<doc id="18864692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864692" title="Mike Roby">
Mike Roby

Mike Roby born 2 April 1986 in St Helens, Merseyside, England is a rugby league player for the Sheffield Eagles in the National League One competition. He plays as a centre. He has previously played for St Helens in the European Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="18864701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864701" title="Peter Hains">
Peter Hains

Peter Hains (born January 9, 1872) was an Army Captain convicted of killing his wife's lover. The case became a sensational murder trial in New York City in 1909. 
Abetted by his brother, sea novelist Thornton Jenkins Hains, Peter Hains gunned down prominent magazine editor and Harper's contributor William Annis at the latter's yacht club in Bayside, Queens. The crime, known as the Hains-Annis Case or the "Murder at the Regatta," played an important role in the development of criminal and matrimonial law. Peter Hains was convicted of manslaughter and received an eight-year sentence. His brother was initially acquitted but later convicted on retrial before finally receiving a pardon from the governor of New York. 
It was one of the last cases in which a defendant pleaded Dementia Americana, the psychiatric pathology that allegedly drove American men to kill the lovers of their unfaithful wives. Harry Thaw used a similar defense during his trial for the murder of architect Stanford White. 
The trial was front page news across the country at the time and ranks with the trials of Josephine Terranova and Richard Bruno Hauptmann as among the most widely watched and reported American criminal trials of the first half of the twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="18864704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864704" title="Lou Marson">
Lou Marson

Louis Glenn Marson (born June 26, 1986) is an American professional baseball catcher who is currently with the Philadelphia Phillies. Marson stands and weighs . He bats and throws right-handed.
Minor leagues.
The Philadelphia Phillies drafted Marson in the fourth round of the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft out of Coronado High School in Scottsdale, Arizona. During 2004, he played with the Gulf Coast League Phillies instructional league team, where he ended the season with a seven-game hitting streak. In 38 games, Marson amassed a total of 29 hits, including three doubles and four home runs, for a batting average of .257. He also stole four bases. During his first full season in the Phillies' system, Marson played with the A-level Batavia Muckdogs. He played 60 games for the short-season squad, batting .245 with five home runs and three triples. He also drew 27 bases on balls and hit .351 against left-handed pitchers.
Moving up to the South Atlantic League for the 2006 season, Marson had a team-leading five triples and four stolen bases, though his average fell to .243. He notched a four-hit game against the Hagerstown Suns, a four-RBI game in August against the Delmarva Shorebirds, and reached base safely in nearly every game in July. Marson had 85 hits in 350 at-bats in 2006 and added 29 walks for a .343 on-base percentage. Marson made his first appearance at the Phillies' spring training in 2007, after which he was assigned to the high-A Clearwater Threshers. He led the 2007 Threshers in batting average (.288) among qualifying players, hit 7 home runs and batted in 63 runs. He established himself as a solid fielder behind the plate, making only three errors in the final 37 games of the season and finishing with a fielding percentage of .982 for the season. After the 2007 season, Marson was recognized as one of the top ten prospects in the Phillies' minor league system by Baseball America.
2008 was a breakout season for Marson, as he won the Paul Owens Award as the top minor league player in the Phillies' farm system. In 94 games behind the plate for the AA Reading Phillies, Marson batted .314 with five home runs and 18 doubles. He also walked 68 times. For his efforts, he was named to both the midseason and post-season Eastern League All-Star teams. He led that league, and all AA-level leagues, in on-base percentage with a .433 mark and posted a 14-game hitting streak at the end of May, during which he had a grand slam and six RBI in one game. A converted infielder with a strong arm, he allowed 30 baserunners in 83 stolen-base attempts for a steal percentage of 36%. The Phillies purchased Marson's contract at the conclusion of the 2008 Eastern League season, and he was called up to the majors for the post-season stretch run. After the season, the Phillies' farm system director, Steve Noworyta, said that Marson "continues, like fine wine, to get better as he ages." His stock as a Baseball America prospect rose from eighth in the system to third, and he was named one of the top 50 prospects in Major League Baseball.
Major leagues.
Philadelphia Phillies.
Marson was called up to the Phillies on September 1, 2008. He had his first major league hit off of Odalis Perez on September 28 against the Washington Nationals. He later scored his first run in the same inning. In the same game, he also hit his first big league home run off Marco Estrada. This was on the final day of the 2008 Philadelphia Phillies season; though Marson was not included on the World Series-winning roster, he did travel with the team in case of injuries. After the end of the post-season, Marson participated in the Arizona Fall League, where he played for the Mesa Solar Sox.
Marson participated in the major league 2009 spring training with the Phillies, where veteran starter Jamie Moyer expressed his pleasure with Marson's skills and ability to call the game. Assistant GM Chuck LaMar said that " strength has actually become his ability to run the game… That is unique for a converted catcher. We think he's one of the finest catching prospects in baseball." Marson was reassigned to the minor leagues on March 23, but was called up to the majors on April 11 to replace Carlos Ruiz, who injured his right oblique muscle. He went 1-for-4 in one game for the Lehigh Valley IronPigs before his call-up.
Cleveland Indians.
On July 29, 2009, the Phillies traded Marson, along with Jason Donald, Carlos Carrasco, and Jason Knapp to the Cleveland Indians for Cliff Lee and Ben Francisco.
Over the next three seasons, Marson was a fixture behind the plate for Cleveland, playing in over 70 games in each of the 2010, 2011 and 2012 seasons—however, he struggled at the plate, never hitting higher than .230. After a 2013 season in which he only appeared in 3 games at the major league level, Marson was non-tendered by the Indians, becoming a free agent.
Second stint with Phillies.
On December 18, 2013, the Philadelphia Phillies signed Marson to a minor league contract, that included a spring training invitation.
International competition.
Marson and Reading teammate Jason Donald were selected to the United States national baseball team for the 2008 Olympics, where they won the bronze medal. National team manager Davey Johnson said that " really impressed me during (the Futures Game)… He caught the first three innings. We don't give the signs to the catcher. He told (pitcher) Brett Anderson to throw over to first and he picked (a runner off). His numbers are outstanding for a catcher—great offensive catcher—and I got reports that said everything about him is good."

</doc>
<doc id="18864706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864706" title="HMS Tavistock (1747)">
HMS Tavistock (1747)

HMS "Tavistock" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Hull to the draught specified in the 1745 Establishment, and launched on 26 August 1747.
"Tavistock" was converted to serve as a hulk in 1761, and was broken up in 1768.

</doc>
<doc id="18864727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864727" title="BloomNet">
BloomNet

BloomNet, a wholly owned subsidiary of 1-800-Flowers, is an international floral wire service provider offering products and resources to a select network of professional retail florists. 

</doc>
<doc id="18864748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864748" title="Wildflowers (Jonathan Byrd album)">
Wildflowers (Jonathan Byrd album)

Wildflowers is the 2001 debut album by Jonathan Byrd. The songs are mostly original songs with a few traditional tunes. Here he mixes contemporary singer-songwriter storytelling with Appalachian folk roots. There is even a murder ballad; "Velma" is a song about serial killer Velma Barfield whose victims included Byrd's own grandfather. "Sing Out!" says, "Byrd's songwriting melds the lyricism of Celtic music with the stark storytelling of the finest traditional balladeers."
Arthur Wood of "Folkwax" says that Byrd's "Ashe County Fair" is certain, in time, to become a "folk classic." Byrd explained to Wood: "When I started writing it, I didn't know the girl was going to die."
Byrd says that he learned to play in the alternate guitar tuning DADGAD during two visits to Ireland: "For a personal challenge, I wrote and recorded my entire first album album in that tuning, bringing it into the Old-Time, Bluegrass, and Country idioms." The album includes a couple of instrumentals that allow Byrd to show off his flatpicking skills. "Sing Out!" described the sound of the album as, "a wonderfully spare collection, allowing the warm expressive vocals of Jonathan and his strong guitar to carry most of the weight of the arrangements." Byrd plays a number of vintage Martin Guitars on the album including a 1936 Martin D-28, a 1937 sunburst D-18, and a 1934 D-18.
Track listing.
All songs by Jonathan Byrd except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="18864766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864766" title="Cristo Rei of Dili">
Cristo Rei of Dili

Cristo Rei of Dili (Christ the King of Dili) is an statue of Jesus located atop a globe in Dili, East Timor. The statue was designed by Mochamad Syailillah, who is better known as Bolil. The statue was officially unveiled by Suharto in 1996 as gift from the Indonesian government to the people of East Timor, which was at the time still a province. The statue is one of the main tourist attractions in East Timor.
The statue, and the globe on which it rests, are situated at the end of the Fatucama peninsula, facing out to the ocean and can be reached by climbing some 500 steps.
History.
The idea of raising the Cristo Rei statue was proposed by the East Timor governor José Abilio Osorio Soares to President Suharto. It was intended as a present for the 20th anniversary of East Timor's integration into Indonesia.
Suharto appointed the director of national airline Garuda Indonesia to lead the project. Garuda was given the responsibility to find capital for funding the project, and raised 1.1 billion rupiah (US$ 123,000). However, that was not sufficient to erect the statue, and contributions from East Timorese civil servants and businessmen were needed to complete the project, which eventually cost more than 5 billion rupiah (US$ 559,000).
It took almost a year of working to create the body of the statue, which was fabricated by 30 workers in Sukaraja, Bandung.
It was made of 27 separate copper sections, which were then loaded onto three trailers and shipped to Dili. Reconstruction of the statue, including the globe and a 10-meter-high cross, took three months.
It was unveiled on 15 October 1996. Roman Catholic bishop Carlos Filipe Ximenes Belo, together with President Suharto and East Timor Governor José Abilio Osorio Soares, directly witnessed the revelation of this statue from the air using a helicopter.

</doc>
<doc id="18864768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864768" title="JASON Project">
JASON Project

The JASON Project is a US middle school science curriculum program that is designed to motivate and inspire students to pursue interests and careers in science, technology, engineering and mathematics.
The JASON Project's approach to science education immerses students in real-world situations where they are mentored by scientists from organizations like NASA, NOAA, the U.S. Department of Energy and parent company National Geographic Society. JASON creates these connections using educational games, videos, live interactivity and social networking to embed its partners' research in the curriculum.
History.
The JASON Project was started in 1989 by Dr. Robert Ballard, the oceanographer who discovered the wreck of the RMS "Titanic". The JASON Foundation for Education was founded in 1990 as a 501(c)3 non-profit organization to administer the project. The Foundation became a subsidiary of the National Geographic Society in 2005.
It was founded in 1989. JASON has won multiple national technology awards. The JASON curricula are available in print and free online, aligned to national and state standards. The JASON Mission Center contains all student and teacher content, communications systems, digital experiences, and tools to manage, assess and track student performance and online usage. 
JASON curricula are available free online, free print-on-demand and in print editions for purchase. 

</doc>
<doc id="18864769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864769" title="70th Air Refueling Squadron">
70th Air Refueling Squadron

The 70th Air Refueling Squadron (70 ARS) is a United States Air Force Reserve squadron, assigned to the 349th Operations Group, stationed at Travis Air Force Base, California. It is a corollary unit of the active duty 6th Air Refueling Squadron, 60th Air Mobility Wing (60 AMW).
History.
The squadron trained B-25 Mitchell replacement aircrews from, September 1942-April 1944. It has conducted worldwide air refueling from, 1955–1993 and since 1994. The 70th supported the National Emergency Airborne Command Post from 1970 to 1993. It also deployed aircrews and aircraft to Europe and the Arabian peninsula during the Gulf War from, 1990-1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18864773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864773" title="Gadabas">
Gadabas

The Gadabas are a designated Scheduled Tribe in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh
There are approximately 67,000 Gadabas. They are involved in both slash and burn and plow cultivation. They live in permanent villages.
They are well known for their tribal dance, the Dhimsa.
They practice Shamanistic rituals and still erect menhirs (monoliths) as commemorative symbols for the deceased from the megalithic tradition [http://www.junglezebindia.com/].
The Gadabas speak Austroasiatic and Dravidian languages. (See Kondekor language.)
Since the early 1980s the Gadabas have largely been displaced from their villages by the building of hydro-electric dams and the resulting lakes.

</doc>
<doc id="18864779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864779" title="Island Yacht Club">
Island Yacht Club

Island Yacht Club is located on 16 acres of park-like setting on Mugg's Island, the western part of the Toronto Islands, in Toronto, Ontario Canada. The club is accessible by water from April to October using the Club's private tender. IYC has an elected Board of Directors and is managed by a professional staff.
Both a yacht club and a social club for families, Island Yacht Club has many amenities and organizes social activities such as holiday buffets and barbecues, sailing lessons and camps, family and children's activities, and boating events including: cruises, sailpasts and sailboat racing. Dockage is available for both power and sailboats. The club provides professional marine services.
Club features.
The clubhouse incorporates a dining room, bar, lounge,locker rooms and a children's club annex.
Nature lovers and bird watchers may wish to bring binoculars since the East side of Muggs Island is a bird sanctuary.
History.
The Island Yacht Club was founded in 1951 by a small group of Jewish sailing enthusiasts.
According to an article by Pierre Berton published in MacLean’s Magazine on November 1,
1948: “Segregation by race at which Canadians are apt to look askance when it is practiced in the
southern United States, is just as strong in the Canadian social world as it is in the economic world. There
are golf clubs which make no bones about the fact that they won’t accept Jewish members, college
fraternities and sororities, which exclude Jewish students. Members of these clubs have argued that in
private, social organizations they should be allowed to choose the people they associate with.”
It was in this social climate that Carl Keyfetz was retained in the spring of 1951 to obtain a Provincial Charter for a Social Club to be located on Mugg’s Island that would be dedicated to the promotion of “yachting, badminton, squash, tennis, bowling, skating, swimming, curling and other games of sport and to arrange matches and competitions of every nature and to offer or grant and contribute towards prizes awards and
distinctions”. 
A lease for a parcel of land on Muggs Island – 250 feet deep by 600 feet along the water – was negotiated
with the City. On October 16, 1951 an organizing meeting was held at the home of Cecil Yolles with Jack
and Estelle Morris, Bill Ackerman, Bob Singer, Dick Lorie, Bert Jacobs, Mel Gould, Eon Gilmore, Norm
Kirzner, Leo Perkel, Dr. S. Leibel, Cecil Yolles, Denny Yolles, Dr. Bernard “Bunny” Willinsky, John Bussin,
Joe Kitz, Barney Alper, Ben Dunkelman, Irving Gould and Mark Speyer in attendance. The first directors were John Bliss, salesman; Irving and Malville Gould, managers and Carl
Keyfetz, solicitor.
Only qualified and proven sailors were to be allowed to fly the IYC burgee. Training was mandatory. A
Disciplinary Committee was established under the chairmanship of the Sailing Master with power to
penalize, fine or expel members who did not conform with Government regulations or any regulations
that the Club might, from time to time, see fit to pass. With Johnny Bussin responsible for seamanship
instruction, Bunny Willinsky sharing his knowledge of boat handling and safety at sea and Irving Gould in
charge of navigation and chart work, all members were expected to become qualified skippers so that
they would not injure themselves or embarrass the rest of the members or the Club. In addition to
“fostering sportsmanship and seamanship among Jewish youth and its members”, the Club was to provide “social facilities to all visiting yachtsmen” and to “foster a better understanding between Jewish and Gentile yachtsmen”. Membership peaked at 350 in the 1970s and has steadily dropped since then. 
The fundamental issue of whether or not it was to be an exclusively “Jewish yacht club” was addressed and decided quickly. Notwithstanding the way that others had treated them, the answer from the founders was a principled and emphatic NO!
At a meeting on February 4, 1952 “upon motion regularly made and seconded, it was unanimously decided that all applications for membership from persons of other than the Jewish faith would be given the same consideration as all other applications.” This was a first for private clubs in Toronto and a policy that proudly continues to this day.
The Island Yacht Club 7,600 sq. ft. clubhouse on Mugg’s Island was "designed for people who would rather be outside" by Montgomery Sisam Architects in 2006. It has won the Ontario Association of Architects Design of Excellence. This clubhouse was built to replace the original clubhouse, which burned down in June, 2004, causing no loss of life, but loss of priceless artifacts, trophies and souvenirs gathered and donated by members. The original clubhouse housed the formal dining room, bar, cafeteria style snack bar, where Friday nights were Movie night; men's and ladies locker rooms with saunas and lounges, the Junior Club where young sailors and children of members could relax with their peers and the Sailor's Lounge where you could often find members playing cards or relaxing, either inside the spacious lounge, or outside on the deck. Although some of these activities have been discontinued (e.g., movie night) there is an active youth program that helps cement the Island Yacht Club as a family oriented facility. Other adult activities include Weekday Mah Jong,Tennis tournaments, adult sail, canoeing and kayaking.

</doc>
<doc id="18864789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864789" title="Georgia and Alabama Railroad">
Georgia and Alabama Railroad

The original Georgia and Alabama Railroad was based in Rome, GA, incorporated in 1853, and started initial rail construction in 1857. In August 1866, the G&A officially consolidated with the Dalton and Jacksonville Railroad and the Alabama and Tennessee River Railroad Company with the intent to create a consolidated rail system from Selma, AL to Dalton, GA. The consolidated corporation was to do business under the name of the latter, but it officially took the name Selma, Rome and Dalton Railroad Company in December of that same year. Still, in some cases, business continued under the name of Georgia and Alabama Railroad. For instance, in May 1868, a contract was executed to the Georgia and Alabama Railroad, leasing 100 African American convicts in the state of Georgia to work for the railroad company without pay.
The Georgia and Alabama Railroad is not to be confused with the Georgia and Alabama Railway, which was a different entity entirely, formed in 1895 and based in Savannah. However, due to the similarity in their names, the G&A "Railway" was often referred to as the G&A Railroad until it became part of the Seaboard Air Line Railway ca. 1900.
In 1989, the next iteration of the Georgia and Alabama Railroad was formed as a shortline railroad operating between Smithville, Georgia and White Oak, Alabama, . RailTex consolidated its holdings in the area into the Georgia Southwestern in 1995, and the Georgia & Alabama ceased to operate under that name. The rail system, however, is still in use by the Georgia Southwestern Railroad.
History.
The Southwestern Railroad originally constructed the line west out of Smithville towards the Alabama state line, completing the railroad in 1860. The Southwestern was leased to the Central of Georgia in 1869 and completely integrated into the system in 1954. The remainder of the line into Alabama was constructed by the Vicksburg & Brunswick from Eufaula to Clayton, Alabama, and became part of the Central of Georgia. An extension to Ozark was later built, however, it was abandoned in 1977.
Eventually the Central of Georgia was acquired by the Southern, and later became part of Norfolk Southern. The line was cut back to White Oak February 28, 1986. The Georgia & Alabama railroad began operation on June 1, 1989 under the Thoroughbred Shortline Program between Smithville and White Oak.
Frieght included peanuts, aggregates, pulpwood, and cement, which generated approximately 3,300 annual carloads for the line in 1995. Interchange was made with Norfolk Southern at Smithville, CSX Transportation at Dawson until 1990, and fellow RailTex subsidiary Georgia Southwestern at Cuthbert. After 1990, the railroad interchanged with the Georgia Great Southern at Dawson.
The Georgia & Alabama no longer existed in name after the division was merged into the Georgia Southwestern division of Railtex in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18864792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864792" title="HD 150576">
HD 150576

HD 150576 is star in double system.

</doc>
<doc id="18864794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864794" title="Center for International Development at Harvard University">
Center for International Development at Harvard University

The Center for International Development at Harvard University (CID) is a nonprofit, academic research center located at Harvard University. As Harvard’s primary center for research on international development, CID works to generate shared and sustainable prosperity in developing economies. This research hub actively creates, applies, and integrates knowledge from across the university and beyond to advance understanding of development challenges and solutions. 
The Center’s mission is to improve development practice and resolve the dilemmas of public policy associated with eradicating global poverty. To accomplish this mission, CID engages directly with policymakers and governments to effect good policy decisions and increase prosperity in all regions of the globe.
CID's primary activities and programs seek to:
Programs and Projects.
The Empowerment Lab.
To advance global research on financial empowerment, CID launched the Empowerment Lab to promote innovations that extend the reach of markets to developing countries. The Lab focuses on research and activities to promote economic inclusion, uncovering and promoting finding sustainable ways to empower the global poor by providing them with access to key markets.
The Growth Lab.
Led by Ricardo Hausmann, Dani Rodrik, Andres Velasco, and Lant Pritchett, CID's Growth Lab works to understand the dynamics of economic growth and translate those insights into more effective policymaking in developing countries. The Lab serves as the global hub for Structural Transformation, which places complexity at the center of the development story and uncovers how countries can shift to industries that offer increased productivity.
The Observatory of Economic Complexity.
The The Observatory of Economic Complexity is a joint venture with the MIT MediaLab, which intends to produce new and more sensitive economic measures. One of such is the economic complexity index(ECI), a new measure based on the network structure of an economy. As the developers of the concept show (Ricardo Hausmann, Cesar Hidalgo, et al.), the ECI has a much more powerful predictive value for economic growth than the traditional governance measures of the WB or the IMF.
Evidence for Policy Design.
Evidence for Policy Design (EPoD) promotes and supports applied microeconomic development research to inform public policy in low-income countries. EPoD aims to improve the effectiveness of international development policies, programs, and institutions through research based on rigorous assessment and scientific evaluation. The research of EPoD is designed and conducted in close collaboration with local governments, civil society organizations, and other in-country partners in order to best ensure local relevance and ownership of research findings for policy impact.
The Sustainability Science Program.
Harvard's Sustainability Science Program harnesses the University's strengths to promote the design of institutions, policies, and practices that support sustainable development. The Program addresses the challenge of sustainable development by advancing scientific understanding of human-environment systems, improving linkages between research and policy communities, and building capacity for linking knowledge with action to promote sustainability.
The Entrepreneurial Finance Lab.
The Entrepreneurial Finance Lab (EFL) aims to unlock the entrepreneurial potential of the developing world's “missing middle.” This includes promising companies not served by existing models of finance because they are too large for microfinance and often too small for venture capital. EFL facilitated profitable investment in the missing middle by providing financial institutions with rigorous, low-cost, low-information methods to identify high-potential entrepreneurs.
The Mexico Program.
The Mexico Program is an academic collaboration between the Harvard Kennedy School and the Graduate School of Public Administration and Public Policy (EGAP) of a leading private Mexican university, the Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey (ITESM). This program is sponsored by ITESM and aims to foster collaboration in research and teaching between EGAP and Harvard Kennedy School faculty.
The Migration Project.
The Migration Project is committed to understanding and strengthening the links between migration, remittances, and prosperity. The Project is also working to expand the possibilities for comprehensive immigration reform in the U.S. by bringing a development lens to the domestic policy debate.
Publications.
Faculty and fellows affiliated with CID frequently publish books, academic articles, working papers, reports, op-eds, and other documents related to international development. Publications are regularly updated at the CID Publications Page. In 2011, a collaboration with the Macroconnections group at the MIT Media Lab resulted in the publication of The Atlas of Economic Complexity .
Events and Updates.
During the academic year, CID hosts numerous events for the Harvard community and the interested public.
CID Leadership.
Ricardo Hausmann, Professor of the Practice of Economic Development at the Kennedy School and former Minister for Planning in Venezuela, became the Director of CID in 2005, and Marcela Escobari is the Executive Director. CID draws upon faculty, staff, and researchers from various parts of Harvard University such as:
CID also has a Faculty Steering Committee, which includes noted Harvard faculty such as:

</doc>
<doc id="18864795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864795" title="South Main Street Historic District">
South Main Street Historic District

South Main Street Historic District or South Main Street District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18864798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864798" title="Josephine de Reszke">
Josephine de Reszke

Joséphine de Reszke, in Polish Józefina Reszke, (June 4, 1855-February 22, 1891) was a Polish soprano. Born in Warsaw, she was the sister of the bass Edouard and the tenor Jean de Reszke, famous singers in their own rights. She began her studies with her mother and with a Mme. Nissen-Salomon, and made her debut in Paris as Ophelia in Hamlet on June 21, 1875. 
She remained at the Opéra in Paris for several years, during which time she became known for her performances in Italian and French operas; she also created the role of Sita in Jules Massenet's "Le roi de Lahore". She turned down an offer to appear in the United States, and remained in Europe for the duration of her career.
Josephine appeared with her brother Jean on the occasion of his debut; the two, along with Edouard, participated in the Paris premiere of "Hérodiade" in 1884. At the peak of her career she married Baron Leopold Kronenberg, and retired from the stage almost completely, giving only charity performances thereafter. For this she was awarded with a diamond from the city of Poznań. De Reszke died in Warsaw in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="18864799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864799" title="St. Mary Coptic Orthodox Church (Los Angeles)">
St. Mary Coptic Orthodox Church (Los Angeles)

Holy Virgin Mary Coptic Orthodox Church (Coptic: // transliteration: "ti.eklyseya en.remenkimi en.orthodoxos ente ti.parthenos ethowab Maria") is the second oldest Coptic Orthodox church that was established in Los Angeles and one of the largest Coptic parishes in California. It is one of over 200 Coptic Orthodox Churches in the US.
History of the Church.
St. Mary's Coptic Orthodox Church of Los Angeles was founded as the second Coptic parish in Los Angeles, and was incorporated by 1974 with about 50 families at the time. The Coptic population of Los Angeles had been growing since the late 1960s, when Father Bishoy Kamel was commissioned to serve the neighboring Church of St. Mark in 1969, during Pope Cyril VI's papacy. Fr. Bishoy was a prominent Copt, being considered a modern-day saint within the Church, having helped found St. Mark's as well as several other parishes and buildings throughout Egypt, the United States, Europe and Australia.
Expansion.
St. Mary's Church, on the other hand, was founded in the Highland Park community within the City of Los Angeles, near Pasadena. In November 1989 a new Coptic-designed church that had replaced the original church building was consecrated by HH Pope Shenouda III, making it the first church in California that was built in the Coptic style. Dr. Isaac Fanous, a Coptic iconographer, eagerly completed the treasury of icons that were inside of the church in September 1996.
An additional church, chapel bearing the name of St Bishoy, was completed in January 2004 in the lower-level of the building, built specifically for serving the English-speaking congregation.
Priests & Services.
From the time of its establishment in 1974, St. Mary's Church was served by Hegomen (Archpriest) Fr. Antonious Henein until his repose in 2006. The church is currently served by Fr. Mina Youssef, who began serving the church in 1995 and was ordained to the priestly rank of Hegomen in December 2006; together with Fr. James Soliman, who was ordained to the priesthood in November 2003.
Today.
Several years after St. Mary's Church was incorporated, in 1995, the Coptic Orthodox Diocese of Los Angeles, Southern California and Hawaii was founded. Pope Shenouda III, who is still the current Pope of Alexandria, enthroned HG Serapion as Bishop for the diocese, which includes St. Mary's Church as well as several other diocesan churches.
Two services of the Divine Liturgy are celebrated on Sunday mornings: one for the Arabic-speaking congregation in the main church on the upper-level of the building; and the other for the English-speaking congregation in Saint Bishoy Church located on the lower-level.
There are currently almost 500 Coptic families served by St. Mary's Church alone with several others belonging to different church congregations throughout California.

</doc>
<doc id="18864804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864804" title="Latvijas Radio Amatieru Līga">
Latvijas Radio Amatieru Līga

The Latvijas Radio Amatieru Līga (LRAL) (in English, Latvian Amateur Radio League) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Latvia. Key membership benefits of LRAL include the sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards and radio contests, and a QSL bureau for those members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries. LRAL represents the interests of Latvian amateur radio operators before Latvian, European, and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. LRAL is the national member society representing Latvia in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18864805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864805" title="Jorge Herrera">
Jorge Herrera

Jorge A. Herrera Soto (born April 9, 1972) is a former international freestyle swimmer from Puerto Rico. He started swimming at the age of 7 in Round Hill Swimming Team.
Among other competitions, Herrera participated in the 1990 Centroamerican Games in Mexico, the 1991 6th World Swimming Championships in Australia, the 1991 Pan American Games in Cuba, the Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Edmonton, Canada, and the 1992 Summer Olympics.
His best World Ranking result was a 10th place @ the 6th World Championships in Perth in the Men's 400m Freestyle (3:54.01). Herrera is best known for winning two silver medals and one bronze at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, Cuba, and five medals (two gold, two silver and a bronze) in the 1990 Centroamerican Games in Mexico. He currently holds national records in the 400 & 1,500 m freestyle since 1991. 
Competitions.
Herrera participated in:
1983 CCCAN in Dominican Republic,
1984 CISC in Trinidad and Tobago,
1985 CCCAN in Mexico,
1986 CISC in Curaçao,
1987 CCCAN in Salinas, Puerto Rico,
1988 CAC in Mexico and CISC in Dominican Republic,
1989 CCCAN in Venezuela.
1990 CAC in México
1991 6th World Swimming Championship
1991 Pan American Games in Cuba
1991 Pan Pacific Games, Edmonton Canadá
1992 Olympic Games, in Barcelona

</doc>
<doc id="18864807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864807" title="Ona to zna">
Ona to zna

"Ona to zna" is the fourth and last single by Serbian band Idoli. The single was given as a present with "Džuboks" magazine issue. The song appeared on the Šest dana juna soundtrack album. A live version of the song appeared on the Vlada Divljan live album "Odbrana i zaštita".

</doc>
<doc id="18864810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864810" title="Rekin Teksoy">
Rekin Teksoy

Rekin Teksoy (1928 – May 30, 2012) was a Turkish lawyer, author and translator.
Career.
Teksoy taught courses in Istanbul University’s Communications Faculty on "Art of Cinema" and "Cinema and Literature Relations" for over twenty years. He served on the executive board of "Turkish Cinematech Association". He also published articles of film criticism in the 1960s and later became one of the founding members of "Turkish Foundation of Cinema and Audiovisual Culture" (TURSAK).
In 1994, Teksoy began to prepare and present the weekly cinema and literature program for Turkish Radio and Television 2 (TRT 2); the shows continued for 601 weeks. He was the chief editor of "Arkin Cinema Encyclopedia" and other publications. His play, "Rosa Luxemburg", was staged for two seasons at Ayna Theater - Dilek Turker in Istanbul’s Kucuk Sahne.
He has translated novels, stories and plays from writers such as Machiavelli, Italo Calvino, Cesare Pavese, Italo Svevo, Dino Buzzati, Pier Paolo Pasolini, Curzio Malaparte, Federico Fellini, Oriana Fallaci, Luigi Malerba, Dario Fo and Milan Kundera into the Turkish language.
He received "The Avni Dilligil Award" as the best translator for his translation of Carlo Goldoni’s "Arlecchino Servitore di due Padroni" (Turkish: "Iki Efendinin Usagi"). He was knighted as a chevalier by the Italian President for his unabridged translation of Boccaccio’s Decameron into Turkish. He was also awarded by the Italian Senate Committee of Senate Awards for the first in verse translation of Dante Alighieri’s The Divine Comedy into Turkish.
"Rekin Teksoy’s Turkish Cinema", one of the first English language resources outlining the history of cinema in Turkey from the late Ottoman period to the present day, provides students and film enthusiasts outside the borders of Turkey a glimpse into that country’s film history. This book is an accumulation of material previously found in "Rekin Teksoy’s Turkish Cinema" (Rekin Teksoy’un Turk Sinemasi), published by Oglak Yayinevi in Turkish in 2007. Domestically he is also well known for his comprehensive work on world film history entitled "Rekin Teksoy’s Cinema History" (Rekin Teksoy’un Sinema Tarihi), published in 2005 by Oglak Yayinevi.

</doc>
<doc id="18864828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864828" title="Maya Stange">
Maya Stange

Maya Stange is an Australian television and film actress known for starring roles in the films "Garage Days" and "XX/XY" (with Mark Ruffalo). She was born in Perth, Australia. She most recently appeared in the popular TV show Burn Notice.

</doc>
<doc id="18864831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864831" title="Jussi Jalas">
Jussi Jalas

Jussi Jalas (June 23, 1908 – October 11, 1985) was a Finnish conductor and composer.
Biography.
Jussi Jalas was born as Armas Jussi Veikko Blomstedt in Jyväskylä in 1908. His father was the architect Yrjö Blomstedt. He studied at the Helsingfors Conservatory 1923-30 (later renamed the Sibelius Academy), and then in Paris 1933-34, under Wladimir Pohl, Pierre Monteux and Rhené-Baton. He had further study in Germany, Austria and Italy before returning to Finland.
He changed his surname to Jalas in 1943. He taught at the Sibelius Academy from 1945 to 1965, and was the music director of the Finnish National Opera from 1945. He conducted the Finnish premieres of Britten's operas "Peter Grimes" and "The Rape of Lucretia".
His wife Margareta "née" Sibelius was the daughter of Jean Sibelius, and virtually every one of his concerts included a work by his father-in-law. 
His own works included orchestral works, piano music and songs. He died in Helsinki in 1985, aged 77.
Recordings.
His discography includes a complete recording of Leevi Madetoja's opera, "Juha", with Jorma Hynninen, as well as, for Westminster, Norman Treigle's two recital albums, "Arias from Italian, French and German Opera" (1967) and "Operatic Heroes and Villains" (1968). 
For the same label, he conducted Beverly Sills' first recital album, "Bellini and Donizetti Heroines" (1968). Among his "pirated" recordings is that of a 1971 Helsinski concert featuring Anja Silja in excerpts from "Götterdämmerung" and "Tristan und Isolde".

</doc>
<doc id="18864833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864833" title="Ljubavi">
Ljubavi

Ljubavi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18864853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864853" title="Spencer House">
Spencer House

Spencer House can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18864887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864887" title="Stranac u noći (Idoli song)">
Stranac u noći (Idoli song)

"Stranac u noći" ("Stranger In The Night) is the B-side of the third single by the Serbian band Idoli. The song is a piano-dominated ballad for which Vlada Divljan provided the lead vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="18864907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864907" title="Thornton Jenkins Hains">
Thornton Jenkins Hains

Thornton Jenkins Hains (1866-1953) was a popular American sea novelist best known today for his role in the murder of William Annis. Hains later used the penname Mayn Clew Garnett.
Hains' father was General Peter Conover Hains, was a prestigious engineering officer who participated in the draining of the Washington Tidal Basin, and the construction of the Panama Canal. Hains' maternal grandfather, Admiral Thornton A. Jenkins, served in the War of 1812. The Admiral's logbooks served as the inspiration for Hains' novel, "The Cruise of the Petrel" (1901).
The Hains-Annis Case or the "Regatta Murder", concerned the killing of William Annis by Hains' brother, Peter C. Hains, in Bayside, Queens on August 15, 1909. Peter Hains was a friend of Annis, who was advertising manager for "The Burr McIntosh Monthly" T.J. Hains informed Peter that Peter's wife was having an affair with Annis, and he later accompanied Peter to the victim's yacht club on the afternoon of the ladies' regatta. As Annis finished a race he had won, Peter emptied a pistol magazine of eight shots into Annis' body, in front of Annis' wife and two sons, while T.J. stood guard, his own pistol drawn. The defense of the Hains brothers was funded by their father. T.J. was tried as an accomplice (December 1908 to January 1909), pleaded temporary insanity, and acquitted of manslaughter, but the case tarnished his reputation. (Peter was tried in April–May 1909 and convicted of manslaughter. He was pardoned by the governor of New York in 1911.)
The crime played an important role in the development of criminal and matrimonial law. The case became front page news across the nation at the time and ranks with the trials of Josephine Terranova, Harry Kendall Thaw, and Richard Bruno Hauptmann as among the most widely watched and reported American criminal trials of the first half of the twentieth century.
Hains published twelve books under his own name from 1894-1908. "The White Ghost of Disaster" was published in a collection under the name Captain Mayn Clew Garnett in 1912. Hains was a frequent contributor to the 1920s pulp magazine "Sea Stories", primarily under his real name, but also under Garnett. His writing career seems to end about 1930.
After the trials, Hains' work no longer appeared in the higher-class magazines, and he wrote under the penname "Mayn Clew Garnett". He achieved pseudonymous fame when his short story, "The White Ghost of Disaster" ("The Popular Magazine", May 1, 1912), about an ocean liner that strikes an iceberg in the Atlantic and sinks, was on the newsstands when the RMS Titanic sunk. Many people attributed to him the gift of foresight, while being unaware of his true identity.
Thornton Jenkins Hains died August 19, 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="18864909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864909" title="Goose Creek Grasslands">
Goose Creek Grasslands

Goose Creek Grasslands Nature Sanctuary, commonly referred to as Goose Creek, is a nature sanctuary located in Lenawee County, Michigan. It is maintained and preserved by the Michigan Nature Association, which is a non-profit organization dedicated to protecting Michigan's natural habitats, plants and animals.
About the sanctuary.
Goose Creek is home to the prairie fen habitat, which is a unique wetland that is found only in the glaciated Midwest. More than 200 plant species have been recorded here, including native orchids and pitcher plants, as well as blazing star, sunflowers and Joe-Pye weed. 
Conservation efforts have been aimed at removing invasive plants, including the glossy buckthorn which, according to The Nature Conservancy's 2002 report, the infestation is "severe" and threatens the vulnerable Poweshiek skipperling, a butterfly of the fen habitats.
Many species of birds have also been spotted at Goose Creek. It is not uncommon to see hawks, meadowlarks, Red-winged Blackbirds and Yellow Warblers all in one visit.

</doc>
<doc id="18864914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864914" title="Ed Robnett">
Ed Robnett

William Edward Robnett (March 7, 1920 – September 20, 1990) was an American football fullback in the All-America Football Conference for the San Francisco 49ers. He played college football at Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas (now Texas A&M University) and Texas Technological College (now Texas Tech University) and was drafted in the eighteenth round of the 1946 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="18864945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864945" title="Military awards and decorations of the Czech Republic">
Military awards and decorations of the Czech Republic

Military awards and decorations of the Czech Republic are issued by the Minister of Defence of the Czech Republic to members of the Armed forces of the Czech Republic serving under its command, civil employees of the Ministry and foreign soldiers who co-operated with/under Czech command.
State decorations of the Czech Republic are also awardable to members of the Armed forces of the Czech Republic but are awarded by the President of the Czech Republic. This list contains military decorations which are awarded by the Minister of Defence.
See also.
List of awards and decorations

</doc>
<doc id="18864955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864955" title="Advocis">
Advocis

Advocis, The Financial Advisors Association of Canada, is the oldest and largest voluntary membership association of financial advisors and planners in Canada. With more than 11,000 advisors and planners in 42 chapters across Canada, Advocis members provide financial advice, product service and employee benefit planning to millions of Canadians in a number of areas including estate and retirement planning, wealth management, risk management and tax planning.

</doc>
<doc id="18864957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864957" title="Leanna Brown">
Leanna Brown

Leanna Brown (born 1935) is an American Republican Party politician who served in both houses of the New Jersey Legislature, where she represented the 26th Legislative District. She was the first Republican woman elected to the New Jersey Senate.
Born Leanna Cawley Young, she is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Harold H. Young. Her father was a partner at the New York brokerage firm of Eastman Dillon. She attended the Northfield School for Girls (now part of Northfield Mount Hermon School) in Gill, Massachusetts, graduating in 1952. After graduating from Smith College in 1956, she married William Stanley Brown, who had attended the Mount Hermon School and Yale University and would go on to be a scientist at Bell Labs. 
Brown and her husband are longtime residents of Chatham Borough, New Jersey. She spent four years writing test questions for Educational Testing Service outside Princeton, New Jersey before the birth of her two sons. She became active in local politics, serving on the Chatham Borough Council from 1969 to 1972. In 1972 she was elected to serve on the Morris County Board of Chosen Freeholders. She was named freeholder director in 1976 and president of the New Jersey Association of Counties in 1978.
In 1980 she won a special election to an unexpired term in the New Jersey General Assembly, and she was re-elected the following year. In 1983, she challenged her former running-mate, James P. Vreeland, for the Republican nomination for State Senate in the 26th Legislative District. She won the primary in what the "Philadelphia Daily News" described as a "stunning upset" and was elected to the State Senate, becoming the first woman from the Republican Party to serve in the upper house of the State Legislature.
In 1989 she formed an exploratory committee to consider becoming a candidate for Governor of New Jersey. She ultimately decided against running in the Republican primary, which was won by Jim Courter.
In 1993, Brown resigned from the State Senate when she was appointed to the New Jersey Casino Control Commission, initially to serve out the unexpired term of Charles J. Irwin. Assemblymember Robert Martin was chosen to fill Brown's vacancy in the Senate. The following year she was named by Governor Christine Todd Whitman to a full five-year term on the Commission, serving until 1999.
Brown and her husband founded Brown Global Enterprises, a small import-export business focusing on trade in African art. In 2001 she volunteered to work on the transition team for President George W. Bush. In May 2007 she was appointed by Bush to serve on the President's Commission on White House Fellowships.

</doc>
<doc id="18864963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864963" title="Frank Neary">
Frank Neary

Harold Frank Neary (born 6 March 1921 in Aldershot, Hampshire) was an English footballer who played as a striker, mainly for Millwall, Leyton Orient and West Ham United.
During the Second World War, Neary played as an amateur for West Ham, Finchley and then Fulham, before joining the Army. While stationed in Ireland he played for Glentoran. After the war he joined Queens Park Rangers (QPR) and featured in 30 regional wartime matches, scoring 23 goals.
When regular football recommenced in 1946–47, Neary continued with QPR before moving to West Ham for £4,000 in January 1947. His time there was curtailed after reportedly hitting an opponent who had fouled him, out of sight of the referee. West Ham sold him in November 1947 at a £2,000 loss to Leyton Orient, where he became the club's record goalscorer at that time, with 25 goals during the 1948–49 season. He was noted for the power of his shooting, and once knocked out opposing goalkeeper Archie McFeat of Torquay United, who got in the way of a Neary drive.
Refusing advances from Newcastle United, Neary moved back to QPR for £7,000 in October 1949, but it was a further move in August 1950, this time to Millwall for £6,000, which led him to 50 more league goals in 123 League appearances.
Neary finished his career playing non-league football at Gravesend in May 1954. He died at St Raphael's Hospice in North Cheam on 17 November 2004, aged 83.

</doc>
<doc id="18864966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864966" title="George Banks (disambiguation)">
George Banks (disambiguation)

George Banks (born 1942) is an American spree killer.
George Banks may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18864968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18864968" title="Rajiv Malhotra">
Rajiv Malhotra

Rajiv Malhotra (born September 15, 1950), is an Indian-American author of the books Breaking India, Being Different and "Indra's Net". He is also a blogger at The Huffington Post.
Biography.
Rajiv Malhotra is an Indian–American researcher, writer, speaker and public intellectual on current affairs as they relate to civilizations, cross-cultural encounters, religion and science. Rajiv Malhotra was born September 1950. He studied physics at St. Stephen's College, Delhi and computer science at Syracuse University, and was "a senior executive, strategic consultant and a successful entrepreneur in the information technology and media industries" until his retirement in 1994 at age 44. Malhotra took an early retirement to pursue philanthropic and educational activities and founded the Infinity foundation in 1995.
Currently, Rajiv Malhotra is a full-time founder-director of the Infinity Foundation in Princeton, NJ. He also serves as Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Center for Indic Studies at the University of Massachusetts, Dartmouth, and as adviser to various organizations.
Infinity Foundation.
The Infinity Foundation is an organization based in New Jersey promoting Indic studies. 
The Foundation has given more than 400 grants for research, education and community work. The Infinity foundation has provided small grants to major universities in support of programs including visiting professorship in Indic studies at Harvard University, Yoga and Hindi classes at Rutgers University, the research and teaching of nondualistic philosophies at University of Hawaii, Global Renaissance Institute and a Center for Buddhist studies at Columbia University, a program in religion and science at University of California, and endowment for the Center for Advanced Study of India at University of Pennsylvania, lectures at the Center for Consciousness Studies at University of Arizona. The foundation has provided funding for journals like "Education about Asia", "International Journal of Hindu Studies" and in the establishment of Mahatma Gandhi Center for Global Non-violence at James Madison University.
Criticism of American academia.
American academia.
Malhotra voices four criticisms of American academia:
In his 2003-blog "Does South Asian Studies Undermine India?" at "Rediff India Abroad. India as it happens" Malhotra criticises the uncritical funding of South Asian Studies by Indian-American donors. According to Malhotra,
Malhotra argues that American scholarship has undermined India "by encouraging the paradigms that oppose its unity and integrity", with scholars playing critical roles, often under the garb of 'human rights' in channeling foreign intellectual and material support to exacerbate India's internal cleavages. According to Malhotra, Indian American donors were "hoodwinked" into thinking that they were supporting India through their monetary contributions to such programmes. Malhotra compares the defense of Indian interests with corporate brand management, distrusting the loyalties of Indian scholars:
According to Malhotra, a positive stance on India has been underrepresented in American academia, due to programmes being staffed by Westerners, their "Indian - American Sepoys" and Indian Americans wanting to be white - whom he describes as "career opportunists" and "Uncle Toms" who in their desire to become even marginal members of the Western Grand Narrative sneer at Indian culture in the same manner as colonialists once did. Malhotra has accused the academia of abetting the "Talibanisation" of India, which would also lead to the Talibanisation of other Asian countries.
Wendy's Child Syndrome.
Malhotra has voiced influential criticisms of western studies of India. His 2002 "Wendy"-blog, in which he criticised the use of Freudian psycho-analysis to analyse Indian culture, was the starting point of a "rift between some Western Hinduism scholars [...] and some conservative Hindus in India, the United States, and elsewhere".
In this blog, "RISA Lila - 1: Wendy's Child Syndrome", he criticised the use of Freudian psychoanalysis to analyse Indian culture. It was the starting point of what Martha Nussbaum has called a "war" by "the Hindu right" against American scholars. The blog 
In this blog, Malhotra concluded 
According to Braverman,
Ideas.
Malhotra's work analyzes and critiques Western culture, philosophy and political discourse from the perspective of a "Dharmic paradigm" or framework. Malhotra argues that India has been studied from a western perspective, but that Indians have not gazed at the west from a "Dharmic framework".
Dharmic traditions vs. Abrahamic religions.
Malhotra argues that there are irreconcilable incompatibilities between Dharmic traditions and Abrahamic religions. The term Dharma 
According to Malhotra, Abrahamic religions are history-centric in that their fundamental beliefs are sourced from history — that God revealed His message through a special prophet and that the message is secured in scriptures. This special access to God is available only to these intermediaries or prophets and not to any other human beings. History-centric Abrahamic religions claim that we can resolve the human condition only by following the lineage of prophets arising from the Middle East. All other teachings and practices are required to get reconciled with this special and peculiar history. By contrast, the dharmic traditions — Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Sikhism—do not rely on history in the same absolutist and exclusive way. 
According to Malhotra, Dharmic traditions claim an endless stream of enlightened living spiritual masters, each said to have realized the ultimate truth while alive on this earth, and hence, able to teach this truth to others. Unlike in the case of Dharmic traditions, the great teachers of Abrahamic traditions are not living models of embodied enlightenment. Instead, Abrahamic teachers proclaim the truth based on historical texts. The consequences of these divergent systems are enormous, and are at the heart of Dharmic-Abrahamic distinctions. Dharmic flexibility has made fundamental pluralism possible which cannot occur within the constraints of history centrism.
According to Malhotra, both Western and Dharmic civilizations have cherished unity as an ideal, but with a different emphasis. Malhotra posits a crucial distinction between
While the former is characterized by a top-down essentialism embracing everything "a priori", the latter is a bottom-up approach acknowledging the dependent co-origination of alternative views of the human and the divine, the body and the mind, and the self and society.
U-turn theory.
According to Malhotra, the Western appropriation of Indic ideas and knowledge systems has a long history. According to Malhotra, in what he calls "the U-Turn Theory", the appropriation occurs in several stages:
Another example is the influence of Vivekananda's influence on western thought, for example William James and his "The Varieties of Religious Experience" (1902). According to Malhotra, Vivekananda's ideas have continued to exist in the West in various manifestations, for example via Aldous Huxley and his "The Perennial Philosophy" (1945), and the works of Ken Wilber. Malhotra’s gives an overview of westerners who were influenced by Vivekananda’s ideas across the generations, examining how they shaped 20th-century Western thought, and questions why much of his influence remains unacknowledged and unaccredited.
Western Interventions in Dravidian and Dalit Faultlines.
Malhotra's book "Breaking India: Western Interventions in Dravidian and Dalit Faultlines" discusses three faultlines trying to destabilize India: 
The book goes into greater depth on the third: the role of U.S. and European churches, academics, think-tanks, foundations, government and human rights groups in fostering separation of the identities of Dravidian and Dalit communities from the rest of India. 
According to Malhotra:
Response.
Malhotra has received both strong positive and negative response. Hinnells considers Malhotra to lead the traditional Hindu criticism of methodology for the examination of Hinduism. Prema A. Kurien considers Malhotra to be at 
Critics include Martha Nussbaum, who criticises Malhotra for
Other scholars welcome his attempt to challenge the western assumptions in the study of India and South Asia but also question his approach, finding it to be neglecting the differences within the various Indian traditions. In response, Malhotra points out that he does not state that all those traditions are essentially the same, that there is no effort to homogenize different Dharmic traditions, but that they share the assertion of integral unity.
Further reading.
Malhotra's criticisms
Background information
External links.
Malhotra
Responses

</doc>
<doc id="18865008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865008" title="Glennwood Estates (Decatur)">
Glennwood Estates (Decatur)

Glennwood Estates is an historic neighborhood located in the northeast section of the Atlanta, Georgia suburb of Decatur. It includes residences, a nature preserve and an adjoining city park. It is known for its spacious single-family homes and lots, which were comparatively large for the 1920s. It is bisected by Glenn Creek. The neighborhood remains an affluent enclave within Decatur.
Glennwood Estates is accessed from East Ponce de Leon Avenue to the south, and Church Street and Sycamore Street to the north. The heart of the community and primary north-south road is Glenndale Avenue. Glenndale Avenue has two roads that arc from it and reconnect - Mount Vernon Drive and Glenn Circle. Other roads in the community include Forkner Drive, Old Decatur Circle, Mountain View Street, Oak Lane, Hillcrest Avenue, Springdale Street and Pinecrest Avenue (which was referred to as Morse Hill in early DeKalb deed books). The varied topography and curved, tree-lined streets with historic residences are notable. The neighborhood also borders the historic Decatur Cemetery, which is accessible through Glenlake Park.
Glenlake Park and the Decatur Cemetery are northwest of Glennwood Estates, and are accessible by a walking path off Glenndale Avenue. Ponce de Leon Court Historic District, with more modest bungalows that were also developed in the 1920s, is southwest of the neighborhood. Glenn Creek Nature Preserve and Decatur Heights lie to east of Glennwood Estates. Ridgeland Avenue, Hickory Street and Fairview Street were developed as a part of Glennwood Estates, but these roads are generally considered part of the Decatur Heights community now.
History.
Glennwood Estates has been a distinct parcel since DeKalb County, Georgia, was first divided into parcels. The property passed through a number of owners until it was sold to John T. Glenn, a carpetbagger from New York, c. 1869. Mr. Glenn began developing land in the area in the 1870s. His house is noted on an 1879 map of Decatur.
After his death, a small portion of the land was sold for Glenwood School.
The area south of Glenn Creek was first subdivision parcel developed in 1927 by Pattillo, Hamff & Robarts. The original development included a provision to keep the area north of the creek as a forest. However, the area north of the creek was developed beginning in 1939, and the neighborhood was completed shortly after World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="18865021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865021" title="Belarussian Federation of Radioamateurs and Radiosportsmen">
Belarussian Federation of Radioamateurs and Radiosportsmen

The Belarussian Federation of Radioamateurs and Radiosportsmen () is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Belarus. The organization uses BFRR as its acronym, based on the standard Romanization of the Belarusian name of the organization. The name of the organization reflects an early purpose of the organization: to support radiosport activities within Belarus. In additional to High Speed Telegraphy and Amateur Radio Direction Finding, BFRR now supports a wide variety of amateur radio activities. Key membership benefits of BFRR include the sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards and radio contests, and a QSL bureau for those members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries.
BFRR represents the interests of Belarusian amateur radio operators before Belarusian, European, and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. BFRR is the national member society representing Belarus in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18865028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865028" title="Bagata people">
Bagata people

The Bagata are a designated Scheduled Tribe in the Indian states of Andhra Pradesh and Odisha..
The Bagata mainly speak the Bagata language, written in the Bagata script, but they also speak Telugu and Oriya. The latter is mostly in a dialect known as Adivasi Oriya.
The Bagata are primarily Hindus.
In 1976 the Bagata had the highest rate of indebtedness of any of the scheduled tribes of Andhra Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="18865032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865032" title="Helicteres">
Helicteres

Helicteres is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Malvaceae, with 141 species.

</doc>
<doc id="18865067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865067" title="Membership of Kosovo in international sports federations">
Membership of Kosovo in international sports federations

Kosovo was a part of several international sports federations in the 1990s, and has applied to become a member of many more after its 17 February 2008 unilateral declaration of independence from Serbia. Serbia does not recognise the secession of Kosovo and considers it a United Nations-governed entity within its sovereign territory. Currently Kosovo federations are full members of 7 international federations, provisional members of 4 international federations, associated members of 2 international federations and members of 1 European federation.
Accepted membership applications.
The following sports federations have either admitted or have received the application from Republic of Kosovo to be admitted into their membership. 
Rejected membership applications.
International Olympic Committee.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) does not recognise the Olympic Committee of Kosovo, created in 1992. Although the president of the IOC's international relations commission announced on 17 February 2008 that the IOC was set to recognise Kosovo, on the following day an IOC spokesperson specified the requirements that Kosovo needs to meet before IOC recognition, most notably its recognition as an independent state by the United Nations.
Fédération Internationale de Football Association.
In October 2008, the Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) rejected the Football Federation of Kosovo's (FFK) application for affiliation, as it was deemed not to comply with article 10 of the FIFA statutes, which stipulates that only "an independent state recognised by the international community" may be admitted. As a result, Kosovo could not play any friendly FIFA matches, and many Kosovan footballers play for other national teams, notably Albania's.In November 2009, FIFA organised a meeting between Kosovan officials, Serbian football associations and FIFA vice-president Geoff Thompson, where practical issues were reportedly discussed, including the address to which letters about Kosovo football player transfers should be sent.In March 2011, FIFA President Sepp Blatter said Kosovo could not join the football family before it was recognised by the United Nations.However, on 22 May 2012, FIFA said that its 208 member countries could start playing friendly internationals against teams from Kosovo. Sepp Blatter said, "Kosovo has organised football, so I think it is a logical gesture and solidarity and this decision by the FIFA executive committee will accelerate the movement towards membership". On 25 May 2012, at the end of the FIFA Congress held in Budapest, Sepp Blatter spoke again on the issue of Kosovo and on allowing its clubs to play in international friendlies. He confirmed the "green light" given by the Executive Committee a few days ago, and that there is no turning back. He said this in rection to Serbian media speculation that FIFA had temporarily suspended its decision about the global recognition of Kosovan football. Blatter said that the decision on Kosovo will not return, while the next step will be the mode of implementation. Meanwhile, FIFA has invited into dialogue UEFA officials who were opposed to allowing Kosovo to play international friendlies. The meeting will be held on 31 May 2012 in Zurich, with a Serbian delegation present. Latest reports say that on the same day, UEFA will hold an emergency meeting at its headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland. On 21 December 2012 in meeting in Tokyo, FIFA's Executive Committee decided to allow FIFA member associations to play international friendly games with teams of the Football Federation of Kosovo, which is not a member of FIFA, the executive agreed to implement this decision immediately for youth, amateur, women’s and club football.
FIFA Emergency Committee confirms friendly matches involving clubs and representative teams of Kosovo.
Under article 83 of the FIFA Statutes, the FIFA Executive Committee has the right to authorise FIFA members to play matches against non-member associations, in this case the Football Federation of Kosovo (FFK).
Following various meetings that have taken place since 2012, the FIFA Emergency Committee has today, 13 January 2014, confirmed a set of modalities of friendly matches involving clubs and representative teams of Kosovo.
The proposal was submitted to the FIFA Emergency Committee following a meeting between the President of the Football Association of Serbia (FSS), Tomislav Karadzic, and the President of the FFK, Fadil Vokrri, held at the Home of FIFA on 10 January 2014, which was chaired by FIFA President Blatter.
The following modalities of friendly games involving clubs and representative teams of Kosovo have been approved and enter into force immediately: 
- FIFA member associations are allowed to play international friendly matches with clubs and representative teams of the FFK. 
- Clubs and representative teams of the FFK may not display national symbols (flags, emblems, etc.) or play national anthems. However, they are allowed to wear or display kit or equipment bearing the name 'Kosovo' as well as the symbol of a star of the size of the letter 'o' in the name 'Kosovo'. 
- Clubs and representative teams of the FFK may not play official or qualification matches while the FFK is not a member of FIFA. 
- Clubs and representative teams of the FFK may not play matches against clubs and representative teams of countries of the former Yugoslavia until further notice. 
- International friendly matches involving clubs and representative teams of the FFK may be played on the territory of Kosovo provided that FIFA is informed in writing at least 21 days before each match. FIFA will in turn inform the Football Association of Serbia. 
- Any breach of this agreement will be referred to FIFA and the agreement will automatically come to an end.
“The decision taken by the FIFA Emergency Committee represents a major boost for football development in Kosovo and it once again confirms the extraordinary power of our sport to bring people together,” said FIFA President Blatter.
Union of European Football Associations.
On 13 November 2008, Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) President Michel Platini said that Kosovo must become a UN member before being allowed into the UEFA or FIFA.
International Basketball Federation.
On 26 April 2008, the International Basketball Federation (FIBA) declined to admit the Basketball Federation of Kosova as a member because "Kosovo has not fulfilled all necessary conditions". FIBA and FIBA Europe sports directors Ľubomír Kotleba and Kosta Iliev subsequently visited Kosovo in order to prepare a report for the FIBA Central Board. Kotleba said that "FBK does not need to do anything more to get accepted. If you ask me if Kosovo should be admitted by FIBA, then I say yes. But I don't know when this will happen. The decision for the admission of Kosovo will be taken somewhere else". FBK subsequently reapplied for FIBA membership; its application to be reviewed at the FIBA Central Board meeting on 6–7 December 2008. At the meeting, it was decided that there were no grounds for FIBA to change its decision.
International Ski Federation.
On 30 May 2008, during the 46th International Ski Congress meeting in Cape Town, the International Ski Federation (FIS) decided Kosovo’s affiliation was dependent on its recognition by the UN and that "the meantime, participation of their skiers is permitted at FIS level and children’s races."
European Tennis Association.
On 24 February 2010, the European Tennis Association rejected a membership application by the Tennis Federation of Kosovo.

</doc>
<doc id="18865069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865069" title="HD 153221">
HD 153221

HD 153221 is a double or multiple star.

</doc>
<doc id="18865084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865084" title="Hamilton Historic District">
Hamilton Historic District

Hamilton Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18865087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865087" title="Berneuse">
Berneuse

The Berneuse (or "la Berneuse") is a mountain of the western Bernese Alps, above Leysin in the canton of Vaud. It lies on the range east of the Rhone valley, culminating at the Tour d'Aï.
Its summit (2,045 m) is a popular destination, hosting the "Kuklos", a revolving restaurant accessible by cable cabin from town. On a clear day, Lake Geneva is visible from this summit.

</doc>
<doc id="18865094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865094" title="Nathan Delfouneso">
Nathan Delfouneso

Nathan Abayomi Delfouneso (born 2 February 1991) is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Coventry City on loan from Aston Villa. Delfouneso has been a regular England youth international, having played over 50 matches at U16, U17, U19 and U21 levels.
Club career.
Aston Villa.
Born in Tyseley, Birmingham, Delfouneso – a product of the Aston Villa Academy – became a regular for both the club's reserve and academy teams in the 2006–07 season. He made his debut for the reserve team in March 2007, just a month after turning 16. Nathan Delfouneso's late winner helped Aston Villa to a 2–1 win against Portsmouth. In October 2007, he scored his first goal in a 1–1 draw with Reading. In February 2008, Delfouneso signed his first professional contract with Aston Villa, a few days after he was given the number 14 shirt for the first team – it was later reported in French magazine Onze Mondial, that the number was chosen due to Delfouneso's admiration of striker Thierry Henry. He also travelled with the squad for the game at Fulham, but missed out on the final 16. By the end of the 2007–08 season, Delfouneso had made 41 appearances for the Academy team, scoring 22 goals in the process.
Delfouneso made his competitive first-team début as a substitute in the away tie of the UEFA Cup second round match against Icelandic opponents FH Hafnarfjörður, this in turn made Delfouneso the youngest player to represent Aston Villa in European competition, at the age of 17 years and 195 days. He also came on in the second leg at Villa Park. He made his first competitive start in a UEFA Cup tie against MŠK Žilina, scoring with a stunning left-footed volley after just half an hour of his debut. He scored again in his second start on 17 December 2008, netting a consolation goal away at Hamburg.
Delfouneso made his first domestic senior appearance on 4 January 2009, in an FA Cup tie against Gillingham at Priestfield Stadium, which Villa won 2–1. He scored his first domestic senior goal a month later, on 4 February 2009 in an FA Cup fourth round replay against Doncaster Rovers at Villa Park, which Villa won 3–1. His performance was rewarded with high praise from boss Martin O'Neill.
On 16 February 2009, it was reported that Crystal Palace manager Neil Warnock was interested in taking Delfouneso to Selhurst Park on loan. Villa boss O'Neill refused, declaring that Warnock's chances of acquiring the striker were "not a prayer".
Delfouneso made his league debut against Tottenham Hotspur as a second half substitute for Gabriel Agbonlahor, on 15 March 2009. He was given a second run-out during Villa's 3–3 draw with Everton, creating two good chances for himself, but failed to score.
On 13 May 2009, Delfouneso marked an impressive debut season, as he picked up both Aston Villa Players Young Player of the Year and Aston Villa Supporters Young Player of the Year, at the annual end of season Awards Night. Delfouneso furthered this eight days later, as he netted the opening goal in a 3–1 victory over Sunderland in the Premier Reserve League final.
On 6 November 2009, Delfouneso signed a new two-and-a-half-year contract with Aston Villa keeping him at the club until the end of the 2011–12 season.
On 2 January 2010, Delfouneso was in the starting eleven for Aston Villa's third round FA Cup tie against Blackburn Rovers. In the game he scored his fourth senior goal for the club, which was his team's first goal in a 3–1 win. Delfouneso scored with his head, diverting an in-swinging Ashley Young cross just inside the opposition keeper's near right post from 10 yards. Shortly after the game, Villa boss Martin O'Neill admitted that Delfouneso along with fellow youngsters Marc Albrighton and Ciaran Clark were the subject of many loan offers from various other clubs. However, he went on to emphasise his confidence that the trio were good enough to remain as vital squad members on the fringes of Aston Villa's first team.
On 23 January 2010, Delfouneso scored the opening goal in the 5th minute in Villa's FA Cup 4th round tie against Brighton & Hove Albion. He was an unused substitute in the final of the League Cup, as Villa lost 2–1 to Manchester United at Wembley Stadium on 28 February. He scored his first league goal on 18 April, after coming off the bench against Portsmouth in a 2–1 victory at Fratton Park.
On 6 November 2010, Delfouneso started his first Premier League game against Fulham due to Emile Heskey, John Carew and Gabriel Agbonlahor being injured. He completed 88 minutes of the match which he substituted for Stephen Ireland, with the match ending as a 1–1 draw. On 10 November 2010, Delfouneso scored his second Premier League goal in a 3–2 win against Blackpool at Villa Park. On 21 November 2010, he made a substitute appearance against Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park, replacing Gabriel Agbonlahor on 78 minutes in a 2–0 defeat. On 27 November, he played in Villa's 4–2 loss to Arsenal at Villa Park. On 29 January 2011, in the FA Cup fourth round, Delfouneso played and scored with a header against Blackburn Rovers with the third goal in a 3–1 win. At the end of this campaign for Villa, he made 16 appearances and scored 2 goals for them in all competitions.
Loan to Burnley.
On 8 March 2011, Delfouneso signed for Burnley of the Football League Championship until the end of the season. He made his debut the same day, playing in an away match at Hull City's KC Stadium. Delfouneso scored past on-loan Aston Villa team-mate Brad Guzan just five minutes in to his first start for "The Clarets".
Return to Aston Villa.
In July 2011, he signed a new three-year contract with Aston Villa which will now run until summer 2014.
On Saturday 13 August 2011, Delfouneso was an unused substitute in Villa's opening 2011–12 Premier League fixture with Fulham at Craven Cottage in a 0–0 draw.
On 23 August 2011, he scored in the League Cup tie against Hereford helping Villa to win 2–0.
Loan to Leicester City.
On 23 January 2012, Delfouneso signed a one-month loan deal with Leiester City. He made 5 appearances for "the Foxes" all as a substitute but didn't manage to score a goal.
Loans to Blackpool.
On 31 August 2012 he signed a one year loan deal with Championship side Blackpool. He made his debut the following day as a 66th minute substitute in a 1–0 defeat to Leicester City at the King Power Stadium. He scored his first goals for the club on 18 September, scoring twice in a 4–1 win against Middlesbrough.
On 16 August 2013 is was confirmed that Delfouneso had re-signed on loan with Blackpool on a six month deal. He played 11 league games in his second spell at Blackpool before returning to his parent club on 2 January 2014.
Loan to Coventry City.
On 30 January 2014, Delfouneso joined Coventry City on loan for the remainder of the 2013–14 season.
International career.
On the international scene, Delfouneso first came to notice playing for the England U16 team – collecting eight caps and scoring three goals during this period, two were scored in the 2006 Victory Shield. In October 2007, Delfouneso marked his debut for the England U17 team with a hat-trick in a 6–0 victory over Malta.
Delfouneso made his debut for the England U19 team on 8 October 2008 in a UEFA Championship Qualifying tie against Albania. The striker came on as an 18th-minute substitute and netted the second goal in a comfortable 3–0 victory. He added another brace to his tally in the semi-final match against France to put England through to the final of the 2009 UEFA Under-19 Championship.
On 22 February 2010 Delfouneso received his first call up to the England under 21 squad, On 3 March 2010 he scored on his debut for the under 21 team against Greece in a 2–1 defeat.
Delfouneso was named in the final 18-man squad for the 2010 UEFA Under-19 Championship which took place in France.
Delfouneso scored his second U-21 international goal against Iceland at Deepdale in a 1–2 friendly defeat in March 2011.
He scored his third goal for the England under-21 team on 5 September 2011 in a 4–1 win against Israel at Oakwell.
Personal life.
Delfouneso's younger brother Emmitt plays for Conference National club Nuneaton Town.

</doc>
<doc id="18865096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865096" title="Zembly">
Zembly

Zembly (styled zembly) was a browser-based development environment from Sun Microsystems
that enabled social programming 
of applications for Facebook, Meebo, OpenSocial, iPhone web applications, and other social platforms, as well as web widgets. Users of zembly interacted with one another via zembly's social networking features to engage in co-development of applications for these platforms.
In addition to the development environment, the zembly platform, provided the ability to consume Web APIs (RESTful web services) in zembly applications as well as externally using the open source zembly client library (with language bindings for Java and JavaFx). This functionality provided a consistent programming model across various API providers.
Zembly combined features from traditional IDEs (such as a rich scripting editor) with wiki- and social-networking-based technologies to attempt to innovate on the application development paradigm for smaller-sized applications. Applications created at zembly were automatically and transparently deployed, hosted, and scaled on its underlying cloud computing infrastructure.
Architecture.
Zembly was run as a product within Sun Microsystems's cloud computing organization, with the hosting of the website and developer applications provided by Network.com's compute cloud. It was built on a stack consisting largely of Sun technologies, including Solaris 10, Java, the GlassFish application server, and MySQL. The software stack ran on a horizontally scaled cluster of Sun Fire T2000 ("Niagara") and X4500 ("Thumper") servers. In addition, zembly used Apache and memcached. Zembly had also incorporated (and contributed to) Mozilla Bespin.
Closure.
In November 2009 zembly announced that the site would be closed on 2009-11-30 and that "once the site is shutdown, all your applications and services on zembly will be unavailable".
Some Zembly developers have expressed frustration about Zembly abandoning them without even open-sourcing their code.

</doc>
<doc id="18865101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865101" title="Marián Kello">
Marián Kello

Marián Kello (born 5 September 1982) is a Slovakian international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. He is currently playing for Scottish Premiership club St. Mirren. Kello has previously played for 1. FC Košice, FC Vítkovice, FBK Kaunas, Heart of Midlothian, Astra Giurgiu, Wolverhampton Wanderers and has represented Slovakia.
Club career.
He began his career at Slovakian side 1. FC Košice in 2001, where he spent a year of his career before moving to Czech side, FC Vítkovice at the age of 19. After a four-year spell with Vítkovice, he moved to Lithuanian champions FBK Kaunas. He became first choice goalkeeper for Kaunas with his impressive displays against Scottish side, Rangers and Danish champions AaB Aalborg which helped earn him a move to Hearts.
Hearts.
On 14 August 2008 Kello joined Hearts on loan from Kaunas. He made his debut on 23 August 2008 in a 2–1 victory against St. Mirren at Tynecastle. He maintained his place in the team until the Edinburgh Derby on 19 October 2008 when he suffered a head injury in a clash with Hibs striker Colin Nish and had to be replaced by János Balogh at half-time. He subsequently lost his place in the team to the Hungarian and made only two further appearances before the split. He returned to the team for Hearts' final six games of the season and conceded only three goals as the "Jambos" secured third place in the league and a place in the inaugural UEFA Europa League.
On 2 August 2010, Hearts announced he had signed a two year deal with the club, after his contract at FBK Kaunas expired. The 2009–10 season saw Kello entrenched in a three-way battle to be first-choice goalkeeper with Balogh and Jamie MacDonald with Balogh narrowly making the most appearance over the course of the season.
He went on to establish himself as Hearts' first-choice goalkeeper during the 2010–11 season. On 2 October 2010 Kello turned in a heroic performance against Rangers only for Hearts to succumb to a stoppage time goal from Steven Naismith in a 2–1 loss at Tynecastle. His save to deny Steven Davis in this match was voted Save of the Season at the SPL end of season awards.
On 20 November Kello paid tribute to legendary Hearts goalkeeper Jim Cruickshank, who had died two days earlier, by tying a goalkeeper shirt with Cruickshank's name and number printed on the back in the net of his goal. Hearts defeated Hamilton 2–0 with Kello saving a penalty. After the match manager Jim Jefferies praised Kello saying "Jim Cruickshank was a great penalty saver. How fitting is it that Marian comes out with the jersey and makes a fantastic save from a penalty on the day we paid our respects to him?" He once again produced his best form against Rangers as he made a string of saves to keep a clean sheet in a 1–0 victory at Tynecastle which saw Hearts keep pace with the Old Firm at the summit of the table. His impressive form continued as he saved a stoppage time penalty from David Goodwillie to preserve a 2–1 win against Dundee United as Hearts extended their lead in third place in the league. This along with other impressive performances saw him awarded the SPL Player of the Month award for February 2011.
He picked up three awards at Hearts' end of season awards winning the Hearts' Player of the Season, Save of the Season and Fans' Player of the Season awards.
Following the dismissal of Jefferies as manager at the start of the 2011–12 season and appointment of Paulo Sérgio Kello continued as first-choice goalkeeper. On 31 January 2011, the last day of the winter transfer window, it was rumoured that Hearts had agreed a deal with Austria Wien for Kello only for him to turn down the transfer. He missed the Scottish Cup tie against St. Johnstone the following weekend, it was originally reported his absence was due to a back injury. However after the match manager Paulo Sérgio revealed that the goalkeeper's exclusion was "a political thing" and that he was instructed to drop him. Two days later Kello confirmed that he had turned down the Austria Wien transfer and that Celtic had also expressed an interest in him. With his contract set to expire in June 2012 he also revealed that he would not be signing a new contract with Hearts thus confirming that he would depart the club at the end of the season.
With interest from Aston Villa and other English clubs to sign a pre-contract agreement, on 5 April 2012 Kello agreed to an early termination to his Hearts contract. After being released by the club Kello joined Ipswich Town on trial. He featured in two pre-season frendlies as a trialist but, despite impressing manager Paul Jewell, a permanent move was ruled out. He then joined Wolverhampton Wanderers on trial and played the full match in a pre-season friendly against AFC Telford United in a 2-0 victory but again no permanent deal was agreed.
Astra Giurgiu.
Kello joined Romanian Liga I club Astra Giurgiu after having a trial for ten days He made his debut for the club on 5 October 2012 in a 1-1 home draw with FC Vaslui. With Romanian international Silviu Lung Jr. firmly established as first-choice goalkeeper Kello made only two appearances before being released by the club in December.
Wolves.
On 28 March 2013 Kello signed for English Championship club Wolverhampton Wanderers in a short-term deal until the end of the 2012–13 season as cover for their injured goalkeepers Wayne Hennessey and Carl Ikeme. The club however also recalled youth goalkeeper Aaron McCarey who instead acted as substitute goalkeeper for the remainder of the season as the team unsuccessfully battled relegation.
St. Mirren.
Kello signed a short term contract with Scottish Premiership club St. Mirren in October 2013. 
He made his debut for the club on October 26th against Dundee United at Tannadice Park, a game that finished 4-0 to the home side. After the match, Manager Danny Lennon quoted on his debut: ""I felt sorry for Marian Kello in goal for us on his debut but he actually made some good saves so it's just a case of trying to forget about this one."" The next match on 9 November 2013, Kello get his first clean sheet in a 3-0 victory over Partick Thistle. Since a 3-0 win over Partick Thistle, Kello would add two more clean sheets in the league and would established himself as a first choice goalkeeper for the club. Manager Lennon expressed interest to extend Kello contract to stay at the club.
On 31st December 2013, it was announced that Marian had extended his deal to stay at St Mirren, until at least the summer of 2014.
International career.
Kello's impressive form for Hearts in early 2011 saw him called up to the Slovakia squad and he made his international debut on 9 February 2011, as a substitute against Luxembourg in a 2–1 defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="18865116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865116" title="Gil Torres">
Gil Torres

Don Gilberto Torres Núñez (August 23, 1915 – January 10, 1983) was a Cuban professional baseball player who appeared in 346 games in the Major Leagues for the and – Washington Senators. The native of Regla, Cuba, was a shortstop and third baseman who stood tall and weighed . He threw and batted right-handed.
Torres' professional career extended for 21 seasons (1935–1955), and he played almost 1,350 games in minor league baseball. He was the Senators' starting third baseman in 1944 and their starting shortstop in , the final two seasons of the World War II manpower shortage in baseball. His 320 MLB hits included 40 doubles and 11 triples.
He was the son of Ricardo Torres, a catcher and first baseman in professional baseball who played in 22 games for the Senators between 1920–1922.

</doc>
<doc id="18865117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865117" title="Kansas Traditional Republican Majority">
Kansas Traditional Republican Majority

The Kansas Traditional Republican Majority (KTRM) is a political action committee founded in 2005 that supports more state government programs (especially education) and moderate social policies. It is connected to the Republican Main Street Partnership. Becky Johnson chairs the group.
KTRM's website states, "Our Republican Party must be a model that not only claims the mantle of Abraham Lincoln, Ronald Reagan, Dwight D. Eisenhower, and Nancy Kassebaum, but that is also willing to embody their values."
KTRM is notable for opposing the conservative Republican members of the state school board who wanted to introduce the teaching of Creationism or Intelligent Design at various times in 2005 and 2006. 
One of the first newspapers articles about KTRM said their purpose was to disempower the far right. Charlotte Esau, a leading conservative at that time, said ""Based on what I've seen so far, this is not a Republican group. It's a liberal front group for Democrats who want to pretend they are Republicans so they can hoodwink the voters into electing candidates who will talk Republican before the election and vote Democrat once in office.""
KTRM representing Kansas moderates says they attempt to move the Kansas Republican Party to the political center. Moderates object to being labeled as RINO'S. 
Conservatives say KTRM is attempting to move the Kansas Republican Party to the left.
Conservatives say KTRM is a liberal group since KTRM has shared major donors with the Kansas Democratic Party. A political profile of KTRM members shows their help to Kansas Democrats, including Gov. Kathleen Sebelius.
KTRM has received much support from former Kansas Senator and 1996 Presidential Candidate Bob Dole.
KTRM has joined with so-called moderate GOP groups such as the Republican Main Street Partnership and Republicans for Environmental Protection. Conservatives label these groups as liberal.
In the August 2012 Republican primary KTRM was a major recipient of funds from the leadership PAC, Senate Republican Leadership Committee PAC, controlled by moderate Kansas Senate President Stephen Morris. A former KTRM treasurer and executive director was a key player in other PACs receiving funds directly or indirectly from the Senate Republican Leadership PAC.

</doc>
<doc id="18865118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865118" title="History of Chuvashia">
History of Chuvashia

Early history.
The first inhabitants to leave traces in the area later known as Chuvashia were of the Finno-Ugric Comb Ceramic Culture. Later, people of the Indo-European Battle Axe Culture moved into the area and established several villages. These two peoples assimilated to become the Hillfort Culture of the Middle Volga Area. They had strong economic and linguistic ties with southern steppe peoples like the Scythians and Sarmatians.
The ancestors of the Chuvash were Turkic Bulgars and Suars residing in the Northern Caucasus in the 5th to 8th centuries (after having been driven from the Pannonian Basin following the death of their greatest leader, Attila). In the 7th and 8th centuries, a part of the Bulgars left for the Balkans, where, together with local Slavs, they established the state of modern Bulgaria. Another part moved to the Middle Volga Region (see Volga Bulgaria), where the Bulgar population that did not adopt Islam formed part of the ethnic foundation of the Chuvash people.
During the Mongol invasion of Volga Bulgaria, the steppe-dwelling Suar migrated north, where Finnic tribes, such as the Mordvins and Mari lived. The Chuvash claim to be descendants of these Suars who assimilated with the Mari.
They became vassals of the Golden Horde in 1242, after a bloody uprising which the Mongols brutally suppressed with an army of 40,000 warriors. Later Mongol and Tatar rulers did not intervene in local internal affairs as long as the annual tribute was paid to Sarai. The Tokhtamysh–Timur war (1361–1395) devastated 80% of the Suar people. When the power of the Golden Horde began to diminish, the local Mişär Tatar Murzas from Piana and Temnikov tried to rule the Chuvash area.
Russian Empire.
During Ivan the Terrible's war of conquest against the Khanate of Kazan, in August 1552, the Chuvash Orsai and Mari Akpar Tokari princes swore their loyalty to the Grand Duchy of Muscovy at Alatyr on the Suvarley River. This ended nearly 120 years under the rule of the Khanate of Kazan. In return, Ivan promised to honor all historic land rights of the Chuvash and Maris on both sides of the Volga River from the Kerzhenets to the Sviyaga River. In addition, Ivan ordered a five-year period freedom from tribute for the Chuvash and Mari leaders. The Chuvash provided 15,000 soldiers and the Mari 10,000 to Ivan's army for the final attack against Kazan, giving the Muscovites a force of 100,000 against the Khanate's 30,000 Nogai Tatars defending the fortified city.
Disappointed by Russian rule, a portion of the Chuvash population rebelled and joined with the Mari during the Kazan War of 1552–1594. During the Time of Troubles, they joined the troops of the False Dmitri.
Within the Russian Empire, the territory of modern Chuvashia was divided into two administrative districts: the northern part under the Kazan Governorate and the southern part under the Simbirsk Governorate. The border ran roughly from Kurmish to Buinsk.
The Chuvash and Mari joined the Stenka Razin and Pugachev rebellions in 1667–1671 and 1773–1775 respectively, when the Volga area from Astrakhan to Nizhni Novgorod was in open revolt. During these years, many Chuvash escaped east to the southern Urals.
Between 1650 and 1850, the Russian Orthodox Church sent Chuvash-speaking missionaries to try to convert the Chuvash to the Orthodox faith. A group of these missionaries created a written Chuvash language. The first Chuvash grammar was published in 1769. Chuvash had earlier been written with a Runic script or the Arabic alphabet. A revised Cyrillic alphabet for Chuvash was first introduced in 1873 by Ivan Yakovlevich Yakovlev. The Latin alphabet has been used as well, though there is no standard transcription. Most of the Chuvash who stayed in the area became Orthodox Christians, but some remained pagan.
A number of Russian noble families received large estates in the Chuvash lands as reward for their services to the Tsar. The formerly independent landowning Chuvash peasants became serfs to rich Russian landowners. Russian became the official language. Few attempts were made to provide primary education in the Chuvash language, and all higher education was in Russian.
After Alexander II abolished serfdom, many land-hungry Chuvash peasants moved to other areas in Russia to seek their own land. Between 1860 and 1914, nearly half of the Chuvash population left their home areas. The final wave of migration occurred during the Stolypin agrarian reforms.
Soviet Union.
During the 19th and early 20th century, national feelings started to grow among the Chuvash intelligentsia. They connected with other minority pro-independence movements in the middle Volga area. Marxist ideology gained popularity among the poorest peasants and industrial workers. On May 15, 1917, the Chuvash joined the Idel-Ural Movement and in December 1917 joined the short-lived Idel-Ural State, when an agreement was reached with Tatar representatives to draw the eastern border of Chuvashia at the Sviyaga River.
The Chuvash promised to respect the Islamic Tatars' religion and grant them local and cultural autonomy inside the League of Idel Ural States. The southern border with the Mordvins was set along the Sura River, with equal rights guaranteed to the Chuvash living west of the Sura. In the south, the border went along the Barysh, Bolshoi Akla and Tsilna Rivers between the Sura and Sviyaga. In the north, there was a dispute with representatives of the Mari-populated Tsykma (Kozmodemyansk) and other areas in Chuvashia.
In 1918–1919, the Russian Civil War encompassed the area. This ended with victory for the Bolsheviks, who were mainly ethnic Russians, with strong support from Nizhny Novgorod troops. The local Chuvash independence-minded politicians were executed by the Bolsheviks.
To gain support from the local population, Lenin ordered the creation of a Chuvash state within the Russian SFSR. On June 24, 1920, the Chuvash Autonomous Oblast was formed, which was transformed into the Chuvash ASSR in April 1925.
The 1930–1931 Communist campaign against the rich kulak peasant class, which resulted in their deportation to Gulag prison camps and the elimination of independent peasant farms, hit the Chuvash ASSR's agricultural production hard. The Great Purge in 1936–1938 dealt a great blow to the Chuvash intelligentsia; many were shot or deported to prison camps. Most of the local Chuvash teachers were shot, making it difficult to teach Chuvash, as the Russian replacements did not know the language. Ethnic Russians kept control of the area, and the Russification of the Chuvash and Mari peoples intensified.
From 1930 to 1940, a shift from mainly agriculture to industry was initiated. By 1940, the Chuvash ASSR produced 35,000,000 kWh of electricity, 848,000 m2 raw timber, 369,000 m2 sawn timber, 40,000 m cotton cloth, 200,000 pairs of hosiery, 184,000 pairs of leather footwear, and 600 tons of animal fats.
According to an order dated May 28, 1940 by the Central Committee of Communist Party, 20,000 Kolkhoz peasant families of Belorussian, Chuvash, Mordvin and Tatar origin were transferred to the "New districts of the Leningrad Oblast and the Karelian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic", recently conquered in the Soviet-Finnish war. In 1941, another 20,000 families followed, each family averaging five persons. Lavrentiy Beria even suggested to transfer the entire Chuvash population from Chuvashia to Karelia to form a population security belt "against the Finnish Fascists".
During the Great Patriotic War and the postwar industrialization period, more and more Russians moved to the expanding towns of Chuvashia. The rural population remained mostly agriculturally oriented Chuvashians and Kuruk Maris. In the south of the republic, Russians and other minorities, such as Ukrainians, moved in to work in the newly created Chuvash Forest Industry Combinate.
In 1964, the Chuvash ASSR produced 350,000,000 kWh electricity, 1,073,000 m2 raw timber, 760,000 m2 sawn timber, 113,100,000 m cotton cloth, 28,800,000 pairs of hosiery, 1,800,000 pairs of leather footwear, and 3,200 tons of animal fats.
On January 1, 1966, the population of the Chuvash ASSR was 1,178,000.
In 1990, the republic was renamed the Chuvash Soviet Socialist Republic.
Post-Soviet period.
In 1992, it was given its present name.
The Chuvash Republic is an autonomous republic within the Russian Federation. As a republic, the region has greater sovereignty than other areas of Russia in determining local policies and procedures. Nikolay Vasilyevich Fyodorov, a former minister of justice of the Russian Federation, was elected the first President of the Chuvash Republic in 1994. He has a reputation as a pro-market reformer and has pressed the region to establish closer economic ties with other countries. He has also encouraged the growth of small businesses. The mayor of Cheboksary, Anatoly Igumnov, is also eager to work with international companies. Both republic and city governments have departments of foreign economic relations to work with foreign businesspeople.
As of 2011, the President of the Republic is Mikhail Ignatyev.

</doc>
<doc id="18865119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865119" title="Gaston Jean Baptiste de Renty">
Gaston Jean Baptiste de Renty

Gaston Jean Baptiste de Renty (born 1611 at the castle of Beni, Diocese of Bayeux in Normandy; died 24 April 1649) was a French aristocrat and philanthropist. He ruled the Compagnie du Saint-Sacrement (Company of the Blessed Sacrament) between 1639 and 1649, and was under the influence of the French Oratorians, through his confessor Paul de Condren.
Life.
The only son of Charles, Baron de Renty, and Elisabeth de Pastoureau, Gaston studied at the Collège de Navarre in Paris, with the Jesuits at Caen, and finished at the age of seventeen at the College of the Nobles in Paris. He wrote several treatises on mathematics, in which he excelled. 
The reading of the "Imitation of Christ" aroused the desire to become a Carthusian, but obeying the wish of his parents, he married. In 1638 he abandoned public life and devoted himself to the service of the needy and suffering. Struck by the ignorance, in religious matters, of travellers at the Hospital of St. Gervaise in Paris, he gave them catechetical instructions and induced others to do likewise. In the course of his charitable works he made the acquaintance of Henry Michael Buch (b. 1590 in the Duchy of Luxembourg; d. 9 June 1666 at Paris; surnamed der gute Heinrich) and induced him to found a congregation of shoemakers and tailors, Frères Cordonniers. They worked at their trade, divided their earnings with the poor and performed special acts of devotion prescribed by the pastor of St. Paul's. 
The statutes were approved by the Archbishop of Paris, Jean Francis de Gondi. After his death, Renty's body was brought to Citri in the Diocese of Soissons. When the coffin was opened nine years later his body was found intact. The bishop ordered it placed in a marble tomb behind the high altar. Throughout his career at court, in the army, and in politics he merited the esteem of all, and took an active part in public good works.

</doc>
<doc id="18865131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865131" title="Lahıc">
Lahıc

Lahıc may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18865141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865141" title="Xanəgah, Ismailli">
Xanəgah, Ismailli

Xanəgah (also, Xanagah, Khanaga, Khanagyakh, and Khanegya) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 505. 

</doc>
<doc id="18865149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865149" title="Əhən">
Əhən

Əhən (also, Agan and Akhan) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 573. The municipality consists of the villages of Əhən, Duvaryan, and Ximran.

</doc>
<doc id="18865152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865152" title="Müdrəsə">
Müdrəsə

Müdrəsə (also, Mədrəsə, Müdrusə, Myudresa, and Myudryuse) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 157. The municipality consists of the villages of Müdrəsə and Pirəqanım.

</doc>
<doc id="18865155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865155" title="Ximran">
Ximran

Ximran (also, Xımran, Khimran, and Khirman) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Əhən.

</doc>
<doc id="18865158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865158" title="Müdri">
Müdri

Müdri (also, Myudri and Myudry) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 220. The municipality consists of the villages of Müdri and Nanıc.

</doc>
<doc id="18865161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865161" title="Topçu">
Topçu

Topçu (also, Topchi, Topchu, and Torchu) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,431. 

</doc>
<doc id="18865162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865162" title="Qurbanəfəndi">
Qurbanəfəndi

Qurbanəfəndi (also, Kurbanefeidili, Kurbanefendi, and Kurbanefendili) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,041. 

</doc>
<doc id="18865169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865169" title="Vaşa">
Vaşa

Vaşa (also, Vasha and Vosha) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 165. 

</doc>
<doc id="18865170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865170" title="Həftəsov">
Həftəsov

Həftəsov (also, Hərtəsov, Gaftasiab, Gaftasiyab, and Gaftasov) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 71. 

</doc>
<doc id="18865174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865174" title="Nanıc">
Nanıc

Nanıc (also, Kanyl’ and Nanuch) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Müdri.

</doc>
<doc id="18865178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865178" title="Sumağallı">
Sumağallı

Sumağallı (also, Sumaqallı, Sumagally, and Sumakhly) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 734.

</doc>
<doc id="18865179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865179" title="Charles Anthony Schott">
Charles Anthony Schott

Charles Anthony Schott (* August 7, 1826 in Mannheim; † July 31, 1901 in Washington, D.C.) was a German-American scientist.
Charles Anthony Schott was born at Mannheim, Baden, Germany. In 1847 he was graduated from the Polytechnic School, at Karlsruhe. The following year he came to America and entered the Coast and Geodetic Survey. In 1853 he received his naturalization papers as an American citizen, and in 1856 he was promoted to the grade of an assistant in the service. Mr. Schott was a member of the Government parties that observed the total eclipse of the sun in August, 1869, at Springfield, Illinois, and at Catania, Sicily, in December, 1870.
In 1898 he was a delegate to the International Conference on Terrestrial Magnetism, which was held at Bristol, England. Mr. Schott was a member of many scientific societies, among them the National Academy of Sciences, Washington Academy of Sciences, and the American Association for the Advancement of Science. He was also the author of many papers on hydrography, geodesy, tides, and meteorology, and physics of the globe in Smithsonian Institution publications. The French Academy conferred on him its highest honor – a medal for his researches in terrestrial magnetism.

</doc>
<doc id="18865181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865181" title="Northwest Mall">
Northwest Mall

Northwest Mall is a shopping mall located in Northwest Houston, Texas near the intersection of U.S. Route 290 and Loop 610. The mall opened in 1968 along with Almeda Mall, located on the south side of Houston. The malls, at one time, were near identical twins of one another. 
The mall has in leasable space.
History.
The mall was once home, in a free-standing pad site outside the main property, to AMC Northwest 4 theatres. AMC Northwest 4 was one of the first multi-screen theatres built in Houston, Texas. 
Upon opening, J. C. Penney owned their location and near-by parking, Foley's (now Macy's) owned their own location and near-by parking, and the remainder of the property was owned by the mall itself. This caused the land to be owned by three owners. In 2000, JC Penney closed their Northwest Mall location which has sat vacant until Thompson's Antique Center moved into the space in 2012. SRO sports bar, which had relocated to Northwest Mall in the summer of 2001, announced its closing Feb. 2013.
In 2006, the mall was about 64% occupied. During that year Glimcher Realty Trust put the mall up for sale, along with the Almeda Mall.
In 2007, Levcor Inc purchased the main mall, giving them approximately 80% ownership of the property with only Macy's having its own independent owner.
Hurricane Ike.
Due to recent storm damage caused by Hurricane Ike Bath and Body Works has permanently closed their location at Northwest Mall and Macy's took substantial damage. Macy's has not removed any signage from the store, nor has it been removed from the mall's official website; it has been removed from Macy's official website.
Redevelopment.
The Mall, owned by Houston-based Levcor, is in the early planning stages of a redevelopment; but due to the planned city re-development of nearby Hempstead Highway, the shopping center is waiting to see what land they could potentially lose to eminent domain before proceeding.

</doc>
<doc id="18865182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865182" title="Burovdal">
Burovdal

Burovdal (also, Bruydal and Buravdal) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 204. 

</doc>
<doc id="18865184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865184" title="Qalacıq, Ismailli">
Qalacıq, Ismailli

Qalacıq (also, Kaladzhik and Kaladzhyk) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,752. 

</doc>
<doc id="18865188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865188" title="Düylündizə">
Düylündizə

Düylündizə (also, Dyuylyundiza and Dyuglyun-diza) is a village in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18865192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865192" title="Bagyrsag">
Bagyrsag

Bagyrsag (also, Bagyrsakh) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18865194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865194" title="Xoləzəy Alxaslı">
Xoləzəy Alxaslı

Xoləzəy Alxaslı (also, Kholazey Alkhasly) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18865197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865197" title="Damğalı">
Damğalı

Damğalı (also, T’bghlu, T’blghu, Tbghlou, and Tbyglu) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18865207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865207" title="Kalatalıq">
Kalatalıq

Kalatalıq (also, Kalafalyk) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18865210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865210" title="Çovdar, Kalbajar">
Çovdar, Kalbajar

Çovdar (also, Chovdar) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18865216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865216" title="Franciszek Smuda">
Franciszek Smuda

Franciszek Smuda (, born 22 June 1948) is a Polish football coach and former footballer who also holds a German passport. As a player he spent his career playing for clubs in Poland, the United States and Germany. In 1983, he turned to coaching, becoming the manager of Widzew Łódź, Wisła Kraków, Legia Warsaw and Lech Poznań, among others. He has won three Polish league titles. Since 2009 he was the manager of the Poland national football team, but resigned on 16 June 2012, following their elimination from Euro 2012.
Early life.
Smuda was born in Lubomia, Wodzisław County, Poland, as a son of Gerard, a railway worker, and Marta.
Playing career.
As a player, he played as a defender. He began his career at Unia Racibórz and later played for Odra Wodzisław Śląski. He got his debut in the Ekstraklasa playing for Stal Mielec during the 1970–71 season. He also played for Piast Gliwice, followed by a short spell at Vistula Garfield in the USA. He also participated in the NASL Hartford Bi-Centennials. In 1975 Smuda returned to Poland to play for Legia Warsaw. In 1978, he returned to the USA again to play for three other NASL clubs. He finished his career as a player in Germany then shortly after becoming a manager.
Coaching career.
He began his coaching career successfully in the lower leagues in Germany. During the late 1980s, he was appointed as a manager in Turkey. He coached Altay Izmir and Konyaspor for a total of four years. In 1993, Smuda returned to Poland to help save Stal Mielec from relegation. During the seasons in Mielec, he managed to maintain the team in the Ekstraklasa.
Widzew Łódź.
In May 1995, he was appointed as the manager of Widzew Łódź and finished in second place behind Legia Warsaw in the 1994–95 season. The following season, Smuda managed not losing a single game in the league. The 1995–96 season was another successful one with Widzew's Marek Koniarek scoring the most goals in the league at 29. Widzew qualified for the UEFA Champions League competition for the 1996–97 season. Smuda managed the team to eliminate the Danish champions, Brøndby IF and advanced to the Group Stage. Widzew were drawn into a group containing Atlético Madrid, Borussia Dortmund and Steaua Bucharest. Widzew finished the group in third place. The team from Łódź were able to repeat their feat of winning the Ekstraklasa again. The next season was not as promising as Widzew's management sold some of their key players and were eliminated in the qualifying phases of the Champions League. Widzew finished in 4th place that year and were unable to qualify for any European competitions. Shortly thereafter, Smuda moved to Wisła Kraków where he had much success.
Wisła Kraków.
Smuda was appointed as the manager of Wisła Kraków after the 1997–98 season. His goal was to build a team that would be not only be successful in Poland but also in European cups. Smuda won the Polish League the following season, however, Wisła was ejected from European tournaments due to a fan throwing a knife at Dino Baggio during a UEFA Cup match against Parma F.C. In September 1999, Smuda was dismissed as manager of Wisła after team's first defeat in the 1997–98 season.
Legia Warsaw.
After leaving Wisła in September 1999, Smuda was hired as manager of Legia Warsaw replacing Dariusz Kubicki. However, he did not win any trophies, nor qualify for any European competitions. After a 0–4 defeat by Zagłębie Lubin in March 2001, Smuda was sacked.
Return to Wisła Kraków.
In June 2001, Smuda was re-hired as a coach of Ekstraklasa champions Wisła Kraków. He failed to defeat FC Barcelona in the third qualifying round of the UEFA Champions League. After losing two league matches to Polonia Warsaw and Legia Warsaw in March 2002, he was replaced by Henryk Kasperczak.
Other clubs (2002–2006).
Subsequently Smuda managed Widzew Łódź, Piotrcovia Piotrków Trybunalski as well as the Cypriot team Omonia. Since 2004 he has been coaching Odra Wodzisław, successfully helped the side stave off relegation. A year later he finished third in the league with Zagłębie Lubin earning a spot in the UEFA Cup for the 2006–07 season.
Lech Poznań.
In May 2006, Smuda was hired as the manager of Lech Poznań following the club's merger with Amica Wronki. He led the club to a sixth place finish in the 2006–07 season and fourth the following season. He also qualified for 2008–09 UEFA Cup Round of 32 with Lech Poznań. In 2008–09 Ekstraklasa season, Lech Poznań managed to reach the top of the league table by the winter break, but a series of draws during the spring round resulted in a third place finish at the end of the season. His contract with the club was not extended.
Zagłębie Lubin.
After several seasons with Lech Poznań, he returned to Zagłębie Lubin in September 2009.
Poland national football team.
On 29 October 2009, he was chosen as the new manager of the Poland national football team. After a disappointing UEFA Euro 2012 tournament in which the Poland national football team finished last in their group below Russia, Greece & Czech Republic, Franciszek Smuda left his post as manager directly after the final defeat of the campaign.
Personal life.
Smuda is married to Małgorzata.

</doc>
<doc id="18865221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865221" title="Robert T. Brown Nature Sanctuary">
Robert T. Brown Nature Sanctuary

Robert T. Brown Nature Sanctuary is a sanctuary located in Houghton County, Michigan. It is maintained and preserved by the Michigan Nature Association, which is a non-profit organization dedicated to protecting Michigan's exceptional natural habitats and extraordinary plants and animals.
History.
The late Dr. Robert Thorson Brown (1923–2002), for whom the sanctuary is named, was Professor of Biological Sciences at Michigan Technological University until his retirement in 1983. He loved plants and the natural world that supports them. He was an expert in the identification of plants, mushrooms and lichens, which his research involved. He enjoyed teaching the complex interactions between organisms and often took his students on many field trips. Shortly before he died, Dr. Brown assisted in the selection of the site which is now the Robert T. Brown Nature Sanctuary.
About the Sanctuary.
The Brown Sanctuary is a northern wetland surrounded by a small pond and bordered by a black spruce, tamarack, and white cedar swamp. Several shrubs can be found in the sanctuary, including leather leaf, bog-rosemary, Labrador tea, and both small and large cranberry. Several species of orchids are also found here.
Many carnivorous plants can be found in this fen, such as pitcher plant, round leaved sundew, and hidden fruited bladderwort. These unique plants capture and digest insects and other food to obtain the necessary nutrients. 
References.
http://www.michigannature.org

</doc>
<doc id="18865247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865247" title="L'Algérino">
L'Algérino

Samir Djourhlel (born 2 May 1981 in Marseille, France), more commonly known as L'Algérino, is a French rapper of Algerian descent whose family came from Khenchela, Algeria. He is signed to Sinik's Six-O-Nine (609) label.
Career.
L'Algerino grew up in Felix Pyat, a difficult neighborhood of Marseille. L'Algerino was introduced to rap at a very young age listening to Suprême NTM and IAM in the northern districts of Marseille. L'algerino has one brother named Aimene. He started rapping at the age of 11 and quickly began releasing mixtapes and appearing in local concerts. He had brief stints with groups "B-Vice Junior" and "45 Niggaz", releasing independent albums with both of them. He officially made a name for himself when he appeared on Psy 4 de la Rime's album "Block Party", and then on Akhenaton's "Black Album". He would later go on tour with IAM.
He releasing his debut album titled "Les derniers seront les premiers" in 2005 on the 361 Recordz label. After relative success of his debut album, released in 2007 "Mentalité pirate" which gained fame, through tracks like "L'Envie de vaincre", "Fleur fanée", "Johnny Hama" and the sentimental "Entre deux flammes".
On 29 March 2010, he released his third album "Effet miroir". The hit single "Sur la tête de ma mère" became a huge success for the artist.

</doc>
<doc id="18865249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865249" title="1974–75 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1974–75 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1974–75 campaign saw Town relegated to the 4th Division for the first time in the club's history. Following Ian Greaves' resignation at the end of the previous season, Bobby Collins took charge at Leeds Road, but couldn't stop Town's alarming slide to Division 4. Town finished bottom of the table, 6 points from safety and 5 points from 2nd bottom team Watford.
Review.
Following Ian Greaves' resignation at the end of the previous season, Town hired ex-Leeds United player and Scotland international Bobby Collins in his first managerial post. Following mid-table mediocrity the previous season, Town were hoping for a good start to mount a serious promotion challenge. But the start of the season saw Town lose 6 of their opening 8 league games. They then went on a 6-match unbeaten run, but that would be as good as it got for Town for the rest of the season. Even the 17 goals of Alan Gowling, the top scorer from the previous 2 seasons couldn't help Town's alarming slide.
In January 1975, ex-manager Tom Johnston was brought in as General Manager to help his fellow countryman, but even he couldn't change Town's fortunes as the team only won 4 out of their 22 games in 1975. Therefore, Town got relegated to Division 4 for the first time in their history. They also became the first team to win the 1st Division and play in the bottom tier of the Football League. They finished 24th with only 32 points, 5 behind Watford and Tranmere Rovers. 33 different players were used during the season, a record that would stand until the 1996–97 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18865257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865257" title="Explosion crater">
Explosion crater

A crater is formed by an explosive event through the displacement and ejection of material from the ground. It is typically bowl-shaped. High pressure gas and pressure waves are responsible for the creation of the crater by three processes
and two processes partially fill it back in
The relative importance of the five processes varies depending on the height above or depth below the ground surface at which the explosion occurs, and the material composing the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="18865295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865295" title="Todor Stoykov">
Todor Stoykov

Todor Stoykov (born 3 March 1977 in Varna) is a Bulgarian retired professional basketball player, who played for Cherno More, Cordivari Roseto, Scafati Basket, Valencia BC and Lukoil Academic. At 1.98 m, his position was shooting guard/small forward. He was also a member of the Bulgarian national basketball team, before retiring in 2009.
Professional career.
While playing with PBC Lukoil Academic, he is the all-time Leader of the ULEB Cup in total points scored (1102), assists (190), three-pointers made (169), minutes played (2364), fouls against (305) and also in total Index Rating (914). Stoykov also ranks third in free-throws made (326).
Stoykov announced his retirement at the end of the 2012–13 season. He was honored by the Lukoil Academic by becoming the first player in team history to have his number retired by the team; his #15 was raised to the rafters.

</doc>
<doc id="18865305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865305" title="USS Sharps (AG-139)">
USS Sharps (AG-139)

USS "Sharps" (AG-139/AKL-10) was a "Camano"-class cargo ship constructed for the U.S. Army as USA "FS-385" shortly before the end of World War II and later acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1947. She was configured as a transport and cargo ship and was assigned to serve the World War II Trust Territories in the Pacific Ocean. She later served with distinction in the Korean War.
Constructed in Decatur, Alabama.
"Sharps" (AG-139) was built in 1944 by Ingalls Shipbuilding Corp., Decatur, Alabama; operated by the U.S. Army as a freight supply ship (USA "FS-385") in the Pacific Ocean until being transferred to the Navy at Guam in March 1947. She was converted to Navy use and commissioned there on 3 August 1947.
Trust territory service.
One of a group of small Army cargo ships transferred to the Navy for use among the Pacific islands, "Sharps" provided logistic support to the Trust Territories of the Marshall Islands and the Caroline Islands. 
In August 1949, "Sharps" sailed to Pearl Harbor for an overhaul. From there, she steamed to American Samoa. She arrived there on 4 November 1949 and served as station ship for the next 10 months. She returned to Pearl Harbor and served as an ammunition disposal ship until she was overhauled in late 1951.
Korean War service.
When the yard work was completed, "Sharps" stood out of Pearl Harbor and sailed for Sasebo, Japan. She operated out of that port from 3 November 1951 until 17 May 1952, supporting the United Nations' forces in Inchon and Pohang, Korea. "Sharps" returned to Guam and central Pacific operations until her home port was again changed to Sasebo on 9 August 1954. She operated in Japanese waters until November 1955 when she sailed for Pearl Harbor, en route to the United States.
Post-war decommissioning.
"Sharps" arrived at Astoria, Oregon, on 13 December 1955. In March 1956, she moved to Seattle, Washington; and, on 3 April, she was leased to South Korea as "Kun San" (AKL-908).
Honors and awards.
Sharps received three battle stars for Korean War service:

</doc>
<doc id="18865311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865311" title="Linens 'n Things">
Linens 'n Things

Linens 'n Things (LNT.com) is an online retailer of home textiles, housewares and decorative home accessories. Until 2008, the company also did business as a big box retailer under the name Linens 'n Things, Inc., headquartered in Clifton, New Jersey, United States, and did business across the United States and Canada. The chain operated 571 stores in 47 U.S. states and six Canadian provinces, and had 7,300 employees as of December 2006. 
The struggling company began closing its remaining stores in October 2008 after previously disposing of a number of underperforming stores. 
The company's business strategy was "to offer a broad selection of high quality, brand name home furnishings merchandise at exceptional everyday values, provide superior guest service, and maintain low operating costs."
The relaunch of the company as an online retailer was announced in February 2009 on its former website, LNT.com. Following the conclusion of business on the original website on February 15, 2009, customers were redirected to the online store's new home, originally located at codice_1 (but has since relocated to the old website, codice_2).
Acquisition and trouble.
The company was acquired in February 2006 by Apollo Global Management, a private equity limited partnership, for $1.3 billion. As a part of the transition from a public company to the private-owned business, the position of CEO went from Norman Axelrod to Robert (Bob) DiNicola; alongside of him were several executives such as F. David Coder who is President and Omer Fancy who is the executive Vice President of Marketing.
According to Form 10-Q filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for the quarterly period ended September 29, 2007, Linens Holding Co. and subsidiaries (including Linens 'n Things, Inc. acquired in February 2006 for cash of approximately $1.3 billion) reported net sales of $666.8 million, versus $658.2 million in the year-earlier period. The increase in net sales was primarily due to the opening of new stores since Sept. 30, 2006 offset by the impact of a decline in comparable store sales. The decline in comparable store sales was primarily due to a decline in customer transactions partially offset by an increase in average transaction value.
The operating loss (after a charge of $16.8 million for impairment of property and equipment in the more recent quarter) was $56.6 million against a loss of $17.9 million a year ago. After net interest expense and other income & expense, the loss before income taxes was $79.2 million compared to a loss of $41.7 million. After provision/benefit for income taxes, Linens Holdings reported a net loss of $79.9 million versus a net loss of $27.4 million.
On April 17, 2008, the "New York Post" reported that the company was seeking to sell its highly profitable Canadian Division, but no one at Linens 'n Things would confirm nor deny this, saying only that an adviser had been hired to explore strategic alternatives. Ultimately the Canadian Linens 'n Things stores would meet the same fate as their American counterparts.
Bankruptcy and liquidation.
On May 2, 2008, Linens 'n Things filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and closed 120 stores. In August 2008, Linens 'n Things devised a plan to emerge from bankruptcy early in 2009. Under the plan, the retailer intended to reverse many of the strategies introduced after the company was bought by Leon Black. Chief among those tactics was a shift to splashy clearance sales and product promotions. Revised management wished to return Linens 'n Things to an "everyday, low price" model it had pursued during its earlier years as a public company. It also wished to improve the quality of its merchandise and to keep shelves stocked in timely fashion, the paper said.
On October 7, 2008, Bloomberg News reported that Linens 'n Things asked the Bankruptcy Court for permission to auction the remaining 371 stores and hold store closing sales. On October 14, the company announced its official sale to a group of asset recovery specialists. The company began going-out-of-business sales at its remaining stores in both the United States and Canada and on the chain's website, LNT.com, on October 17. The sales concluded on December 28, 2008 in all stores, but Linens 'n Things continued the going-out-of-business sale on its website until February 15, 2009.
Online revival.
In 2009, Linens 'n Things emerged from bankruptcy as planned and announced that the website would remain open for business following the conclusion of the primary online store closing sale. The e-commerce site was taken over by new ownership to continue the same focus as the brick and mortar stores prior to their closing. However, it soon became apparent that the website perpetrates scams. Their new business model is unclear but appears to include drop shipping, misleading and sparse customer contact, incorrect & delayed shipping and an incorrect return address. No official response has been forthcoming.
Popular culture.
"Glee" depicts a similar store called "Sheets 'n Things."

</doc>
<doc id="18865366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865366" title="Şəkərəm">
Şəkərəm

Şəkərəm (also, Shakhkerem and Shakhkaram) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18865369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865369" title="Məmmədsəfi">
Məmmədsəfi

Məmmədsəfi (also, Mamedsafi, Mamedsefi, and Mohammad Shafi) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18865371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865371" title="Cold-formed steel">
Cold-formed steel

Cold-formed steel (CFS) is the common term for products made by rolling or pressing thin gauges of sheet steel into goods. Cold-formed steel goods are created by the working of sheet steel using stamping, rolling, or presses to deform the sheet into a usable product. Cold worked steel products are commonly used in all areas of manufacturing of durable goods like appliances or automobiles but the phrase cold form steel is most prevalently used to described construction materials. The use of cold-formed steel construction materials has become more and more popular since its initial introduction of codified standards in 1946. In the construction industry both structural and non-structural elements are created from thin gauges of sheet steel. These building materials encompass columns, beams, joists, studs, floor decking, built-up sections and other components. Cold-formed steel construction materials differ from other steel construction materials known as hot-rolled steel (see structural steel). The manufacturing of cold-formed steel products occurs at room temperature using rolling or pressing. The strength of elements used for design is usually governed by buckling. The construction practices are more similar to timber framing using screws to assemble stud frames.
Cold-formed steel members have been used in buildings, bridges, storage racks, grain bins, car bodies, railway coaches, highway products, transmission towers, transmission poles, drainage facilities, various types of equipment and others. These types of sections are cold-formed from steel sheet, strip, plate, or flat bar in roll forming machines, by press brake (machine press) or bending operations. The material thicknesses for such thin-walled steel members usually range from 0.0147 in. (0.373 mm) to about ¼ in. (6.35 mm). Steel plates and bars as thick as 1 in. (25.4 mm) can also be cold-formed successfully into structural shapes (AISI, 2007b).
__TOC__
History of cold-formed steel.
The use of cold-formed steel members in building construction began in the 1850s in both the United States and Great Britain. In the 1920s and 1930s, acceptance of cold-formed steel as a construction material was still limited because there was no adequate design standard and limited information on material use in building codes. One of the first documented uses of cold-formed steel as a building material is the Virginia Baptist Hospital constructed around 1925 in Lynchburg, Virginia. The walls were load bearing masonry, but the floor system was framed with double back-to-back cold-formed steel lipped channels. According to Chuck Greene, P.E of Nolen Frisa Associates [http://www.virginiabusiness.org:81/companyinfo/CompanyCard.asp?id=7208&login=&level=&FileNum=&a=, the joists were adequate to carry the initial loads and spans, based on current analysis techniques. Greene engineered a recent renovation to the structure and said that for the most part, the joists are still performing well. A site observation during this renovation confirmed that "these joists from the 'roaring twenties' are still supporting loads, over 80 years later!" In the 1940s, Lustron Homes built and sold almost 2500 steel-framed homes, with the framing, finishes, cabinets and furniture made from cold-formed steel.
History of AISI design standards.
Design standards for hot-rolled steel (see structural steel) were adopted in 1930s, but were not applicable to cold–formed sections because of their relatively thin steel walls which were susceptible to buckling. Cold-formed steel members maintain a constant thickness around their cross-section, whereas hot-rolled shapes typically exhibit tapering or fillets. Cold-formed steel allowed for shapes which differed greatly from the classical hot-rolled shapes. The material was easily workable; it could be deformed into many possible shapes. Even a small change in the geometry created significant changes in the strength characteristics of the section. It was necessary to establish some minimum requirements and laws to control the buckling and strength characteristics. Also it was observed that the thin walls underwent local buckling under small loads in some sections and that these elements were then capable of carrying higher loads even after local buckling of the members.
In the United States, the first edition of the Specification for the Design of Light Gage Steel Structural Members was published by the American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) in 1946 (AISI, 1946). The first Allowable Stress Design (ASD) Specification was based on the research work sponsored by AISI at Cornell University under the direction of late Professor George Winter since 1939. As a result of this work, George Winter is now considered the grandfather of cold-formed steel design. The ASD Specification was subsequently revised in 1956, 1960, 1962, 1968, 1980, and 1986 to reflect the technical developments and the results of continued research at Cornell and other universities (Yu et al., 1996). In 1991, AISI published the first edition of the Load and Resistance Factor Design Specification developed at University of Missouri of Rolla and Washington University under the directions of Wei-Wen Yu [http://ccfss.mst.edu/ and Theodore V. Galambos (AISI, 1991). Both ASD and LRFD Specifications were combined into a single specification in 1996 (AISI, 1996).
In 2001, the first edition of the North American Specification for the Design of Cold-Formed Steel Structural Members was developed by a joint effort of the AISI Committee on Specifications, the Canadian Standards Association (CSA) Technical Committee on Cold-Formed Steel Structural Members, and Camara Nacional de la Industria del Hierro y del Acero (CANACERO) in Mexico (AISI, 2001). It included the ASD and LRFD methods for the United States and Mexico together with the Limit States Design (LSD) method for Canada. This North American Specification has been accredited by the American National Standard Institute (ANSI) as an ANSI Standard to supersede the 1996 AISI Specification and the 1994 CSA Standard. Following the successful use of the 2001 edition of the North American Specification for six years, it was revised and expanded in 2007.
This updated specification includes new and revised design provisions with the additions of the Direct Strength Method in Appendix 1 and the Second-Order Analysis of structural systems in Appendix 2.
In addition to the AISI specifications, the American Iron and Steel Institute has also published commentaries on various editions of the specifications, design manuals, framing design standards, various design guides, and design aids for using cold-formed steel. For details, see AISI [http://www.steel.org] website.
International codes and standards.
The United States, Mexico and Canada use the North American Specification for the Design of Cold-Formed Steel Structural Members, document number AISI S100-2007. Member states of the European Union use section 1-3 of the Eurocode 3 (EN 1993) for the design of cold formed steel members. Other nations utilize various design specifications, many based on AISI S-100, as adopted by the building codes listed below. Another list of international cold-formed steel codes and standards is maintained (and can be edited with permission) at Cold-Formed Steel Codes Around the World.
Ethiopia
Building Codes:
EBCS-1 Basis of design and actions on structures
EBCS-3 Design of steel structures
South Africa
Specification: SANS 10162 - The Structural Use of Steel: Part 2 - Limit-state design of cold-formed steelwork
Building code: National Building Regulations of South Africa
United States
Specification: North American Specification for the Design of Cold-Formed Steel Structural Members, document number AISI S100-2007 published by the American Iron and Steel Institute in October 2007.
Building Code: IBC and/or NFPA may be enforced, but both reference AISI S100.
Canada
Specification: North American Specification for the Design of Cold-Formed Steel Structural Members, document number CAN/CSA S136-07 as published by Canadian Standards Association which is the same as AISI S100 except for the cover.
Building Code: The National Building Code of Canada is the model code adopted with amendments by individual Provinces and Territories. The Federal government is outside the jurisdiction of the Provincial/Territorial authority but usually defers to the legislated requirements within the Province/Territory of the building site.
Brazil
Specification: NBR 14762:2001 Dimensionamento de estruturas de aço constituídas por perfis formados a frio - Procedimento (Cold-formed steel design - Procedure, last update 2001) and NBR 6355:2003 Perfis estruturais de aço formados a frio - Padronização (Cold-formed steel structural profiles, last update 2003)
Building Code: ABNT - Associação Brasileira de Normas Técnicas (www.abnt.org.br)
Chile
NCH 427 - suspended because it was written in the 1970s. Cold-formed steel sections were based in part on AISI (U.S). The local Institute for Building code INN has specified in recent Codes for seismic design that designers must use the last edition of the AISI Specification for cold formed steel and the AISC for hot rolled, in their original versions in English until some traduced adaption will be issued here .
Argentina
CIRSOC 303 for Light Steel Structures where cold formed steel is included. That Specification, now more than 20 years old, is being replaced by a new one, which will be, in general, an adaption of the current AISI one. The former CIRSOC 303 was an adaption of the Canadian code of that time. At this time CIRSOC 303 was very old, now CIRSOC 301 is in revolution to be aligned with the American codes (LRFD design). In the near future both codes will be aligned also in designations and therminology.
Philippines
National Structural Code of the Philippines (NSCP) 2010, Volume 1 Buildings, Towers, and other Vertical Structures, Chapter 5 Part 3 Design of Cold-Formed Steel Structural Members is based on AISI S100-2007
India
Specification:IS:801, Indian standard code of practice for use of cold-formed light gauge steel structural members in general building construction, Bureau of Indian Standards, New Delhi (1975). (currently under revision)
Building Code : see - model code National Building Code of India
China
Specification: Technical Code of Cold-formed Thin-wall Steel Structures
Building Code: GB 50018-2002 (current version)
Japan
Specification: Design Manual of Light-gauge Steel Structures
Building Code: Technical standard notification No.1641 concerning light-gauge steel structures
Malaysia
Malaysia uses British Standard BS5950, especially BS5950:Part 5; AS4600 (from Australia) is also referenced.
EU Countries
Specification: EN 1993-1-3 (same as Eurocode 3 part 1-3), Design of steel structures - Cold formed thin gauge members and sheeting. Each European country will get its own National Annex Documents (NAD).
Germany
Specification: German Committee for Steel Structures (DASt), DASt-Guidelines 016: 1992: Calculation and design of structures with thin-walled cold-formed members; In German
Building Code: EN 1993-1-3: 2006 (Eurocode 3 Part 1-3): Design of steel structures – General rules – Supplementary rules for cold-formed members and sheeting; German version
prEN 1090 2: 2005 (prEN 1090 Part 2; Draft): Execution of steel structures and aluminium structures – Technical requirements for the execution of steel structures; German version
EN 10162: 2003: Cold-rolled steel sections – Technical delivery conditions – Dimensional and cross-sectional tolerances; German version
Italy
Specification:
UNI CNR 10022 (National Document)
EN 1993-1-3 (Not compulsory)
United Kingdom
Eurocode for cold-formed steel in the UK. BS EN 1993-1-3:2006: Eurocode 3. Design of steel structures. General rules.
Australia
Specification: AS/NZS 4600
AS/NZS 4600:2005 Similar to NAS 2007 but includes high strength steels such as G550 for all sections. (Greg Hancock)
Building Code: Building Code of Australia (National document) calls AS/NZS 4600:2005
NewZealand
Specification: AS/NZS 4600 (same as Australia)
Common section profiles and applications.
In building construction there are basically two types of structural steel: hot-rolled steel shapes and cold-formed steel shapes. The hot rolled steel shapes are formed at elevated temperatures while the cold-formed steel shapes are formed at room temperature. Cold-formed steel structural members are shapes commonly manufactured from steel plate, sheet metal or strip material. The manufacturing process involves forming the material by either press-braking or cold roll forming to achieve the desired shape.
When steel is formed by press-braking or cold rolled forming, there is a change in the mechanical properties of the material by virtue of the cold working of the metal. When a steel section is cold-formed from flat sheet or strip the yield strength, and to a lesser extent the ultimate strength, are increased as a result of this cold working, particularly in the bends of the section.
Some of the main properties of cold formed steel are as follows:
A broad classification of the cold-formed shapes used in the construction industry can be made as individual structural framing members or panels and decks.
Some of the popular applications and the preferred sections are:
The AISI Specification allows the use of steel to the following ASTM specifications in the table below:
Typical stress–strain properties.
A main property of steel, which is used to describe its behavior, is the stress–strain graph. The stress–strain graphs of cold-formed steel sheet mainly fall into two categories. They are sharp yielding and gradual yielding type illustrated below in Fig.1 and Fig.2, respectively.
These two stress–strain curves are typical for cold-formed steel sheet during tension test. The second graph is the representation of the steel sheet that has undergone the cold-reducing (hard rolling) during manufacturing process, therefore it does not exhibit a yield point with a yield plateau. The initial slope of the curve may be lowered as a result of the prework. Unlike Fig.2, the stress–strain relationship in Fig.1 represents the behavior of annealed steel sheet. For this type of steel, the yield point is defined by the level at which the stress–strain curve becomes horizontal.
Cold forming has the effect of increasing the yield strength of steel, the increase being the consequence of cold working well into the strain-hardening range. This increase is in the zones where the material is deformed by bending or working. The yield stress can be assumed to have been increased by 15% or more for design purposes. The yield stress value of cold-formed steel is usually between 33ksi and 80ksi. The measured values of Modulus of Elasticity based on the standard methods usually range from 29,000 to 30,000 ksi (200 to 207 GPa). A value of 29,500 ksi (203 GPa) is recommended by AISI in its specification for design purposes. The ultimate tensile strength of steel sheets in the sections has little direct relationship to the design of those members. The load-carrying capacities of cold-formed steel flexural and compression members are usually limited by yield point or buckling stresses that are less than the yield point of steel, particularly for those compression elements having relatively large flat-width ratios and for compression members having relatively large slenderness ratios. The exceptions are bolted and welded connections, the strength of which depends not only on the yield point but also on the ultimate tensile strength of the material. Studies indicate that the effects of cold work on formed steel members depend largely upon the spread between the tensile and the yield strength of the virgin material.
Ductility criteria.
Ductility is defined as ‘‘an extent to which a material can sustain plastic deformation without rupture.’’ It is not only required in the forming process but is also needed for plastic redistribution of stress in members and connections, where stress concentration would occur. The ductility criteria and performance of low-ductility steels for cold-formed members and connections have been studied by Dhalla, Winter, and Errera at Cornell University. It was found that the ductility measurement in a standard tension test includes local ductility and uniform ductility. Local ductility is designated as the localized elongation at the eventual fracture zone. Uniform ductility is the ability of a tension coupon to undergo sizeable plastic deformations along its entire length prior to necking. This study also revealed that for the different ductility steels investigated, the elongation in 2-in. (50.8-mm) gage length did not correlate satisfactorily with either the local or the uniform ductility of the material. In order to be able to redistribute the stresses in the plastic range to avoid premature brittle fracture and to achieve full net-section strength in a tension member with stress concentrations, it is suggested that:
Weldability.
Weldability refers to the capacity of steel to be welded into a satisfactory, crack free, sound joint under fabrication conditions without difficulty.
Welding is possible in cold-formed steel elements, but it shall follow the standards given in AISI S100-2007, Section E.
1.When thickness less than or equal to 3/16” (4.76mm):
The various possible welds in cold formed steel sections, where the thickness of the thinnest element in the connection is 3/16” or less are as follows
2.When thickness greater than or equal to 3/16” (4.76mm):
Welded connections in which thickness of the thinnest connected arc is greater than 3/16” (4.76mm) shall be in accordance with ANSI/AISC-360. The weld positions are covered as per AISI S100-2007 (Table E2a)
Application in buildings.
Cold-formed steel framing.
Cold-formed steel framing (CFSF) refers specifically to members in light-frame building construction that are made entirely of sheet steel, formed to various shapes at ambient temperatures. The most common shape for CFSF members is a lipped channel, although “Z”, “C”, tubular, “hat” and other shapes and variations have been used. The building elements that are most often framed with cold-formed steel are floors, roofs, and walls, although other building elements and both structural and decorative assemblies may be steel framed.
Although cold-formed steel is used for several products in building construction, framing products are different in that they are typically used for wall studs, floor joists, rafters, and truss members. Examples of cold-formed steel that would not be considered framing includes metal roofing, roof and floor deck, composite deck, metal siding, and purlins and girts on metal buildings.
Framing members are typically spaced at 16 or 24 inches on center, with spacing variations lower and higher depending upon the loads and coverings. Wall members are typically vertical lipped channel “stud” members, which fit into unlipped channel “track” sections at the top and bottom. Similar configurations are used for both floor joist and rafter assemblies, but in a horizontal application for floors, and a horizontal or sloped application for roof framing. Additional elements of the framing system include fasteners and connectors, braces and bracing, clips and connectors.
In North America, member types have been divided into five major categories, and product nomenclature is based on those categories.
In high-rise commercial and multi-family residential construction, CFSF is typically used for interior partitions and support of exterior walls and cladding. In many mid-rise and low-rise applications, the entire structural system can be framed with CFSF.
Connectors and fasteners in framing.
Connectors are used in cold-formed steel construction to attach members (i.e. studs, joists) to each other or to the primary structure for the purpose of load transfer and support. Since an assembly is only as strong as its weakest component, it is important to engineer each connection so that it meets specified performance requirements. There are two main connection types, Fixed and Movement-Allowing (Slip). Fixed connections of framing members do not allow movement of the connected parts. They can be found in axial-load bearing walls, curtain walls, trusses, roofs, and floors. Movement-Allowing connections are designed to allow deflection of the primary structure in the vertical direction due to live load, or in the horizontal direction due to wind or seismic loads, or both vertical and horizontal directions. One application for a vertical movement-allowing connection is to isolate non-axial load bearing walls (drywall) from the vertical live load of the structure and to prevent damage to finishes. If the structure is in an active seismic zone, vertical and horizontal movement-allowing connections may be used to accommodate both the vertical deflection and horizontal drift of the structure.
Connectors may be fastened to cold-formed steel members and primary structure using welds, bolts, or self-drilling screws. These fastening methods are recognized in the American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) 2007 North American Specification for the Design of Cold-Formed Steel Structural Members, Chapter E. Other fastening methods, such as clinching, power actuated fasteners (PAF), mechanical anchors, adhesive anchors and structural glue, are used based on manufacturer's performance-based tests.
Hot-rolled versus cold-rolled steel and the influence of annealing.
Annealing, also described in the earlier section, is part of the manufacturing process of cold-formed steel sheet. It is a heat treatment technique that alters the microstructure of the cold-reducing steel to recover its ductility.
Alternative design methods.
The Direct Strength Method (DSM) is an alternative method of design located in Appendix 1 of the "North American Specification for the Design of Cold-formed Steel Structural Members" 2007 (AISI S100-07). DSM may be used in lieu of the Main Specification for determining nominal member capacities. Specific advantages include the absence of effective width and iterations, while only using known gross-sectional properties. An increase in prediction confidence stems from forced compatibility between section flanges and web throughout elastic buckling analysis. This increase in prediction accuracy for any section geometry provides a solid basis for rational analysis extension and encourages cross-sectional optimization. Either DSM or the main specification can be used with confidence as the Φ or Ω factors have been designed to insure that both methods are accurate. Currently, DSM only provides solutions for beams and columns and has to be used in conjunction with the main specification for a complete design.
Rational analysis is permitted when using optimized cold form shapes that are outside of the scope of the main specification and are not pre-qualified for DSM use. These non-pre-qualified sections use the factors of safety of ϕ and Ω associated with rational analysis (see AISI 2001 Section A1.1 (b)). The result of the rational analysis times the appropriate factor of safety will be used as the design strength of the section.
Several situations may exist where a rational analysis application of DSM can be used. In general these would include: (1) determining the elastic buckling values and (2) using the DSM equations in Appendix 1 to determine nominal flexural and axial capacities, Mn and Pn. The premise of DSM itself is an example of rational analysis. It uses elastic buckling results to determine the ultimate strength through the use of empirical strength curves. This provides designers with a method for performing a rational analysis in a number of unique situations.
In some cases the rational analysis extension to DSM may be as simple as dealing with an observed buckling mode that is difficult to identify and making a judgment call as to how to categorize the mode. But it could also be used to allow an engineer to include the effects of moment gradients, the influence of different end conditions, or the influence of torsion warping on all buckling modes.
There are currently no provisions within the DSM that pertain to shear, web crippling, holes in members, or strength increases due to the cold work of forming. Research on several of these topics has been completed or is in the process of being completed and should be included in the next update of the AISI Specification. DSM is also limited in determining strength for sections in which very slender elements are used. This is due to the strength of a cross section being predicted as a whole with DSM instead of using the effective width method of the specification which breaks the cross section up into several effective elements. One slender element will cause low strength with DSM, which is not the case with the current specification method. The finite strip method using CUFSM is the most commonly used approach to determine the elastic buckling loads. The program also limits DSM because holes cannot be considered, loads have to be uniform along the member, only simply supported boundary conditions are considered, and the buckling modes interact and cannot be easily distinguishable in some cases.
External links.
Organizations.
Other related links can be found in the following pages:

</doc>
<doc id="18865372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865372" title="Kazykhanly">
Kazykhanly

Kazykhanly (also, Kazynkhaly) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18865374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865374" title="Tirkəşəvənd">
Tirkəşəvənd

Tirkəşəvənd (also, Tirkeshevend and Tirkeşəvənd) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18865379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865379" title="Xallanlı">
Xallanlı

Xallanlı (also, Khailanly, Khallanly, and Khanlanly) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18865384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865384" title="Koturlu">
Koturlu

Koturlu (also, Koturly) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18865388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865388" title="Qaraxançallı">
Qaraxançallı

Qaraxançallı (also, Karakhanchally and Karakhanchilar) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18865390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865390" title="Çıraq">
Çıraq

Çıraq (also, Chirakh, Chyrag, and Chyrak) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18865428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865428" title="Marguerite Huré">
Marguerite Huré

Marguerite Huré (1895–1967) was a French stained glass artist. She is considered to be the artist who introduced abstraction into French religious glassmaking.
Huré first studied with glass artist Émile Ader before founding her own atelier in 1920. She worked with many artists, among whom were Maurice Denis, George Desvallières, Marie Alain Couturier, Valentine Reyre and Jean Bazaine; among the architects with whom she collaborated was Auguste Perret, with whom she worked on decorations for Notre-Dame du Raincy, the chapel of the school of la Colombière in Chalon-sur-Saône, and Saint-Joseph du Havre. Her work may also be found at Notre-Dame-des-Missions-du-cygne d'Enghien in Épinay-sur-Seine.
Huré was proud of her independence in a field dominated by men, and she was frequently seen smoking a pipe. This led to her being given the nickname "Jeune fille à la pipe". She was also the inventor of a technique, called "brique Huré", for which she received a patent in 1930. She died in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="18865432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865432" title="Reflex (group)">
Reflex (group)

Reflex is a Russian girl group consisting of two members: Irene Nelson (Lead Vocals), Alyona Torganova (Vocals). The group was created in 1999 and the first single called "Dalni svet" (Distant Light) conquered the hit parade of Europe Plus radio station. All Reflex's music is composed by Viacheslav Tyurin.

</doc>
<doc id="18865450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865450" title="Ernie Sings &amp; Glen Picks">
Ernie Sings &amp; Glen Picks

Ernie Sings & Glen Picks is an album by singer Tennessee Ernie Ford and singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1975 (see 1975 in music).
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="18865469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865469" title="Hagbard's gallow">
Hagbard's gallow

Hagbard's Gallow consists of two pair of menhirs, located in Asige, Sweden. The monument was probably constructed during the bronze age. The stone has engravings, some discovered in the 18th Century and some in modern times.
The name is related to the legend of Hagbard and Signy, with which several other nearby remains are related as well.
It is part of Ekomuseum nedre Ätradalen.

</doc>
<doc id="18865477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865477" title="Asocijacija Radioamatera Bosne i Hercegovine">
Asocijacija Radioamatera Bosne i Hercegovine

The Asocijacija Radioamatera u Bosne i Hercegovine (ARABH) (in English, Amateur Radio Association of Bosnia and Hercegovina) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Key membership benefits of ARABH include the sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards and radio contests, and a QSL bureau for those members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries. ARABH publishes a specialty radio and electronics magazine called "RADIO T9". ARABH represents the interests of the amateur radio operators of Bosnia and Herzegovina before national, European, and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. ARABH is the national member society representing Bosnia and Herzegovina in the International Amateur Radio Union.
Amateur Union of Bosnia and Herzegovina was established in Sarajevo 1947th year. Around the same time, the local unions were established in other major cities of the Republic.
By the 1950s. Activity is mostly boiled down to simple homemade amateur radio equipment. This has helped to create the conditions for the establishment of more complex forms of communication in the country and beyond. The first ham radio contact in BiH the 06th July in 1950. year. This prompted further development of amateur radio in Bosnia and Herzegovina, exhilarating Alliance to begin organizing federal, republican and club competitions.
During the seventies, the Bosnian-Herzegovinian hams have increasingly sophisticated radio equipment and antenna systems, and begin to make better placements in national and international competitions.
After the outbreak of war in Croatia 1991st year, and BH hams begin sending news about these events through short and ultrashort waves.
After the outbreak of war in Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1992. The phone systems were largely cut off from the vast majority parts of the country, and the inner regions were completely blocked. Ham radio work has become vitally important in such circumstances.
Hams were used for the first time in April in 1992. year to send information to other parts of Europe and the world about the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Messages were sent to individuals, governments, the media, humanitarian organizations and religious communities. In many cases, ham radio was the only way for the Bosnians to stay in touch with their loved ones who have been out of the country, and the only way for people from around the world to obtain information about their families and friends who have been under siege. It is estimated that during the war more than three million messages exchanged, and about 1,500 young people passed their first exam and become amateur radio operators.
Hams from neighboring countries, Europe and the rest of the world the most help in the exchange of humanitarian messages during the war 1992-96. year.
The Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina at the beginning of 1993 years of International Telecommunication Union (ITU) as an independent state and a member of the UN gets prefix T9.
The association of radio amateurs of Bosnia and Herzegovina became a member of International Amateur Radio Union (IARU) on 27 December 1993rd year.
Merit Association hams Bosnia and Herzegovina was recognized by the International League of Humanists 16 November 1999th in Trieste and awarded in recognition of the work and contributions during the war.
So far, the 4173 amateur radio license from ARABiH. They are registered in the database ARABiH. The current number of members ARABIH, who have paid the fee for the current year is about 850 ARABIH has diversified repeater network and the network of digital communication that helps in connecting with the world. Every year we organize a lot of socializing and BH amateur championships in various disciplines.
BH hams participate in the work of all the major international amateur radio organizations, and our competitors usually end up near the top in all major international competitions. ARABIH also became the first member of CEPT from all other Union resulting from the disintegration of former Yugoslavia. The year 1999. ARABIH began to publish a specialized magazine for electronics and telecommunications, "Radio T9", which is also distributed in other European countries. Recognized as one of the best specialized amateur radio magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="18865485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865485" title="Black Red White">
Black Red White

Black Red White is a leading furniture manufacturer in Poland, founded in Chmielek, Poland in 1991. The company's headquarters are located in Biłgoraj. Black Red White S.A. is the biggest Polish manufacturer of traditional and new furniture systems, home and office furniture, and upholstered fittings made of furniture panels, MDF and solid wood. BRW S.A. is an organization consisting of 17 production plants which employ over 6 000 people. 
Total production volume exceeding 180 000 000 sq ft of furniture panels a year, wholesale of over 7 000 000 cabinets annually and over 800 furniture models place BRW S.A. in the top ten plants of this kind in the world. The large-scale production lowers costs and allows them to offer very low prices.
The company has branches in Poland and overseas (including the USA, Canada and Ukraine).
It is owned by Polish millionaire Tadeusz Chmiel.

</doc>
<doc id="18865495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865495" title="Lawrence Andreasen">
Lawrence Andreasen

Larry Andreasen (November 13, 1945 – October 26, 1990) was a diver from the United States. He represented his country at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, where he received the bronze medal in springboard diving.
In later years, Andreasen several times attempted to set the record for the highest dive from a bridge. On September 29, 1988 he successfully jumped from the Gerald Desmond Bridge in Long Beach, California. A 4-foot overhang meant he could not attempt a dive headfirst, thus preventing him from breaking the record. He was arrested for this undertaking.
In December 1988, he was talked down by police from the Vincent Thomas Bridge in Los Angeles in another attempt to break the record. On October 26, 1990, Andreasen was killed diving from the west tower of the same bridge. His death was ruled an accident.

</doc>
<doc id="18865496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865496" title="The Outsider (2002 film)">
The Outsider (2002 film)

The Outsider is a 2002 Western film starring Tim Daly and Naomi Watts. The film is based on Penelope Williamson's novel. Similar to "Angel and the Badman" where John Wayne plays a wounded outlaw who is sheltered by a Quaker family.
Plot summary.
The Western, The Outsider, takes place in Montana of the late 19th century. Wounded outlaw Johnny Gault (Tim Daly) is given refuge by widowed sheep farmer Rebecca Yoder (Naomi Watts). This puts Rebecca on the outs with her own people, a pacifist Amish sect. They incur the wrath of a ruthless cattle baron who wants the Amishs' land. He was also responsible for the death of Rebecca's husband.
The two enter into a relationship which is forbidden since he is an "outsider" from their religion and way of life. She is shunned from the fold until she is ready to confess her sins from this illicit union and be forgiven. She decides she must go back to her old way of living. When the time comes for her to do so, she is not able to walk away from her new life with Johnny. She leaves the meeting that had been set up and runs back to Johnny. 
In an attempt to help Johnny in a shoot out, during which Johnny kills also the cattle baron, Rebecca is hit by an enemy's bullet. She eventually recovers and they (presumably) live happily ever after as they ride off (into the sunset).

</doc>
<doc id="18865507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865507" title="Andre Riddick">
Andre Riddick

Andre Riddick (born February 1, 1973) is a retired American professional basketball player. He is the ULEB Cup's All-Time Leader for rebounds (383), steals (116) and blocks (122) and also has the highest ULEB Cup percentage of blocks (2 blocks per game). He played for the University of Kentucky from 1991-1995.
Tenure at Kentucky.
Nicknamed "The Rejector" Andre Riddick held the single season block record at 83 for Kentucky together with Melvin Turpin until it was broken by Anthony Davis in 2012, and he held the Kentucky single game block record of 9 together with Sam Bowie until it was broken by Nerlens Noel in 2013. A notoriously bad free throw shooter, the standard Riddick set has been invoked more than once when a Kentucky player had a bad night at the line. Riddick often performed a shuffle after he dunked the basketball.
Riddick and his Kentucky teammates made the NCAA Final Four in 1993. During Kentucky's 1995 NCAA tournament Elite Eight game against North Carolina, Riddick angrily confronted Rasheed Wallace after Wallace hit him with his elbow, resulting in a technical foul issued to Walter McCarty, a call hotly disputed by former Kentucky coach Rick Pitino.

</doc>
<doc id="18865539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865539" title="Creation Evidence Museum">
Creation Evidence Museum

The Creation Evidence Museum, originally Creation Evidences Museum, is a creationist museum in Glen Rose in Somervell County in central Texas, USA. Founded in 1984 by Carl Baugh for the purpose of researching and displaying exhibits that support creationism, it portrays the Earth as six thousand years old and humans coexisting with dinosaurs, disputing the scientific consensus that the Earth is approximately 4.5 billion years old and dinosaurs became extinct 65.5 million years before human beings arose.
History and projects.
The Creation Evidence Museum was founded by Carl Baugh, a young earth creationist, after he came to Glen Rose in 1982 to research claims of fossilized human footprints alongside dinosaur footprints in the limestone banks of the Paluxy River, near Dinosaur Valley State Park. He claims to have excavated 475 dinosaur footprints and 86 human footprints, which form the basis of the Creation Evidence Museum as well as other exhibits. Baugh, who does not have an accredited degree, remains the director and main speaker for CEM.
In 2001 Baugh and Creation Evidence Museum were featured on "The Daily Show" where Baugh likened human history to "The Flintstones" and the show poked fun at his claims about the hyperbaric biosphere, pterodactyl expeditions, and dinosaurs.
The Creation Evidence Museum sponsors continuing paleontological and archaeological excavations among other research projects, including a hunt for living pterodactyls in Papua New Guinea, and expeditions to Israel. Materials from the museum have been recommended by the National Council on Bible Curriculum in Public Schools, but the NCBCPS curriculum has been deemed "unfit for use in public school classrooms."
One of the museum's projects is a "hyperbaric biosphere", a chamber which the museum hopes will reproduce the atmospheric conditions that these creationists postulate for Earth before the Great Flood, and enable them to grow dinosaurs. Baugh says that these conditions made creatures live longer, and get larger, smarter and nicer. He claims that tests under these conditions have tripled the lifespan of fruit-flies, and detoxified copperhead snakes. A much larger version is under construction in the new building.
Exhibits.
All of the creationist exhibits have been strongly criticized as incorrectly identified dinosaur prints, other fossils, or outright forgeries. The second floor balcony of the museum features prominently a high statue of Dallas Cowboys football coach Tom Landry.
Displays in the Creation Evidence Museum include:
In 2008, a descendant of a family that provided many original Paluxy River dinosaur tracks in the 1930s claimed that her grandfather had faked many of them, including the "Alvis Delk Cretaceous Footprint".
In 1982–1984, several scientists, including J.R. Cole, L.R. Godfrey, R.J. Hastings, and Steven Schafersman, examined Baugh's purported "mantracks" as well as others provided by creationists in Glen Rose. In the course of the examination "Baugh contradicted his own earlier reports of the locations of key discoveries" and many of the supposed prints "lacked characteristics of human footprints." After a three-year investigation of the tracks and Baugh's specimens, the scientists concluded there was no evidence for any of Baugh's claims or any "dinosaur-man tracks".
Criticism from creationists.
Creationist organizations such as Answers in Genesis and Creation Ministries International have criticized Baugh's claims saying he "muddied the water for many Christians ... People are being misled." Don Batten, of Creation Ministries International wrote: "Some Christians will try to use Baugh's 'evidences' in witnessing and get 'shot down' by someone who is scientifically literate. The ones witnessed to will thereafter be wary of all creation evidences and even more inclined to dismiss Christians as nut cases not worth listening to." Answers in Genesis lists the "Paluxy tracks" as arguments "we think creationists should NOT use" in original. Answers In Creation also reviewed Baugh's museum and concluded "the main artifacts they claim show a young earth reveal that they are deceptions, and in many cases, not even clever ones."
The "Burdick track" and "fossilized finger" were featured on the controversial NBC program "The Mysterious Origins of Man", aired in 1996 and hosted by Charlton Heston. Creationist Ken Ham criticized the production in the February 1996 Answers in Genesis newsletter in a review titled "Hollywood's 'Moses' Undermines Genesis." Ham attacked Baugh's claims, saying, "According to leading creationist researchers, this evidence is open to much debate and needs much more intensive research. One wonders how much of the information in the program can really be trusted!"

</doc>
<doc id="18865544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865544" title="I Can't Get Over You (Brooks &amp; Dunn song)">
I Can't Get Over You (Brooks &amp; Dunn song)

"I Can't Get Over You" is a song written by Ronnie Dunn and Terry McBride, and recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn. It was released in January 1999 as the fourth single from their album "If You See Her", and it reached a peak of number 5 on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart, and number 52 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Chart positions.
"I Can't Get Over You" debuted at number 49 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart for the week of January 16, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18865552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865552" title="Stéphanie Possamaï">
Stéphanie Possamaï

Stéphanie Possamaï (born 30 July 1980 in Bordeaux) is a French judoka.
Possamaï won a bronze medal in the -78 kg category at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18865559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865559" title="Sacred (novel)">
Sacred (novel)

Sacred (1997) is the third book in the Kenzie/Gennaro series by Dennis Lehane.
Plot.
Patrick Kenzie and Angela Gennaro are hired by a dying billionaire to find his daughter, Desiree, after the previous detective working the case, Jay Becker, disappeared.
Awards.
The novel won the 1998 Nero Award and was nominated for a Shamus Award for "Best Private Eye Novel" in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="18865564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865564" title="Yalennis Castillo">
Yalennis Castillo

Yalennis Castillo (born May 21, 1986) is a Cuban judoka.
Castillo won a silver medal in the -78 kg category at the 2007 World Judo Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18865574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865574" title="List of Sendai International Music Competition winners">
List of Sendai International Music Competition winners

The Sendai International Music Competition is a tri-annual violin and piano music competition held in Sendai, Japan, presented in association with the Sendai International Music Competition Organizing Committee, City of Sendai and the Sendai Cultural Foundation. In the competition there is no overall winner, rather there are six winners each from the violin and piano categories, with the first-placed winners receiving the highest prize. Although the competition is international, most award-winners have been from either Europe or Asia. The first award-winner from outside those continents was American Sean Kennard, who finished fifth in the 2004 competition's piano category.
The competition consists of five stages: preliminary rounds, screening auditions, an elimination round in which the contestants play a concerto with a string quartet or quintet, then the semi-final and the final, where all pieces are performed in the company of the Sendai Philharmonic Orchestra. After the contestants have been placed through the different stages the judges must select six contestants for the final, where the positioning of the winners is later decided by the judges, from sixth to first in both categories.
The first competition was held in 2001. Most of the twelve winners were from Asia, with Chinese Mengla Huang topping the violin category and the Italian Giuseppe Andaloro taking first prize in the piano section. In the second tournament in 2004, the competition received a more worldwide range of winners; contestants coming from Asia, Europe and North America finished in the prize winning places. Japanese Saeka Matsuyama won the violin part in the final and Xiaotang Tan from China came in first place in the piano category. In the 2007 finals, which contained five Russian contestants, the violin section was topped by Russian Alena Baeva while in the piano category the Japanese Yuya Tsuda came first. The 2010 violin competition was won by the German/South Korean Clara Jumi Kang, while Vadym Kholodenko of Ukraine won the piano competition. As of 2010 there have been four competitions with the next to be contested in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18865578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865578" title="Jessica Powers">
Jessica Powers

Jessica Powers (February 7, 1905 – August 18, 1988) was an American poet and Carmelite nun.
Biography.
Early years (1905-1936).
Jessica Powers was born on February 7, 1905 in Mauston, Wisconsin, the third child to John Powers and Delia Trainer Powers. By the time Jessica had turned 13, she lost both her older sister and father. She graduated from Mauston High School in 1922 and attended Marquette University for a year studying journalism. She then worked in Chicago before returning to care for her family after the death of her mother from 1925 to 1936. 
Carmelite community (1941-1988).
After spending time in New York, Powers decided to enter the Milwaukee, Wisconsin community of the Carmel of Mother of God as a postulant on June 24, 1941. On April 25, 1942, she received the habit of the Carmelites and was given the religious name of Sister Miriam of the Holy Spirit. She died of a stroke on August 18, 1988.
Archival Collections.
The papers of Jessica Powers are held at Marquette University Special Collections and University Archives. The collection includes her correspondence (mostly letters received), handwritten and typescript drafts of poems, scrapbooks of her poetry and other writings, copies of her books, and writings about her. Notable correspondents included August Derleth, Raymond E. F. Larsson, Robert F. Morneau, and Regina Siegfried.

</doc>
<doc id="18865581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865581" title="Sat (rapper)">
Sat (rapper)

Karim Haddouche (born September 16, 1975 in Marseille, France), more commonly known as Sat l'Artificier or Sat, is a French rapper of Algerian origin and is a member of the group Fonky Family.
Life.
Born in Marseille to an Algerian father and French mother of Corsican descent, Sat discovered rap at an early age. In 1993, along with his neighborhood friends Le Rat Luciano, Don Choa and Menzo, they created the group Fonky Family. After meeting with IAM's Akhenaton (rapper) they started working on their first album. Since then, the group has released 4 albums and are considered one of the biggest rap groups in France.

</doc>
<doc id="18865588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865588" title="Blue Grass Chemical Agent-Destruction Pilot Plant">
Blue Grass Chemical Agent-Destruction Pilot Plant

The Blue Grass Chemical Agent-Destruction Pilot Plant (BGCAPP) is a chemical weapons destruction facility under construction. The plant is being built to destroy the chemical weapons stockpile at the Blue Grass Army Depot (BGAD), near Richmond, Kentucky. The plant is dedicated to the destruction of 523 tons of nerve agents sarin (GB) and VX, and mustard agent, which constitute about two percent of the United States chemical weapons stockpile.
Since 1944, the U.S. Army has stored approximately two percent of its original chemical weapons stockpile at the Blue Grass Army Depot. Destruction of this stockpile is a requirement of the Chemical Weapons Convention, an international treaty to which the United States is a party. The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons is the implementing body of the Chemical Weapons Convention and monitors the progress of the nation’s chemical weapons destruction programs. The Program Executive Office, Assembled Chemical Weapons Alternatives (PEO ACWA) oversees the destruction of the Blue Grass chemical weapons stockpile.
Planning and organization.
A systems contract was awarded in June 2003 to a joint venture team composed of the California companies Bechtel National, Inc., and Parsons Infrastructure and Technology Group, Inc. The Bechtel Parsons Blue Grass team is contracted to develop a design-build plan and then design, construct, systemize, pilot test, operate and close the Blue Grass Chemical Agent-Destruction Pilot Plant. 
In March 2005 the design-build-operate-close schedule was extended to make the program more affordable on an annual basis. Site preparation work and the construction of support buildings continued and final designs for the remaining BGCAPP facilities were completed in 2010. After systemization of the facility, destruction operations are expected to begin in 2020 and to be complete by 2023. The plant will operate until all the chemical weapons have been destroyed. Closure activities (shut-down, dismantling, and restoration of site) are slated to be wrapped up by 2026. This schedule exceeds the terms of the Chemical Weapons Convention.
Legislation enacted by the U.S. Congress in 2007 (Public Laws 110-116 and 110-181) mandates the destruction of the remaining U.S. national chemical stockpile in accordance with the April 2012 date, but in no circumstances later than Dec. 31, 2017. 
Technology.
The Department of Defense conducted studies to evaluate potential impacts of the elimination of these weapons using incineration and non-incineration methods for the plant. Four technologies were considered: 
The Department of Defense selected neutralization followed by SCWO for use at the depot. The method comprises the following steps:
EDT.
After an X-ray assessment of the mustard munitions stockpile showed that the agent had significantly solidified in the rounds -- making removal of mustard agent from projectiles difficult using neutralization and SCWO -- ACWA decided to explore use of Explosive Destruction Technology (aka Explosive Demolition Technology, Explosive Detonation Technology, EDT) for these projectiles. 
EDT uses heat/pressure from explosion or just heat to destroy the munitions; it is not considered incineration and does not require disassembly of the weapons. There are three general types of technologies that can destroy chemical weapons:
Bechtel Parsons Blue Grass received approval from PEO ACWA to begin initial work on an Explosive Destruction Technology system at the Blue Grass plant. Following a competitive procurement process, Bechtel Parsons selected the Static Detonation Chamber.
Public outreach.
The Blue Grass Chemical Stockpile Outreach Office was established to serve as the community’s primary information resource on chemical weapons destruction in Kentucky. The office responds to inquiries, provides information materials and coordinates guest speakers for a variety of different civic groups and organizations and interfaces with the governor-appointed Kentucky Chemical Demilitarization Citizens’ Advisory Commission and its Chemical Destruction Community Advisory Board.

</doc>
<doc id="18865590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865590" title="Plaza Cinema, Stockport">
Plaza Cinema, Stockport

The Plaza Super Cinema and Variety Theatre in Stockport is a cinema in built in the early 1930s in Greater Manchester, England (). It was designed in 1929 although work did not start until three years later, in 1932. It was completed the following year in 1933 and is now a Grade II* listed building, one of few completed in the 1930s within Greater Manchester. After being a bingo hall for many years, it has now been restored as a cinema and theatre, showing classic films and staging live shows.
From March 2009, the volunteers of Stockport Plaza embarked on an ambitious restoration of The Plaza to its original configuration in 1932. Most of the façade has now been unveiled and sports new name sign as well as red and green side panels, all constructed with neon lighting. The entire face has also been completely restored to its original cream ensemble.
Building History.
1929 (April)
1931
1932 (Oct)
1937
1949
1953 (Aug)
1953
1954
1965 (July)
1966 (Dec)
1967
1967 (Feb)
1997 (Mar)
1999
2000 (Aug)
2000
2005
2007
2009
2010 (Jan)
2012 (Apr)
2013

</doc>
<doc id="18865607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865607" title="University of Wisconsin Colleges Online">
University of Wisconsin Colleges Online

The University of Wisconsin Colleges Online is an online college program which is part of the University of Wisconsin Colleges, the freshman-sophomore campuses of the University of Wisconsin System.
University of Wisconsin Colleges Online allows students to earn an Associate of Arts and Science Degree (AAS) completely online. Students enrolled at a University of Wisconsin four-year campus may also take courses through the UW Colleges Online to supplement their university course load. Credits earned in this fashion are transferred to their home campus. Students may also use financial aid from their home campus.
UW Colleges Online is fully accredited by the Higher Learning Commission, a Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools. UW Colleges Online adheres to the Guidelines for Distance Education espoused by the North Central Association (NCA) Commission on Institutions of Higher Education. 
UW Colleges Online uses Desire2Learn as its course management system (CMS). Courses are offered during three terms: Spring, Summer, and Fall. There are currently no self-paced course offerings available.

</doc>
<doc id="18865610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865610" title="Fauzi Ayub">
Fauzi Ayub

Fauzi Mohammed Ayub () (also "Fawzi") was a Lebanese-Canadian who was a member of Hezbollah and arrested in 2002 by the Israeli Defence Forces. Two years later he was released to his wife and three children in Lebanon in a prisoner exchange that saw 436 Palestinians and Lebanese released in exchange for Elhanan Tannenbaum and the bodies of three Israeli soldiers abducted four years earlier.
His arrest brought debate to Canada over whether to declare Hezbollah a "terrorist" organisation, and whether to continue judging its military branch separately from its political and social service branches.
Life.
Ayub joined the Amal Movement in 1975 while studying, claiming that it was necessary to protect his family. In 1983, he formally joined Hezbollah, and three years later was part of a hijacking plot that targeted an Iraqi flight in Romania, hoping to exchange the airline hostages for Lebanese prisoners held by Iraq. However, the man designated to hand over small firearms to Ayub's group in the airport, named Sh'alan, was arrested, and confessed to the plot - leading Romanian authorities to immediately arrest Ayub when he entered the building. However, a second wave team targeted the same flight the following day and successfully hijacked it, although it crashed in the Arabian desert, killing 62 people aboard.
Ayub was sentenced to 7 years' imprisonment, but was released after only ten months.
Life in Canada.
In 1988, his uncle sponsored him to move to Canada under the auspice of a program designed specifically for displaced Lebanese to immigrate to the country. He received his Canadian citizenship four years later.
He married a woman from Detroit, and began working at a grocery store, while taking night courses at University.
In 1994, his marriage fell apart due to arguments concerning his wife's desire to avoid having children; he remarried a Lebanese woman, and they had a son, Abbas, the following year. In 1997, a second son, Mohamed, was also born. He found work at a computer company, but moved back to Lebanon in 2000, citing his wife's unhappiness away from their home country. A third child was also born to the couple.
Return to Lebanon.
After moving to Lebanon, Ayub and his wife opened a bakery and ran a construction supply outlet, but his businesses began to falter, and the family found themselves in increasing debt. Around this time, he was contacted by old friends in Hezbollah who suggested there was still a place for him in the organisation.
Several months later, Ayub flew from Lebanon to Greece, and there obtained a forged American passport under the name "Frank Bushy" with which he sailed to Haifa, Israel in October 2000. Upon arriving in Israel, he headed for the West Bank.
While in the West Bank, he launched a failed attempt to free three prominent prisoners, Mustafa Dirani, Abdel Karim Obeid and Jihad Shuman, leaving twelve people dead.
In late 2002, Ayub was questioned by Israeli authorities, and explained he was in the region to help oppressed Muslims as a volunteer.
He was arrested on June 25 after Israeli forces stormed the police station where he was located, and Canada was informed of his arrest eight days later. He received three consular visits from Canada, and was tried in Tel Aviv district court by judge Zacharia Caspi.

</doc>
<doc id="18865612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865612" title="Aslanbek Khushtov">
Aslanbek Khushtov

Aslanbek Vitalievich Khushtov () (born 1 July 1980 in Kabardino-Balkar ASSR) is a Circassian (Kabarday) wrestler, who has won a gold medal in the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18865619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865619" title="Mirko Englich">
Mirko Englich

Mirko Englich (born 28 August 1978 in Witten) is a German wrestler, who won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He defeated U.S.A's Adam Wheeler in the semi-finals to face Russia's Aslanbek Khushtov.

</doc>
<doc id="18865642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865642" title="Supersymmetry algebra">
Supersymmetry algebra

In theoretical physics, a supersymmetry algebra (or SUSY algebra) is one of the symmetry algebras incorporating supersymmetry, a relation between bosons and fermions, allowed by the Haag–Lopuszanski–Sohnius theorem as supersymmetries of the S-matrix. The supersymmetry algebra contains not only the Poincaré algebra and a compact subalgebra of internal symmetries, but also contains some fermionic supercharges, transforming as a sum of "N" real spinor representations of the Poincaré group. When "N">1 the algebra is said to have extended supersymmetry. The supersymmetry algebra is a semidirect product of a central extension of the super Poincaré algebra by a compact Lie algebra "B" of internal symmetries. 
Bosonic fields commute while fermionic fields anticommute. In order to relate the two kinds of fields in a single algebra, the introduction of a Z2-grading under which the even elements are bosonic and the odd elements are fermionic is required. Such an algebra is called a Lie superalgebra.
The spin-statistics theorem shows that bosons have integer spin, while fermions have half-integer spin. Consequently, the odd elements in a supersymmetry algebra need to have half-integer spin, in contrast to the tensorial symmetries which are more traditional symmetries in physics.
Just as one can have representations of a Lie algebra, one can also have representations of a Lie superalgebra, called supermultiplets. For each Lie algebra, there exists an associated Lie group which is connected and simply connected, unique up to isomorphism, and the representations of the algebra can be extended to create group representations. In the same way, representations of a Lie superalgebra can sometimes be extended into representations of a Lie supergroup.
Structure of a supersymmetry algebra.
The general supersymmetry algebra for spacetime dimension "d", and with the fermionic piece consisting of a sum of "N" irreducible real spinor representations, has a structure of the form
where
The terms "bosonic" and "fermionic" refer to even and odd subspaces of the superalgebra. 
The terms "scalar", "spinor", "vector", refer to the behavior of subalgebras under the action of the Lorentz algebra "L".
The number "N" is the number of irreducible real spin representations. When the signature of spacetime is divisible by 4 this is ambiguous as in this case there are two different irreducible real spinor representations, and the number "N" is sometimes replaced by a pair of integers ("N"1, "N"2). 
The supersymmetry algebra is sometimes regarded as a real super algebra, and sometimes as a complex algebra with a hermitian conjugation. These two views are essentially equivalent, as the real algebra can be constructed from the complex algebra by taking the skew-Hermitian elements, and the complex algebra can be constructed from the real one by taking tensor produect with the complex numbers.
The bosonic part of the superalgebra is isomorphic to the product of the Poincaré algebra "P"."L" with the algebra "Z"×"B" of internal symmetries. 
When "N">1 the algebra is said to have extended supersymmetry.
When "Z" is trivial, the subalgebra "P"."Q"."L" is the Super-Poincaré algebra.

</doc>
<doc id="18865647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865647" title="Eduardo de la Torre">
Eduardo de la Torre

Eduardo "Yayo" de la Torre Menchaca (born 4 December 1962) is a former international Mexican footballer who was born in Guadalajara and current manager of Morelia. He later became a manager of C.D. Guadalajara, Santos Laguna and Chiapas.
In December 2010 he was appointed as one of the assistant managers to his brother José Manuel de la Torre for the Mexican national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18865649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865649" title="Adam Wheeler">
Adam Wheeler

Adam Wheeler (born March 24, 1981) is an American wrestler, best known for his bronze medal performance at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18865669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865669" title="Asset Mambetov">
Asset Mambetov

Asset Mambetov (born 10 June 1982) is a Kazakh wrestler, who has won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He is a trainer for heavy weighted wrestlres in Kazakhstan.

</doc>
<doc id="18865670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865670" title="Lower Engadine">
Lower Engadine

The Lower Engadine is part of the Engadin valley, traversed by the Inn river and located in Eastern Switzerland in the Canton Graubünden.
In contrast to the elevated plain of the Upper Engadin, where the upper reaches of the Inn River flow gently down the valley, the geological background of the Lower Inn Valley forms a very different landscape. The right flank of the valley, the Lower Engadin Dolomites, is highly jagged, densely forested and steep. Glaciers and rivers have marked the left side of the valley in many different ways, where the geological structure has allowed for the formation of a fairly broad valley floor and sofly rising, rounded landscape features with high-lying terraces, which is where most of the villages - with the notable exception of the main town Scuol - are located.
Tourism.
History of tourism.
In the Lower Engadine tourism became important in 1913 with the opening of the train station in Scuol, since then it has been well connected to the rest of Switzerland. 
In 1369 the mineral sources in Scuol were mentioned for the first time but the health benefits were known even earlier. The most important tourism attraction is the Bogn Engiadina Scuol inaugurated in 1993.
Further, the opening of the Vereina tunnel in 1999 reduced the trip length from Zurich to Scuol considerably so now it is possible to do a one day trip to Scuol, visit the Bogn Engiadina and return in the evening.
With 80 km of courses, the inauguration of the Motta Naluns ski area in 1956 was another important date in the history of tourism in Scuol.
Local cuisine.
The Lower Engadine cuisine has not lost its originality. This regional cuisine is characterized by the use of selected local spices which have the rare ability to infuse a dish with a certain Engadine taste. In general, the basic ingredients of the dishes are quite alimentary, using potatoes and meat because the Engadine farmers of former times had a hard daily working life. Additionally, expensive ingredients weren’t available to the mainly poor farmers. Because of the local way of preparation, dishes vary from kitchen to kitchen and village to village.

</doc>
<doc id="18865687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865687" title="Mindaugas Mizgaitis">
Mindaugas Mizgaitis

Mindaugas Mizgaitis (born October 14, 1979 in Kaunas, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian amateur wrestler, who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Career.
Mizgaitis' first competition in amateur wrestling was in 2000, at the World Junior Championships, when he placed 6th. In 2001, Mizgaitis won the Lithuanian Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18865696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865696" title="Dascălu">
Dascălu

Dascălu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18865699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865699" title="Chi Lupi">
Chi Lupi

Chi Lupi (Chi Lup, χ Lupi, χ Lup) is a spectroscopic binary star in the constellation of Lupus. It has an apparent visual magnitude of approximately 3.957. The primary star in the binary is a mercury-manganese star of spectral type B9.5V; the secondary is a metallic-lined star of type A2Vm.
This system is a proper motion member of the Upper Scorpius sub-group in the
Scorpius-Centaurus OB association,
the nearest such co-moving association of massive stars to the Sun.
The Upper Scorpius subgroup contains thousands of stars with an average age of 11 million years old at
with mean distances of 145 parsecs (470 light years).

</doc>
<doc id="18865704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865704" title="Carolyn Brown">
Carolyn Brown

Carolyn Brown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18865706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865706" title="1947 Cannes Film Festival">
1947 Cannes Film Festival

The 2nd Cannes Film Festival was held on September 12-25, 1947.
Jury.
The following were the Jury for the "Feature films" and "Shorts": The entire jury at this festival were French.
Films in competition.
The following films were selected as In Competition:
Short films.
The following short films were selected as In Competition:

</doc>
<doc id="18865707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865707" title="Joshua Slack (beach volleyball)">
Joshua Slack (beach volleyball)

Joshua Slack (born 16 December 1976) is a beach volleyball player from Australia. 
He represented Australia at the 2000 Summer Olympics with team mate Matthew Grinlaubs. Slack and team mate Andrew Schacht represented Australia at the 2004 Summer Olympics, and the 2008 Summer Olympics.
An eleven-year pro on the Australian Beach Volleyball (ABV) circuit, “Jumpin’” Josh Slack has collected more than 10 ABV Tour event and Australian Championships titles. In 2006-07, he outshone his peers on his way to winning the ABV Tour MVP. A three-time Olympian, he’s also collected medals in international competitions such as the Canadian FIVB Tour and the World Championships. 

</doc>
<doc id="18865724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865724" title="Satoshi Shimizu">
Satoshi Shimizu

Boxing career.
Shimizu started boxing at a gym in Kurashiki, Okayama in the third grade of junior high school.
He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics at featherweight (– 57 kg) but lost his first bout 9–12 to Yakup Kılıç. He was not happy about the judgement, and turned down the offers to sign professional contracts in order to win a medal at the Olympics. He secured the bronze medal in the featherweight division in the 2009 Asian Amateur Boxing Championships in Zhuhai, China, and won the National Sports Festival of Japan in the lightweight division to become a three-division champion of that title in the same year.
In January 2010, he had surgery on the shoulder injury that has plagued him for years, and won the regional round of the National Sports Festival all by RSC in the lightweight division. Only one week after that, he moved down in weight class to the bantamweight division because the featherweight division has been removed in the AIBA events for the 2012 Summer Olympics since September 2010, and participated in the Asian Games, but lost in the quarterfinals.
Shimizu qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the bantamweight division. He beat Isaac Dogboe 10-9, then was initially declared the loser in his second fight by Magomed Abdulhamidov of Azerbaijan due to controversial judging and refereeing. At the beginning of the third round, he was trailing the Azerbaijani by 7 points however in the last 2 minutes of that round the Azerbaijani began to tire. Shimizu repeatedly knocked his opponent down, in total 6 times. AIBA officially overturned the ruling after an appeal by the Japanese Coach stating that Abdulhamidov should have been given at least 3 warnings and therefore disqualified.
Shimizu defeated Algeria's Mohamed Ouadahi 17–15 in the quarter-finals but lost to Great Britain's Luke Campbell 20–11 in the semi-finals which won him the bronze medal. It was Japan's first men's boxing medal since 1968. Shimizu made a significant contribution to Japan's 2012 Olympic boxing team as an icebreaker.

</doc>
<doc id="18865735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865735" title="Savez Radio-Amatera Srbije">
Savez Radio-Amatera Srbije

The Savez Radio-Amatera Srbije (SRS) (in English, Amateur Radio Union of Serbia) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Serbia. Key membership benefits of SRS include the sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards and radio contests, and a QSL bureau for those members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries. SRS represents the interests of Serbian amateur radio operators before national, European, and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. SRS is the national member society representing Serbia in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18865747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865747" title="Dan Walters">
Dan Walters

Daniel Gene "Dan" Walters (August 15, 1966 in Brunswick, Maine) was a Major League Baseball player. Walters played for the San Diego Padres in the 1992 and 1993 seasons. in 84 career games, He had 64 hits in 273 at-bats, with a .234 batting average.
After his playing days were over, Walters worked as a law enforcement officer. He became paralyzed from the neck down after a 2003 shooting.

</doc>
<doc id="18865756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865756" title="Golden-breasted Woodpecker">
Golden-breasted Woodpecker

The Golden-breasted Woodpecker (Colaptes (melanochloros) melanolaimus) is a bird in the woodpecker family, Picidae. It is sometimes considered a distinct species "C. melanolaimus". But more likely it is the southern populations of the Green-barred Woodpecker ("Colaptes melanochloros"), as it intergrades with the northern populations along the Paraná and Uruguay Rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="18865764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865764" title="Klipfel">
Klipfel

James H. Klipfel Memorial Nature Sanctuary at Brockway Mountain, commonly referred to as Klipfel or Klipfel Memorial, is a nature sanctuary located in Keweenaw County, Michigan. It is maintained and preserved by the Michigan Nature Association, which is a non-profit organization dedicated to protecting Michigan's exceptional natural habitats and extraordinary and endangered plants and animals. The sanctuary is located near Copper Harbor on Brockway Mountain Drive. Brockway Mountain is the backdrop for the dramatic scenery of this sanctuary. The alkaline bedrock outcrops, cliff faces and many ledges create habitats for a variety of unusual plants. Spring hawk migrations can often be seen from the overlook at this sanctuary.

</doc>
<doc id="18865772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865772" title="Eglis Yaima Cruz">
Eglis Yaima Cruz

Eglis Yaima Cruz (born 12 April 1980 in Sancti Spíritus) is a female Cuban sports shooter. She won the bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18865819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865819" title="City Hall Historic District">
City Hall Historic District

City Hall Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18865825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865825" title="Mercury-manganese star">
Mercury-manganese star

A mercury-manganese star is a type of chemically peculiar star with a prominent spectral line at 398.4 nm, due to absorption from ionized mercury. These stars are of spectral type B8, B9, or A0, corresponding to surface temperatures between about 10,000 and 15,000 K, with two distinctive characteristics:
Their rotation is relatively slow, and as a consequence their atmosphere is relatively calm. It is thought, but has not been proven, that some types of atoms sink under the force of gravity, while others are lifted towards the exterior of the star by radiation pressure, making an heterogeneous atmosphere.
The following table includes the brightest stars in this group.

</doc>
<doc id="18865836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865836" title="Pot o' Gold (film)">
Pot o' Gold (film)

"Pot o' Gold" is a 1941 American romantic musical comedy film starring James Stewart and Paulette Goddard, directed by George Marshall, and based on the radio series "Pot o' Gold". The film was released April 3, 1941, eight months before the NBC radio series came to an end. Paulette Goddard's singing voice was dubbed by Vera Van.
The film is also known as Jimmy Steps Out (American alternative title) and as The Golden Hour (in the United Kingdom).
Background.
"Pot o' Gold" was radio's first big-money giveaway program, garnering huge ratings within four weeks of its 1939 debut. The program's success prompted production of the film. The premise of the radio program, created by Ed Byron, was that any person who picked up the telephone when host Horace Heidt called would automatically win $1000. Phone numbers were chosen by three spins on the Wheel of Fortune: (1) choice of phone directory, (2) page number and (3) the line on the page. The series ran on NBC from September 26, 1939 to December 23, 1941 and later a new show by the same name from October 2, 1946 to March 26, 1947 on ABC.
Plot.
The film tells of a couple romantically involved despite family feuds.
Jimmy Haskell (Stewart) is the former owner of a defunct music store. His uncle, C.J. Haskell (Charles Winninger), dislikes music and has long wanted Jimmy to join him in his health food business. Jimmy only agrees after his music store is closed. When Jimmy arrives at his uncle's place, he is confronted by members of the McCorkle family, who play in Heidt's band and often practice outside C.J.'s business. As C.J. hates music, he is infuriated and attempts to stop the band using the police. Unsuccessful, he is thrown a tomato by Jimmy, unintentionally. Jimmy is then made a hero by the band and the McCorkles, who do not know his true identity. Molly McCorkle (Goddard) falls in love with him.
When Jimmy substitutes for C.J. on the Haskell radio program, two band members find out his identity. They work together to devise a scheme to persuade C.J. to take a vacation. In the meantime, Jimmy takes over the operation of the business and invites Heidt's band to play on the radio. Molly learns Jimmy's identity, and in anger, she says the Haskell program will give away $1000 every week. Jimmy has no choice but to find a way to hand out the cash, and a federal investigator reminds him that using lottery to give the 1000 dollars is illegal.
Jimmy plans to use phone books and a roulette-style game to find winners. The Haskell program grows immensely popular and attracts lucrative advertising contracts. This reconciles the Haskell and McCorkles, paving the way for the marriage between Jimmy and Molly.
Reception.
Stewart later referred to the film as the worst one he ever appeared in.
Nine years later, Stewart did another movie about a big-money radio show, "The Jackpot" (1950).

</doc>
<doc id="18865838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865838" title="List of Hoshin Engi chapters">
List of Hoshin Engi chapters

The chapters of the Japanese shōnen action-fantasy manga series Hoshin Engi were written and illustrated by Ryu Fujisaki, and serialized in "Weekly Shōnen Jump" from 1996 to 2000. Shueisha collected the individual chapters in 23 "tankōbon" volumes, with the first released on November 1, 1996 and volume 23 released on December 22, 2000. Shueisha later re-released the series in 18 "kanzenban" volumes, with the first volume released on July 4, 2005 and volume 18 released on April 4, 2006. The series is based on the ancient Chinese novel "Fengshen Yanyi", and as such follows Chinese mythology and history, focusing on the last members of the Shang Dynasty and the plot to overthrow them.
Viz Media announced at Comic-Con 2006 that they had acquired the rights to translate "Hoshin Engi" into English and distribute it in North America. Viz released volume 1 on June 5, 2007, with volume 15 being the most recent one released, on October 6, 2009. The series has also been licensed in French by Glénat, in German by Egmont Manga & Anime, in Dutch by Glénat Benelux, and in Chinese in Taiwan by Tong Li Publishing.
"Hoshin Engi" has been adapted into a 26-episode anime television series titled "Soul Hunter" by the Japanese animation studio Studio Deen. The TV series, which was directed by Junji Nishimura, aired on TV Tokyo from July 3 to December 25, 1999. "Hoshin Engi" has also had several other adaptations, including a video game for the Game Boy Advance and WonderSwan, and several audio dramas released in 2005.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18865849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865849" title="Wendy Saschenbrecker">
Wendy Saschenbrecker

Wendy Saschenbrecker (born June 24, 1976) is a Taiwanese-born Canadian fencer from Ottawa. She was born in Taiwan and moved to Canada at the age of five.
Saschenbrecker began fencing at the University of Ottawa in 1995. She is a graduate of the University of Ottawa and from McGill University. She works as a manager with the Canada Revenue Agency. In 2006, she won a silver medal at the Pan American Championships. 
At the 2008 Summer Olympics she was a member of the Canadian Sabre team that finished 7th place.

</doc>
<doc id="18865882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865882" title="Always Leave the Ground">
Always Leave the Ground

Always Leave the Ground, also written as ...Always Leave the Ground on the album cover, is the second album released by This Day and Age on its label One Eleven Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18865895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865895" title="Fotheringham">
Fotheringham

Fotheringham is a surname of Scottish origination which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18865900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865900" title="Horace James Seymour">
Horace James Seymour

Sir Horace James Seymour GCMG CVO (26 February 1885 - 10 September 1978) was a British diplomat, Ambassador of the United Kingdom to China from 1942 to 1946.
Early life and family.
The elder son of Hugh Francis Seymour and the grandson of Col. Hugh Henry Seymour, brother of the Peelite member of parliament Sir Horace Seymour (1791–1851), Seymour was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge. 
He was a descendant of many notable Seymours, including Admiral Lord Hugh Seymour, Francis Seymour-Conway, 1st Marquess of Hertford, and Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset. His great aunt, Adelaide Horatia Elizabeth Seymour (1825–1877) married Frederick Spencer, 4th Earl Spencer and became an ancestor of Diana, Princess of Wales.
Career.
Seymour entered the Foreign Office and Diplomatic Service in 1908. He was Second Secretary at the British Embassy to the United States in 1919, First Secretary in the Netherlands in 1923 and in Italy in 1925, then from 1932 to 1936 Principal Private Secretary to the British Foreign Secretary. He was next British Minister ('Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary') in Tehran, from 1936 to 1939, Assistant Under-Secretary of State at the Foreign Office, 1939 to 1942, and then British Ambassador to China, from 1942 to 1946. He retired in 1947.
Between April 1947 and July 1947, he was a member of the Franco-Siamese Boundary Commission in Washington, D.C., and in December 1947 was appointed chairman of the British Delegation to the Balkans Commission, based at Salonika, in Greece.
Marriage and children.
In 1917, Seymour married Violet, daughter of Thomas Edward Erskine, and they had three daughters, Jane (who died in infancy on 15 Aug 1918), Joan, and Virginia, and one son, Hugh Francis Seymour (born 14 December 1926). They lived at Bratton House, Bratton, Westbury, Wiltshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18865932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865932" title="List of Fullmetal Alchemist light novels">
List of Fullmetal Alchemist light novels

The "Fullmetal Alchemist" light novels are based on the manga "Fullmetal Alchemist" by Hiromu Arakawa. "Fullmetal Alchemist" began serialization in Square Enix's monthly manga anthology "Monthly Shonen Gangan" its August 2001 issue and concluded in June 2010. Square Enix has published a series of seven light novel adaptations based on the series, all written by Makoto Inoue with illustrations provided by Arakawa. The novels follow the Elric brothers on their continued quest for the Philosopher's Stone. The first novel of the series, "Fullmetal Alchemist: The Land of Sand", was used as the source material for episodes 11 and 12 of the "Fullmetal Alchemist" anime adaptation. 
The first novel was published in February 2003, and the sixth on March 22, 2007. Square Enix has also published novelizations of their three "Fullmetal Alchemist" PlayStation 2 action role-playing video games: "Fullmetal Alchemist and the Broken Angel", ', and '. The first novel was written by Makoto Inoue; the other two were written by Jun Eishima. However, none of these have been published in North America.
Viz Media acquired the license for an English language release of the light novel series simultaneously with the license for the original manga. The "Fullmetal Alchemist" novels were one of the premiere titles for Viz's new Fiction imprint and were translated by Alexander O. Smith. As of December 2007, five of the seven novels have been released in North America.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18865942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865942" title="HMS Assistance (1747)">
HMS Assistance (1747)

HMS "Assistance" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at a private yard on the River Medway to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment, and launched on 22 December 1773.
"Assistance" served until 1773, when she was sold out of the navy.

</doc>
<doc id="18865945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865945" title="Sunnyside Amusement Park">
Sunnyside Amusement Park

Sunnyside Amusement Park was a popular amusement park in Toronto, Ontario, Canada that ran from 1922 to 1955, demolished in 1955 to facilitate the building of the Metro Toronto Gardiner Expressway project. It was located on the Lake Ontario waterfront at the foot of Roncesvalles Avenue, west of downtown Toronto.
The name 'Sunnyside' was the name of a local farm owned by John George Howard, which was situated just to the north, on the location of the current St. Joseph's Medical Centre. Sunnyside Avenue runs north-south from that location north to Howard Park Avenue today. John Howard is also famous as the original landowner of the nearby High Park.
Construction.
Prior to the construction of the park, the shoreline was a narrow stretch immediately to the south of the 1850s era rail lines. There was enough area for a restaurant and a small fenced off area was provided for changing into swimwear. To the east, the club-house of the Parkdale Canoe Club jutted out into the lake.
A plan was developed in 1913 by the new Toronto Harbour Commission to improve the shore lands from the foot of Bathurst Street to the Humber River. The plan, which included four miles (6 km) of breakwater, infilling of land, and the construction of the Lake Shore Boulevard, cost $13 million, and was paid for by the federal government. 
A boardwalk along the south side of Lake Shore Boulevard was built, from the Humber River east to Wilson Park Avenue, in width using white pine planks. This corresponded to the length of shoreline that was extended out into the lake. This boardwalk became the site of annual Easter Parades until 1953. It was rebuilt in 1934 as a make-work project and was paved using asphalt in the 1960s.
The Amusement Park lands themselves were completely created from sand dredged from the bottom of the bay and top soil from a farm in Pickering, Ontario. The original shoreline was extended into the lake by approximately 100 metres, from the foot of Wilson Park Avenue west to the Humber River, a distance of about 1 kilometre. Only a small length of the original shoreline and beach exists today, located between the Boulevard Club and the Canadian Legion building at the intersection of Dowling Avenue and Lake Shore Boulevard.
One of the first new buildings was the Sunnyside Pavilion, a curved structure providing a restaurant with views of the lake. It was located just to the east of Parkside Drive at the shoreline. Following this, the Sunnyside Bathing Pavilion and Dean's Sunnyside Pleasure Boats buildings were constructed. Soon after, concessions were requested and granted to operate amusements on the lands. 
Sunnyside Amusement Park opened in 1922. At the time, there was an existing amusement park on Toronto Island at Hanlan's Point. It only operated a few more years until 1927 when a baseball stadium at the foot of Bathurst Street was built, replacing the stadium on the Island. Another amusement park, the Scarborough Beach Amusement Park was built in Scarborough, Ontario, to the east of Toronto.
Attractions.
The park was popular for its large roller coaster, known as the 'Flyer', several merry-go-rounds, the Derby Racer steeplechase ride and numerous smaller attractions. It also hosted several 'stunt events' including flagpole sitting, famous boat burnings in Lake Ontario and fireworks displays.
Other popular attractions included outdoor and indoor musical concerts, night clubs, and restaurants and walking along the boardwalk. In 1923, dog races were held on the lawn in front of the Bathing Pavilion.
Bathing Pavilion.
By the 1920s, swimming at the foot of Roncesvalles had been popular for over thirty years, as there was a swimming area near a pumping station. This changed in 1913 when the pumping station was demolished to make way for the bridge connecting Lakeshore Road and the King/Queen/Roncesvalles intersection. A staircase was built for pedestrians to walk down to the shoreline. A slide was installed for bathers to slide down into the water. By 1920, this area was filled in and the beach was moved further to the south.
On June 28, 1922, Toronto Mayor Alfred Maguire opened the Sunnyside Bathing Pavilion to help bathers change for the swim in the lake. The building, constructed of concrete, cost $300,000. Each wing held an outdoor changing area, lockers and showers, the women's side on the east, and men's side on the west. It offered over 7700 lockers for patrons, a roof garden for 400. Admission fees were 25¢ for adults and 15¢ for children, and bathing suits and towels could be rented. In the center was a staircase leading to an upper terrace which overlooked the change areas leading to a rear terrace which ran the full length of the building and overlooked the beach.
On July 29, 1925, due to coldness of the lake during the preceding two summers, the Sunnyside Pool, nicknamed the 'Tank', was opened beside the Bathing Pavilion to the east. It measured by and could accommodate 2,000 swimmers. At the time of construction, the pool was considered the largest outdoor swimming pool in the world. Admission fees were 35¢ for adults, 10¢ for children.
Sunnyside Pavilion.
Sunnyside Pavilion provided two restaurants and a tea garden facing the lakeshore. It was curved into a crescent with the tea garden positioned within the semicircle. It was designed by the same architects and was in the same style as the Bathing Pavilion, immediately to the west.
It was built in 1917 on the south side of Lakeshore Road. When built, its south side was on the lakeshore. As infill proceeded it ended up about 50 metres from shore, on the north side of the new Lake Shore Boulevard. In 1920, the building was enlarged and a new south entrance was built facing the lake. The restaurant had the Blue Room for 400 diners/175 dancing couples, and the Rose Room for a further 300 diners/150 couples. Dancing followed supper, with music provided by the Joe DeCourcy live orchestra.
In 1936, the Pavilion was renovated and became known as the Club Esquire supper club, with stage shows and dancing.
In 1941, the building was converted into the Top Hat night club. It was demolished in 1956 to make way for the new westbound lanes of Lake Shore Boulevard.
Sunnyside Flyer.
The "Sunnyside Flyer" roller-coaster, advertised as having the "dippiest-dips on the continent" was opened in 1923. It was designed by veteran amusement ride builder A. J. Miller, who had built most of the attractions at the prior Hanlan's Point amusement park, and had built roller coasters in North America and Blackpool, England. The coaster was redesigned in 1933 with increased height and speeds.
Sunnyside Stadium.
The Sunnyside Stadium softball and lacrosse field was opened on May 19, 1925 immediately to the east of the amusement park, next to the current Boulevard Club, then the Parkdale Canoe Club. It was the site of several popular women's softball leagues. It was bulldozed in 1956 for the current Boulevard Club parking lot.
Palais Royale/Dean's Sunnyside Pleasure Boats.
Opening in 1922, the Palais Royale building provided a factory for Walter Dean to build his "Sunnyside Torpedo Canoe" on the lower floor, and the Palais Royale dance hall on the upper floor. The upper floor opened at ground level on the north, and the land sloped downwards to the lake shore line, where the lower level opened onto the lake. The factory also rented canoes and rowboats. Dean had been building boats in a nearby building that was demolished to build the amusement park and the Harbour Commission built the new building, which cost $80,000. The boat-building business ended not long after the opening of the amusement park, and Mr. Dean retired. The dance hall took over the whole building. 
During the era of the amusement park, the dance hall operated as a nightclub with nightly live music along with special engagements from musicians such as Count Basie. From 1933 to 1950, Bert Niosi "Canada's King of Swing", provided the house orchestra. The hall still exists today as a special occasions event hall.
Demolition.
The plans for the Gardiner Expressway were known since 1943, as part of a City of Toronto Planning Board report which called for tens of miles of super-highways criss-crossing the Toronto urban area. But it was not until after several fires in the winter of 1955 that the Toronto Harbour Commission ordered the park's demolition, facilitating the building of the roadway. Lake Shore Boulevard was the scene of regular traffic jams and the park was seen to be impeding 'progress' to the development of Toronto.
Most rides were demolished, however several amusements including the Derby Racer were moved to the Canadian National Exhibition (C.N.E), and the carousel to Disneyland where it was renamed the King Arthur Carrousel. Only the Sunnyside Pool and Bathing Pavilion and the Palais Royale buildings survive in place as relics of the Park. For two summers afterwards, a small children's amusement area named 'Kiddieland' was operated to the south of Lake Shore Boulevard, the site of Budapest Park today. It was operated by Conklin Shows. A children's amusement park, 'Centreville Amusement Park', was later built on the Toronto Islands.
The old Lakeshore Road and its connecting bridge to the King/Queen/Roncesvalles intersection was demolished also. The Lake Shore Boulevard roadway was doubled from four lanes to eight lanes in the area of the amusement park with a large empty median between the lanes in each direction. For several years afterwards the median was used as parking lot for the annual Canadian National Exhibition. A pedestrian bridge was built to the south-side of Lake Shore Boulevard to replace the bridge and stairs that was demolished.
Starting July 21, 1957 the Queen streetcars that travelled down the old bridge and served the shoreline and park were moved to a new track to the north of the rail lines, in the middle of the new 'The Queensway' roadway, and the old tracks were removed.
In 1964, the lands of the park were transferred from Harbour Commission ownership to the City of Toronto, which has operated Budapest Park along the shoreline ever since, but most of the remaining lands of the amusement park are vacant or are roadways or parking lots. 
In 1972, the Sunnyside train station just to the north of the old park ceased operations.
The area today.
The boardwalk was removed and replaced with a boardwalk made of recycled plastic planks. A children's playground was built just east of the Ryder Pool. A recreation trail, part of the Martin Goodman Trail, was built south of Lake Shore Boulevard through the area for cyclists and in-line skaters.

</doc>
<doc id="18865949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865949" title="Sing Something Simple">
Sing Something Simple

Sing Something Simple was a half-hour radio programme, which featured Cliff Adams and The Cliff Adams Singers, with Jack Emblow on accordion. The programme ran for 42 years from 1959 until 2001, initially on the Light Programme and later on BBC Radio 2, and earning itself the title of the longest-running continuous music programme in the world. 
Format.
The lyrics to its main theme began as follows:
"Sing something simple"
"As cares go by"
"Sing something simple"
"Just you and I"
When "Sing Something Simple" was broadcast by Radio 2, this song would be followed by an announcer who would say:
""We invite you to Sing Something Simple, a collection of favourite songs, old and new, sung by The Adams Singers, accompanied by Jack Emblow.""
"Old ones, new ones, loved ones, neglected ones."
The tune would then continue:
"We'll sing the old songs" 
"like you used to do,"
"We'll sing something simple for you," 
"something for you."
Ten minutes in, Cliff Adams would perform a piano solo, which he would introduce, after which the singers would continue with a selection of popular songs of varying vintage.
In later years - particularly in the 1980s - in the days when Radio 2's FM frequencies were sometimes leased to Radio 1, the programme would be broadcast directly before the Top 40.
End.
The last broadcast was in 2001. The programme ended partly because of the death of Cliff Adams in that year and partly because of Radio 2's repositioning to appeal to the former Radio 1 audience.

</doc>
<doc id="18865950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865950" title="George Desvallières">
George Desvallières

George Desvallières (1861–1950) was a French painter.
A native of Paris, Desvallières was a great-grandson of academician Gabriel-Marie Legouvé, and received a religious upbringing. He studied at the Académie Julian with Tony Robert-Fleury and with Jules Valadon at the École des Beaux-Arts. He painted portraits at first, but a relationship with Gustave Moreau turned him towards an interest in mythology and religion.
Desvallières became acquainted with ancient art during a trip to Italy in 1890, and upon his return began working in the style with which he was most associated, combining dark subjects and violent color with a dramatic conception of religion. He took as his subjects numerous symbolist characters, such as Narcissus (in 1901), Orpheus (1902), and "The Marche Towards the Ideal" (1903); he also served as one of the founders of the Salon d'Automne. In 1919 he founded the "Ateliers d'Art Sacré" with Maurice Denis, in an attempt to renew interest in religious art. The atelier served a similar function to that performed by artists' studios in the Middle Ages. Desvallières became interested in religious art after losing a son to World War I in 1915; he himself had commanded a battalion in the Vosges during the war.
Desvallières also tackled a number of public and private decorative programs related to the war; among these were windows for the Douaumont ossuary and for a church in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. He also illustrated a number of books and plays, including Edmond Rostand's "La Princesse lointaine" and "Rolla" by Alfred de Musset. Until 1950 he also received State commissions.
Works by Desvallières may be found in the Musée d'Orsay and the Musée du Louvre. He died in Paris in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="18865967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865967" title="The Saturday Knights">
The Saturday Knights

The Saturday Knights are a Seattle and Tacoma, Washington-based musical group whose music spans many genres, ranging from hip hop to pop music. Their debut full-length CD, "Mingle" (2008) features guest appearances from the Dap-Kings, Chris Ballew, Jack Endino, Holly Deye (the bassist from Lillydale), Kim Thayil, and Jim Horn & the Muscle Shoals Horns. This crew of guest artists allowed them to recreate samples they wanted to use on this album but could not for legal reasons.
Its members go by the names Tilson, Barfly, and DJ Suspence (Spencer Manio). The group originally included multi-instrumentalist Brian Weber (ex-Dub Narcotic Sound System), who went by the name of "B-Web" and who left the group shortly before their 2007 South by Southwest appearance.
A June 2007 piece in the "Seattle Times" states that the "genre-flouting" group have been praised by virtually all media in Seattle who cover popular music, but have yet to get geographically broader attention, partly (it conjectures) because their 2007 appearance at South by Southwest in Austin, Texas has been their only non-Seattle-area performance to date.

</doc>
<doc id="18865975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865975" title="Ruby discography">
Ruby discography

This is a discography for the band Ruby
Studio albums.
"Salt Peter".
A version of "Carondelet" originally appeared on the 1994 Pigface album "Notes from Thee Underground" with the title "Chikasaw".

</doc>
<doc id="18865984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18865984" title="Surendranagar city">
Surendranagar city

Surendranagar is a city and a Municipality. It is also known as "Zalawad".
Population of the Surendranagar city is approximately 2,000,00; this includes the population of Wadhvan city, a twin city of Surendranagar. 
The chief agricultural product of Surendranagar district is cotton. In fact Surendranagar district is one of the highest quality producers of cotton in world. First private cotton futures trading exchange was established in Surendranagar.
Many SMEs & industry is also present, and is involved in such things as confectionery, ceramics, pharmaceuticals, engineering plastics and salt production.
Also called the Camp, it is now a major trade and processing center for agricultural products, Agriculture, glass, cotton, salt, pharmaceuticals, chemicals and plastics, textile bearings, ceramics and sanitary-ware.
Economy.
Surendranagar is a hub of cotton and ginning activities of India. One of the largest producer of quality "Shankar" cotton in world. In fact Surendranagar houses first Cotton Trading Exchange in India. Nearly 25% of India's salt supply comes from mining and in the area.
SMEs in various segments like confectionery, textile bearings, ceramics, sanitary-ware, pharmaceuticals, soda ash, bromine, chemicals and plastics have developed to a great extent. Surendranagar being a cotton hub of the country is also home to large number of ginning and pressing units.it is also very good market for supply of fuse and related electrical equipment.
The city is also home to a big textile and clothing market, specially for saris. Big clothing showrooms are located in the city on Jawahar Road and Vithal Press Road. The city has a wholesale grain market called Mehta Market.
In the past, Surendranagar was used as a hill station by the outsiders as it has dry environment. This was mainly because this type of environment helps the people to cure some physical as well as mental tensions. In fact, Surendranagar's dry air is still believed to be the best place in Gujarat to cure T.B. patients.
Surendranagar is Second numbered city in whole Gujarat which have largest numbers of Educational institutes in Compare(level) of population.
Educational Institutes.
There has been an exponential growth in the number of educational institutes in Surendranagar recently. These include:
Graduation and Post-Graduation:
Secondary and Higher Secondary:
Places of interest.
There are many places in the city which are good and visitable.
In the places most favorite of the peoples is '""Fatshar Ganpati Mandir"" and Dholidhaja Dam
Both places of the city Having large numbers of visitors.
in the centre of City there is Tagore Baug situated.
Near GIDC wadhvan Rotary Garden is situated.
Fly Over bridge near Medical college is also good place to watch Sun Set scene.
There is only one place in the whole Gujarat containing two clock towers excattly in opposite position at Tower Road. There are two clock towers, one is the AJRAMAR TOWER(City Tower/Tower in Tanki chowk) and the another one is the clock tower of Town Hall.
One good place containing lots of trees called Vruksh Mandir(Tree Temple) situated on Muli/Rajkot Highway.
Another good place in the Surendranagar is Mandir of Meladi Maa's. It is the center of faith of many peoples.
In the end area of Ratanpar there is the Temple of Rameshvar Mahadev is also good in art and structure.
Sister Cities.
Surendranagar is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="18866002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866002" title="Bressal mac Áedo Róin">
Bressal mac Áedo Róin

Bressal mac Áedo Róin (died 750) was a Dal Fiatach king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland. He reigned from 749 to 750. He was the son of Áed Róin (died 735), a previous king. This family had their base in modern County Down.
His father had been slain in battle in 735 by the high king Áed Allán (died 743) of the Cenél nEógain and the kingship of Ulaid passed to the rival Dal nAraide of southern County Antrim. However in 749 the Dal nAraide king of Ulaid Cathussach mac Ailello was killed at Ráith Beithech (Rathveagh, modern County Antrim) probably in the interest of the Dal Fiatach and Bressal became king. Bressal himself was killed in 750 but the Dal Fiatach retained the kingship.
The king list in the "Book of Leinster" places his reign immediately after his father's and state he ruled for one year. This is the chronology followed by the later and more synthetic "Annals of the Four Masters" which state that he was killed at Dun Celtchair (near Downpatrick). The historian Professor Byrne believes that it is probable there was an interregnum in Ulaid between the reigns of Áed Róin and Bressal's brother Fiachnae mac Áedo Róin (died 789).

</doc>
<doc id="18866011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866011" title="HMS Newcastle (1750)">
HMS Newcastle (1750)

HMS "Newcastle" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Portsmouth Dockyard to the draught specified in the 1745 Establishment, and launched on 4 December 1750.
"Newcastle" foundered during a cyclone in 1761.

</doc>
<doc id="18866036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866036" title="1935–36 New Zealand rugby union tour of Britain, Ireland and Canada">
1935–36 New Zealand rugby union tour of Britain, Ireland and Canada

Matches.
"Scores and results list New Zealand's points tally first."
The matches.
Wales.
Wales: Vivian Jenkins (London Welsh), Geoffrey Rees-Jones (Oxford Univ.), Idwal Rees (Swansea), Claude Davey (Swansea) (capt.), Wilf Wooller (Cambridge Univ.), Cliff Jones (Cambridge Univ.), Haydn Tanner (Swansea), Tom Rees (Newport), Don Tarr, (Swansea), Harry Payne (Swansea), Trevor Williams (Cross Keys), Eddie Watkins (Cardiff), Glyn Prosser (Neath), Jim Lang (Llanelli), Arthur Rees (London Welsh)
New Zealand: G Gilbert, GF Hart, NA Mitchell, N Ball, CJ Oliver, JL Griffiths, BS Sadler, A Lambourn, WE Hadley, D Dalton, ST Reid, RR King, JE Manchester (capt.), A Mahoney, HF McLean

</doc>
<doc id="18866039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866039" title="Joseph Fry (tea merchant)">
Joseph Fry (tea merchant)

Joseph Fry (21 April 1777 – 28 August 1861) was a tea dealer and an unsuccessful banker. He was the husband of Elizabeth Fry, prison reformer.
Parental family.
He was born in London 21 April 1777, the youngest of the three sons, (one of whom died aged 27) and three daughters of William Storrs Fry (1736-1808) and Elizabeth Fry (born Lambert), who were "plain" Quakers. His father had moved from Wiltshire to London and established a company dealing in tea and banking services, later called W. S. Fry & Sons. 
W.S. Fry's brother, Joseph Fry (1728-1787) founded the chocolate factory that was later to become J. S. Fry & Sons and a type-founding works in Bristol, for which the Fry family is famous.
The brothers, Joseph and William Fry (1768-1858) joined the family business. However, their mother is credited with "the financial acumen which had enabled money both to be acquired and prudently managed: it was a quality which perhaps neither of the sons inherited".
Marriage.
On 19 August 1800 at the Norwich Quaker Meeting House, Goats Lane, Norwich, Joseph married Elizabeth Gurney (1780-1845), daughter of John Gurney (1749–1809) and Catherine Gurney (born Bell, 1755-1792). The bride's family were proverbially wealthy bankers, originally based in Norwich.
Children.
There were five sons and six daughters (one of whom died in infancy): 
Business difficulties.
During the 1812 financial panic in the City of London, William Fry precipitated a crisis, by lending a large amount of the bank's money to his wife's family, undermining its solvency. It was Joseph's wife, with her Gurney financial grasp and her connections, who pulled things through; her brother John Gurney (1781-1814), brother-in-law Samuel Hoare III (1783-1847) and cousin Hudson Gurney (1775- 1864) came to inspect the firm's accounts and, left her in no doubt that they would do “what is needful for us” which, meant a large investment in the W.S. Fry & Sons bank.
During the 1825 City financial crisis, Elizabeth Fry's relations saved the firm from bankruptcy. When the same problems recurred in 1828, no further Gurney support was offered and on 21 November, W.S. Fry closed.
The Gurneys acted as receivers and saved the tea merchant business, placing it under their control with Joseph Fry on a salary of £600 per year. 
Bankruptcy was not tolerated by the Religious Society of Friends. Joseph Fry was disowned by Ratcliff & Barking Monthly Meeting in May 1829: however he was re-instated, with much admonition in 1838.
Changes of residence.
When they were first married, they lived “over the shop” in St. Mildred Court, Poultry, City of London. After his father's death in 1808, they moved to the grander Plashet House, East Ham. In 1829, they needed to reduce their expenditure and moved to a smaller house in “The Cedars”, Upton Lane. After the death of Joseph's sister, Elizabeth Fry (1779-1844), they moved to her home, Plashet Cottage, East Ham. He lived there until his death on 28 August 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="18866044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866044" title="Marta Benavides">
Marta Benavides

Rev. Marta Benavides (born in San Salvador, El Salvador) is a theologian, ordained minister, permaculturist, educator, and artist. 
Activism.
She is one of the last surviving activists from the original group of human rights and peace advocates who began their work during the 1970s and in a rising climate of repression. A leader of an ecumenical revolution focused on bringing peace to her country, the ordained pastor who chose “to live and not die for the revolution” has been bringing people from all fields to defend human rights and develop a culture of peace. In the early 1980s, Benavides was head of the Ecumenical Committee for Humanitarian Aid, a group sponsored by the Archbishop Óscar Romero to provide support to the victims of violence. After Romero’s assassination in 1980, she continued to work for durable peace, in 1982 Benavides went into exile and worked for the next decade from Mexico and the United States to bring an end to the war in her country, and achieve a negotiated settlement under the UN.
Work for Peace.
In 1991 a year before the peace accords were signed, Benavides returned home and founded the International Institute for Cooperation Amongst Peoples, which promotes the values and practices of a culture of peace. She established community training centers and travels throughout the country conducting workshops on sustainable agriculture, human rights, the prevention of community and family violence. She has founded the Siglo XXIII, the 23rd Century Movement for Sustainable Peace which works for social transformation through culture.
http://www.earthrights.net/about/benavides.html
Awards.
In 2003, she was one of 33 Laureates of the Women's World Summit Foundation Prize for Women's Creativity in Rural Life. In 2005 she was among the 1,000 women nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. In 2009, she was awarded the Woman Peacemaker Prize from the Institute of Joan B. Kroc for Peace and Justice in the University of San Diego, California. She is one of the co-chairs of the Global Call to Action Against Poverty (GCAP) and sits on various boards at the international level. She continues to work for a culture of peace in her country and the world, through various initiatives at the UN and with civil society movements.

</doc>
<doc id="18866046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866046" title="1949 Cannes Film Festival">
1949 Cannes Film Festival

The 3rd Cannes Film Festival was held on September 2-17, 1949. No festival was held in 1948.
The Grand Prize of the Festival went to the "The Third Man" by Carol Reed. The festival opened with "L'Arroseur Arrosé" by Louis Lumière, a 1895 French comedy short-film, paying tribute to cinema's first comedy film.
Jury.
The entire jury for this festival were French.
Films in competition.
The following films were selected as In Competition:

</doc>
<doc id="18866077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866077" title="Branko Grahovac">
Branko Grahovac

Branko Grahovac (; born July 8, 1983) is a Bosnian
Career.
He started playing in the youth squads of FK Zeta and started playing as a senior in a lower league FK Bratstvo. After only one season he was back to Zeta where he played in the First League of FR Yugoslavia until 2005. Then he moved to Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina FK Željezničar. After two seasons there, he signed with Serbian SuperLiga club Borac Čačak. In January 2010 he signed for Romanian club Oţelul Galaţi.
Personal life.
Grahovac is an ethnic Serb (see Serbs in Bosnia and Herzegovina).

</doc>
<doc id="18866082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866082" title="North Shore-LIJ Health System">
North Shore-LIJ Health System

The North Shore-LIJ Health System was founded in 1997 with the merger of the North Shore Health System and LIJ Medical Center, creating a healthcare network that now includes 17 hospitals, The Feinstein Institute for Medical Research, rehabilitation and skilled nursing facilities, a home care network, a hospice network, and progressive care centers offering a range of outpatient services.
Headquartered in Great Neck, New York, North Shore-LIJ is the largest integrated health system in New York State, based on patient revenue, and the 14th-largest healthcare system in the United States. Its service area encompasses more than seven million people in Long Island, Manhattan, Queens and Staten Island. With more than 47,000 employees, North Shore-LIJ is the largest private employer in New York State. 
Hospitals.
Tertiary (teaching) hospitals
Specialty care hospitals
Community hospitals
Affiliate hospitals
Strategic partners
North Shore-LIJ Medical Group.
North Shore-LIJ has the nation's seventh-largest physician group practice with more than 2,600 full-time physicians in the North Shore-LIJ Medical Group.
Leadership.
Michael J. Dowling has been the president and chief executive officer of North Shore-LIJ since January 2002. Prior to that, Dowling served as North Shore-LIJ's executive vice president and chief operating officer since October 1997, overseeing development, planning and operations following the merger that created the health system.
Executive Vice President Lawrence G. Smith, MD, MACP, is North Shore-LIJ's physician-in-chief, the health system's senior physician on all clinical issues.
Senior Vice President David Battinelli, MD, is North Shore-LIJ's chief medical officer, responsible for the overall professional management of clinical, education, research and operational issues related to all medical and clinical affairs throughout the health system.
Quality and public reporting.
North Shore-LIJ was the 2010 recipient of the National Quality Forum's [http://www.qualityforum.org/Events/Awards/Quality_Award/Past_Recipients.aspx] National Quality Healthcare Award.
The health system discloses its hospitals' quality performance data to the public on its web site which includes information on hospital-acquired infection rates; performance in treating patients for heart attacks, heart failure and pneumonia; and success rates in performing cardiac bypass surgery and joint replacement surgeries. Patient satisfaction scores are also posted.
Research.
An integral part of the North Shore-LIJ Health System, The Feinstein Institute for Medical Research [http://www.feinsteininstitute.org] is a disease-oriented biomedical research institution. It ranks among the nation's top six percent of all institutions that receive funding from the National Institutes of Health.
Corporate university.
The Center for Learning and Innovation (CLI) [http://www.northshorelij.com/NSLIJ/cli], Lake Success, New York, is North Shore-LIJ's corporate university which offers courses, programs and services for employees' personal and professional development.
CLI's Patient Safety Institute (PSI)[http://www.northshorelij.com/NSLIJ/The+Patient+Safety+Institute], Lake Success, New York, was established to reduce medical errors and hospital-acquired infections. Its full-scale patient simulators based on computer-based, interactive technology and digitally-enhanced mannequins enable instructors to replicate virtually any medical scenario. This gives medical students, surgical residents, nurses and other healthcare professionals the opportunity to practice clinical skills without risk to real patients.
Clinical education.
As a clinical medical educational institution, North Shore-LIJ is responsible for more than 1,500 residents and fellows, and 120 resident and fellow programs [http://www.northshorelij.com/NSLIJ/Graduate+Medical+Education+Programs]. More than 1,200 medical students rotate through health system facilities.
In 2011, North Shore-LIJ partnered with Hofstra University to establish a new medical school on Hofstra's campus in Hempstead, New York. The Hofstra North Shore-LIJ School of Medicine's [http://medicine.hofstra.edu] first class of medical students began their studies in August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18866087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866087" title="HD 152082">
HD 152082

HD 152082 is star in double system.

</doc>
<doc id="18866103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866103" title="Carolyn Brown (newsreader)">
Carolyn Brown (newsreader)

Carolyn Brown is a BBC Radio 4 newsreader and continuity announcer. 
Brown started her career as a reporter at a local newspaper, "The Crewe Chronicle", and joined Radio City, an independent local radio station in Liverpool, England, in 1981. After two years, she moved to BBC Radio Leeds where she presented the morning news programme, "Good Morning, Yorkshire". After spells in regional television in Plymouth and Bristol, she joined BBC Radio 4 in 1991 as a continuity announcer and later read the Shipping Forecast. In December 2001 she began reading the news and one of her first items was the death of the Queen Mother.

</doc>
<doc id="18866115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866115" title="Zizia">
Zizia

Zizia is a genus of flowering plants in the parsley family, Apiaceae. It was named after Johann Baptist Ziz (1779–1829), a German botanist from the Rhineland. It is native to North America.
Like most other plants in the family, these produce umbels of flowers.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="18866116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866116" title="HMS Falmouth (1752)">
HMS Falmouth (1752)

HMS "Falmouth" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Woolwich Dockyard to the standard 50-gun ship draught of the 1745 Establishment, and launched on 7 December 1752. "Falmouth" was abandoned in Batavia, Dutch East Indies (nowadays Indonesia) on 16 January 1765 after suffering serious battle damage near Manila.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="18866138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866138" title="Lwów land">
Lwów land

Lwów Land (, ) was an administrative unit of the Kingdom of Poland and later - of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. With capital in the city of Lwów (today Lviv), it existed between 1340 and 1772. Regional Sejmiks took place in the city, also in the same city the Tribunal of Lesser Poland was placed, which was the highest legal body for southeastern part of the Commonwealth. Legal system of the Land was based on the Magdeburg Law.
Lwów Land, which was part of the Ruthenian Voivodeship, was divided into two counties - Lwów County and Żydaczów county. It sent six deputies to the Tribunal of the Crown of Poland and the land bordered Przemyśl Land and Sanok Land to the west, Belz Voivodeship to the north, and Halicz Land to the south. According to the 1676 royal report, in the Lwów Land there were 42 towns and 618 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="18866146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866146" title="James Duffy (athlete)">
James Duffy (athlete)

Jimmy McNiff/Duffy (born May 1, 1890, in County Sligo, Ireland – died April 23, 1915, outside Ypres, Belgium) was a distance runner from Canada, one of the world's best marathon runners at the beginning of the 20th century. He participated in the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm and was the winner of the 1914 Boston Marathon.
Born in Ireland, Duffy grew up in Edinburgh, Scotland after moving there with his family as a child. According to his own later account, Duffy participated in cross-country races in Scotland, winning many of them. In 1911 he emigrated to Canada, where he worked in Toronto as a tinsmith and stonecutter. In his spare time he visited the Central YMCA, the director of which quickly recognized his talent.
Representing the Central YMCA, Duffy came in second in the 1911 Ward Marathon, a twenty-mile event in Toronto. During the race Duffy stopped to argue with supporters of another runner. In May 1912, he ran the Spectator Marathon in Hamilton, Ontario, which served that year as the Canadian Olympic trial. The race, which was reduced to nineteen miles, was run in exceedingly hot and humid weather. Only eight of twenty-five starters finished the race. Duffy himself had overestimated his strength, but qualified for the Olympics by finishing in second place behind Harry Jensen of the United States, who passed him in the final mile and won by twenty seconds.
Representing the Eaton Athletic Club of Toronto, Duffy placed fifth in the marathon at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, which also took place in very high temperatures, resulting in the death of Portuguese runner Francisco Lázaro. In October 1912 Duffy won both the Ward Marathon and the Hamilton Herald's race around Hamilton Bay, setting a new course record in the latter event. After the Hamilton Bay race Duffy accepted full-time coaching from athletic trainer Tommy Thomson, who persuaded him to relocate to Hamilton, where he joined the Ramblers Club.
With Thomson as trainer, Duffy won seven consecutive marathons, including one in Yonkers, New York. On April 20, 1914, Duffy won the Boston Marathon in 2:25:01. His success had gotten around and he was so much the favorite that the Boston bookmakers would not take high bets on his victory. The race developed into a thriller, with fellow Canadian runner Édouard Fabre matching Duffy's pace throughout. Only in the final mile did Duffy gain a small lead, winning the race by fifteen seconds. Duffy's first request after his victory was for a cigarette, and after his post-race medical examination he asked for a bottle of beer.
After the Boston Marathon Duffy turned professional, losing his first professional race to Édouard Fabre. Duffy enlisted in the Canadian Army at the outbreak of World War I. He joined the 91st Argyle Regiment and was subsequently transferred to the 16th Battalion of the Canadian Expeditionary Force.
Duffy was killed in a charge against the Germans while serving with the 16th Battalion in the Second Battle of Ypres on April 23, 1915, eight days before his twenty-fifth birthday and four days after Édouard Fabre won the 1915 Boston Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="18866152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866152" title="Omar el Sayed">
Omar el Sayed

Omar el-Sayed (عمر السيد) is an alleged Hezbollah member arrested by Canadian authorities pending extradition to Germany. After being released on bail, el-Sayed went into hiding.
el-Sayed entered Canada in August 1998 on a forged Dutch passport and told Canadian immigration officer Paul Kyba that he had fled Hezbollah to Germany, to come to Canada to seek asylum.
He settled in Edmonton, Alberta under the false surname Rahyn, and received social security and bank cards registered to his fake identity before a fingerprint match determined that he was fleeing German drug trafficking and firearms charges. He was arrested by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) the following year, but was released on $7,500 bail in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18866154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866154" title="Prostate Cancer Foundation">
Prostate Cancer Foundation

The Prostate Cancer Foundation (PCF), formerly known as CaP CURE, is the world’s largest philanthropic source of support for prostate cancer research. PCF was founded in 1993 in order to discover better treatments and a cure for prostate cancer. As of 2012, PCF has raised more than $500 million for research and funded more than 1,600 research projects at nearly 200 institutions in 17 countries. In the past 2 years, 5 new drugs that extend the lives of men with metastatic prostate cancer have been approved by the FDA. PCF initiated and supported academic treatment science that fast-forwarded every one of these approvals.
Dr. Jonathan Simons, a physician-scientist, medical oncologist, and leader in prostate cancer research, is currently President, Chief Executive Officer, and David H. Koch Chair of the Foundation.
History.
The Prostate Cancer Foundation was founded in 1993 by Michael Milken following his personal battle with prostate cancer. After being diagnosed with prostate cancer, Milken traveled to many different specialists in the field. Citing a major lack of funding for prostate cancer research and roadblocks that existed within the grant application process, Milken created the PCF to spur both private and government support in the field of research. In 2011, PCF established the Coalition to Cure Prostate Cancer in Canada and expanded global research efforts into China, partnering with the Chinese Urological Association and funding its first two Young Investigators in China.
Accomplishments.
Through the Prostate Cancer Foundation's unique funding structure, PCF funding has been a major part of some of the most significant discoveries in the field of prostate cancer research. These discoveries and advancements include:
Research and Grants.
The Prostate Cancer Foundation has significantly streamlined the grant making process in order to make research funding more readily available. The PCF’s grant giving model “is to stimulate research by drastically cutting the wait time for grant money, to flood the field with fast cash, to fund therapy-driven ideas rather than basic science, to hold researchers accountable for results and to demand collaboration across disciplines and among institutions, private industry, and academia.”
PCF Research Enterprise Strategy.
All Prostate Cancer Foundation grant recipients must share their work within one year of receiving their grant, an innovative requirement for the industry. Many scientists initially balked at the idea of presenting their work, sometimes even before publishing, but the lack of grant-giving sources made the Prostate Cancer Foundation’s grants popular. After the first year and the development of genetic testing of men at highest risk of prostate cancer, the number of requests for grants soared and prestige for PCF grants grew as well.
Today, many other foundations have copied their grant giving model after the PCF’s model. This unique stipulation, forcing the sharing of data, has encouraged scientific cooperation and accelerated discovery.
To accelerate prostate cancer research and reduce red tape, the PCF employs a "fast-track" awards process designed to maximize the time researchers spend searching for better treatments and a cure for prostate cancer. The PCF follows a venture capital model of philanthropic investing, providing initial funding for high-impact, early-stage research projects that offer great hope for new treatments or better understanding of the disease. When these early investments demonstrate promising results, other institutional funders, such as the National Cancer Institute or biopharmaceutical companies, step in to provide the major funding needed to complete the work and bring a new drug or treatment to market.
Grants and Awards.
The Prostate Cancer Foundation scientific strategic plan incorporates the concept that longer term funding of milestone-driven research is needed in the field with the potential to reduce death and suffering from prostate cancer. The following awards are offered to help to reach this goal: Challenge, Young Investigator, and Creativity Awards.
Challenge Awards.
Challenge Awards are typically awarded to multi-year, large-scale research projects consisting of teams of at least three highly experienced investigators capable of providing unique scientific expertise to the solution of a significant problem in prostate cancer research.
Young Investigator Awards.
Young Investigator Awards focus on developing younger teams of investigators to undertake the next generation of prostate cancer research. PCF currently funds 94 Young Investigators in 7 countries around the world. In the first part of 2012, PCF announced the first two YIs in China and four new YIs in Canada.
Creativity Awards.
Creativity Awards allow for the development of creative science which conforms to PCF funding principles but is short-term and designed to allow development of otherwise unfundable but good ideas.
Global Expansion.
PCF has expanded its global research network and partnerships through two important steps: the establishment of the Coalition to Cure Prostate Cancer (CCPC) in Canada and the launch of PCF China. The Canadian entity will monitor national research progress at Canadian cancer centers and universities. The PCF China initiative will identify, fund and promote innovative research projects benefiting men around the world. In March 2012, we presented our first two Young Investigator awards to Chinese scientists at the inaugural China Prostate Cancer Symposium in Beijing. Moving forward, PCF will work with established Chinese institutions such as the Chinese Urological Association to expand cancer research and encourage sustainable collaborations.
PCF’s emphasis on global collaboration and our support of public-private partnerships continue to accelerate discovery and expand access to patient information, leading to highly personalized treatment plans.
Programming.
The Prostate Cancer Foundation uses partnerships with many other organizations and celebrities to raise funds for prostate cancer research and to help spread awareness to the public.
Sports Programs.
Home Run Challenge.
The PCF Home Run Challenge is a partnership with Major League Baseball that helps baseball fans join the fight against prostate cancer by raising money for research through monetary pledges based upon each home run hit in 60 selected games, culminating on Father's Day. The program is supported by many Major League teams, players, managers and their coaching staffs, and umpires. The participants include the following managers: Dusty Baker, Mike Scioscia, and prostate cancer survivor Joe Torre; and players: Nomar Garciaparra, Jason Giambi, Torii Hunter, and Albert Pujols. Since its creation in 1997, the PCF Home Run Challenge has raised over $31 million for prostate cancer research.
Athletes for a Cure.
Athletes for a Cure is a fundraising and awareness program of the Prostate Cancer Foundation. The organization assists athletes in their quest to raise money for better treatments and a cure for prostate cancer. The organization is centered around events that can take place "Any Time, Any Place, Any Where," but also features many "special events" of which Athletes for a Cure is a partner, including many triathlons and races.
Golf Programs.
• Arnie's Army Battles Prostate Cancer is a series of one-day events built around a closest-to-the-pin contest on a par-3 hole. Arnie's Army began in 2002 and has sponsored over 1,300 events and raised more than $1.5 million in the fight again prostate cancer. Arnold Palmer is a prostate cancer survivor and the honorary golf chairman of the Prostate Cancer Foundation.
Other Programs.
Safeway Awareness Campaign.
The Safeway Prostate Cancer Awareness and Fundraising Campaign began in the year 2000 and since then has raised over $68 million for prostate cancer research. Each June, the company's U.S. and Canadian stores give customers the chance to make donations at the checkstand when shopping at their local Safeway, Dominick's, Randalls, Tom Thumb, Vons, Pavilions or Carrs stores.
Movember.
Movember is a program that takes place during the month of November where men across the world grow moustaches, all while raising awareness and money for the fight against cancer. The donations in the US from the event are split evenly between the Prostate Cancer Foundation and the Livestrong Foundation. Movember was started in Australia in 1999. From 2009 to 2011 Movember donated at total of $17.57 million to the Prostate Cancer Foundation and the Livestrong Foundation.
Scientific Retreat.
Each year, the Prostate Cancer Foundation hosts a scientific retreat where teams of scientists and their institutions can share the results of their studies funded by the PFC. The 15th Annual Prostate Cancer Foundation Scientific Retreat was held in October 2008 in Lake Tahoe and was attended by more than 200 scientific leaders from academia, governmental agencies and the biopharmaceutical industry.

</doc>
<doc id="18866156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866156" title="HMS Preston (1757)">
HMS Preston (1757)

HMS "Preston" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Deptford Dockyard to the draught specified in the 1745 Establishment, and launched on 7 February 1757.
She took part in the Naval operations in the American Revolutionary War under William Hotham. On 13 August 1778, cut off her squadron by a storm, she encountered the French 74-gun "Marseillais", which she fought indecisively.
In 1785, "Preston" was converted to serve as a sheer hulk, and she was eventually broken up in 1815.

</doc>
<doc id="18866170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866170" title="Sailom Adi">
Sailom Adi

Sailom Adi (, , born July 7, 1986) is a Thai amateur boxer who competed at featherweight at the 2008 Olympics. and at lightweight at the 2012 London Olympics.
At the 2012 Olympics he lost his first bout highly controversially against Gani Zhailauov 12:12,countback.

</doc>
<doc id="18866209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866209" title="Carnifex (band)">
Carnifex (band)

Carnifex is an American deathcore band from San Diego, California. Formed in 2005, they are currently signed to Nuclear Blast after having been signed to Victory Records and have released four full-length albums and one EP. The name of the band is derived from the Old English Latin word "äúexecutioner;" literally meaning, "executioner".
History.
Formation and early recordings (2005—2006).
Carnifex was founded during late 2005 in Fallbrook, California. A self-titled demo was recorded and released featuring five tracks and distributed through Enclave Records in 2005, made with the intent of searching for a larger record deal. In September 2006, Rick James and Kevin Vargas left. Shortly after, Steve McMahon joined on bass, as did Travis Whiting on guitar.
Carnifex recorded an EP before the end of 2006, titled Love Lies in Ashes, which was released through Acropolisrpm Records on March 13, 2007. It was sold exclusively at shows as well as online stores such as iTunes before the group began work on their full-length debut album.
"Dead in My Arms" (2007—2008).
After their release of Love Lies in Ashes, Carnifex was signed to underground label This City Is Burning Records in March 2007 and recorded their debut full length "Dead in My Arms", with yet another member change. The band though was still a four-piece outfit but with current guitarist Cory Arford replacing Travis Whiting in March 2007. The line-up during the recording of "Dead in My Arms" was Scott Lewis (vocals), Shawn Cameron (drums), Cory Arford (guitar) and Steve McMahon (bass guitar).
"Dead in My Arms" was released on July 12, 2007. Carnifex began touring full time with the release of this record. Touring gutarist Jake Anderson was recruited as a second guitarist from July 2007 until November. During this time, the band found themselves touring with groups such as Emmure, Whitechapel, MyChildren MyBride among others. The reasonable success of "Dead in My Arms", and the prevalence of the deathcore genre as a whole, attracted the attention of Victory Records. In November 2007, after the departure of Steve McMahon (bass) and Jake Anderson (guitar), Carnifex signed a deal with Victory with now current members Fred Calderon (bass) and Ryan Gudmunds (guitar).
"The Diseased and the Poisoned" (2008—2009).
Carnifex's second album, "The Diseased and the Poisoned" was released on June 24, 2008, and reached No. 19 on the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers Chart.
Since the release of "The Diseased and the Poisoned" Carnifex toured over 22 countries with such bands as The Black Dahlia Murder, Despised Icon, Obituary, Unleashed, Finntroll, Warbringer, Parkway Drive, Unearth, Architects, Whitechapel, Protest the Hero, Bleeding Through, Darkest Hour, and Impending Doom.
"Hell Chose Me" and "Until I Feel Nothing" (2009—2011).
On November 28, 2009, Carnifex finished recording their third full length album "Hell Chose Me", which lead to its release on February 16, 2010. The record sold more than 3,100 copies on its first week within the United States alone. The group played the 2010 Summer Slaughter Tour in support of the album and toured with Unearth, All That Remains and As I Lay Dying in September 2010. On January 26, 2011, vocalist, Lewis announced, that the band were in the process of writing a new record; "We've been working hard on the new record. We know we have to top "Hell Chose Me" and were NOT letting you down! Heavier, darker and more pissed in every way ." On February 3, 2011, Carnifex embarked on a full U.S. tour dubbed the "Names Mean Nothing" Tour where the band was supported by bands like Oceano, The Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza and Within the Ruins.
On August 24, 2011, Lewis made another announcement, confirming that the title for the new album would be "Until I Feel Nothing". He stated that its sound was inspired while listening to the band's three studio albums and felt like combining all of its style to one record.
Hiatus (2012).
On October 9, 2012, Lewis announced that the band would be playing their last three shows in California before an indefinite hiatus. He specifically stated that all members were still current and no one has departed from the group. Lewis also stated that he was unsure of the band's future.
"Fans and Friends.First and for most, a sincere thank you is in order to our fans and friends across the world. Without your support and passion, we are nothing. As of now, Carnifex is in a state of suspended animation. The reasons for this are many and complicated. Let me be clear in saying that Shawn, Cory, Ryan, Fred and I (Scott) are all still members of Carnifex. Let me also be clear in saying that although the future is very uncertain, I can say with optimism, that this is not farewell, but rather, until we meet again. Carnifex is now retreating into the obscurity we once came from. Be certain that us as individuals and as band-mates have a true love for this band. Our desire to create our brand of art and music has never been about trends or money. These things will not decide our future. We invite you to join us live, for the last time in the foreseeable future. We will be making these select dates as memorable as possible and look forward to seeing you there."
"We invite you to join us live, for the last time in the foreseeable future. We will be making these select dates as memorable as possible and look forward to seeing you there."
Through December 21 to December 23 in 2012, the band played three extra shows in California. During the hiatus, Shawn Cameron started the symphonic metal band Unicorn Death, which he also brought his wife Diana to be a part of.
Return from hiatus and "Die Without Hope" (2013-present).
On June 10, 2013, it was announced that Carnifex returned from their almost year-long hiatus and will be a part of the 2013 Impericon Never Say Die! Tour line-up, replacing metalcore band Miss May I. On July 9, 2013, record label Nuclear Blast announced that Carnifex had signed a record deal and would be releasing their fifth studio album "Die Without Hope" on March 4, 2014.
Music style and influences.
Carnifex play an extreme metal musical style known as deathcore, which is a hybrid of the genres death metal and metalcore. The band cites Dying Fetus, Dark Funeral, Slayer, Cannibal Corpse, The Black Dahlia Murder, Immolation, Dååth, Dissection, In Flames and Carcass as their main influences. 
Their third album "Hell Chose Me" features a sound relating more to death metal along with some black metal influences and as well as some characteristics that the band didn't visit before such as including choruses and guitar solos into their songs. However, the band's fourth studio album "Until I Feel Nothing" features much more eccentric influences, even into the realm of black metal with its themes and atmospheric elements. On the album, the band emphasized more on their black metal influences such as: Mayhem, Burzum, Emperor, Watain, Bathory, Cradle of Filth, amongst many others.
In an interview with vocalist Scott Lewis about the "deathcore" label, he stated 

</doc>
<doc id="18866211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866211" title="Rose Hill Plantation House">
Rose Hill Plantation House

Rose Hill Plantation House is an historic Carpenter Gothic house located on US 278 in Bluffton, South Carolina. It was begun in 1858 for Dr. John Kirk and Caroline Kerk, his wife, but construction was interrupted by the Civil War and not resumed until after World War II when it was renovated and finished by architect Willis Irvin for John Sturgeon and Florence Sturgeon, his wife. On May 19, 1983, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18866219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866219" title="Walking on the Chinese Wall">
Walking on the Chinese Wall

"Walking on the Chinese Wall" is the title of a song written by Roxanne Seeman and Billie Hughes. It was recorded by Philip Bailey and became the title track of his album "Chinese Wall". Phil Collins produced, played drums and sang, as part of the backgrounds, on the song, however the song was not credited as a Bailey and Collins duet. The Phenix Horns and additional overdub recording took place in Los Angeles, with George Massenburg engineering and mixing.
"Walking on the Chinese Wall" was the third single, released in 1985. 
In 1998, Sony Germany released a Philip Bailey compilation album entitled "Walking on the Chinese Wall."
Background.
Seeman and Hughes met and began writing songs together just after she returned from a three week journey through China. Soon after, Hughes went to Osaka to perform, staying in Japan for four months. Upon his return, they began a partnership and bought recording equipment. Feeling inspired by the East, for the first song Hughes composed on the new Oberheim OB8 synthesizer and DMX drum machine, Hughes asked Seeman to "write me something Chinese". Having walked on The Great Wall, on the Northern Gate outside of Beijing, Seeman came up with the lyrics "walking on the chinese wall" for the chorus. The next line "watching for the coins to fall" refers to the I Ching coins. Seeman draws from her studies of Chinese arts and literature, making references to the I Ching ("Book of Changes") and Dream of the Red Chamber (one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature), such as in the bridge lyrics "Red chamber dream, from the sky above, ancient tales of hidden Chinese love."
Seeman sent the song to Philip Bailey, then Seeman and Hughes flew to New York. From New York, Seeman called Philip Bailey, who asked Seeman and Hughes to meet him with a chord chart at JFK airport, where he was changing planes, on his way to London to record with Phil Collins at The Townhouse. 
Video.
The video for this song was directed by Duncan Gibbons. It was filmed in the Santa Monica mountains.
Televised Live Performances.
A clip from Bailey's live performance in American Bandstand appeared in Dick Clark's American Bandstand's 33-1/3 Celebration.
Other Versions.
In September 2004, Alicia Keys headlined the first pop concert in history staged on the Great Wall of China. Performers included Boyz II Men, Cyndi Lauper, Nellie McKay, Sylvia Tosun and Doyle Bramhall II. Billie Hughes and Roxanne Seeman's song "Walking On The Chinese Wall" by Philip Bailey produced by Phil Collins was the finale of the event.

</doc>
<doc id="18866223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866223" title="Scruff (TV series)">
Scruff (TV series)

Scruff is a 2002 television series by D'ocon entertainment. It features the story of a puppy, Scruff, who is adopted by a farmworker named Peter. The show was directed by Antoni D'Ocon. The show was distributed in English by BKN. The series' animation is provided by Toon Boom Harmony creating the 2D traditional animated characters and a 3D computer-generated background.
Plot.
A family of tourists lose their puppy. After a long night lost in the forest, the puppy is found by Peter, a young country worker who adopts him and takes him to his aunt and uncle's farmhouse. The adoptive country folks are totally baffled as to what kind of breed he is, although slowly but surely they discover his skills, which include acrobatics and the ability of sniffing out all kinds of forest fruits albeit in a happy go lucky sometimes haphazard way.
Named 'Scruff' he lives amidst livestock, poultry and a couple of other dogs called Sanda and Tricks, who will all be his new family. Each episode features a new adventure for Scruff. He will learn about the farm through the farm animals and pets, about the forest with the wild animals, and in the village he will meet human beings.
Characters.
Notice: The voice actors of every characters is uncredited in the English dub.
DVD release.
A set of six DVDs was released between 2005-2007 by Image Entertainment. These DVDs didn't have captions. The next line of Scruff DVDs was released in September and November 2009. Recently, the entire second season has been released on a 4-Disc set. Currently, 69 of the episodes are available on disc. The new line of Scruff DVDs, will feature Scruff's five television movies.
DVDs Released by Image Entertainment.
Prizes Galore: Fugitives, Prizes Galore, All Because of A Mushroom Omelette, Going Up the Rock, Where's Miaow.
Too Much Sun: It's Time to Say Goodbye, Unless & Unnecessary, Too Much Sun, The Last of His Kind, A Testing Time.
Smells Like An Adventure: The Hero of Navell, Scruff & Peter Ltd., That's Not For Playing With, Smells Like an Adventure, Princess Always On His Mind.
What Will We Do With this Dog?: Wanted, A Home, What Will We Do With This Dog, The Course of Three Dogs, Craving for Eggs, Christmas is Almost Here!
Staking Out Territory: A Canned Tail, The Runaway, Shackled by Fear, Staking Out Territory, Two Families, Just One Dog
Television movies.
Six made-for-television movies were made. They are Scruff: A Christmas Tale, Scruff In Halloween, Scruff in a Midsummer Night's Dream, Scruff: Cinderella's Carnival, Scruff and the Legend of St. George and . They were all released on DVD by Image Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="18866225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866225" title="Houldsworth Mill, Reddish">
Houldsworth Mill, Reddish

Houldsworth Mill, also known as Reddish Mill, is a former mill in built in 1865 in Reddish, Stockport, Greater Manchester, England (). Designed by Abraham Stott, it was constructed for Henry Houldsworth, a prominent mill owner at the time. It is currently a Grade II* listed building.
History.
Reddish mill was built by Stott and Sons for William Houldsworth, it opened in 1865, it covers , and employed 454 workers. In 1898 it amalgamated with the Fine Cotton Spinners Association. The mill had 136,692 spindles and at one time spun counts of 700 and 800, but normally 80s to 250s.
After cotton.
Cotton production at Houldsworth Mill ceased in the 1950s. The mill was sold to a mail-order catalogue company, John Myers, and was used principally as a warehouse. In the late 1960s the building was expanded with a five-storey extension to the rear of the north end of the mill. This was built of glass and concrete in the style of the period. Mail-order trading ceased in the 1970s, and the mill was sold. It was divided into separate business units, but most of building remained vacant and it fell into a state of disrepair.
Architecture.
The 1865 mill consists of two five storeyed blocks of 18 bays, with a narrower 9 bay central block for warehousing and offices. The central block has two italianate stair towers and carries a central clock. The floors have become wider to accommodate the larger mules of the period. All floors are fireproof, with transverse vaults. The detached engine house used horizontal shafts that connected to vertical shafts in each spinning block. The chimney was octagonal, on a plinth with a highly embellished oversailer. In the early 20th century this was replaces with separate inverted compound engines for each block with external rope races for rope drives.
Restoration.
The pilot study for restoration was part funded by English Heritage. The refurbishment was funded by:
This mill was converted by Stephenson Bell architects. It provides 70 shared ownership apartments for social housing provider Northern Counties Housing Association, start-up units for emerging high-technology and arts based businesses with commercial and leisure uses at the lower floors to provide active frontages.

</doc>
<doc id="18866231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866231" title="Youth Orchestras of San Antonio">
Youth Orchestras of San Antonio

G. Lewis Doll (1901–1985) established the first string program in the San Antonio Independent School District (SAISD) in the 1940s. At this time, no other public school district in San Antonio offered string instruction. As the SAISD string program grew, Doll started the San Antonio Youth Symphony around 1950. A second orchestra for junior high school students was formed in the 1960s and both orchestras operated under the auspices of the SAISD until 1979.
1974-1983.
The San Antonio Youth Symphony began receiving grant money from the city in 1974 and became known as the Greater San Antonio Youth Symphony Orchestras (GSAYSO). At this time, only four of the 19 area school districts offered string music programs. The GSAYSO opened string learning centers in some of the districts that were without a strings program. When this strings learning center program ceased in 1979, only the Northside Independent School District was able to sponsor its own string program. 
The Youth Philharmonic Orchestras of San Antonio was formed in 1977 and operated independently of GSAYSO until they merged in March 1979. The name Youth Orchestras of San Antonio (YOSA) was formally adopted in the summer of 1979. 
Maintaining four orchestras for the first few years of its existence proved to be impractical for the young YOSA organization. In 1981, the orchestras were reduced to two even though the demand by talented student musicians continued to grow. During the 1982-83 season, the City of San Antonio Parks and Recreation Department provided YOSA with office space, a secretary, and other assistance which stabilized YOSA’s financial picture and attracted more private and business support.
1984-1994.
The decade from 1984 to 1994 saw steady growth in both student membership and services provided by YOSA. A strong coaching staff was added to the program, enhancing the quality of the students' musicianship. A landmark event in YOSA history came in 1985 with the addition of a tour of eastern Europe with performances in Romania, Hungary, and Austria. The tour was sponsored by the City of San Antonio Parks and Recreation Dept. and KMOL, a local television station, and made under the auspices of the "Friendship Ambassadors Foundation" (a non-profit organization specializing in cultural and educational exchanges). Publicity about the tour resulted in another sharp increase in YOSA membership. 
As a result of the fundraising efforts for the international tour, the parents’ support group was formalized to the Parents’ Auxiliary Organization and continues to be the main vehicle for raising money for student’s individual tour accounts. To date, most of the money raised by the Parents' Auxiliary Organization continues to be used to support touring fees on behalf of the student musicians.
Performances.
Local YOSA performances have included community events, including the City of San Antonio’s Christmas tree-lighting ceremonies and the opening concert of the Founders’ Day celebration. Regional exchanges and tours to cities such as Ft. Worth, Houston and Corpus Christi have been included in season schedules. The Summer String Camp has been conducted by YOSA annually since 1986 and now includes classes in theory, composition, and conducting. In the 2005-2006 Season, the YOSA Philharmonic orchestra launched their Gold Series with international guest artists accompanying their top orchestra.
Great Tour of China 2010.
In 2010, along with conductor Troy Peters, YOSA took its first tour to China. This is YOSA's eighth international tour. They toured five cities in fourteen days, with four performances. Their first performance was in Beijing at the National Centre for the Performing Arts. Their second performance was an outdoor concert at the Shanghai World Expo. Their third concert took place in Hangzhou, at the Zhejiang Provincial Concert Hall. Their fourth and final concert was in Hong Kong, a side by side concert with the Hong Kong Youth Symphony Orchestra (HKYSO) at the Kwai Tsing Theater. In addition to these four cities, the YOSA group also made stops in Wuzhen and Shenzhen. The tour orchestra consisted of young musicians ages 12–19 from both the YOSA Symphony Orchestra and the YOSA Philharmonic Orchestra.
Conductors.
Music Director Troy Peters joined Youth Orchestras of San Antonio in August 2009. Prior to joining YOSA, he served for 14 years as the Music Director of the Vermont Youth Orchestra Association, as well as the Middlebury College Orchestra, and Montpelier Chamber Orchestra. Peters has conducted over 20 performances with the San Antonio Symphony, twice stepping in last-minute. In 2012/13 he made his guest conducting debut with the Oregon Symphony. Peters has gained attention for his orchestral collaborations with rock musicians such as Jon Anderson (of YES) and Trey Anastasio (of Phish) along with orchestral soloists Midori, Edgar Meyer, Horacio Gutiérrez, Daniel Bernard Roumain (DBR) and Soovin Kim. Past conducting positions include the Philadelphia Youth Orchestra, the Pacific Chamber Soloists, and Perpetuum Mobile. 
Mission.
"The mission of Youth Orchestras of San Antonio, the premier orchestral experience for youth citywide, is to enhance education, enrich the community and transform lives by pursuing excellence in classical music in a stimulating, nurturing and fun environment that is equally accessible to all youth."
References.
Information for this brief history was referenced from "A History of the Youth Orchestras of San Antonio from 1977 to 1994", written by Eugene Brown Dowdy, May 1995. 

</doc>
<doc id="18866247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866247" title="Southern Nazarene Crimson Storm football">
Southern Nazarene Crimson Storm football

The Southern Nazarene Crimson Storm football program was established in 2000. Their home games are played at Southern Nazarene University's McFarland Park Stadium. In 2007 the Crimson Storm won their first home opener game. Since 2012, SNU has been competing in the NCAA's Division II Great American Conference.
The head coach and offensive coordinator for the Crimson Storm is Mike Cochran. Cochran's all-time record is 86-48 (40-36 at SNU). Other coaching staff include Craig Hubbard as the Defensive Coordinator, Jeremy Wirth as the Recruiting Coordinator and Defensive Line Coach, Steve Lykes as the Defensive Backs Coach Micah Anderson as the Outside Linebackers Coach, Clay Rhodes as the Tight Ends Coach, Eric Michael as the Running Backs and Special Teams Coach, Billy Sexton as the Strength Coach, and Jeff Seyfert as the Academic Coordinator.
Awards and honors.
SNUPY Awards winner.
The Crimson Storm football team has been nominated and won many of the annual SNUPY Awards.
2005
2006
2007 
2008
2009
CSFL honors.
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
National honors.
2001
2002
2003
2005
2006
2007
2008

</doc>
<doc id="18866258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866258" title="Am star">
Am star

An Am star or metallic-line star is a type of chemically peculiar star of spectral type A whose spectrum has strong and often variable absorption lines of metals such as zinc, strontium, zirconium, and barium, and deficiencies of others, such as calcium and scandium. These abnormalities are due to some elements which absorb more light being pushed towards the surface, while others sink under the force of gravity. This effect takes place only if the star has low rotational velocity.
Normally, A-type stars rotate quickly. Most Am stars form part of a binary system in which the rotation of the stars has been slowed by tidal braking.
The best-known metallic-line star is Sirius (α Canis Majoris.) The following table lists some metallic-line stars in order of descending apparent visual magnitude.

</doc>
<doc id="18866261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866261" title="Smyths">
Smyths

Smyths Toys Superstores is a leading provider of children's toys and entertainment products with 68 stores throughout the UK and Ireland. The Irish superstore chain was founded c.1987, and is the largest toy retailer in Ireland, claiming to have 60% of the €320M market. It is a family-run company, with four Smyths brothers (Anthony, Padraig, Liam and Thomas) running the business. In the year ending March 2006, Smyths Toys Superstores employed 692 staff, had sales totalling €184M, and had profits of €6.2M, down from €11.7M the previous year. Ten years earlier, the company had just four stores and sales of €20 million.
Smyths Toys Superstores operates 58 stores in total, 22 stores in the Republic of Ireland, 6 in Northern Ireland and a further 30 in England, Scotland and Wales. The company is expanding heavily not just in Ireland but also in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="18866276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866276" title="Robert Engelman">
Robert Engelman

Robert Engelman is an American author and former journalist who writes about the environment and population and serves as President of the Worldwatch Institute. His book "More: Population, Nature, and What Women Want" was published in 2008.
Biography.
Engelman received his bachelor of arts degree from the University of Chicago and his masters of science from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, which in 1976 awarded him a Pulitzer Traveling Fellowship.
Engelman began his career as a newspaper reporter, working for the Associated Press out of Mexico City in 1977. He subsequently worked for the Kansas City Times in Kansas City and Washington, D.C., and then for the (Denver) Rocky Mountain News as its Washington correspondent. He later joined the national reporting staff of Scripps Howard News Service, eventually serving as its science, health and environment correspondent. In 1992 he left journalism and founded a research program on population and the environment at the Population Crisis Committee, a Washington-based research and advocacy non-profit that subsequently changed its name to Population Action International (PAI). He later became vice president for research at PAI. In 1997, he was among the founders of the Center for a New American Dream and served until 2007 as chair of its board of directors. While at PAI Engelman and colleagues published reports on the linkages of population dynamics and environmental change, one of them published in the journal Nature in 2000. In 2002 and 2003, Engelman served on the faculty of Yale University as a visiting lecturer on population and the environment.
In 2007, Engelman joined the staff of Worldwatch as vice president for programs, where he has continued his research and writing on population and the environment. He is one of several authors and one of three project directors of the Institute’s signature publication The State of the World 2009: Into a Warming World and co-directs Worldwatch’s fundraising from foundations and governments. He now currently serves as the Institute's President.
Bibliography.
“Sealing the Deal to Save the Climate,” State of the World 2009: Into a Warming World, Norton, 2009, ISBN 13:978-0-393-33418-0
"More: Population, Nature, and What Women Want", Island Press, 2008, ISBN 13:978-1-59726-019-0
Articles.
Population and Sustainability: Can We Avoid Limiting the Number of People? June 2009, Scientific American
Earth Hour? Why Not "Earth Until-We-Figure-This-Out?" March 2009, Huffington Post

</doc>
<doc id="18866286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866286" title="Joško Vlašić">
Joško Vlašić

Joško Vlašić () (born 22 July 1956) is a Croatian athletics coach and a former decathlete who represented Yugoslavia. Vlašić's greatest competitive success was winning the decathlon gold medal at the 1983 Mediterranean Games, but he is best known for coaching his daughter Blanka Vlašić, a world champion high jumper.
Biography.
Joško Vlašić was born in 1956 in Split. He started with athletics in ASK Split, a local club. His coach Ante Tešija decided Vlašić would do well in decathlon, describing him as "tall and skinny". According to Tešija, Vlašić was initially very skeptical regarding his aptitude for the sport, but he was tenacious, loved to train, and the results came quickly.
In the following years, Vlašić became the leading Yugoslav decathlete, winning five consecutive national championships, from 1979 to 1983. He won two decathlon medals in consecutive Mediterranean Games: bronze in 1979, and gold in 1983. His first child, Blanka Vlašić (born 1983), was named after Casablanca, the host city of the 1983 Games. Vlašić also competed in the 1983 World Championships, placing 16th.
Vlašić's decathlon personal best of 7659 points, set in Izmir in June 1983, is still the Croatian record; , no other Croatian athlete has come within 600 points of his mark.
Coaching career.
In 1982 Vlašić graduated from the Faculty of Physical Culture in Zagreb, department in Split. He worked as a coach in his home club, ASK Split, and then as a physical education teacher in several elementary and high schools in Split. From 1994 to 2001, Vlašić worked as a fitness coach in KK Split basketball club. Since 2006, Vlašić is employed by the Croatian Athletics Federation as a professional athletics coach.
Vlašić is best known for coaching his daughter Blanka Vlašić. In her youth, she tried many athletic events, as well as sports such as tennis, basketball and volleyball, but settled on high jump after consultation with her father. As a high jumper, she became a double world outdoor champion, double world indoor champion, European champion, Olympic silver medalist, and double world junior champion. She describes her father as her "greatest asset".
Personal life.
Joško Vlašić is married to Venera, a physical education teacher and a former cross-country skiing national champion. They have four children: Blanka (born 1983), Marin (born c. 1986), Luka (born c. 1992) and Nikola (born 1997).

</doc>
<doc id="18866295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866295" title="Sport Complex Podillya">
Sport Complex Podillya

The Sport Complex Podillya (also known as the Podillya Stadium; ; Sportyvnyĭ kompleks "Podillya") is a sports facility in Khmelnytskyi, Ukraine. The stadium was the home stadium of Ukrainian football club Podillya Khmelnytskyi, and now Podillya-Khmelnytskyi.

</doc>
<doc id="18866315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866315" title="Luke Skeels">
Luke Skeels

Luke Skeels is a guitarist, music teacher, music producer, session player, and recording artist. He has played with the bands Boneless Ones, Hell's Kitchen, and Edge City Ruins. He is currently playing guitar for the Hardcore Punk band Verbal Abuse. His music has been used on television and in film.
TV.
1991 HBO "Tales From The Crypt" (Episode 32 - "Easel Kill Ya")
Film.
1991 "Scarred City" [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0126016/]
2010 "The Bounty Hunter" Track used was "Jason" by The Boneless Ones

</doc>
<doc id="18866321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866321" title="Jarmo Lehtinen (commentator)">
Jarmo Lehtinen (commentator)

Jarmo Lehtinen is a Finnish sports commentator and journalist who works for Finland's National Broadcasting Company YLE. He commentates sports events, mainly football matches, for both radio and television. He regularly commentates football for the "Jalkapallokierros" program in Radio Suomi. He has also commentated televised football like UEFA Champions League and UEFA Cup matches. He also works as a sportsreader in "Urheiluradio", the sports news program for Radio Suomi.

</doc>
<doc id="18866330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866330" title="2008–09 TFF Third League">
2008–09 TFF Third League

The standings of the teams playing in TFF 3. Lig "Ranking Groups", "Classifying Groups" and "Promotion Group" in 2008–09 season are as follows.
According to league regulations, if two or more teams are on equal points after the end of the season, higher number of points obtained in the matches played among the teams in question will be used to separate teams.
Ranking Groups.
Group 1.
Pos. = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Won; D = Drawn; L = Lost; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against; GD = Goal Difference; Pts = Points
Group 2.
Pos. = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Won; D = Drawn; L = Lost; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against; GD = Goal Difference; Pts = Points
Group 3.
Pos. = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Won; D = Drawn; L = Lost; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against; GD = Goal Difference; Pts = Points
Group 4.
Pos. = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Won; D = Drawn; L = Lost; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against; GD = Goal Difference; Pts = Points
Group 5.
Pos. = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Won; D = Drawn; L = Lost; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against; GD = Goal Difference; Pts = Points
Classifying Groups.
Group 1.
Pos. = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Won; D = Drawn; L = Lost; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against; GD = Goal Difference; Pts = Points
Group 2.
Pos. = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Won; D = Drawn; L = Lost; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against; GD = Goal Difference; Pts = Points
Group 3.
Pos. = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Won; D = Drawn; L = Lost; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against; GD = Goal Difference; Pts = Points
Group 4.
Pos. = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Won; D = Drawn; L = Lost; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against; GD = Goal Difference; Pts = Points
Group 5.
Pos. = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Won; D = Drawn; L = Lost; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against; GD = Goal Difference; Pts = Points
Promotion Group.
Pos. = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Won; D = Drawn; L = Lost; GF = Goals For; GA = Goals Against; GD = Goal Difference; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="18866347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866347" title="Dragiša Pejović">
Dragiša Pejović

Dragiša Pejović (Serbian Cyrillic: Дpaгишa Пejoвић ; born July 31, 1982 in Kragujevac) is a Serbian footballer. He become well-known after revealing of match fixing in Serbian football as a special guest at FIFpro. He blames reprezentatives of Borac Cacak for match fixing and physical violence.

</doc>
<doc id="18866357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866357" title="French Lake, California">
French Lake, California

French Lake, California (), located in Nevada County, was a California Gold Rush community, now uninhabited. It was located by a lake of the same name.
Reservoir.
French Lake Reservoir, at an elevation of 7500’-6680’, is part of a string of lakes, including Bowman Lake, Sawmill Lake, and Faucherie Lake to the northwest, as well as Meadow Lake and Fordyce Lake to the southeast. French Lake Road, used by the Nevada Irrigation District and not available for public use, skirts the lake's northwest perimeter before heading east to Meadow Lake Road. An unsigned road near the lake's southeastern banks veers northeast to Meadow Lake Road above English Mountain's now uninhabited Baltimore Town and Summit City in unincorporated Nevada County.
History.
Prior to the Maidu, French Lake was inhabited by the Martis people, a now extinct Native American tribe. The Martis' Meadow Lake Petroglyphs (also known as 4-Nev-3) are a historical landmark.
In 1878, the world's first long-distance telephone line operated between French Lake and French Corral, California, 58 miles to the west, including the towns of North San Juan, and North Bloomfield on the phone route. The phone line was used to pass information regarding water flow from French Lake for post-California Gold Rush hydraulic mining.

</doc>
<doc id="18866363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866363" title="Burnie Port Authority v General Jones Pty Ltd">
Burnie Port Authority v General Jones Pty Ltd

Burnie Port Authority v General Jones Pty Ltd (1994) 179 CLR 520 is a tort law case from the High Court of Australia, which decided it would abolish the rule in "Rylands v. Fletcher", and the "ignis suus" principle, incorporating them generally into the tort of negligence.
Facts.
A fire, caused by an independent contractor’s employee welding negligently, began on the defendant’s premises and spread to a nearby property. The property was burnt causing A$2.5M of damages. The plaintiff sued under ignis suus, nuisance, negligence and the rule in "Rylands v. Fletcher" (a rule of absolute liability), interpreted in part through the duty of occupier to invitee.
The defendant was Burnie Port Authority (Burnie), located in Burnie Tasmania, who provided storage facilities, and the plaintiff was General Jones who stored a large quantity of frozen vegetables. General suffered damage when the vegetables were ruined by fire which destroyed Burnie property.
Judgment.
The High Court held that Rylands involved ‘quite unacceptable uncertainty’ (540). It said that Blackburn J’s formulation had been ‘all but obliterated by subsequent judicial explanations and qualifications’ (536). And at the time of "Rylands", negligence liability was limited to ‘a miscellany of disparate categories of cases’ and only with "Heaven v. Pender" (1883) 11 QBD 503 and "Donoghue v. Stevenson" AC 562, 580 was liability grounded on general foreseeability (543). The justices therefore felt that the rule should be done away with and so the independent contractor was not liable under that, but could only be culpable in the law of negligence.
HCA Held: The appeal by Burnie was dismissed. Burnie, by allowing its contractor to introduce dangerous substances and activities on site, owed a duty of care to Jones to take reasonable steps to prevent fire, and the breach created liability under the normal rules of negligence, not "The rule in Rylands v Fletcher, with all its difficulties, uncertainties, qualifications, and exceptions, should now be seen ... as absorbed by the rules of ordinary negligence. Under those principles, a person who takes advantage of his or her control of premises to introduce a dangerous substance, to carry on a dangerous activity, or to allow another to do one of those things, owes a duty of reasonable care to avoid a reasonably foreseeble risk of injury or damage to the person or the property of another." per Mason CJ 120 ALR 42 page 67; HCA 13 paragraph 43.
The "ignis suus" (his or her fire) rule was held to be ancient common law that was modified by statute in the UK, but never became law in Australia.
Damages in the tort of nuisance were not pleaded in the HCA.
External links.
Burnie Port Authority v General Jones Pty Ltd [1994] HCA 13; (1994) 179 CLR 520; (1994) Aust Torts Reports 81-264; (1994) 120 ALR 42; (1994) 68 ALJR 331 (24 March 1994).

</doc>
<doc id="18866365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866365" title="Toby Buckland">
Toby Buckland

Toby Neale Buckland (born October 1969) is a British gardener, TV presenter and author, best known for being the main presenter from 2008-10 of BBC's long running flagship gardening programme "Gardeners' World".
In 2008 Toby won RHS Gold and Best in show for his Ethical Garden at Gardeners' World Live. In 2009 he won the Environmental Award from the Garden Media Guild for a Gardeners' World Special on peat in gardening.
In October 2011, Toby launched an online plant nursery, Toby Buckland Nurseries, based at Powderham Castle in Devon. He is a brand ambassador for 'RatedPeople.com".
Biography and education.
Born in Exeter, Devon, Toby was brought up in the coastal towns of Dawlish and Kingswear. He trained as a nurseryman at Blyth's Devon Nursery and later Whetman's in Devon before studying horticulture, first at Bicton College, Budleigh Salterton, Devon and later Hadlow College of Horticulture and Agriculture, Hadlow, Kent where he trained in Landscape and Amenity management. During that time he spent a year as a horticultural trainee at the University of Cambridge Botanic Garden as a woodland supervisor.
He also worked as a gardener for the author Tom Sharpe and built a garden for the Poet Laureate Andrew Motion.
Toby is married to Lisa, a gardening writer, and has three children, Henry, Eddie and Emma. They live in Dawlish where he gardens on a sloping site the size of two tennis courts and has an allotment nearby.
Toby is now working on opening a nursery in Devon.
Television.
Toby's first job in TV was in 1996 as a horticultural researcher for Brian Lapping Associates working on Channel 4's "Garden Party". In 1998 he then joined the Granada Breeze channel as a gardening presenter which led to TV roles designing and building gardens on shows including "Home Front in the Garden", "Real Wrecks", Carol Vorderman's "Better Homes" and BBC One's "Garden Magic".
He took over from Monty Don as the main presenter on the BBC flagship gardening programme "Gardeners' World" in August 2008. The format of the programme changed in various respects and was criticised by some viewers for what they regarded as "dumbing down". In December 2010, the BBC announced that they would not be renewing Toby's contract. Three years after recovering from a stroke, Monty Don returned as lead presenter of the show in March 2011.
On 31 December 2010 he appeared on BBC1's "Celebrity Mastermind" answering questions on "Father Ted" (scoring 12 with 1 Pass) and 22 overall with 2 more Passes, coming fourth. He donated his fee to the memorial garden which he designed for 45 Commando Royal Marines.
In May 2011 he appeared as a presenter of the BBC's coverage of the Royal Horticultural Society Chelsea Flower Show. In 2013, he presented two episodes of "Great British Garden Revival".
Other projects.
Toby has supported a variety of charities including Perennial, Greenfingers, Thrive and Hospiscare.
He has recently designed a memorial garden for 45 Commando Royal Marines.
Bibliography.
Toby Buckland has written a number of books, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18866375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866375" title="Schloss Ebenrain">
Schloss Ebenrain

Schloss Ebenrain () is a former country residence in Sissach, in the canton of Basel-Country, Switzerland. Built in 1774-1776, it is considered the most significant late baroque residence in northwestern Switzerland. It is now a public facility and the site of an agricultural school. It is listed as a Swiss cultural property of national significance.
History.
Schloss Ebenrain was built as a summer residence for the wealthy Basel silk ribbon manufacturer and trader Martin Bachofen and his family. The Basel architect Samuel Werenfels designed the building. Bachofen intended at first to build a modest country residence, but changed his plans and built a luxurious estate. The gardens to the north and south of the residence were designed by Bernese architect Niklaus Sprüngli. Both gardens were converted to fashionable English parks in the early 19th century, but one landscape feature, namely the parallel rows of lindens lining the drive to the house, has remained essentially unchanged to the present day.
Changes of ownership (1817-1872).
Elite Basel families typically stayed in the country from May to September, but Bachofen often extended his stays at Ebenrain until the end of hunting season in January or February. Bachofen died in 1814, and in 1817 his widow, Margaretha, sold Schloss Ebenrain to another Basel merchant, Johann Rudolf Ryhiner-Streckeisen. Seven years later the estate's new owner committed suicide at Ebenrain. Ryhiner was facing charges of bigamy, and on 29 July 1824 he took his own life with a pistol.
In 1836 Ryhiner's widow sold Schloss Ebenrain to Ludwig Vest, a businessman from Liestal. In 1838 Vest transferred the estate to Lukas Vischer, an art collector from Basel who had just returned from several years' residence in Mexico. Vischer died at Ebenrain in December 1840.
In 1849 the Vischer family sold Schloss Ebenrain to a Prussian military officer, Major Leopold von Orlich, who sold it the following year to Ernst Wilhelm Wilding, Prince Radali of Sicily. In 1857 Johannes David-Sickeler of Basel acquired it, and in 1860 it went to Charles Philibert Gobat, former minister of Tramelan in the Canton of Berne. Gobat, who had a large family, was in financial difficulties by March 1872, when he sold the estate to Albert Hübner-Allan from Mühlhausen. Hübner was a Moscow textile merchant who had settled in the border province of Alsace but decided to leave after the Franco-Prussian War, when the province went to Germany.
Renovations.
Hübner made several significant changes to Ebenrain, adding tracts of land to the estate and hiring landscape architect Edouard André to transform Ebenrain's surroundings and add outbuildings, most of which are now dismantled. Hübner also hired an Alsatian farm manager and expanded the farming operation at Ebenrain.
Second Empire phase.
Hübner decided to transform Schloss Ebenrain to suit the Second Empire style. He expanded the main building, transformed the interior, and had the exterior painted beige.
Hübner died in 1890. Upon his widow's death in 1911 the estate passed to the couple's oldest daughter, Marie Eugénie Catherine, wife of the French vice admiral and diplomat Charles Philippe Touchard.
Restoring the Baroque style.
In 1930 Touchard died at Ebenrain. His heirs promptly sold the estate to a Basel merchant, Rudolf Staechelin-Finkbeiner, who renovated the house and used it to display his acclaimed collection of modern French paintings. Staechelin himself took up residence in an outbuilding.
Both the Touchards and Staechelin had taken steps to remove some of Hübner's innovations and restore Ebenrain's baroque character. The exterior walls went from beige back to blue-gray. Staechelin devoted nine years to a comprehensive renovation, but he made no structural changes to the house.
After Staechelin suffered a stroke in 1946, his son, Peter Gregor Staechelin, offered to sell Schloss Ebenrain to the Canton of Basel-Country. For decades the cantonal government confined its restoration efforts to furnishing the interior appropriately. Finally between 1986 and 1989 both the interior and exterior of the residence were restored to their baroque character. At the same time, the top (roof-level) floor was converted to a large exhibition room, the cellar was expanded, and the entire house was made accessible by wheelchair.
Public ownership.
The cantonal government has owned Schloss Ebenrain since 1951. The building and its surrounding park have been used for public art exhibitions, concerts, and other functions. 
The farm associated with the castle was detached and administered separately as an agricultural school, "Landwirtschaftliches Zentrum Ebenrain".
Access.
Since the elevation of a highway in 1967, Schloss Ebenrain and its park appear to be cut off from the town of Sissach. The residence is still accessible on foot or by bicycle, however, and the route from the Sissach train station to Ebenrain is marked by signposts.
The entire building has been accessible for people with disabilities since 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18866380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866380" title="Başlıbel">
Başlıbel

Başlıbel (also, Bashlybel’ and Bashtibel’) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866385" title="Alırzalar">
Alırzalar

Alırzalar (also, Alırvalar and Topal-Irzalar) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866387" title="Salvador Palha">
Salvador Palha

Salvador Palha (born Lisbon, 14 April 1984) is a Portuguese rugby union footballer. He plays as a lock.
Currently a member of Direito squad, he was called by Tomaz Morais for the 2007 Rugby World Cup finals, to replace the injured Marcello d'Orey. Palha played in the 14-10 loss to Romania.
Palha had 18 caps for the "Lobos", from 2007 to 2010, without ever scoring.

</doc>
<doc id="18866389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866389" title="Əli Bayramlı, Kalbajar">
Əli Bayramlı, Kalbajar

Əli Bayramlı (also, Ali-Bayramly) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866394" title="Yuxarı Şurtan">
Yuxarı Şurtan

Yuxarı Şurtan (also, Yukhary Shurtan) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866397" title="Taxtabaşı">
Taxtabaşı

Taxtabaşı (also, Takhtabashy and Taxta başı) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866403" title="Aşağı Şurtan">
Aşağı Şurtan

Aşağı Şurtan (also, Ashagy Shurtan) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866409" title="Kolatağ">
Kolatağ

Kolatak (, also, K’olatak and Kolyatag) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan, currently under control of Armenian forces in Nagorno-Karabakh.

</doc>
<doc id="18866416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866416" title="Çobankərəhməz">
Çobankərəhməz

Çobankərəhməz (also, Choban-Karikl’yev and Chobankerakhmez) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866418" title="Mahakuta group of temples">
Mahakuta group of temples

The Mahakuta group of temples is located in Mahakuta, a town in the Bagalkot district of Karnataka state, India. It is an important place of worship for Hindus and the location of a well-known Shaiva monastery. The temples are dated to the 6th or 7th century and were constructed by the early kings of the Chalukya dynasty of Badami. The dating of the temples is based on the style of architecture which is similar to that of the temples in nearby Aihole and the information in two notable inscriptions in the complex: the Mahakuta Pillar inscription dated between 595–602 CE (written in the Sanskrit language and Kannada script); and an inscription of Vinapoti, a concubine of king Vijayaditya, dated between 696–733 CE and written in the Kannada language and script.
Basic plan.
The Karnataka artisans of the 7th century achieved a certain eclectism in their architecture by building south Indian "dravida" style temples adjacent to north Indian "nagara" style temples. Further, their "dravida" and "nagara" styles were local, indigenous variants and unrelated to the architectural styles that prevailed in modern Tamil Nadu to the south, and Central India ("Madhyadesha") to the north. They achieved this by combining the basic plan of one style with characteristics of the other. The "dravida" style temples here have a tiered tower over the shrine which is capped with a dome like structure. The "nagara" style temples use a curvilinear tower over a shrine which has a square plan, and is capped by a ribbed stone. The development of this hybrid style, achieved by combining the typological features of the two basic architectural styles, is considered a peculiarity of the Karnataka region and defines the beginnings of the Vesara style of architecture.
A natural mountain spring flows within the temple complex and feeds fresh water into a large tank called the "Vishnu Pushkarni" ("Lotus pool of god Vishnu") and an ablution tank called "Papavinasha Tirtha" ("Tank of Ablution"). Among the several shrines in the complex, the Mahakutesvara temple, built in the "dravida" style, and the Mallikarjuna temple are the largest. There is a small shrine in the centre of the "Vishnu Pushkarni" tank and in it is a Shiva "linga" (universal symbol of god Shiva) called "Panchamukha linga" ("five faced linga"), one face for each direction and one on top.
Inscriptions.
The Mahakuta complex has provided historians with two important 7th century inscriptions. The Mahakuta Pillar inscription, dated variously between 595–602 CE records a grant made by Durlabhadevi, a queen of Pulakesi I (the father of king Mangalesa). The queen supplemented an earlier grant with an endowment of ten villages, including Pattadakal and Aihole to god Mahkutesvara Natha. In addition, the inscription provides important information about the Chalukyan lineage, their military expeditions, their conquests and early monuments. The pillar goes by the name "Dharma-jayastambha" ("Pillar of victory of religion") and is on exhibition at a Bijapur archaeological museum. The other inscription, ascribed to Vinapoti, king Vijayaditya's concubine, is inscribed in the porch of the Mahakutesvara temple. It describes a grant of rubies and a silver umbrella to the deity "Mahakutesvara" in addition to a piece of land.
References.
Karnataka State Gazetteer 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18866419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866419" title="Mohammed al-Husseini">
Mohammed al-Husseini

A Lebanese-Canadian, Mohammed Hussein al-Husseini (محمد حسين الحسيني) was a member of Hezbollah who lived in Montreal, Quebec and informed authorities about a vast "support network" for the organisation that existed throughout Canada, before being returned to Lebanon in 1994.
Life.
Born in Beirut, Al-Husseini came to Canada aboard Flight 414 at Mirabel Airport on August 6, 1991, He claimed to have been arrested the previous year after his father had protested the Syrian occupation of Lebanon. He stated that he was tortured with electrical wires, and was released only after his uncle bribed a Syrian officer with a bottle of wine. After his release, he ostensibly hid in East Beirut before boarding a ship to Cyprus, and subsequently traveling to Italy before taking a train to Frankfurt, Germany and buying a flight ticket for Canada.
On July 9, 1992 he was interrogated by the Canadian Security Intelligence Service at his shared apartment in Montreal, where he was living while collecting social assistance and studying French, and confronted with the fact a man had arrived at the airport with a Lebanese passport in al-Husseini's name. He stuck to his original story, and when asked about his opinions of Syria, noted that one day they would be punished for their occupation.
In August 1993, al-Husseini took a trip to Lebanon, despite having convinced Canadian authorities he would be tortured if he returned. After he returned, he made a September 17 call to CSIS asking why his application to become a landed immigrant was taking so long, and was told there were concerns he was connected to Hezbollah. He denied the accusation, and another meeting was set up. He was confronted with the 1988 hijacking of Kuwait Airlines Flight KU422, and continued denying he played any role.
CSIS interrogated him on two other occasions, during which he spoke of how widespread Hezbollah had become in Canadian cities and offered the names of Hezbollah agents living in Ottawa and Montreal as evidence. Although he was not formally accused or charged, he was frequently questioned about his relationship with the 1998 hijacking of a Kuwaiti jet. He eventually ended up recanting many of his statements, ostensibly after he realised that Canadian officials weren't likely to let him stay in the country in exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="18866422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866422" title="Zəylik, Kalbajar">
Zəylik, Kalbajar

Zəylik (also, Zeylik) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866428" title="Oruçlu, Kalbajar">
Oruçlu, Kalbajar

Oruçlu (also, Orudzhlu) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.
References.
Əhali Kürdlərdən ibarətdir.

</doc>
<doc id="18866431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866431" title="Laura Coleman">
Laura Coleman

Laura Coleman (b. c. 1986) is an English model, who won the "Miss England 2008" beauty pageant.
Biography.
Born in Melton Mowbray, Coleman comes from a family of beauty pagent winners. Her maternal grandmother Irene become Miss Army Pin-Up and Miss Lovely Legs in the 1940s. Her mother Dena won 15 titles in her 20s, including Miss East Anglia and was a finalist in the Miss United Kingdom.
Coleman won the title of Miss Leicester in 2005 while studying for a degree in business and marketing at De Montfort University in Leicester, and came fourth in Miss England that year.
After graduation, Coleman started working at a golf club, and after winning Miss Derby in 2008, she won Miss England on her second attempt on 18 July 2008. Coleman then represented England in Miss World 2008, but was unplaced.
In 2011, Coleman took part in Miss Universe Great Britain representing Leicestershire, but failed to reach the final three.
Laura is currently a radio presenter with community station 103 The Eye.
Personal life.
Coleman previously dated England cricketer Stuart Broad, but the couple broke up so that he could concentrate on his cricket. She later dated Danny Jones from the pop group McFly.

</doc>
<doc id="18866456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866456" title="Universe 3">
Universe 3

Universe 3 is an anthology of original science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr, the third volume in a series of seventeen. It was first published in hardcover by Random House in 1973, with a Science Fiction Book Club edition following from the same publisher in November of the same year, a paperback edition from Popular Library in January 1975, and a British hardcover edition from Dennis Dobson in October 1977.
The book collects seven novellas, novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors, with an introduction by Carr.
Reception.
Theodore Sturgeon reviewed the anthology favorably, citing Carr for selecting "literate and thought-provoking stor bearing a special texture."
Awards.
The anthology placed third in the 1974 Locus Poll Award for Best Original Anthology.
"The Death of Doctor Island" won the 1973 Nebula Award for Best Novella, was nominated for the 1974 Hugo Award for Best Novella, and placed first in the 1974 Locus Poll Award for Best Novella.
"Many Mansions" placed eleventh in the 1974 Locus Poll Award for Best Short Fiction.
"The World Is a Sphere" placed sixteenth in the 1974 Locus Poll Award for Best Short Fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="18866468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866468" title="Çorman, Kalbajar">
Çorman, Kalbajar

Çorman (also, Chorman) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866470" title="Çorman">
Çorman

Çorman or Chorman or Churman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18866478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866478" title="Ashagy Karashanly">
Ashagy Karashanly

Ashagy Karashanly (also, Ashaga Karadzhanly and Ash-Karachanly) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866481" title="Çormanlı">
Çormanlı

Garnakar () (also, Garnakar, Garrnak’ar, and Qarnakar) is a village in the KALBAJAR Rayon of AZERBAIJAN.

</doc>
<doc id="18866485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866485" title="Hopurlu">
Hopurlu

Hopurlu (also, Khopurlu and Opurly) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866487" title="Narınclar">
Narınclar

Narınclar (also, Nareshtar and Narishtar) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866489" title="Keçiliqaya">
Keçiliqaya

Keçiliqaya (also, Kechilikaya, Kechili, and Kechilli) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866493" title="Həyat">
Həyat

Həyat (also, Ayad, Ayyad, and Hayad) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866497" title="Abdullauşağı">
Abdullauşağı

Abdullauşağı (also, Abdulla-Ushagi and Abdullaushagy) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866504" title="Şahmansurlu">
Şahmansurlu

Şahmansurlu (also, Shahmasour, Shahmasur, and Shakhmasur) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866508" title="Bazarkənd">
Bazarkənd

Bazarkənd (also, Tsmakahogh and Tsmakaog) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866511" title="Dovşanlı">
Dovşanlı

Dovşanlı (also, Araçadzor, Arachadzor, Aratchadzor, Archadzor, Arrach’adzor, and Arrajadzor) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866514" title="Qaraçanlı, Kalbajar">
Qaraçanlı, Kalbajar

Qaraçanlı (also, Karadzhanly and Karachanly) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866516" title="Immediate Response 2008">
Immediate Response 2008

According to United States European Command,
Immediate Response is an annual, bilateral security cooperation exercise conducted between U.S. and NATO and coalition partners. It is a longstanding Joint Chiefs of Staff-directed exercise focused on interoperability training and theater security cooperation, and is designed to promote understanding and cooperation between military forces of the United States and our allies.
The 2008 exercise was reportedly conducted jointly by the USA and Georgian Armed Forces at the Vaziani Military Base between 15 July and 31 July. Planned by the United States European Command and financed by the U.S. Defense Department at a cost of $8 million. Georgian servicemen totalling 1630 participated, including representatives of the Joint Staff, Land Forces Staff, IV Brigade, the 41st and 42nd Battalions and Engineer Battalion Company. From the USA, 1000 military servicemen took part in the exercise including the United States Army Europe, 3rd Battalion 25th Marines, 1st Battalion, 121st Infantry Regiment, Georgia Army National Guard (Atlanta, Georgia) and 5045th Garrison Support Unit. Azerbaijan, Armenia and the Ukraine each had 10 servicemen participating as well.
On July 21, Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili was personally present and addressed the servicemen, saying:
“The main task of Georgian officers and soldiers is training. This international exercise is a unique case as we have the possibility to hold trainings along with the representatives of the best army in the world for a month. I think that we have created a new military school in Georgia in recent years. Believe that what all of you have learned now will remain in our country and will be shared with the future generations. That is why we have to train theoretically and practically as this is a precondition of victory. The main thing is to get acquainted with independent decision-making and free thinking.”
These exercises were held less than a month before the outbreak of the 2008 South Ossetia war. 
Almost concurrently, Russia conducted its own military exercises in the north Caucasus (including North Ossetia), called Caucasus Frontier 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18866518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866518" title="Keşdək">
Keşdək

Keşdək (also, Geştək, Keştək, Keshdek, Keshtag, and Keshtek) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866521" title="Zülfüqarlı">
Zülfüqarlı

Zülfüqarlı (also, Zul’fugarly, Zultagarly, and Zyul’fagarly) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866526" title="Mərcimək">
Mərcimək

Mərcimək (also, Merdzhimek) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866528" title="Andrzej Karweta">
Andrzej Karweta

Andrzej Karweta (11 June 1958 – 10 April 2010) was Vice Admiral of the Polish Navy and its commander-in-chief from November 2007 until his death in April 2010 in the Smolensk air crash..
Biography.
Andrzej Karweta was born in Jeleń village (part of Jaworzno since 1977). In 1977 he started studies at the Polish Naval Academy in Gdynia and graduated in 1982, with the rank of Lieutenant Junior Grade ("podporucznik marynarki"). In following years he attended further studies, including Defence Politics at the Polish National Defence University in Warsaw (2006) and studies at Royal College of Defence Studies in London.
He started service in the 13th Minesweeper Division in Hel in 1982. In 1986 he took his first command, of ORP "Czapla" (Projekt 206F class minesweeper), in 1989 of another minesweeper ORP "Mewa" and a group of minesweepers. In 1992-1996 he was chief of staff and second in command of the 13th Minesweeper Division, later he became its commander. During BALTOPS 2000 maneuvres he commanded an international anti-mine warfare group.
In 2002 he became deputy commander of the Underwater Warfare Division in Supreme Allied Commander Atlantic (SACLANT), and was a Polish representative in SACLANT headquarters. In 2005 he returned to Poland and served as the second in command of the 8th Coast Defence Flotilla in Świnoujście. On 3 May 2007 he was promoted to Rear Admiral and became a deputy chief of Polish Navy Staff in Gdynia. On 11 November 2007 he was promoted to Vice Admiral ("wiceadmirał") and appointed the Polish Navy's commander-in-chief.
He was listed on the flight manifest of the Tupolev Tu-154 of the 36th Special Aviation Regiment carrying the President of Poland Lech Kaczyński which crashed near Smolensk-North airport near Pechersk near Smolensk, Russia, on 10 April 2010, killing all aboard.

</doc>
<doc id="18866530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866530" title="Məmməduşağı">
Məmməduşağı

Məmməduşağı (also, Mamedushagy) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866532" title="Həsənlər">
Həsənlər

Həsənlər (also, Gasanlar) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866534" title="Yellicə">
Yellicə

Yellicə (also, Yellidzha) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866537" title="Şaplar">
Şaplar

Şaplar (also, Şapılar and Shaplar) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866539" title="Çıldıran">
Çıldıran

Çıldıran (also, Ch’ldran and Childyran) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866543" title="Gëzlyubulak">
Gëzlyubulak

Gëzlyubulak (also, Gezlubulak) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866548" title="Miklós Varga">
Miklós Varga

Miklos Varga (born 26 August 1987) is a Hungarian amateur boxer who competed at the 2008 Olympics but lost his only bout at lightweight to Merey Akshalov.

</doc>
<doc id="18866554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866554" title="Roy Kurrasch">
Roy Kurrasch

Roy William Kurrasch (born October 8, 1922) is a former American football end in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He was born in Toledo, Ohio. He also played in the All-America Football Conference for the New York Yankees. Kurrasch played college football at the University of California, Los Angeles and was drafted in the ninth round of the 1947 NFL Draft for the Washington Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="18866558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866558" title="Motorway 8 (Greece)">
Motorway 8 (Greece)

Motorway 8 (), also commonly referred to as "Olympia Odos", is a major motorway in Greece, partially under construction. The motorway connects Athens with Patras in southwestern Greece, spanning a total of . It replaces Greek National Road 8A, which is being upgraded to modern motorway standards. The completion date of the €2.8 billion project was scheduled for 2014. , the easternmost section between Corinth and Eleusis of the A8 motorway has been completed.
Operation.
"Olympia Odos Operations" will maintain and operate the road for a total of 30 years. Operations will include Two state-of-the art Traffic Control Centers will be built and operate 24/7 in order to handle emergency calls, as well as monitor traffic situations and contact emergency services when needed. Also included, will be 24/7 patrols, worksite protection, timley detection and response to incidents, and special services in the winter.
During the construction phase, routine maintenance and work for all parts of the infrastructure of the existing National roads will be conducted.
Facilities.
, there are 4 toll stations in the GR-8A/A8: at Eleusis, the Isthmus, Zevgolateio and Rio. The section between Eleusis and Corinth has 3 lanes per direction. There are service areas in Nea Peramos, Megara, Isthmus, Kiato, Akrata and Aigio.
Construction.
The construction of the A8 and the southern section of the A5 (Patras - Pyrgos - Tsakona) by "Olympia Odos S.A." is the largest and most challenging project currently undertaken in Greece, and one of the most complex ones in Europe." The project was expected to take six years to complete, and dust, noise, air pollution and potentially heavy traffic will have to be dealt with on a daily basis. The motorway will be a toll-road linking Athens to Tsakona through Corinth and Patras in the south-west of the Peloponnese. of motorway already exist, need to be upgraded and widened, and of new motorway will be built. The project also includes the construction of of tunnels and twenty interchanges.
Due to the Greek government-debt crisis, the project has been delayed considerably. The Greek government has not been able to deliver all the required land to the Olympia Odos consortium, and construction works have not started on those sections. , the completion date is unclear. 

</doc>
<doc id="18866574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866574" title="Gerson Lehrman Group">
Gerson Lehrman Group

Gerson Lehrman Group (GLG), founded in 1998 and headquartered in New York City, is a knowledge brokerage and primary research firm that operates an expert network platform of more than 500,000 subject matter experts who provide independent consulting services to companies around the world. 
GLG primarily serves the investment community doing primary research and improving the decision-making process by putting clients in touch with relevant experts through a variety of consulting methods, including telephone conversations, surveys, written reports and in-person meetings. GLG clients also include professional services firms, corporations, and non-profit organizations.
GLG members include consultants, physicians, scientists, engineers, lawyers, senior current and former c-level executives, and former government members.
The company divides its experts by field of expertise, focusing on specific industries or disciplines. GLG practice areas include: Accounting and Financial Analysis; Consumer Goods and Services; Energy and Industrials; Financial and Business Services; Healthcare; Legal, Economic and Regulatory Affairs; Real Estate; and Technology, Media and Telecommunications.
Origins.
Gerson Lehrman Group, once called the ""most valuable NYC company no one outside of Wall Street has ever heard of"", was founded by Duke University and Yale Law School graduate Thomas Lehrman and fellow Yale Law School graduate Mark Gerson, who had worked at the leading NYC hedge fund Tiger Management, that led to a generation of spinoffs (known as Tiger Cubs). GLG, initially funded by a friends and family round, was formed as a publishing house to produce industry guidebooks for institutional investors, a business they abandoned a year later when they could find no buyers for their product. The two retooled their business model a year later to offer a matchmaking service (later called expert network) to connect investors with independent consultants. Its services filled a research gap by providing timely, proprietary insights and to capture the long-tail of expertise that were increasingly difficult to get from large brokerage firms and other traditional research providers.
Business model.
GLG operates a technology-enabled platform for institutions to consult and collaborate with experts in various industries and disciplines around the globe. Clients work with Research Managers who, with the help of a proprietary set of online profiling and compliance tools, identify, find, vet and connect relevant experts with users. Clients can also identify appropriate experts from the network and manage the logistics around the consulting session via a Web-based software tool called the Research Management Platform (RMP). GLG connects clients with relevant experts in a variety of consulting methods, such as: 
The company’s approach of connecting people and allowing for ranking of the experience involves a number of elements associated with social networking sites. There are some who consider the GLG model to be part of the evolving social network collaboration trend.
Experts are usually invited by GLG researchers to join the network based on their expertise or association with industry organizations. Experts can also submit their profiles online, including biographical descriptions and other background information and choose their own honorariums. GLG home page states that it has more than 250,000 experts in its network. A competitor, Vista Research, is said to have a network of 90,000.
According to GLG website the company serves asset managers, private equity, investment banks, and venture capital clients as well as consultancies, corporations, law firms, life sciences companies, marketing agencies, nonprofit and public sectors. Some of its best clients include 15 of the leading 20 global investment banks, 9 of the world's leading 10 private equity firms and Fortune 500 clients in virtually all sectors. According to a report from Integrity Research, over 2/3 of all institutional investors use expert networks to obtain market and company background pertaining to the various investment theses they are researching" Goldman Sachs and Och-Ziff Capital Management Group were mentioned to be some of GLG's clients. The Economist recently reported that GLG’s clients spend on average $170,000 a year and that GLG keeps a record of "who talks to whom, about what, down to the minute". Gerson Lehrman Group claims it facilitates more than 18,000 transactions a month on average. A typical phone consultation with an expert lasts for approximately 60 minutes. with the experts, who aren't GLG employees.
Non Profit.
In 2006, GLG worked with U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development to provide new primary data and analysis relevant for any other recovery plans in the rebuilding of Louisiana following Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita. It has been on the news that it has also done some other philanthropy work with smaller charities.
Compliance Framework.
Before joining GLG platform and become able to participate in consultations, all experts are required to complete an interactive tutorial and agree to its Terms and Conditions contract. According to their website, among other things, all Council Members need to sign the contract in where they agree to:
As internal policy, experts without the written consent from their employers may also only speak with the same client no more than three times in one year, and the expert cannot earn more than $2,500 in a year from a single client. 
GLG has recently won an award for its compliance framework.
Spinoffs.
Recently GLG has created Hightable (formerly known as G+), a professional question-and-answer website, edited and organized by its community of users to compete with Quora and to attract more experts to their platform.
Partnerships.
As the use of alternative research providers within the financial industry has grown, brokerages themselves have been partnering with firms such as GLG. 
On September 10, 2008, the company announced a deal with Credit Suisse, whereby analysts from the financial services giant would be able to tap into GLG’s Council Members as part of their research process. About 300 Credit Suisse analysts became members of the GLG expert network. In 2009 it has also announced a partnership with Frost & Sullivan's, making their over 800 market researchers available to consult with GLG clients.
In July 2009, GLG announced that it has partnered with Amba Research, a leading financial services Knowledge Process Outsourcing (KPO) firm that provides equity and credit research.
On July 8, 2010, GLG and Bloomberg announced a partnership that enables clients of the Bloomberg Professional platform to access the GLG expert network through the Bloomberg platform. Through the partnership, Bloomberg clients can view the bios of more than 50,000 GLG Members on the Bloomberg Terminal, request consultations with experts, and access news commentary, video, webcasts and teleconferences.
In October 2011, GLG partnered with and acquired a minority stake in Ushi, a leading China-based business social networking provider, and the largest competitor of Linkedin in the region in order to boasts the GLG's network of more than 25,000 Chinese subject matter experts.
Offices.
In addition to Gerson Lehrman Group's headquarters in New York City, the company operates globally. It has offices in Austin, Boston, Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Washington, D.C., London, Hong Kong, New Delhi, Mumbai, Beijing, Shanghai, Singapore, Munich, Sydney, Seoul, Tokyo, Zurich, Dublin, Paris and São Paulo.
Expert Network Industry.
Although GLG is still the ""800 pound gorilla"", according to a 2008 report by Integrity Research there were at least 25 expert network providers (such as ENG - Expert Network Group, Coleman Research Group, AlphaSights, CognoLink, DeMatteo Monness, ExpertView, Informed Edge and Public Insight LP) with GLG having about 70% of the market. Estimates of the company’s value range from $875 million to $950 million. A 12-month revenue figure of $220 million was included in a company press release in December 2007 that announced that technology investment firm Silver Lake had made an approximately $200 million investment in GLG. An article published in Financial News in January 2009 reported that the company's revenues for 2008 were $284 million.
Controversy.
The expert network business model has drawn scrutiny for concerns relating to adherence to disclosure rules and sharing of insider information within the investment industry. During 2005, for example, doctors who served as paid consultants to investment firms as a result of their role in an expert network generated a “fair share of controversy.” GLG was part of a lawsuit filed by Biovail in March 2006, in which Biovail claimed that its shares had been manipulated. In September 2006, GLG announced the creation of a proprietary system that helped identify and manage conflicts, leveraging its experience as a pioneer in its industry to craft risk-reducing rules for expert engagements 
In January 2007, it was reported that the company and Vista Research, then a Standard & Poor affiliate, were part of an inquiry by the New York State Attorney General’s office into the consulting practices of investment firm clients. As of December 2007, the Attorney General had taken no action, and the investigation appeared to be dormant.
Although GLG has not been implicated of any wrongdoing the overall Experts Network industry has caught the eye of the regulators and is since the end of 2010 going through investigations by the American Regulators, after a consultant testified having used Primary Research Global, another expert network, to leak information to traders .
Trivia.
GLG business model has been used as case study at Harvard Business School 

</doc>
<doc id="18866576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866576" title="Birinci Milli">
Birinci Milli

Birinci Milli (also, Milli) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866578" title="Khungutala">
Khungutala

Khungutala (also, Khungut’ala and Khounkoutala) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866579" title="Qozlu, Kalbajar">
Qozlu, Kalbajar

Qozlu (also, Vaghouhas, Vaghuhas, Vaguas, Vaguaz, and Vaquas) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866589" title="Qozlu">
Qozlu

Qozlu or Kozlu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18866590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866590" title="Tracy Ackerman">
Tracy Ackerman

Tracy Ackerman is a British singer and songwriter. She works with several other British songwriters including Andy Watkins and Paul Wilson of Absolute and Mark Taylor.
She has recorded several of her own tracks and had a hit single in 1993 with the band Q with a cover of the Brenda Russell's hit, "Get Here". Other early work included singing lead on "Ice" on Rick Wakeman's 1988 solo album "Time Machine", and with 80s cover groups Enigma, This Year's Blonde & Mirage. Tracy also sang backing vocals on some of Shakatak's albums. She also toured with Boyzone and Dead or Alive,as well as doing backing vocals with Tessa Niles during Eric Clapton's 1988 immensely successful anniversary tour.
Ackerman was schooled at Gordano School between 1973 and 1978, and currently lives in Berkshire. She is married to successful property developer Steve Bromwich.

</doc>
<doc id="18866597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866597" title="Kilsəli, Kalbajar">
Kilsəli, Kalbajar

Kilsəli (also, Kil’syali, Kilisali, and Kiliselli) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866606" title="Dəvədaşı">
Dəvədaşı

Dəvədaşı (also, Poghosagomer, Pogosagomer, and Poqosaqomer) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866609" title="Arthur B. Metzner">
Arthur B. Metzner

Arthur B. Metzner (13 April 1927–4 May 2006) was a Canadian born United States professor of chemical engineering and noted rheologist.
Life.
Metzner was born 13 April 1927 in Gravelbourg, Saskatchewan and grew up in Barrhead, Alberta. He gained a B.S. degree in chemical engineering from the University of Alberta in 1948 and a doctorate Sc.D from Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1951. He joined the faculty of University of Delaware in 1953 and remained there until his retirement in 1993. He became a full professor in 1961, and in 1991 the H. Fletcher Brown Professor of Chemical Engineering, which title he held emeritus until his death. He died on 4 May 2006, survived by his wife, Elisabeth.
Work.
Metzner realised that conventional theories of heat and mass transfer were very poor in designing many industrial processes with non-Newtonian fluids, and set about producing new design methods. His work had direct industrial relevance to the processing of composite materials, polymer processing, and fiber spinning. His studies of fluid mechanics produced the "Otto-Metzner correlation" for power consumption in mixing of non-Newtonian fluids and the "White-Metzner" equation for stress which is used in computational fluid dynamics for polymer processing. He was also renowned as an educator.
Honours and awards.
Metzner was a member of the National Academy of Engineering and received awards from the American Institute of Chemical Engineers, the American Society for Engineering Education, the American Chemical Society and the Bingham Medal and from the Society of Rheology.

</doc>
<doc id="18866611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866611" title="Yayıcı">
Yayıcı

Yayıcı (also, Kchagot, Kchghot, Kchogut, Kochagot, Kochghut, Kochoghot, Kochogot, Ktchoghout, and Qoçoqot) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866613" title="Qızılqaya, Kalbajar">
Qızılqaya, Kalbajar

Qızılqaya (also, Arutunagomer, Arutyunagamer, Arutyunagomer, Haroutiuounagomer, Harut’yunagomer, and K’armir K’ar) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866615" title="Oktyabrkənd">
Oktyabrkənd

Oktyabrkənd (also, Molotov and Oktyabr’kend) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866622" title="Aşağı Ayrım">
Aşağı Ayrım

Aşağı Ayrım (also, Ashagy Ayrum) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan. The name signifies the former presence of Ayrums in the vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="18866623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866623" title="Çaykənd, Kalbajar">
Çaykənd, Kalbajar

Çaykənd (also, Chaykend) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866641" title="Çaykənd">
Çaykənd

Çaykənd or Chaykend or Chaikend or Ch’ayk’end may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18866651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866651" title="Avrelija Cencič">
Avrelija Cencič

Avrelija Cencič (pronounced Cen•cich) (19 October 1964 – 14 December 2012) was an award-winning Slovenian university professor, researcher in the fields of biochemistry, molecular biology and immunology, manager and educator in health and life sciences.
Education and training.
In 2000 she made her PhD (with 1st class honours) from Biochemistry and Molecular biology of leukocytic and trophoblastic interferon gamma participating with University of Paris XI, Orsay, France and University of Ljubljana, Medical Faculty, Slovenia.
Work experience.
She was employed as the Chair of Dept. of Biochemistry at the Faculty of Medicine and Chair of Dept. of Microbiology, Biochemistry, Molecular Biology and Biotechnology at the Faculty of Agriculture and Life Sciences and she was a Vice dean for research and was Vice dean for International Relations at the Faculty of Agriculture and Life Sciences at the University of Maribor.
Other skills and competences.
Multi language skills including English, German, French and Croatian.

</doc>
<doc id="18866670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866670" title="Kevin Baez">
Kevin Baez

Kevin Richard Baez (born January 10, 1967 in Brooklyn, New York) is a former American Major League Baseball player. He was a shortstop for the New York Mets in 1990, 1992 and 1993. Baez attended college at Dominican College and was drafted by the New York Mets in the 7th round in 1988. He made his debut on September 3, 1990. In 63 career games, he was 27 for 126 (a .179 average). He had 7 career RBIs. Baez played in his final game on October 3, 1993. He is currently the manager for the Long Island Ducks.
Kevin Baez has also served as the Long Island Ducks 3rd Base Coach.
2007.
In 2007 Kevin spent most of the season coaching in the Mets organization.
2009-Present.
Third base/infield coach Baez returned to the Ducks after serving as a coach in 2009. The former Ducks and big league infielder became a full-time coach with Long Island on May 20, 2005, and spent most of the 2007 season coaching in the Mets organization. In his role with the Ducks, he is responsible for working with all players to make sure the level of play is where it is needed both offensively and defensively to support the pitching staff. Baez will also coach third base
Kevin Baez is currently running baseball clinics for all ages in Oceanside, NY at South Shore Sports Complex. He helps children of all ages with the fundamentals of baseball from fielding to hitting.
Long Island Ducks.
Baez was an anchor of the Ducks’ 2004 championship team, batting .256 with 36 runs scored and 40 RBI in 98 games played. He was selected to the Atlantic League All-Star team and took home MVP honors after going 2-for-4 with two RBI and scored the go-ahead run in the North’s 10-8 victory over the South at Camden’s Campbell’s Field. In the 2004 playoffs, Baez batted .263 en route to his first professional baseball championship.
On November 17, 2010, the Long Island Ducks named Baez their manager for the 2011 season, replacing Dave LaPoint.
New York Mets.
A veteran of 63 major league and 1,750 minor league games, Baez registered career-highs in hits (113) and doubles (27) in 2000 with the Norfolk Tides (AAA, Mets). He has made three different stops in the majors (all with the Mets). His most lengthy stay came in 1993 when he appeared in 52 games at shortstop for New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18866684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866684" title="Entanglements">
Entanglements

Entanglements is the third full length album from indie rock ensemble Parenthetical Girls.

</doc>
<doc id="18866687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866687" title="Dresdner Verkehrsbetriebe">
Dresdner Verkehrsbetriebe

The Dresdner Verkehrsbetriebe AG (DVB), is the municipal transport company of the city of Dresden in Germany. It is a member of the Verkehrsverbund Oberelbe transport association that manages a common public transport structure for Dresden and its surrounding areas.
The DVB operates a network comprising 12 tram lines, with a total line length of approximately and a total route length of (), and 28 bus lines, with a total line length of approximately . It is also responsible for two funicular railways and three ferries across the River Elbe. It carries about 140 million passengers each year.
The DVB network carries some 142 million passenger journeys each year. In 2007, it generated €96.5m of revenue, covering 76% of costs.
Tramways.
The tramway system is the backbone of public transport in Dresden. DVB operates twelve tram routes, with a current total combined line length of . , there was of track, which translated into of actual tram route, serving 154 tram stops. The tram fleet is made up of 166 modern tramsets (with 31 older trams).
The origins of the Dresden tramway can be traced back to the year 1872, when the first horse-drawn line opened between the city centre and the former village of Blasewitz, now a borough of Dresden.
Tram network.
The Dresden tramway is a mixed system of traditional street running, especially in the inner city boroughs close to the city centre, and modern light rail. The tramway uses the unusual gauge of , which is just (or in) wider than standard gauge.
In recent years, street running has been replaced by independent right-of-way arrangements wherever possible, and new extensions created in the same form. In November 2008, a extension of route 7 was opened from Gorbitz to Pennrich, in Dresden's south eastern suburbs. In May 2011, a extension of route 10 opened from Friedrichstrasse to the city's "Messe" or exhibition centre, involving construction of a long, wide and high bridge across the floodplain of the River Elbe.
Unlike many other German cities of comparable size, no stadtbahn style tunnel sections or high platform stops have been created. However many tram stops have been rebuilt so as to be fully accessible to physically disabled persons, and to allow level boarding to the low floor trams that now operate most services.
Different routes can be identified by a route number and a colour code. The current routes are:
Future plans, as part of the "Stadtbahnprogrammn 2020", include of new tram route, with work starting in 2014. Some would be on reserved track, and the new routes would replace bus routes 61 and 62, some of the city's busiest, with an estimated cost of 223 million euros. The new routes comprise:
On all tramway routes except route 4, a general 10-minute headway is offered on weekdays, extending to 15 minutes on Saturday, Sunday and in the evening. On the main lines through the inner city, where different routes intertwine, vehicles run up to every two minutes. Route 4, which extends a considerable distance beyond the city boundary to the towns of Radebeul, Coswig and Weinböhla, operates the standard 10 or 15 minute interval service as far as Radebeul West, and a 30 minute service beyond that to Coswig and Weinböhla.
Tram fleet.
Most of the trams operating in Dresden are articulated low floor cars, of two different basic designs, each of which has several variants. The first generation of low floor cars was built by Deutsche Waggonbau (DWA) in Bautzen between 1995 and 2002; both 6 and 8 axle variants exist. The second generation of low floor cars have been built since 2003 by Bombardier Transportation, also in Bautzen, and are of that manufacturer's Flexity Classic design; both 8 and 12 axle variants exist. The articulated cars vary in length from long; all run as single car sets.
The fleet used to be composed of ČKD Tatra trams that provided service towards the end of the GDR era. At present some Tatra T4 cars built between 1968 and 1984 are still in service, but it is intended that they will all be replaced by 2010. The Tatra cars are all high floor, precluding level boarding from tram stops, and run in two car sets with a set length of some .
The DVB tram fleet operates out of three depots; at Gorbitz on routes 2,6 and 7 in south west Dresden, at Trachenberge on route 3 in the north-west, and Reick on routes 1, 9 and 13 in the south-east. Gorbitz is new facility opened in 1996 and includes a new central workshops. Trachenberge and Reick are older facilities that have both been heavily rebuilt to similar standards, whilst several other older depots have been closed. The former central workshops at Trachenberge, adjacent to the current depot, now house the Dresden Tram Museum, which has a collection including examples of many former Dresden trams.
CarGoTram.
The CarGoTram is a freight carrying tram that supplies Volkswagen's Transparent Factory, crossing the city. The two trams, up to long, are the longest vehicles allowed to use roads in Dresden. The connection by tram was established to reduce the number of trucks used. The factory is located to the east of the city centre, next to the Großer Garten, whilst the distribution depot that loads the parts is to the west of the city centre.
Buses.
The DVB operates 28 city bus routes, with a total route length of about . The routes are operated by a fleet of 145 buses.
Two of the city bus routes, the "75" and "62", provide trunk cross-city service, serving parts of Dresden not served tram routes. Most of the remaining bus routes are intended as a supplement to the tramway network, and are designed to cross the main radial tram routes at a right or oblique angle.
The modernization of the bus fleet has been significantly faster than that of the tram fleet. By 2001 the last GDR era Ikarus bus had been retired. Today, the DVB uses a fleet of buses manufactured by EvoBus (under the Mercedes-Benz bus brand), MAN and Solaris. The whole fleet has a low floor, and over 100 of the buses are articulated. One hybrid bus is operated.
Most of the DVB's bus fleet operate out of the central bus depot at Gruna, south-east of the inner city. However some 30 to 40 vehicles are kept at the Trachenberge tram depot.
Other modes.
Besides the tram and bus networks, common to many German cities, the DVB also operates two less common modes of city transportation.
Funicular railways.
The DVB operates two very different funicular railways within Dresden. Both start from lower terminals close to each other, in the district of Loschwitz and near to the famous Blue Wonder bridge over the River Elbe. The Standseilbahn Dresden is a conventional funicular that runs some to Weisser Hirsch. The Schwebebahn Dresden is a unique cable operated suspension railway, a kind of hanging monorail, that covers about to Oberloschwitz.
Both funiculars are operated by two cars, which counterbalance each other. The Standseilbahn is single track with a passing loop, whilst the Schwebebahn has two parallel 'tracks' on its substantial elevated structure. Both are electrically propelled.
Ferries.
The DVB operates three ferry services across the River Elbe in Dresden. The Pillnitz to Kleinzschachwitz Ferry carries both passengers and cars. The Laubegast to Niederpoyritz Ferry and Johannstadt to Neustadt Ferry are both pedestrian only.
The ferry services are maintained by a fleet of five passenger ferries and one car ferry. All the vessels are diesel propelled but of different designs. The oldest ferry dates from 1927 and the most recent from 2004. The smallest ferry carries a maximum of 40 passengers, whilst the largest passenger ferry carries up to 120. The car ferry can carry 140 passenger and 8 cars, or 350 passengers if no cars are carried. All ferries are painted in the DVB's yellow and white livery.

</doc>
<doc id="18866690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866690" title="Continuum (Prototype album)">
Continuum (Prototype album)

Continuum is the second studio album by heavy metal band Prototype. The album was released on May 23, 2006 by Nightmare Records. "The Way It Ends" was featured as a bonus track in the videogame "" and as part of Rock Band Network 2.0 DLC.

</doc>
<doc id="18866698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866698" title="RWTH Aachen Faculty of Mathematics, Computer science, and Natural sciences">
RWTH Aachen Faculty of Mathematics, Computer science, and Natural sciences

The Faculty of Mathematics, Computer science, and Natural sciences is one of nine faculties at the RWTH Aachen University. It comprises five sections for mathematics, computer science, physics, chemistry and biology. The Faculty was found in 1880 and produced several notable individuals like Arnold Sommerfeld and Nobel laureates Philipp Lenard, Wilhelm Wien, Johannes Stark or Karl Ziegler. Peter Debye studied Physics at the RWTH Aachen and won the Nobel Prize in 1936. Furthermore Helmut Zahn and his team of the Institute for textile chemistry were the first who synthesised Insulin.
The faculty cooperates with Forschungszentrum Jülich and the 4 Fraunhofer Institutes in Aachen. Several projects are assisted by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft and the European Union. Approximately 6,100 students are enrolled in the faculty.
Degrees awarded.
The following Degrees are awarded in mathematics, computer science, Media Informatics, Software system engineering, physics, chemistry and biology:

</doc>
<doc id="18866702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866702" title="Symphony No. 2 (Berwald)">
Symphony No. 2 (Berwald)

Franz Berwald completed the Symphony No. 2 in D major, "Capricieuse," on June 18, 1842, in Nyköping. The original score has been lost since the 1850s. In 1909, the Franz Berwald Foundation commissioned Ernst Ellberg to reconstruct the score from 4-stave sketches containing indications for orchestration. Ellberg's reconstruction was published in 1913 and first performed on January 9, 1914. Towards the end of the century, Nils Castegren reviewed Ellberg's reconstruction and published an "urtext" for Bärenreiter.
Ellberg's reconstruction calls for 2 flutes, 2 oboes, 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons, 4 horns, 2 trumpets, tenor trombone, 2 bass trombones, timpani and strings. While Berwald gave clear indications for the woodwinds and strings, such as "detailed notations ... indicating when certain wind instruments play in unison with the respective string parts or in a different octave," where he wanted brass and/or timpani, Berwald would merely write the names of the instruments. However, Berwald did indicate the tuning and register of the brass and timpani at the beginning of each movement.
The work is in three movements,
and lasts about 29 and a half minutes per Berwald's indications of duration (from which metronome markings could be extrapolated).
Discography.
On Naxos Records, Okko Kamu conducts the Helsingborg Symphony Orchestra on a disc that also includes the Symphony No. 1 in G minor, "Sérieuse," and the overture to "Estrella de Soria". Thomas Dausgaard with the Danish National Symphony Orchestra on Chandos Records also includes the "Serieuse" but opts for "Erinnerung an die Norwegischen Alpen" instead of an overture to fill out the disc.
The "Capricieuse" is also available in 2-disc sets of Berwald's four symphonies, such as David Montgomery's set with the Jena Philharmonic on Arte Nova and Sixten Ehrling's set with the Malmö Symphony Orchestra on BIS. Roy Goodman with the Swedish Radio Symphony Orchestra on Hyperion Records includes, besides the four completed symphonies, a fragment of a Symphony in A major and two opera overtures.

</doc>
<doc id="18866703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866703" title="Başkənd, Kalbajar">
Başkənd, Kalbajar

Başkənd (also, Bashkend) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18866704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866704" title="HMS Namur (1756)">
HMS Namur (1756)

HMS "Namur" was a 90-gun second rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Chatham Dockyard to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment as amended in 1750, and launched on 3 March 1756.
"Namur" fought in the Battle of Cape St Vincent (1797) under the command of Captain James Hawkins-Whitshed. "Namur" was astern of HMS Captain, under the command of then Commodore Horatio Nelson, at the beginning stages of the battle.
"Namur" was razeed to a 74-gun ship in 1805, and was placed on harbour service in 1807. She remained in this role until 1833, when she was finally broken up.
Some of "Namur"'s timbers were used to support the floor of the wheelwright's workshop at Chatham Dockyard. They were rediscovered there in 1995 and identified in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18866711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866711" title="Moose Entrance Kiosk">
Moose Entrance Kiosk

The Moose Entrance Kiosk was built between 1934 and 1939 by either the Public Works Administration or the Civilian Conservation Corps at the entrance to Grand Teton National Park. The log kiosk was built to National Park Service standard plans in the National Park Service Rustic style. It was originally located near the park's former administrative area, but was moved in the early 1960s to the new administration center and entrance at Moose. It is the last survivor of that building type and era in the park.
The kiosk was designed in the National Park Service rustic style, using rough log construction throughout. It is no longer used, having been supplanted by two newer, somewhat larger structures. 
The Moose Entrance Kiosk was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18866736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866736" title="Keak da Sneak (album)">
Keak da Sneak (album)

Keak da Sneak is the eighth album released by rapper, Keak da Sneak. It was released on November 9, 2004 for Moe Doe Entertainment and was produced by E-A-Ski, Tone Capone and D-Dre.

</doc>
<doc id="18866741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866741" title="1922 Dixie Classic">
1922 Dixie Classic

The 1922 Dixie Classic was a post-season college football bowl game between the Texas A&M Aggies and the on January 2, 1922 at Fair Park Stadium in Dallas, Texas. Texas A&M defeated Centre 22–14. It is also the game in which Texas A&M's 12th man tradition originated.
Centre came into the game undefeated, outscoring its opponents by a margin of 314 to 6. It also upset Harvard in the regular season in what was later deemed one of the greatest upsets in college football history. A&M finished its regular season 5–1–2 and captured a Southwest Conference title.
Game summary.
Texas A&M halfback Sammy Sanders received the opening kickoff from Centre kicker Red Roberts, returning it for 45 yards. After the first down of A&M's first drive, Aggie periodback and team captain Heinie Weir suffered a leg injury after getting tackled to the ground. He was moved to the sidelines. After the injury, A&M failed to gain any yards, and was forced to punt. A&M punter Tom Miller punt the ball, which was eventually caught by Tom Bartlett, who was stationed behind his goal line. Bartlett, who tried to run the ball, was immediately tackled by Fred Wilson for a safety. A&M put up two points on the scoreboard to lead Centre. Centre had never trailed in a game all season.
Centre's offensive line gave injuries to Aggie players Sanders and A. B. Morris, who were removed from the field. The Aggies played with four substitute defenders. 
Before the half ended, Centre reached A&M's two-yard line. Centre's Red Roberts and Bob Covington attempted to run through for a touchdown, but were stopped by the A&M defense line. On fourth down, Roberts was stopped at the A&M six-inch mark. Referee Ernie Quigley marked the ball at the two-inch line for the Aggies. The half ended with A&M maintaining its 2–0 lead.
During halftime, A&M head coach Dana X. Bible, after noticing the injuries on the team, called E. King Gill to the A&M bench. Gill, a reserve player who had left the A&M football squad at the end of the regular season to play basketball, was assisting sports editor Jinx Tucker in pointing out players in the press box of the stadium. Bible ordered Gill, who was in civilian clothes, to put on a football uniform in case he was needed to play in the game. Gill put on the uniform of Heine Weir, one of the injured football players, underneath the stands, since there were no dressing rooms, while Weir put on Gill's civilian clothes. Gill stood on the sidelines during the second half ready to go in, but ultimately was not called by Bible as the starting roster managed to finish, although Gill was the only substitute player available by the end of the game. However, Gill's readiness to play began the storied Twelfth Man tradition.
Once the third period started, Centre was forced to punt after they failed to gain yards on their first drive of the second half. The Aggies took over on downs, but fumbled on their first play. Centre recovered the ball on the A&M three-yard line. Centre fullback Jack Snoddy rushed in for a touchdown. Centre scored an extra point to put the score at 7–2.
After Centre's first score, A&M coach Bible chose to kick off. Centre received the ball, though fumbled it, causing three A&M tacklers to fall on the return player. Cap Murrah recovered the ball at the Centre thirty-three yard line. On A&M's possession, Puny Wilson threw the ball to Jack Evans for a touchdown. A&M restored their lead to 9–7 after scoring the extra point.
Centre fumbled the ball again on their ensuing possession, allowing the Aggies to recover it on Centre's twenty-four yard line. A&M's Miller rushed to the fourteen-yard line for a first down, and Billy McMillan chalked up five more yards. End Puny Wilson ran for a touchdown on the next down to extend the Aggies' lead to 16–7.
Once Centre got the ball again, their hopes of a comeback failed as Aggie defensive tackle Ted Winn intercepted a ball and ran forty-five yards for another A&M touchdown, increasing the score to 22–7. Centre would score a touchdown afterwards, but the game soon ended 22–14.

</doc>
<doc id="18866755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866755" title="Radio Amateur Association of Greece">
Radio Amateur Association of Greece

The Radio Amateur Association of Greece (RAAG) (in Greek, Ένωσις Ελλήνων Ραδιοερασιτεχνών - ΕΕΡ) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Greece. The society was founded in February 1958, facing great difficulties due to negative attitude of the Greek Government of the time towards amateur radio. RAAG represents the interests of Greek amateur radio operators before national, European, and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. RAAG is the national member society representing Greece in the International Amateur Radio Union. Key membership benefits of RAAG include the sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards and radio contests, and a QSL bureau for those members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries.
The Radio Amateur Association of Greece is governed by the President and six other committee members, who are elected by secret ballot for a period of two years.
Publications.
The society publishes a bimonthly bulletin, "SV-News" (, ISSN 1106-191X), covering technical topics and amateur radio operation activities. In addition, the society publishes a number of training and operating guide books in the Greek language. In 2008 it acquired the rights in the Greek language for the book "Ethics and Operating Procedures for the Radio Amateur" [http://ham-operating-ethics.org/], which was translated in Greek.

</doc>
<doc id="18866767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866767" title="Piano duet">
Piano duet

According to the "Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians", there are two kinds of piano duet: "those for two players at one instrument, and those in which each of the two pianists has an instrument to him- or herself." In American usage the former is often referred to as "piano four hands". Grove notes that the one-piano duet has the larger repertory, but has come to be regarded as a modest, domestic form of music-making by comparison with "the more glamorous two-piano duet". The latter is more often referred to as a piano duo.
The piano duet came to popularity in the second half of the 18th century. Mozart played duets as a child with his sister, and later wrote sonatas for four hands at one piano; Schubert was another composer who composed for the genre, notably with his Grand Duo, D812. Jane Bellingham in "The Oxford Companion to Music" lists other composers who wrote piano duets, including Brahms, Dvořák, Grieg, Debussy, Stravinsky, and Bartók. In the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries French piano duets included Bizet's "Jeux d'enfants", Fauré's "Dolly Suite" and Ravel's "Ma mère l'oye".

</doc>
<doc id="18866773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866773" title="Rich Girl (Louchie Lou &amp; Michie One song)">
Rich Girl (Louchie Lou &amp; Michie One song)

"Rich Girl" is a song by English reggae duo Louchie Lou & Michie One. It was in 1993 as a single from their album "I'll Be Free" (1995). It was inspired by the song "If I Were a Rich Man" from the musical "Fiddler on the Roof". In 2004, for the song's tenth anniversary, it was remade into a new song of the same name by Gwen Stefani featuring Eve on her debut solo album, "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." (2004). Tupac Shakur also sampled the song for his own song "Till My Dyin' Day".

</doc>
<doc id="18866777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866777" title="Steiner chain">
Steiner chain

In geometry, a Steiner chain is a set of "n" circles, all of which are tangent to two given non-intersecting circles (blue and red in Figure 1), where "n" is finite and each circle in the chain is tangent to the previous and next circles in the chain. In the usual "closed" Steiner chains, the first and last ("n"th) circles are also tangent to each other; by contrast, in "open" Steiner chains, they need not be. The given circles "α" and "β" do not intersect, but otherwise are unconstrained; the smaller circle may lie completely inside or outside of the larger circle. In these cases, the centers of Steiner-chain circles lie on an ellipse or a hyperbola, respectively.
Steiner chains are named after Jakob Steiner, who defined them in the 19th century and discovered many of their properties. A fundamental result is "Steiner's porism", which states:
"Tangent in the same way" means that the arbitrary circle is internally or externally tangent in the same way as a circle of the original Steiner chain. A porism is a type of theorem relating to the number of solutions and the conditions on it. Porisms often describe a geometrical figure that cannot exist unless a condition is met, but otherwise may exist in infinite number; another example is Poncelet's porism.
The method of circle inversion is helpful in treating Steiner chains. Since it preserves tangencies, angles and circles, inversion transforms one Steiner chain into another of the same number of circles. One particular choice of inversion transforms the given circles "α" and "β" into concentric circles; in this case, all the circles of the Steiner chain have the same size and can "roll" around in the annulus between the circles similar to ball bearings. This standard configuration allows several properties of Steiner chains to be derived, e.g., its points of tangencies always lie on a circle. Several generalizations of Steiner chains exist, most notably Soddy's hexlet and Pappus chains.
Definitions and types of tangency.
The two given circles "α" and "β" cannot intersect; hence, the smaller given circle must lie inside or outside the larger. The circles are usually shown as an annulus, i.e., with the smaller given circle inside the larger one. In this configuration, the Steiner-chain circles are externally tangent to the inner given circle and internally tangent to the outer circle. However, the smaller circle may also lie completely outside the larger one (Figure 2). The black circles of Figure 2 satisfy the conditions for a closed Steiner chain: they are all tangent to the two given circles and each is tangent to its neighbors in the chain. In this configuration, the Steiner-chain circles have the same type of tangency to both given circles, either externally or internally tangent to both. If the two given circles are tangent at a point, the Steiner chain becomes an infinite Pappus chain, which is often discussed in the context of the arbelos ("shoemaker's knife"), a geometric figure made from three circles. There is no general name for a sequence of circles tangent to two given circles that intersect at two points.
Closed, open and multi-cyclic.
The two given circles "α" and "β" touch the "n" circles of the Steiner chain, but each circle "C""k" of a Steiner chain touches only four circles: "α", "β", and its two neighbors, "C""k"−1 and "C""k"+1. By default, Steiner chains are assumed to be "closed", i.e., the first and last circles are tangent to one another. By contrast, an "open" Steiner chain is one in which the first and last circles, "C"1 and "C""n", are not tangent to one another; these circles are tangent only to "three" circles. Multicyclic Steiner chains wrap around the inner circle several times before closing, i.e., before being tangent to the initial circle.
Annular case and feasibility criterion.
The simplest type of Steiner chain is a closed chain of "n" circles of equal size surrounding an inscribed circle of radius "r"; the chain of circles is itself surrounded by a circumscribed circle of radius "R". The inscribed and circumscribed given circles are concentric, and the Steiner-chain circles lie in the annulus between them. By symmetry, the angle 2θ between the centers of the Steiner-chain circles is 360°/"n". Because Steiner chain circles are tangent to one another, the distance between their centers equals the sum of their radii, here twice their radius "ρ". The bisector (green in Figure) creates two right triangles, with a central angle of . The sine of this angle can be written as the length of its opposite segment, divided by the hypotenuse of the right triangle
Since "θ" is known from "n", this provides an equation for the unknown radius "ρ" of the Steiner-chain circles
The tangent points of a Steiner chain circle with the inner and outer given circles lie on a line that pass through their common center; hence, the outer radius .
These equations provide a criterion for the feasibility of a Steiner chain for two given concentric circles. A closed Steiner chain of "n" circles requires that the ratio of radii "R"/"r" of the given circles equal exactly
As shown below, this ratio-of-radii criterion for concentric given circles can be extended to all types of given circles by the inversive distance "δ" of the two given circles. For concentric circles, this distance is defined as a logarithm of their ratio of radii
Using the solution for concentric circles, the general criterion for a Steiner chain of "n" circles can be written
If a multicyclic annular Steiner chain has "n" total circles and wraps around "m" times before closing, the angle between Steiner-chain circles equals
In other respects, the feasibility criterion is unchanged.
Properties under inversion.
Circle inversion transforms one Steiner chain into another with the same number of circles.
In the transformed chain, the tangent points between adjacent circles of the Steiner chain all lie on a circle, namely the concentric circle midway between the two fixed concentric circles. Since tangencies and circles are preserved under inversion, this property of all tangencies lying on a circle is also true in the original chain. This property is also shared with the Pappus chain of circles, which can be construed as a special limiting case of the Steiner chain.
In the transformed chain, the tangent lines from O to the Steiner chain circles are separated by equal angles. In the original chain, this corresponds to equal angles between the tangent circles that pass through the center of inversion used to transform the original circles into a concentric pair.
In the transformed chain, the "n" lines connecting the pairs of tangent points of the Steiner circles with the concentric circles all pass through O, the common center. Similarly, the "n" lines tangent to each pair of adjacent circles in the Steiner chain also pass through O. Since lines through the center of inversion are invariant under inversion, and since tangency and concurrence are preserved under inversion, the 2"n" lines connecting the corresponding points in the original chain also pass through a single point, O.
Infinite family.
A Steiner chain between two non-intersecting circles can always be transformed into another Steiner chain of equally sized circles sandwiched between two concentric circles. Therefore, any such Steiner chain belongs to an infinite family of Steiner chains related by rotation of the transformed chain about O, the common center of the transformed bounding circles.
Elliptical/hyperbolic locus of centers.
The centers of the circles of a Steiner chain lie on a conic section. For example, if the smaller given circle lies within the larger, the centers lie on an ellipse. This is true for any set of circles that are internally tangent to one given circle and externally tangent to the other; such systems of circles appear in the Pappus chain, the problem of Apollonius, and the three-dimensional Soddy's hexlet. Similarly, if some circles of the Steiner chain are externally tangent to both given circles, their centers must lie on a hyperbola, whereas those that are internally tangent to both lie on a different hyperbola.
The circles of the Steiner chain are tangent to two fixed circles, denoted here as α and β, where β is enclosed by α. Let the radii of these two circles be denoted as "r"α and "r"β, respectively, and let their respective centers be the points A and B. Let the radius, diameter and center point of the "k"th circle of the Steiner chain be denoted as "r""k", "d""k" and P"k", respectively.
All the centers of the circles in the Steiner chain are located on a common ellipse, for the following reason. The sum of the distances from the center point of the "k"th circle of the Pappus chain to the two centers A and B of the fixed circles equals a constant
Thus, for all the centers of the circles of the Steiner chain, the sum of distances to A and B equals the same constant, "r"α+"r"β. This defines an ellipse, whose two foci are the points A and B, the centers of the circles, α and β, that sandwich the Steiner chain of circles. 
The sum of distances to the foci equals twice the semi-major axis "a" of an ellipse; hence,
Let "p" equal the distance between the foci, A and B. Then, the eccentricity "e" is defined by 2 "ae" = "p", or
From these parameters, the semi-minor axis "b" and the semi-latus rectum "L" can be determined
Therefore, the ellipse can be described by an equation in terms of its distance "d" to one focus
where θ is the angle with the line joining the two foci.
Conjugate chains.
If a Steiner chain has an even number of circles, then any two diametrically opposite circles in the chain can be taken as the two given circles of a new Steiner chain to which the original circles belong. If the original Steiner chain has "n" circles in "m" wraps, and the new chain has "p" circles in "q" wraps, then the equation holds
A simple example occurs for Steiner chains of four circles ("n" = 4) and one wrap ("m" = 1). In this case, the given circles and the Steiner-chain circles are equivalent in that both types of circles are tangent to four others; more generally, Steiner-chain circles are tangent to four circles, but the two given circles are tangent to "n" circles. In this case, any pair of opposite members of the Steiner chain may be selected as the given circles of another Steiner chain that involves the original given circles. Since "m" = "p" = 1 and "n" = "q" = 4, Steiner's equation is satisfied:
Generalizations.
The simplest generalization of a Steiner chain is to allow the given circles to touch or intersect one another. In the former case, this corresponds to a Pappus chain, which has an infinite number of circles.
Soddy's hexlet is a three-dimensional generalization of a Steiner chain of six circles. The centers of the six spheres (the "hexlet") travel along the same ellipse as do the centers of the corresponding Steiner chain. The envelope of the hexlet spheres is a Dupin cyclide, the inversion of a torus. The six spheres are not only tangent to the inner and outer sphere, but also to two other spheres, centered above and below the plane of the hexlet centers.
Multiple rings of Steiner chains are another generalization. An ordinary Steiner chain is obtained by inverting an annular chain of tangent circles bounded by two concentric circles. This may be generalized to inverting three or more concentric circles that sandwich annular chains of tangent circles.
Hierarchical Steiner chains are yet another generalization. If the two given circles of an ordinary Steiner chain are nested, i.e., if one lies entirely within the other, then the larger given circle circumscribes the Steiner-chain circles. In a hierarchical Steiner chain, each circle of a Steiner chain is itself the circumscribing given circle of another Steiner chain within it; this process may be repeated indefinitely, forming a fractal.

</doc>
<doc id="18866781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866781" title="Tennessee State Route 160">
Tennessee State Route 160

State Route 160 is a state highway in East Tennessee, that has both four-laned and two-laned sections.
Route description.
It begins at US Route 11E with a concurrency with SR-342 in Morristown, heading southeastward and essentially bypassing Morristown. SR-342 exists after SR-160 curves more eastwardly, and heads south to end at Tennessee State Route 66. SR-160 also has a brief concurrency with SR-66 and serves as the southern terminus for Tennessee State Route 474 just south of Morristown. It travels near the Morristown Industrial Park and provides a shortcut for truckers traveling to Interstate 81 in Lowland. About 1.7 miles south of the I-81 junction, the highway continues south, as a secondary two-laned highway, into Cocke County through the Bybee Community and ending near Newport at US Route 321.
Widening project.
Construction of the four-laned section began in 1990 and it took roughly two years to complete, passing through a number of hills and valleys, requiring extensive bridges. The first few miles of the highway took over part of Tennessee State Route 342. The four lane section goes from US 11E in Morristown to 1.7 miles south of Interstate 81.

</doc>
<doc id="18866802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866802" title="Jolande Sap">
Jolande Sap

Johanna Catharina Maria (Jolande) Sap (born May 22, 1963 in Venlo) is a Dutch GreenLeft (GroenLinks) politician and former educator and civil servant. She replaced Wijnand Duyvendak as an MP on September 3, 2008, after he left the Dutch House of Representatives. Since September 2, 2008 she was temporarily replacing Mariko Peters who was on parental leave but the next day Wijnand Duyvendak officially renounced, so she could succeed him. From December 16, 2010 to October 5, 2012 she was Party leader as well as Parliamentary group leader of the GreenLeft party in the House of Representatives, replacing Femke Halsema who announced her retirement from politics as of that date.
Sap studied economics at the Tilburg University between 1981 and 1989 where she specialized in political economy and philosophy. Between 1985 and 1988 she was a student assistant and coordinator at the department of development cooperation. She continued to work at the University of Amsterdam as researcher for three years. She studied the difference in pay between men and women. After that she became a research associate at the government Council for Emancipation. She initiated "Out of the Margin": two international conferences on feminist economics in 1992 and 1998. This led to a book, "Out of the Margin. Feminist Perspectives on Economics", which she edited with Susan Feiner. Since 1993 she was active within GreenLeft, as member of its economic committee.
In 1996 she started to work at the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, where she advised top civil servants on emancipation and lifetime-planning policy (combining labour, care and education throughout life), in addition to salary, income and pension policy.
In 2003 she left the ministry to become director of LEEFtijd (LIFEtime). She reoriented LEEFtijd on new issues such as the demographic developments in the Netherlands and lifetime-planning policy. In 2006 she co-authored GreenLeft's election program. She was put on the eighth place of the list of the House of Representatives for the 2006 elections. The party only won seven seats. In 2007 she became a member of the panel on principles of the Van Ojik committee, which would organize the discussion leading to a new Greenleft manifesto of principles. In 2008 she left LEEFtijd for a sabbatical. In August 2008 it was announced that she would replace Wijnand Duyvendak, who was leaving the House of Representatives.
After national elections on September 12, 2012 the size of the representation of the GreenLeft party within the House of Representatives was reduced from 10 seats to 4 seats. On October 5, 2012 Jolande Sap was forced to step down as leader in the House of Representatives for GreenLeft by the board of the GreenLeft party. Some days later Bram van Ojik became GL's new leader in the House of Representatives.
Sap is a specialist on social-economic issues. She values economic independence as an important condition for freedom. She seeks to stimulate emancipation and fight social exclusion. She wants to work on practical policies which would implement GreenLeft ideals such as self-realization, fairness and durability.

</doc>
<doc id="18866805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866805" title="RWTH Aachen Faculty of Architecture">
RWTH Aachen Faculty of Architecture

The Faculty of Architecture is one of nine faculties at the RWTH Aachen University. It comprises 22 chairs and institutes including art history, structural design or load carrying construction. The Faculty was found in 1880. Approximately 1,500 students are enrolled in the faculty.
Degrees awarded.
The following Degrees are awarded in architecture, urban management, art history or building history:

</doc>
<doc id="18866807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866807" title="542 (disambiguation)">
542 (disambiguation)

542 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18866817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866817" title="Vaziani Military Base">
Vaziani Military Base

The Vaziani Military Base is located about twenty kilometers outside Tbilisi at Latitude 41.6947 Longitude 45.0467, Georgia. The main base is spread over 10,000 hectares.
The Vaziani airfield—location: —has strategic importance as its concrete landing-strip is suitable for middle (Il-76M) and heavy (An-124 "Ruslan") transport aircraft.
Under the Soviet Union, it was the home base of the 137th Guards District Training Centre, originating from the Soviet 1st Guards Mechanized Corps. The airfield was home to the 283rd Aviation Division of the 34th Air Army.
The Russians retained control of a number of military bases even after Georgian independence. Vaziani was one of them, the others being Gudauta, Akhalkalaki and Batumi. It was from Vaziani that Igor Giorgadze was taken on a military flight to Moscow after the 1995 assassination attempt on President Eduard Shevardnadze.
At the OSCE Summit in Istanbul in 1999, the Russian Federation and Georgia released a joint statement that Russian military bases at Gudauta and Vaziani would be disbanded and withdrawn by 1 July 2001.
Russia finally ceded control on June 29, 2001.
A battalion of Georgia's 1st Infantry Brigade, Georgian Land Forces, then took possession. 
In July 2008, it was the site of Immediate Response 2008, which were U.S. training operations for Georgian forces.
It was bombed during the 2008 South Ossetia War.

</doc>
<doc id="18866821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866821" title="James Clements (disambiguation)">
James Clements (disambiguation)

James Clements may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18866828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866828" title="Obligate carrier">
Obligate carrier

An obligate carrier is an individual who may be clinically unaffected but who must carry a gene mutation based on analysis of the family history; usually applies to disorders inherited in an autosomal recessive and X-linked recessive manner.

</doc>
<doc id="18866829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866829" title="Jon Clay">
Jon Clay

Jonathan Clay, better known as Jonny Clay (born 26 June 1963) is a British former professional track and road racing cyclist. A silver medalist in the individual pursuit at the 1998 Commonwealth Games, Clay was also part of the team pursuit line up which took the bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.
After retiring from competitive cycling in 2000, he was appointed British Cycling’s Regional Talent Manager for the North East. In 2004 he took over management of the membership department before being appointed Cycle Sport and Membership Director of British Cycling in 2009.
A winner of several Premier Calendar events, he now helps to organise some of the races. Clay is also a committee member for the Dave Rayner fund, which assists young cyclists to race on the continent, and hopefully, turn professional.

</doc>
<doc id="18866838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866838" title="RWTH Aachen Faculty of Civil Engineering">
RWTH Aachen Faculty of Civil Engineering

The Faculty of Civil Engineering is one of nine faculties at the RWTH Aachen University. It was found in 1880 and produced several notable individuals like Philipp Forchheimer. Approximately 1,000 students are enrolled in the faculty.
Degrees awarded.
The following Degrees are awarded in civil engineering and industrial engineering:

</doc>
<doc id="18866848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866848" title="HMS Union (1756)">
HMS Union (1756)

HMS "Union" was a 90-gun second rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Chatham Dockyard to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment as amended in 1750, and launched on 25 September 1756.
In 1756, one of the midshipmen on the "Union" was John Hunter, later to become an admiral and the second Governor of New South Wales.
In 1799, "Union" was converted to serve as a hospital ship, and continued in this role until 1816, when the decision was taken to have her broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18866854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866854" title="New York State Route 164 (1940–1960s)">
New York State Route 164 (1940–1960s)

New York State Route 164 (NY 164) was a state highway in the New York City Metropolitan Area. It extended for from U.S. Route 9 (US 9) and NY 9A in Yonkers to US 1 in the New York City borough of the Bronx. The route ran mostly along the New York City line and indirectly met both the Saw Mill River Parkway and the New York State Thruway in Yonkers. NY 164 followed McLean Avenue in Yonkers and Nereid and Baychester Avenues in the Bronx.
The NY 164 designation was assigned to provide a signed route to the 1939–1940 New York World's Fair held in Queens. Originally, it began at the northern approach to the Bronx–Whitestone Bridge and followed Eastern Boulevard (now the path of the Bruckner Expressway) north to Baychester Avenue. As the Bruckner Expressway (Interstate 95 or I-95) was constructed in the 1960s, NY 164 was gradually truncated northward. The southern terminus was shifted north to the Bruckner Expressway's interchange with Gun Hill Road , resulting in a partial realignment of NY 164, and to the junction of US 1 and Baychester Avenue by 1964. By 1970, the New York State Department of Transportation had completely removed the NY 164 designation, allowing it to be reassigned to another highway in Putnam County.
During the peak of expressway and parkway construction in New York City in the 1960s, a proposal was made to construct an expressway that would parallel the northern segment of NY 164. The proposed highway, known as the City Line Expressway, never advanced past the planning stages.
Route description.
NY 164 began at an intersection with US 9 and NY 9A (Broadway) in the Westchester County city of Yonkers. The highway headed southeastward as McLean Avenue, passing Sutherland Park and Pelton Park as it approached Van Cortlandt Park and the northern boundary of New York City. Just before the route reached the city line, it made a U-turn to the north and interchanged with the Saw Mill River Parkway by way of Putnam Avenue. East of Putnam Avenue, the route paralleled the city line southeast to Central Park Avenue, here split into two one-way streets as it served as service roads for the New York State Thruway.
Past the Thruway, NY 164 followed a more pronounced southeasterly alignment and entered the New York City borough of the Bronx, where it became known as Nereid Avenue. The route crossed the Bronx River and proceeded eastward through the Wakefield neighborhood of the Bronx to an intersection with Baychester Avenue. Here, NY 164 turned onto the aforementioned street and followed it southeastward through the northern Bronx. The route went past Seton Falls Park just before it ended at a junction with US 1 (Boston Post Road).
History.
NY 164 was assigned to provide a signed route to the Bronx–Whitestone Bridge and the 1939–1940 New York World's Fair in Queens from Westchester County and the Bronx. The route began concurrent with NY 1A at the north approach to the Bronx–Whitestone Bridge and followed NY 1A north on Eastern Boulevard, now the path of the Bruckner Expressway. NY 1A and NY 164 split at the location of modern exit 8A, and NY 164 continued northwest on Baychester Avenue into the northern portion of the Bronx. At Nereid Avenue, NY 164 turned west, following Nereid and McLean Avenues to Broadway, where it ended at US 9 and NY 9A. The designation remained in place even after the World's Fair had concluded.
In the mid-1940s, NY 1A was realigned to follow the recently completed Hutchinson River Parkway Extension through the eastern Bronx, eliminating the overlap between NY 164 and NY 1A. The routing of NY 164 itself remained unchanged until , when the section of Eastern Boulevard (by this time known as Bruckner Boulevard) between Pelham Parkway and the Bruckner Interchange was upgraded into the Bruckner Expressway. Initially, there was no change to NY 164's routing as it followed the new highway from the Bronx–Whitestone Bridge to modern exit 12 (Baychester Avenue); however, by the following year, this section of the Bruckner Expressway was redesignated as part of I-95. As part of the change, NY 164 now began at exit 9 of the Bruckner Expressway and followed Gun Hill Road west to US 1. The two routes then embarked on an overlap northeast to Baychester Avenue, where NY 164 joined its previous alignment.
By 1964, NY 164 was truncated again, this time to the northeastern terminus of its overlap with US 1. The designation was removed entirely by 1970, allowing it to be reassigned to another road in Putnam County. Most of NY 164's former routing is currently maintained by the cities it passed through (New York City and Yonkers); the only part that is not city-maintained is the bridge carrying McLean Avenue over the Saw Mill River Parkway in Yonkers, which is maintained by Westchester County as the unsigned County Route 127.
In the mid-1960s, the Regional Plan Association (RPA) and the Tri-State Transportation Commission proposed that an expressway be built along East 223rd Street through the Woodlawn and Wakefield neighborhoods of the Bronx. The highway, known as the City Line Expressway, may have become a realignment of NY 164 if completed. The idea did not advance past the planning stages and was shelved in the late 1960s when Robert Moses was removed from his post as New York City's arterial coordinator.

</doc>
<doc id="18866859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866859" title="2001–02 Sheffield Wednesday F.C. season">
2001–02 Sheffield Wednesday F.C. season

The 2001–02 season was Sheffield Wednesday F.C.'s 135th season. They competed in the twenty-four team First Division, the second tier of English football, finishing twentieth.
Season summary.
After another bad start in the 2001-02 season, Shreeves handed the reins over to assistant Terry Yorath. Wednesday finished just two places above the Division One relegation zone and the only bright spot of the season was a run to the semi finals of the League Cup.
Results.
"Sheffield Wednesday's score comes first"
Squad.
[http://www.footballsquads.co.uk/eng/2001-2002/d1/sheffwed.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="18866862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866862" title="Gaisford Prize">
Gaisford Prize

The Gaisford Prize is a prize in the University of Oxford, founded in 1855 in memory of Dr Thomas Gaisford (1779–1855). For most of its history, the prize was awarded for Classical Greek Verse and Prose. The prizes are now the Gaisford Essay Prize and the Gaisford Dissertation Prize.
History.
Dr Thomas Gaisford, Dean of Christ Church, Regius Professor of Greek in the University of Oxford for more than forty years (1811–1855), died on 2 June 1855. Ten days later, at a meeting held in Christ Church on 12 June, it was resolved to establish a prize in his honour, to be called the Gaisford Prize, and to raise for that purpose £1,000 by public subscription, the interest to be applied "to reward a successful prizeman or prizemen, under such regulations as shall be approved by Convocation".
The Prize was first awarded in 1857.
When Oscar Wilde won the Newdigate Prize in 1878, his prize poem, "Ravenna", was published by Thomas Shrimpton and Son of Oxford with two lists of names on the wrapper, one of the winners of the Newdigate Prize from 1840 to 1877, the other of the winners of the Gaisford Prize for Greek Prose from 1857 to 1876.
There were originally two Gaisford Prizes, for Greek Verse and for Greek Prose. To these were added two more, for an Essay and for a Dissertation. However, under 'Part 21: Gaisford Fund', the current Schedule to the University's "Statutes and Regulations" provides for only two prizes: 
Notable winning entries.
John Davidson Beazley's winning entry for the 1907 Greek Prose prize, "Herodotus at the Zoo", was reprinted by Blackwell in 1911 and later appeared in a collection of classical parodies produced in Switzerland in 1968. The "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography" calls it "an enchanting work".
George Stuart Robertson won the prize for Greek Verse in 1894 with a translation of a hundred lines of Shakespeare into comic iambic verse, and the next year he won the prize for Greek Prose and a Blue for hammer throwing. He heard about the 1896 Summer Olympics, the first of the modern era, and later explained "Greek classics were my proper academic field, so I could hardly resist a go at the Olympics, could I?" On arrival in Athens, he found to his dismay that his discipline of hammer throwing was not to be competed in, so in the spirit of amateurism he entered the shot put, the discus and the tennis. In the discus, he recorded the Games' worst ever throw, and in the tennis doubles he lost his only match but nevertheless won a Bronze Medal. In a ceremony after the Games, Robertson recited an ode to athletic prowess which he had composed in Greek.
In fiction.
In Max Beerbohm's satirical tragedy of undergraduate life at Oxford, "Zuleika Dobson" (1911), the hero, called the Duke of Dorset, has won one of the Prizes: 

</doc>
<doc id="18866869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866869" title="Ford GAA engine">
Ford GAA engine

The Ford GAA engine is an all aluminum, 32 valve, DOHC, 60 degree V8 engine produced by the Ford Motor Company during World War II. It featured twin Stromberg NA-Y5-G carburetors, dual magnetos and twin spark plugs making up a full dual ignition system, and crossflow induction.
The GAA was used to power several models and derivatives of the M4A3 Sherman tank. The engine displaces and puts out over 1000 ft lbs of torque from idle to 2600 rpm. Maximum rated horsepower was 525@2800 rpm though most models were rated at 450HP.
Development.
Immediately preceding World War II, Ford developed an aircraft engine similar to that of the Rolls-Royce Merlin and Allison engines of that era. It was a 60 degree V-12 with aluminum block and head, dual overhead camshaft, and 4 valves per cylinder. The intention of this design was to help Ford break into the anticipated large market for fighter engines. This engine was built to typical aircraft standards: it was light, high performance, and highly reliable. Everything was safety wired or staked with close attention to detail on every part. Available information suggests this design performed well.
However, this engine never went into production as an aircraft engine due to the US Navy's decision to only use radial engines for its aircraft, and the Army's contractual commitments to existing engine manufacturers.
With the approach of war, increasing orders for the M4 tanks were causing supply issues with the existing engine. The U.S. Army decided they needed to source an engine supplier, so Ford removed 4 cylinders from the design and it went into production as a V-8.

</doc>
<doc id="18866897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866897" title="Jackson Lake Ranger Station">
Jackson Lake Ranger Station

The Jackson Lake Ranger Station is the last Depression-era U.S. Forest Service ranger station in its original location in Grand Teton National Park. When first established, the park comprised only the mountainous terrain above Jackson Hole, while the remainder of what would eventually become the park was administered by the Forest Service as part of Teton National Forest. The Jackson Lake Station was built in 1933 as close as possible to Park Service property as possible as a kind of resistance to the park's expansion. The station was one of five Forest Service stations in the area, and was taken over by the National Park Service when Jackson Hole National Monument was established in 1943, later becoming an enlarged Grand Teton National Park. It is the only such station not to have been moved or altered by the Park Service.
Description.
The ranger station building is a 1-1/2 story log structure typical of the rustic bungalow style used by the Forest Service for its buildings of the era. An outhouse, 1-1/2 story garage and 2-1/2 story barn complete the grouping. The site is on the Teton Park Road overlooking the Willow Flats and Jackson Lake. Of the five Forest Service ranger stations in the area, the Jackson Lake station is the only one not to have been moved or rebuilt after the Park Service takeover. 
Forest Service vs. Park Service.
The enlargement of Grand Teton National Park was the subject of bitter disagreement in the local population and of resentment in the Forest Service, which had opposed the transfer. When the Forest Service vacated the Jackson Lake station in 1943 it took all of the station's furnishings and fixtures, interpreting "movable equipment" to include piping, plumbing fixtures, doors and cabinets. A four-foot wide hole was cut in the floor to remove an underground water tank, leaving the building in poor condition. In advance of a visit by congressmen in 1943 a live skunk was placed in the building, dying there. Public opinion blamed Forest Service personnel who did not wish the congressional delegation to see the damage. 
The Jackson Lake Ranger Station was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18866915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866915" title="HD 158220">
HD 158220

HD 158220 or V862 Arae is a Be Star.

</doc>
<doc id="18866931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866931" title="John Clement">
John Clement

John Clement may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18866932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866932" title="RWTH Aachen Faculty of Mechanical Engineering">
RWTH Aachen Faculty of Mechanical Engineering

The Faculty of Mechanical Engineering is one of the nine faculties at the RWTH Aachen University and is widely recognized as one of the foremosts of such a faculty in Europe and the world. It was established in 1880 and has produced several notable individuals including Wendelin Wiedeking, Hugo Junkers, and Jesco von Puttkamer. Theodore von Kármán, a pioneer of modern Aerodynamics, accepted a position as director of the Aeronautical Institute in 1912. Several projects are assisted by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft and the European Union. Approximately 7,100 students are enrolled in the faculty. The faculty received a high amount of funds granted by third-party donors in the last years.
The faculty is closely affiliated with the German Universities Excellence Initiative as all the three lines of funding, including the institutional strategy, one graduate school, and three clusters of excellence, involve chairs and institutes from the faculty. No other similar faculties in Germany obtain such a distinction. This fact underlines the prominent quality of the faculty in research and education vis-à-vis other similar faculties in Germany.
The faculty is divided in about 50 chairs and institutes. There are cooperations with the Jülich Research Centre and the four Fraunhofer Institutes in Aachen. The research activities of the faculty are organized according to the following several fields:
Rankings and Degrees awarded.
The university was ranked 17th by QS World University Rankings and 23rd by US News in 2013 for mechanical engineering.
The following Degrees are awarded in mechanical engineering:

</doc>
<doc id="18866933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866933" title="Presiding Officer (Guantanamo Military Commissions)">
Presiding Officer (Guantanamo Military Commissions)

Pohl assigns all open cases to himself.
When James Pohl replaced Ralph Kohlmann as the Chief Presiding Officer, in 2009, he had the authority to choose which cases were assigned to the other Presiding Officers.
Pohl assigned all new cases to himself.

</doc>
<doc id="18866934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866934" title="HMS Neptune (1757)">
HMS Neptune (1757)

HMS "Neptune" was a 90-gun second rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Portsmouth Dockyard to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment as amended in 1750, and launched on 17 July 1757.
The "Neptune" was the flagship for Vice-Admiral Charles Knowles in 1757. One of "Neptune"s midshipmen at this time was John Hunter, later to become an admiral and the second Governor of New South Wales.
"Neptune" was converted to serve as a sheer hulk in 1784, and continued in this role until she was broken up in 1816.

</doc>
<doc id="18866964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866964" title="Hani al-Sayegh">
Hani al-Sayegh

A Saudi citizen, Hani Abdel Rahim Hussein al-Sayegh (هاني عبد الرحيم الصائغ) was an alleged member of Hezbollah Al-Hejaz and accused of involvement in the 1996 Khobar Towers bombing. He was one of 14 people subjected to extraordinary rendition by the CIA prior to the 2001 declaration of a War on Terror.
Although he appeared to be innocent, American officials released a falsified account of his interrogations and deported him back to Saudi Arabia, where it was presumed he faced beheading.
Life.
As a young man, al-Sayegh had joined the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution, but following a "particularly disastrous exercise" where his asthma interefered, he was told to leave the corps.
He left Saudi Arabia in August 1995, and moved to Iran where he studied, and then Kuwait.
In August 1996, after traveling through Rome and Boston, al-Sayegh arrived in Canada where he applied for refugee and permanent resident status, while living in Ottawa. He claimed to belong to a minority Shi'ite group, and that he and his brother Mohamed had both been tortured by Saudi officials.
Arrest.
The 28-year old al-Sayegh was arrested in a grocery store in March 1997, and hired immigration lawyer Douglas M. Baum to defend himself.
Canada accused him of driving one of two vehicles which had accompanied the car bomb, and had waved the bomber forward to indicate the parking lot was safe to enter, and sought to deport him. However, since al-Sayegh was a "frail" man suffering from frequent attacks of asthsma, the accusation that he had been a getaway driver was criticised. The evidence against him was based largely on a meeting, believed to have occurred two years before the bombing, between Sayegh and Ahmad Sherifi a senior Iranian intelligence officer also accused.
al-Sayegh argued that he had been studying in Iran for four years, including during the time the bombing took place, and that his phonecall to the Iranian embassy on the day the attacks was simply to help a friend obtain a visa.
The United States stated that despite early excitement, it did not appear to have enough evidence to extradite al-Sayegh. They also criticised Canada, stating that the arrest actually foiled surveillance efforts that would have been more fruitful. Canada issued a security certificate to deport him, but sent him to the United States rather than Saudi Arabia, since Attorney General Janet Reno had granted an exception allowing him into the country for the sole sake of prosecution. However, he expressed confusion at the transfer, upon arrival, claiming to know nothing about Khobar and not understanding why the Americans sought him.
In June, al-Sayegh agreed to a plea bargain whereby he would plead guilty to an unrelated incident, after confessing he had suggested bombing an AWACS plane that had been transferred to the Saudi air force. However, he backed out of the agreement the following month, and the United States moved to drop all charges against him. Nevertheless, after being moved from Canada into the United States, he was deported back to Saudi Arabia on October 10, 1999 where it was assumed he would be executed upon arrival.
In Saudi Arabia, he was held incommunicado at Al-Ha'ir Prison for ten days, before his wife and children were allowed to visit him in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="18866968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18866968" title="Cayamant, Quebec">
Cayamant, Quebec

Cayamant is a municipality in La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau Regional County Municipality, Quebec, Canada. The village of Lac-Cayamant is located at the north end of Lake Cayamant, west of Gracefield.
It was formerly known as the Township Municipality of Dorion, named after Antoine-Aimé Dorion (1818-1891). It was renamed to the Municipality of Cayamant at the end of 1988, due to many problems created by having the identical name to that of the city of Dorion (which merged with neighbouring Vaudreuil in 1994). The new name refers to the largest lake in its territory, Lake Cayamant. The Algonquin term "Kakgama, Kandikagamaw", or "Kandikagama" means "porcupine". Alternatively, it may come from "Kantuagama", which means lake with a large bay.
The village has a primary school, a church, and some convenience stores, restaurants and some basic commerce. Most of the population lives near the lake. The most populated street is ""Rue Principale"" (Main Street).
History.
Between 1890 and 1900, a few settlers moved to the shores of Cayamant Lake, becoming home to a flood of French Canadians who were heading to the west of the province in search of farmland.
In 1902, the "Lake Cayamont" post office opened (renamed in 1943 to Lake Cayamant). The Township Municipality of Dorion was formed on October 10, 1906. The first municipal council was elected on October 17, 1906.
In 1918, the parish of Saint-Roch-du-Lac Cayamant was established. In 1988, Dorion was renamed to Cayamant.
Demographics.
Population trend:
Private dwellings (occupied by usual residents): 422
Languages:

</doc>
<doc id="18867002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867002" title="Infinite Rider on the Big Dogma">
Infinite Rider on the Big Dogma

Infinite Rider on the Big Dogma (or simply, Infinite Rider) is Michael Nesmith's ninth post-Monkees studio album and the third studio album from his own company, Pacific Arts Records & Tapes. To continue developing Pacific Arts' multimedia projects, Nesmith originally developed the album as a "video album" (however, to date, "Infinite Rider" has only been released as a music album). It peaked at No. 151 on the Billboard Pop albums charts.
All the tracks on "Infinite Rider" have only one word in their title. Yet, on the LP, Nesmith listed each song with a parenthetical subtitle for each track.
Although the album was never released on video, Nesmith has released the album on compact disc. Several songs from the album have been produced as music videos, however, which were featured in Nesmith's Elephant Parts "video album".
Promotional materials.
To promote the release of "Infinite Rider", Pacific Arts released a promotional album entitled "The Michael Nesmith Radio Special". The promotional album intertwines an interview with Nesmith and the anticipated slate of songs for his then-forthcoming album.
Track listing.
All songs written by Michael Nesmith except "Capsule," which was written by Michael Nesmith, Al Perkins, David Mackay, Paul Leim, John Hobbs and Lenny Castro.
Parenthetical Titles.
Bonus tracks only available for download on Michael Nesmith's Videoranch:
Music videos.
The following videos were produced from "Infinite Rider":

</doc>
<doc id="18867005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867005" title="RWTH Aachen Faculty of Georesources and Materials Engineering">
RWTH Aachen Faculty of Georesources and Materials Engineering

The Faculty of Georesources and Materials Engineering is one of nine faculties at the RWTH Aachen University. It comprises three sections for "Raw Materials and Waste Disposal Technology", "Metallurgy and Materials Technology" and "Geoscience and Geology". The faculty was found in 1880 and produced several notable individuals, including Friedrich Robert Helmert. Approximately 3,000 students are enrolled in the faculty.
Degrees awarded.
The following degrees are awarded in Geoscience and Geography, Raw Materials and Waste Disposal Technology, or Metallurgy and Materials Technology:
History.
Already with the establishment of the RWTH Aachen as the Royal Rhine-Westphalian Polytechnical School () on October 10, 1870, the chairs for mining and metallurgy were set up beside the fields of building construction, hydraulic construction as well as road and railway construction. A chemistry laboratory was also among the facilities. Around the turn of the 20th century, the chair of metallurgy of iron () developed to a center of leading technology.
After the transformation of the institution into a technical university, the fourth faculty was formed as the Faculty of Mining, Chemistry and Metallurgy (). The department of Chemistry remained until 1940 within the faculty to be incorporated then into the Faculty of Natural Sciences. The faculty was later renamed Faculty of Mining, Metallurgy and Geosciences ().
The RWTH Aachen University was one of the only three technological institutions in Germany, the others being Berlin Institute of Technology and Clausthal University of Technology, featuring the disciplines of mining and metallurgy. 

</doc>
<doc id="18867007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867007" title="Pinna nobilis">
Pinna nobilis

Pinna nobilis, common name the "noble pen shell" or "fan mussel" is a species of large salt-water clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Pinnidae, the pen shells. It reaches up to 120 cm of shell length.
Distribution.
This species is endemic to the Mediterranean Sea, where it lives offshore down to depths ranging from 0.5 to 60 m. It could be found buried beneath soft-sediment areas (fine sand, mud, often anoxic).
Human relevance.
This species is the origin of sea silk, which was made from the byssus of the animal.
In recent years, "Pinna nobilis" has become threatened with extinction, due in part to fishing, incidental killing by trawling and anchoring, and the decline in seagrass fields; pollution kills eggs, larvae, and adult mussels. The noble pen shell has been listed as an endangered species in the Mediterranean Sea. The European Council Habitats Directive 92/43/EEC, on conservation of natural habitats and the wild fauna and flora, proclaims that "P. nobilis" is strictly protected (by the Annex IV of EEC, 1992)- all forms of deliberate capture or killing of fan mussel specimens are prohibited by law.
As part of the "Costa Concordia" disaster recovery effort ongoing in Italy (2012), a group of about 200 "Pinna nobilis" was manually relocated to a nearby area due to the threat posed by subsequent engineering work.

</doc>
<doc id="18867036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867036" title="Telsiz ve Radyo Amatörleri Cemiyeti">
Telsiz ve Radyo Amatörleri Cemiyeti

The Telsiz ve Radyo Amatörleri Cemiyeti (TRAC) (in English, Wireless and Radio Amateur Society) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Turkey. The organization was founded in 1962 as the Türkiye Radyo Amatörleri Cemiyeti, adopting its current name in 1980. With its headquarters located in Istanbul, TRAC has branches in 46 locations across Turkey. TRAC is the national member society representing Turkey in the International Amateur Radio Union.
History.
Due to the difficulties related to the existing government regulations at that time, the organization initially focused on electronics training. TRAC published a monthly electronics magazine, which was became a reference journal in Turkey for those who wanted to learn about electronics. The magazine was recommended by the Ministry of Education as a learning aid.
TRAC began lobbying the government for amateur radio regulations two years after its formation. Two attempts to establish an amateur radio service in Turkey were made in 1964 and again in 1966. Joint proposals by the Ministry of Defence, TRAC, and the Electric Engineers' Association, these efforts to change the existing law found their way to a parliamentary commission but were never put into the legislative agenda. Amateur radio regulations were finally established in 1983 with the passage of the Wireless Act. Historically, Turkey has suffered major natural disasters in which many have perished. Amateur radio's crucial importance and efficiency in establishing emergency communications during disasters and emergencies was cited as a main reason for establishing an active amateur radio service in Turkey.
Activity.
Key membership benefits of TRAC include the sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards and radio contests, and a QSL bureau for those members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries. TRAC represents the interests of Turkish amateur radio operators before Turkish and international telecommunications regulatory authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="18867066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867066" title="USS Whidbey (AG-141)">
USS Whidbey (AG-141)

USS "Whidbey" (AG-141) was a "Whidbey"-class miscellaneous auxiliary acquired from the U.S. Army where it was known as USA "FS-395" during World War II Army operations. She was transferred to the United States Navy in 1947, and the Navy assigned her to support the needs of the Pacific Ocean Trust Territory created as a result of the war. 
"Whidbey" served the medical needs of natives and military personnel in the Trust Territory, and, when war broke out during the Korean War, "Whidbey" turned her attention to the tropical diseases contracted by American military personnel, treating their diseases before releasing them to return stateside.
Built for the U.S. Army in Alabama.
"FS-395" -- an inter-island freighter and cargo vessel completed for the United States Army on 2 January 1945 at Decatur, Alabama, by the Ingalls Shipbuilding Corp. -- was subsequently inspected by the Navy and accepted for service at the Naval Operating Base (NOB), Subic Bay, Philippine Islands, on 22 February 1947. 
"FS-395" was later given the name "Whidbey" and classified a miscellaneous auxiliary, AG-141; she was commissioned at Naval Operating Base (NOB), Guam, while moored alongside "SS Hamilton Victory" on 8 August 1947, Chief Boatswain J. W. Jamieson in command.
Supporting World War II Trust Territory.
Later assigned to Service Division 51, Service Force, Pacific Fleet, "Whidbey" initially performed service under the auspices of the Commander in Chief, Pacific Fleet, who was given the collateral duty of High Commissioner of the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands, assigned by the United Nations to the United States after World War II. "Whidbey" carried passengers, provisions, and mail to the islands in the territories, returning to Guam with copra and other native products.
Caught and damaged in a storm.
A highlight of "Whidbey's" first year in commission occurred shortly before Christmas of 1947. At 0945 on 22 December, the ship began doubling up all lines in anticipation of an approaching storm, while she was moored alongside the district oiler, "YO-104", at Tomil Harbor, Yap Island; and at 1605 got underway for Guam, standing out to sea as the wind and sea began to rise menacingly. By 2200, the ship was maneuvering at various courses and speeds to keep headed into the wind; by 2330 the situation looked critical—all hands were ordered to don life jackets!
"Whidbey" fought the sea into the next morning. At 0042, a fire broke out in the bilges. Shutting down the port main engine, the auxiliary's crew battled the small fire for only a short time before they succeeded in putting it out, while, topside, heavy seas carried away one of the snip's lifeboats. The craft's port engine came to life only briefly before it had to be secured—leaving the ship operating on only one engine.
By 0413, heavy waves were breaking over the port and starboard sides of the ship; changing course at that instant, "Whidbey" suddenly ground onto a reef at 0418. All hands manned their abandon ship stations to prepare for any eventuality should the ship have foundered; but soundings were taken, and it looked as if the ship was on an even keel and not taking any water.
Salvaging the grounded ship.
"Whidbey" remained aground off the east coast of Yap, with no hope in sight until the afternoon of Christmas Day, when hove in sight at 1229. After spending the afternoon in trying to pull "Whidbey" off the reef, "Tawakoni" secured salvage operations that evening, but resumed them the next morning. Ultimately, "Tawakoni" succeeded in her task, towing "Whidbey" approximately and moving her astern on the 27th. On the 28th, the fleet tug set out for Guam at 1836 with the crippled auxiliary in tow. The little convoy arrived safely at Guam on the afternoon of the 31st.
Once repaired, "Whidbey" received a new task—a humanitarian mission. In an effort to look into the health and welfare of the inhabitants of all of the populated islands within the two and one-half million square miles of the Trust Territory, the Navy began a medical survey of those isles in 1948.
Converted to a mini-hospital.
Converted from a small cargo vessel to a specially equipped floating clinic, "Whidbey's" medical technicians "surveyed" thousands of islanders—men, women, and children—conducting parasitology tests, providing dental care, and taking blood tests and X-rays. Her medical teams not only provided those services on board ship, but also ashore as well, visiting the sick and the aged. "Whidbey's" performance of duty enabled the Navy to ascertain a complete picture of both the common and the rare diseases that occurred in the territories.
"Whidbey"s duties as a floating clinic came to an end with the completion of her last survey in late April 1951. Not only had "Whidbey" performed significant and helpful medical services to and for the islanders of the Trust Territories, but she had also gathered useful hydrographic data in the course of her cruises throughout the many isles of the territories.
Conversion to epidemiological disease control ship.
When the Navy relinquished its administrative duties to the U.S. Department of the Interior, "Whidbey's" role changed; her operations took on a different complexion in light of the Korean War that had broken out in the summer of 1950. 
"Whidbey", the value of her past service as a mini-hospital ship proved by experience in the Trust Territories, was overhauled at Yokosuka and converted from a medical survey vessel to a Fleet epidemiological disease control ship, becoming, in effect, a modern floating laboratory, with equipment and trained technicians capable of analyzing the most minute organism.
Deployed to Yokosuka, Japan, a port through which United States Marines were being rotated back to the United States from the combat zones in Korea, "Whidbey's" embarked Fleet Epidemiological Disease Control Unit No. 2 processed the homeward-bound marines for dysentery, malaria, or any other parasites contracted at the front. After the ship's medical team had obtained the samples, the marines sailed for the United States.
Working almost 24-hour shifts to obtain the results in minimum time, "Whidbey's" technicians then dispatched a report of results to the port of embarkation for each individual processed. As each transport arrived at her destination, quarantine officials there would thus be ready to treat whatever parasitical disease any marine had brought back from Korea. That process enabled those who had contracted malaria or any dormant infections to be cured before they returned to stateside posts or civilian life.
China area operations.
On 3 January 1952, "Whidbey" sailed for Taiwan (formerly Formosa) and carried out port visits to Keelung and Kaohsiung. She then shifted to the Nationalist Chinese naval base at Tsoying where, as "an ambassadress of good will and good health" she remained from 28 January to 5 May, her doctors working with those of the Chinese Navy. After touching at the Chinese naval base in the Pescadores, at Makung, until 15 May, "Whidbey" stopped briefly at Kaohsiung before she visited Hong Kong, en route to Sasebo. "Whidbey" again operated at Nationalist Chinese naval installations on Taiwan that summer.
"Whidbey" remained in the Far East, principally at Kobe and Yokosuka, through December 1953 and, placed in reserve on 1 July 1954, was assigned to the Pacific Reserve Fleet for overhaul and inactivation.
Post-Korean War decommissioning.
She was decommissioned on 15 November 1954. Placed in the Columbia River group of the Pacific Reserve Fleet, she remained there into the late 1950s. Struck from the Navy List on 1 May 1959, the unique craft was sold to Albert Heller on 31 May 1960 and subsequently scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="18867071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867071" title="Roller ship">
Roller ship

The roller ship, or roller steamer, was an unconventional – and unsuccessful – ship design of the late nineteenth century, which attempted to propel itself by means of large wheels. Only one such vessel was constructed – the "Ernest-Bazin", named for its inventor – which was found to be impractical.
Design.
The principle behind the design was similar to that of the slightly later hydrofoil; by avoiding as much hull contact with the water as possible, the amount of drag could be reduced and – in theory – the vessel could be made to move much faster for a given amount of power. As envisaged by Bazin, the main hull was lifted out of the water, with large hollow discs attached to each side. These discs would provide the buoyancy of the ship, as well as part of its propulsive power. These wheels were independently driven, with a separate screw lowered into the water from the hull to propel the boat.
The discs were lenticular: they tapered to a point, like the hulls of ships. Indeed, when pushed forwards through the water, without any rotational movement, they behaved exactly like a conventional hull. When rotated, however, they proved in testing to be much more efficient, due to the propulsive force being expended both vertically and horizontally. It was found that the overall speed ought to be roughly two-thirds the speed of rotation of the wheels.
History.
An early attempt to produce such a ship was made in the early 1880s by Robert Fryer, who built the "Alice" at a cost of some £14,000 after twelve years of experimentation. It consisted of three paddle wheels in a rough triangular layout, with a flat deck mounted above them; there was apparently no other propulsion. The project was a complete failure, perhaps due to the lack of any propulsion other than the paddles.
The first and only operational roller ship, the 280-ton "Ernest-Bazin", was designed by the French inventor Ernest Bazin after five years of model-based tests and launched at Saint-Denis on August 19, 1896. It had three pairs of discs ten-metres in diameter and three-metres thick; each pair was independently driven by a fifty-horsepower engine and, under normal conditions, about one-third submerged. The main hull was supported just above the axes of these discs, 4m above the sea level, and was about 40 by 12 metres; it contained the engines as well as the crew housing. Bazin predicted the ship would be able to make about eighteen knots, perhaps pushing twenty at full power; many observers estimated, however, that the design was theoretically capable of thirty-two knots based on the size and power of the wheels and on early model tests. This compared very favourably with contemporary steamships; the fast ocean liners of the day could manage slightly over twenty knots, whilst high-powered military Torpedo boat destroyers could break thirty. The fuel consumption was also anticipated to be sharply reduced; a full-scale vessel was predicted by Bazin to consume only 800 tons of coal for a thirty-knot Atlantic crossing, compared to 3000–4000 tons for a 22-knot crossing by a conventional liner.
However, when preparing to cross the English Channel in early 1897, the design was found to be unworkable. When the rollers rotated through the water, each one brought up so much water adhering to it that it was braked heavily, causing them to rotate much more slowly than anticipated and with a much greater consumption of fuel.
Bazin died on January 21, 1898, a few weeks after announcing he had overcome these problems, and revealing plans for an ocean-going liner, with four pairs of discs, which would be able to cross from Le Havre to New York in sixty hours.
The idea briefly resurfaced in the 1930s, with proposed designs for a large "tricycle" liner appearing in "Modern Mechanix" in 1934, and a much smaller four-wheeled boat in "Popular Science" in 1935.
Similar designs.
In 1897, Frederick Knapp, a lawyer in Prescott, Ontario, designed another type of vessel which he termed a "roller boat"; this was essentially a single long cylinder which sat in the water. An engine inside, supported on rotating bearings, caused the outer surface of the cylinder to rotate, acting as a paddle wheel. However, it suffered much the same flaws as Bazin's design; the hypothetical "mile a minute" was, in practice, no more than five knots, and the vessel proved difficult to control. After trials, the prototype was tied up at the harbour for ten years, before being sold as scrap.
References.
Das Rollenschiff des Ernest Bazin/ Ernest Bazin`s roller ship Report

</doc>
<doc id="18867107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867107" title="Sacramento Railyards">
Sacramento Railyards

The Sacramento Railyards (or Railyard Specific Plan) is an urban infill brownfield project of approximately at the western terminus of the First Transcontinental Railroad in the Richards Boulevard neighborhood of the city of Sacramento, California. The property is owned by IA Sacramento Holdings, L.L.C., a subsidiary of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. The Sacramento Railyards was master-planned by the Jerde Partnership firm. Construction will take 15 to 20 years with a projected build-out to last until the late 2020s.
The site is equivalent in size to the existing downtown central business district and holds significant historical and cultural importance to Sacramento. The project features the preservation and partial reuse of the "Central Shops" buildings originally used for railroad maintenance and the Southern Pacific Depot. One of the Central Shops will be refitted into a public marketplace. A railroad museum and a performing arts center is also planned.
Overall, the project is expected to include 12,000 housing units, of office uses,
History.
The first railroad in Sacramento as well as California was the Sacramento Valley Railroad finished in 1856 and engineered by Theodore Judah. Judah's efforts to realize a transcontinental railroad was transferred to the power of "The Big Four" investors, who created the Central Pacific Railroad. The First Transcontinental Railroad was completed in 1869, when Central Pacific's line joined Union Pacific's at Promontory Summit. Sacramento's terminus was the primary departure station for the railroad until 1883.
Central Pacific merged with Southern Pacific in 1870, and the former's maintenance yards were expanded with the addition of the Southern Pacific shops. The shops were used for locomotive repairs, general maintenance and, occasionally, creation. The yards steadily expanded, becoming the biggest railroad facility west of the Mississippi River and employing approximately one-third of all Sacramento workers in the early decades of the 20th century.
Railroad usage in the United States gradually declined over the century, and by the at beginning the 21st century, railyard upkeep had become less economically viable and laid largely dormant. In 2003, developer Millennia Associates vied to purchase the southern 70 acres (28 ha) of the railyards, hoping to eventually obtain the entire railyard from Union Pacific. Millennia’s financial partner, Thomas Enterprises, eventually finalized the railyard purchase on 2006-12-29.
Environmental remediation on the site has occurred since the 1980s. The California Department of Toxic Substances Control (DTSC) and the Environmental Protection Agency have identified numerous soil and groundwater contaminants on and near the development area. The nearby Jibboom Junkyard was listed on the National Priorities List (NPL) and identified as containing metal contaminants in the soil. After remediation and NPL deletion in 1991, a 2007 review of the site assessed that while the contaminants still persist, their levels remain protective of human health concerns. Similar metal contaminants are found in the Sims Metal Recycling property in the project area. A 2007 Memorandum of understanding gives DTSC oversight over remediation procedures and ensures the site is remediated to target levels.
The redevelopment phasing has been allotted into five phases; the first phase, infrastructure building, is currently under construction.

</doc>
<doc id="18867116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867116" title="Random positioning machine">
Random positioning machine

A random positioning machine, or RPM, rotates biological samples along two independent axes to change their orientation in space in complex ways and so eliminate the effect of gravity.
Description.
The RPM is a more sophisticated development of the single-axis clinostat. RPMs usually consist of two independently rotating frames. One frame is positioned inside the other giving a very complex net change of orientation to a biological sample mounted in the middle. The RPM is sometimes wrongly referred to as the '3-D clinostat". It is a microweight ('microgravity') simulator that is based on the principle of 'gravity-vector-averaging'. RPM provides a functional volume which is 'exposed' to simulated microweight.

</doc>
<doc id="18867155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867155" title="RWTH Aachen Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Information Technology">
RWTH Aachen Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Information Technology

The Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Information Technology is one of nine faculties at the RWTH Aachen University. It was separated from the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering in 1959. RWTH has produced several notable individuals. Nobel laureate Peter Debye received a degree in electrical engineering. Furthermore Bodo von Borries, Professor of Electrical Engineering was a co-inventor of electron microscope. Several projects are assisted by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft and the European Union. Approximately 2,700 students are enrolled in the faculty. 
The faculty cooperates with the Jülich Research Centre. It is administratively divided in 23 chairs including two endowed chairs from the Ericsson and Philips. The research activities of the faculty are organized according to the following five fields:
Degrees awarded.
The following Degrees are awarded in electrical engineering and industrial engineering:

</doc>
<doc id="18867164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867164" title="Arie van den Brand">
Arie van den Brand

Ir. Arie van den Brand (Oostvoorne, 22 February 1951) is a Dutch GreenLeft politician. He was member of the House of Representatives for GreenLeft between May 2002 and March 2004.
Van den Brand studied agriculture science at the University of Wageningen. He continued to work at the People's Academy of Bergen as director of the ILTC (the educational centre for the agricultural sector), and was a director of the foundation "In Natura". He was member of the Labour Party, but switched to GreenLeft in 2000.
Parliament.
In the 2002 election, Van den Brand was elected to the Dutch House of Representatives. He was spokesperson on agriculture, nature management, food safety, foreign trade, water management and tourism. After a heart attack he was inactive in parliament between December 2002 and September 2003. On March 10, 2004 he left parliament on the advice of his doctors, who held that the duties of an MP were too heavy a burden on his health. As an MP, Van den Brand took a strong stance against violent animal liberation activism. He said that it was "appalling that violent animal activism does not respect any notion of the rule of law", in a debate in the House of Representatives. In his view, "violent forms of animal activism should be stopped with any means possible". 
In 2007, van den Brand was again candidate for parliament, on this occasion for the Senate. The GreenLeft party congress however, did not place him on the places for two, three or four, for which he was a candidate.
Sustainable agriculture.
Outside of public life van den Brand is an award winning advocate for sustainable agriculture and the president of Biologica.

</doc>
<doc id="18867185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867185" title="Kiffian culture">
Kiffian culture

Kiffian is the name given by archaeologists to a prehistoric culture thriving between about 10,000 and 8,000 years ago in what is now the Sahara Desert. This was during a wet period of Saharan history known as the Neolithic Subpluvial. Human remains from this culture were found in 2000 at a site known as Gobero, located in Niger in the Ténéré Desert. The site is known as the largest and earliest grave of Stone Age people in the Sahara desert. 
Characteristics.
The Kiffian were skilled hunters, and the discovery of bones of many large savannah animals in the same area suggest that they lived on the shores of a lake that was present during a period when the Sahara was verdant and wet. Among some of the artifacts found in the grave were a bracelet on a young girl carved from a hippopotamus tusk, along with various ivory and pottery ornaments. The Kiffian people were tall, often over six feet tall.
Decline.
Traces of the Kiffian culture do not exist after 8,000 years ago, as the Sahara went through a dry period for the next thousand years. After this time, another culture, the Tenerians, colonized the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18867188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867188" title="1908 FHL season">
1908 FHL season

The 1908 Federal Hockey League (FHL) season was the fifth season of the league. After the death of Bud McCourt, and the resignations of teams from the league, the league had only three teams. The Ottawa Victorias and Cornwall Hockey Club returned from the previous year's teams. The league, previously amateur, was now composed of only professional teams, and billed itself as the 'Federal League.' The Renfrew Creamery Kings of the Upper Ottawa Valley Hockey League would play in the league with home games in Brockville, Ontario, playing as the Brockville team. This situation eventually caused the league to cease operations. Renfrew would return to the FAHL the following season, playing in Renfrew. 
Season.
The season would not last a month. The league suspended play on January 22, 1908. Brockville, which employed the Renfrew team to play, notified the Cornwall club that they would not play a game on January 23. The reason given was the refusal of the Ottawa Victorias to play against Renfrew wearing Brockville jerseys. The Renfrew club would continue in the Upper Ottawa Valley League, until it folded as well, then play exhibitions to finish the hockey season.
Results.
‡ Victorias refused to play Brockville team composed of Renfrew players.
Stanley Cup challenge.
During the season, as champions in 1907, the Victorias challenged the Stanley Cup champion Montreal Wanderers. The Victorias were no match for the Wanderers, losing two straight games in poor fashion.
Wanderers vs. Ottawa.
The Wanderers would win 9–3, 13–1 (22–4).

</doc>
<doc id="18867204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867204" title="RWTH Aachen Faculty of Arts and Humanities">
RWTH Aachen Faculty of Arts and Humanities

The Faculty of Arts and Humanities is one of nine faculties at the RWTH Aachen University. It was found in 1965 and produced several notable individuals like Arnold Gehlen or Klaus Mehnert. Approximately 4,200 students are enrolled in the faculty. Dean of the Faculty is Prof. Dr.sc.pol. Paul Hill.
As located at a Technical University there are exceptional strong ties between the Humanities and Engineering in research and teaching. Only one example for this is the interdisciplinary academic program "Technical Communication" (in German "Technik-Kommunikation"), which was founded in 1999 and is coordinated by Prof. Dr. Eva-Maria Jakobs. The program is a cooperation of five Faculties at RWTH Aachen University.
Degrees awarded.
The following Degrees are awarded:

</doc>
<doc id="18867251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867251" title="HMS Chichester (1753)">
HMS Chichester (1753)

HMS "Chichester" was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Portsmouth Dockyard to the standard draught for 70-gun ships as specified in the 1745 Establishment amended in 1750, and launched on 4 June 1753.
Because "Chichester" served in the navy's Egyptian campaign between 8 March 1801 and 2 September, her officers and crew qualified for the clasp "Egypt" to the Naval General Service Medal that the Admiralty authorized in 1850 to all surviving claimants.
"Chichester" served until 1803, when she was broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18867260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867260" title="María Grever">
María Grever

María Grever (14 September 1885 – 15 December 1951) was the first Mexican female musician to become a successful composer.
Early life.
María Joaquina de la Portilla Torres was born to a Spanish father (Francisco de la Portilla) and Mexican mother (Julia Torres) in Guanajuato, Mexico. For the first six years of her life she lived in Mexico City, moving to her father's natal city, Sevilla, in 1888. She studied music in France, with Claude Debussy and Franz Lenhard among her teachers. In 1900 she moved back to Mexico and continued her musical studies at her aunt's solfège school. In 1907, the then 22 year old de la Portilla, married Leo A. Grever, an American oil company executive, and in 1916 moved to New York City where she lived for the rest of her life.
Career.
Grever wrote more than 800 songs — the majority of them boleros — and her popularity reached audiences in Latin America, Europe, and the United States. She was said to have possessed perfect pitch and wrote most of her songs in one key. Her first piece of music, a Christmas carol, was composed when she was four years old. She wrote her first song when she was 18 years old, "A Una Ola" (To a Wave), and it sold three million copies. 
In 1920 she began work as a film composer for Paramount Pictures and 20th Century Fox studios. Joining ASCAP in 1935, her chief musical collaborators included Stanley Adams and Irving Caesar. 
Grever once said: “I had to leave my country, and now in New York I am interested in Jazz and Modern Rhythms, but above all, in Mexican Music, which I long to present to the American people. I am afraid they don't know much about it. It is music worth spreading; there is such a cultural richness in Mexican Music (it's Hispanic and indigenous origins and how they mix) where melody and rhythm merge. It is my wish and yearning to present the native rhythms and tunes (of Mexico) from a real perspective, but with the necessary flexibility to appeal to the universal audience". 
Grever's first international hit was "Júrame" (Promise, Love), a habanera-bolero interpreted in a masterly manner by tenor José Mojica. Other hits continued to follow, such as "Volveré" (I Will Return); "Te quiero dijiste" (Magic Is the Moonlight), written for the 1944 Esther Williams film "Bathing Beauty", as well as "Cuando vuelva a tu lado" (When I Return To Your Side) and "Por si no te vuelvo a ver"(What if I see you again).
In 1953, Argentine singer-actress and Latin America star Libertad Lamarque portrayed Grever in "Cuando me vaya" (When I Leave), a biopic directed by Tito Davison. Three years later, Lamarque released a best-selling tribute to Grever's most popular songs titled "Libertad Lamarque canta canciones de Maria Grever".
Then, in 1959 Dinah Washington recorded "What A Difference A Day Makes" (originally "Cuando vuelva a tu lado"), which became her signature song. Grever won a Grammy Award with it, and in 1998 the recording was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame.
Grever died in 1951 in New York. At her own request, her funerary remains where transported to Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="18867262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867262" title="James Wyatt (disambiguation)">
James Wyatt (disambiguation)

James Wyatt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18867263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867263" title="RWTH Aachen Faculty of Business and Economics">
RWTH Aachen Faculty of Business and Economics

The Faculty of Business and Economics (new: RWTH Aachen University School of Business and Economics) is one of nine faculties at the RWTH Aachen University. It was found in 1986. Approximately 1,500 students are enrolled in the faculty. It was renamed in RWTH Aachen University School of Business and Economics in 2011.
The RWTH Aachen University's School of Business and Economics is accredited by AACSB since 2011. This faculty is one of the strongest research universities for business administration in Germany.
Degrees awarded.
The following Degrees are awarded in business administration or macroeconomics:
Reputations.
According to the CHE ranking from 2011 is the Faculty of Economics one of the 15 strongest research departments of business administration in Germany. The School of Business and Economics is in the current Handelsblatt BWL ranking among the top ten of the German faculties, and in the top 15 German speaking faculties.

</doc>
<doc id="18867266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867266" title="Irving Tissue">
Irving Tissue

Irving Tissue Company Limited is a tissue products producing company, owned by J.D. Irving Limited. It has manufacturing locations in both Canada and the United States.
History.
Irving Tissue was started in 1988 in Saint John, New Brunswick after J.D. Irving acquired a tissue paper mill from Kimberly-Clark in the city's west side (adjacent to Irving Pulp and Paper). Irving began producing tissue for a new subsidiary that was sold under the marketing name Majesta.
In 1990, J.D. Irving opened a tissue converting plant for Majesta in Dieppe, New Brunswick that would make use of the tissue produced in Saint John. Irving begins producing private label tissue products and the Majesta brand is launched in Canada.
In 1996, Irving acquired another tissue paper mill from Kimberly-Clark as well as a tissue converting plant, both located in Fort Edward, New York. Part of this acquisition saw Irving Tissue receive the right to market its products under the Scotties Facial Tissue brand in the United States.
In 2001, J.D. Irving acquired a tissue production and converting plant in Toronto, Ontario from Procter & Gamble. This acquisition saw Irving Tissue receive the right to market the Royale brand in Canada.
In 2004, Irving Personal Care opened a New Brunswick plant using state-of-the-art equipment and technology to produce premium quality private label baby diapers and training pants for major North American retailers.
In 2010, major investments in buildings and a new through air dried paper machine at the Irving Tissue site in Fort Edward increases capacity and improves product quality.
Currently, Irving Tissue manufactures products under the Majesta and Royale brands in Canada and the Scotties brand in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18867272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867272" title="Surjani Town">
Surjani Town

Surjani Town () is one of the neighbourhoods of Gadap Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
There are several ethnic groups in Surjani Town including Muhajirs, Sindhis, Punjabis, Kashmiris, Seraikis, Pakhtuns, Balochis, Memons, Bohras, Ismailis, etc. Over 99% of the population is Muslim. The population of Gadap Town is estimated to be nearly one million. There was a man Sir. John owner of the land. therefore this area was called as "Sir John Town" later on it converted to "Surjani Town".

</doc>
<doc id="18867292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867292" title="Tugboat Granny">
Tugboat Granny

Tugboat Granny is a "Merrie Melodies" cartoon animated short starring Tweety and Sylvester. Released June 23, 1956, the cartoon is directed by Friz Freleng. The voices were performed by Mel Blanc and June Foray.
The cartoon's title is a play on "Tugboat Annie", and is the only cartoon in the Warner Bros. series to bear Granny's name.
It joined "Guided Muscle" and "The Grey Hounded Hare" as the cartoons featured on the final episode of ABC's "The Bugs Bunny & Tweety Show" on September 2, 2000.
Plot.
In the opening scene, Granny and Tweety are happily piloting a rented tugboat in a harbor, singing a kiddie-song duet about the carefree joys of their activity. It is the only scene in which Granny appears, as the rest of the cartoon is devoted to Sylvester's latest attempts to catch and eat Tweety, which begins when, after failing to grab a fish by hiding in a fisherman's basket, (where he gets attacked by a crab the fisherman caught) he sees the boat carrying the canary chug past.
Sylvester's attempts, all unsuccessful, include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18867303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867303" title="Gulshan-e-Sheraz">
Gulshan-e-Sheraz

Gulshan-e-Sheraz () is one of the neighbourhoods of Gadap Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. 
There are several ethnic groups in Gulshan-e-Sheraz including Muhajirs, Sindhis, Punjabis, Kashmiris, Seraikis, Pakhtuns, Balochis, Memons, Bohras, Ismailis, etc. Over 99% of the population is Muslim. The population of Gadap Town is estimated to be nearly one million.

</doc>
<doc id="18867345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867345" title="Avenida Vieira Souto">
Avenida Vieira Souto

Avenida Vieira Souto is a street in Rio de Janeiro which faces the sea. It passes through Ipanema, and continues into Leblon with a different name (Delfim Moreira). Brazil's most expensive residences are found on this street. On Sundays, half of the street is closed, so that people can walk on it.

</doc>
<doc id="18867371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867371" title="Asakawa">
Asakawa

Asakawa (written: 朝河 or 浅川) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18867388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867388" title="Bank of the Southwest Tower">
Bank of the Southwest Tower

The Bank of the Southwest Tower was a proposed building located in Houston, Texas, at 1,404 ft tall. It would have been second tallest building in North America after the Willis Tower in Chicago. With an estimated construction cost of $350–400 million, the project was cancelled before construction commenced, due to lack of funds during the economic downturn. 
The design created by architect Helmut Jahn of Murphy/Jahn, Inc. Architects was the winner of a design competition in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18867417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867417" title="HMS Dunkirk (1754)">
HMS Dunkirk (1754)

HMS "Dunkirk" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Woolwich Dockyard to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment as amended in 1750, and launched on 22 July 1754.
Career.
HMS "Dunkirk" was sent to America in 1755, along with several other ships, under Vice-Admiral Edward Boscawen. On 5 June she spotted four French ships which were bound for Canada under the command of Admiral Bois de la Mothe. "Dunkirk", and several other ships gave chase. "Dunkirk" came alongside the 64-gun "Alcide" and requested the captain meet with the Vice-Admiral, who was then about three miles away. After the captain of the "Alcide" refused, the "Dunkirk" opened fire. Soon afterwards, came alongside the French at which "Alcide" struck her colours. The "Alcide" had been carrying 900 troops and the governor of Louisbourg. The general of those troops was killed and 30,000 pounds sterling captured. In the battle, another French vessel, the "Lys" was captured by .
"Dunkirk" was placed on harbour service in 1778 under captain John Milligan, who had previously served as second lieutenant aboard During Milligan's captaincy and despite her harbor service status, she is among the vessels credited with a capture on 23 December 1781. According to the "London Gazette". she was in company with , , and at the capture of the Dutch ship "De Vrow Esther". Milligan left the ship in 1782.
"Dunkirk" was sold out of the navy in 1792.

</doc>
<doc id="18867455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867455" title="Free fall machine">
Free fall machine

The free fall machine (FFM) is designed to permit the development of small biological sample such as cell cultures without the effect of gravity under free fall conditions.
Description.
The free fall machine (FFM) addresses some of the problems of the simple horizontal clinostat. In a typical machine samples are allowed to cycle between free fall for about a metre down a column (0 g) and a "bounce" back to the top of the column that is intended to be so fast (20 g) that it is undetected by the biological sample. The sample therefore effectively grows at 0 g.

</doc>
<doc id="18867476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867476" title="RWTH Aachen Faculty of Medicine">
RWTH Aachen Faculty of Medicine

The Faculty of Medicine is one of nine faculties at the RWTH Aachen University. It was found in 1966. The Klinikum Aachen contains many specialised clinics, theoretical and clinical institutes and other research facilities, lecture halls, schools for jobs in the medical field, and all facilities necessary for a hospital like a laundry and central sterilisation. Approximately 2,700 students are enrolled in the faculty.
Degrees awarded.
The following Degrees are awarded medicine and biomedical engineering:

</doc>
<doc id="18867480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867480" title="Sander Cohen">
Sander Cohen

Sander Cohen is a fictional character in "BioShock" video game series, developed by Irrational Games (then under the monniker 2K Boston/2K Australia). Cohen lived among the most famous individuals in Rapture. As one of Rapture's more respected musicians, playwrights and poets, Cohen resided in a lavish apartment in Mercury Suites, along with other Rapture celebrities such as Frank Fontaine, Brigid Tenenbaum and Yi Suchong. Following Rapture's civil war and the chaotic months that followed it, Cohen slowly grew extremely paranoid. Cohen was given jurisdiction over an area of the city known as "Fort Frolic" by Andrew Ryan, the founder of Rapture. The splicers under his domination are often the subject of Cohen's newfound sadistic enjoyment in the death and suffering of others. All around Fort Frolic, examples of Cohen's "art" can be found. These are in fact Splicers encased in plaster.
Role in "BioShock".
Sander Cohen was invited personally by Andrew Ryan to reside in Rapture, due to Cohen's artistic talents (and it is implied that he and Ryan were friends or had a close relationship before Rapture was built). Before Rapture's descent into anarchy, Cohen was a prominent playwright, artist and composer in Fort Frolic. Cohen hated rival performer Anna Culpepper, who referred to him as "Ryan's Songbird." Sharing a close relation to Andrew Ryan, Cohen had Chief of Security Sullivan murder her. With the competition gone, Cohen experienced a rare era of extravagance before the Rapture Civil War forced him to close Fort Frolic.
Shortly before the Rapture Civil War, Cohen was given dominance over Fort Frolic by Andrew Ryan, who locked the area down to prevent its inhabitants from escaping. Similar to Dr. Steinman, Cohen grew insane, mainly due to overuse of plasmids and the frustration of lacking an audience to appreciate his work. An audio diary found in Fort Frolic reveals that Cohen came to regret his decision to move to Rapture. Before Jack's arrival in Rapture in 1960, Cohen apparently had four major "disciples": Silas Cobb, Martin Finnegan, Hector Rodriguez, and Kyle Fitzpatrick. All of them either betrayed or displeased Cohen at some point.
During the events of "BioShock," Jack must pass through Fort Frolic in order to proceed to Hephaestus. As Jack approaches the bathysphere, Cohen blocks his radio contact with Atlas and submerges the Bathysphere, trapping the player in the level. Cohen kills one of his former disciples in front of Jack and then asks the player to photograph the corpse. Cohen demands that Jack kill the other three disciples and take photographs of their bodies as well. Once this is done, the player must place the photographs in an art installation located in the center of Fort Frolic, which Cohen calls his "Masterpiece" - a tetraptych called the Quadtych. After all four photos are placed in the installation, Cohen reveals himself and allows Jack to proceed to Hephaestus. At this point, the player may leave or kill Cohen. If the player spares Cohen, he can be seen later in the game, in his luxury apartment in Mercury Suites. He will welcome the player into his home, and invite him to look around. Cohen can be killed at this point as well, after a pair of dancing Splicers are defeated.
It is implied that Cohen is homosexual. Silas Cobb and Martin Finnegan both refer to him as an "old fruit" and Cohen himself refers to Andrew Ryan as "the man I once loved."
Concept and creation.
The Sander Cohen character was based on several real-world figures. Cohen's last name was influenced by real life entertainer George M. Cohan, who was a notable playwright, composer, lyricist, actor, singer and dancer. His physical appearance, however, was based on the surrealist artist Salvador Dalí. Cohen was described as a "horrible songwriter" by Ken Levine in an interview for CVG.
Promotion and reception.
Employees for 2K Boston were each given a 6-inch scale model of Cohen by the studio's creative designer Ken Levine. The sculptures were designed by Irrational Games artist Robb Waters. 
IGN listed Cohen as the 89th best video game villain, stating that his needs are more concrete than the two primary antagonists of "BioShock". They added that he is, as are the other antagonists, only a few shades away from sanity, making him seem more realistic and relatable as a character. WhatCulture! ranked him sixtieth on its "100 Greatest Video Game Villains Of All Time" list. GamesRadar named him the 3rd in their top 7 list of "mentally damaged characters we love" in video games, noting that while almost every other character in the game was worthy of the list, he was the "one screwy, crazy son of a bitch that stood out". They further named him one of the best characters ever conceived in gaming, calling him their favorite "mad bastard" in the game and adding that in comparison to other major characters in the game, "Cohen’s relentless theatrics in the face of desolation bowled us over". 1UP.com stated that his presence made the "Fort Frolic" area of "BioShock" one of the most fondly remembered, and further stated that his character "expertly balanced both geniality and maliciousness in one disturbing package". In 2008, "PC Zone" ranked him as PC gaming's fourth best character while "GamesTM" listed him among the greatest ever game characters in 2010, commenting that "Sander Cohen becomes BioShock’s quintessential character", and it "is impossible to imagine the game without him."

</doc>
<doc id="18867508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867508" title="Sanjao sam san...">
Sanjao sam san...

Sanjao sam san... () is the ninth studio album of Montenegrin singer Šako Polumenta, which was released on 10 July 2008. This album was recorded in Studio Ceca in Belgrade, the first before the studio's official opening on June 14 to coincide with its owner, Ceca Raznatovic's, birthday. Sako Polumenta invested more money into this project than in any other album he recorded. 
Featured in this album was Sako's nephew, Dado Polumenta, who, with Sako, recorded the album's greatest hit, Ljepsa od noci. 
Songs.
The album contains twelve songs and two previously unreleased bonus songs. The track listings are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18867509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867509" title="HMS Montagu (1757)">
HMS Montagu (1757)

HMS "Montagu" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Sheerness Dockyard to the standard draught for 60-gun ships as specified by the 1745 Establishment, amended in 1750, and launched on 15 September 1757.
"Montagu" served until 1774, when she was sunk to form part of a breakwater.

</doc>
<doc id="18867510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867510" title="Conditional mutual information">
Conditional mutual information

In probability theory, and in particular, information theory, the conditional mutual information is, in its most basic form, the expected value of the mutual information of two random variables given the value of a third.
Definition.
For discrete random variables formula_1 formula_2 and formula_3 we define
where the marginal, joint, and/or conditional probability mass functions are denoted by formula_5 with the appropriate subscript. This can be simplified as
Alternatively, we may write
This can be rewritten to show its relationship to mutual information
usually rearranged as the chain rule for mutual information
Another equivalent form of the above is
Conditioning on a third random variable may either increase or decrease the mutual information: that is, the difference formula_11, called the interaction information, may be positive, negative, or zero, but it is always true that
for discrete, jointly distributed random variables "X", "Y", "Z". This result has been used as a basic building block for proving other inequalities in information theory, in particular, those known as Shannon-type inequalities.
Like mutual information, conditional mutual information can be expressed as a Kullback-Leibler divergence:
Or as an expected value of simpler Kullback-Leibler divergences:
More general definition.
A more general definition of conditional mutual information, applicable to random variables with continuous or other arbitrary distributions, will depend on the concept of regular conditional probability. (See also.)
Let formula_16 be a probability space, and let the random variables "X", "Y", and "Z" each be defined as a Borel-measurable function from formula_17 to some state space endowed with a topological structure.
Consider the Borel measure (on the σ-algebra generated by the open sets) in the state space of each random variable defined by assigning each Borel set the formula_18-measure of its preimage in formula_19. This is called the pushforward measure formula_20 The support of a random variable is defined to be the topological support of this measure, i.e. formula_21
Now we can formally define the conditional probability measure given the value of one (or, via the product topology, more) of the random variables. Let formula_22 be a measurable subset of formula_23 (i.e. formula_24) and let formula_25 Then, using the disintegration theorem:
where the limit is taken over the open neighborhoods formula_27 of formula_28, as they are allowed to become arbitrarily smaller with respect to set inclusion. 
Finally we can define the conditional mutual information via Lebesgue integration:
where the integrand is the logarithm of a Radon–Nikodym derivative involving some of the conditional probability measures we have just defined.
Note on notation.
In an expression such as formula_30 formula_31 formula_32 and formula_33 need not necessarily be restricted to representing individual random variables, but could also represent the joint distribution of any collection of random variables defined on the same probability space. As is common in probability theory, we may use the comma to denote such a joint distribution, e.g. formula_34 Hence the use of the semicolon (or occasionally a colon or even a wedge formula_35) to separate the principal arguments of the mutual information symbol. (No such distinction is necessary in the symbol for joint entropy, since the joint entropy of any number of random variables is the same as the entropy of their joint distribution.)
Multivariate mutual information.
The conditional mutual information can be used to inductively define a multivariate mutual information in a set- or measure-theoretic sense in the context of information diagrams. In this sense we define the multivariate mutual information as follows:
where
This definition is identical to that of interaction information except for a change in sign in the case of an odd number of random variables. A complication is that this multivariate mutual information (as well as the interaction information) can be positive, negative, or zero, which makes this quantity difficult to interpret intuitively. In fact, for "n" random variables, there are formula_38 degrees of freedom for how they might be correlated in an information-theoretic sense, corresponding to each non-empty subset of these variables. These degrees of freedom are bounded by various Shannon- and non-Shannon-type inequalities in information theory.

</doc>
<doc id="18867534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867534" title="Nuno Gomes (disambiguation)">
Nuno Gomes (disambiguation)

Nuno Gomes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18867549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867549" title="The Journey Home (disambiguation)">
The Journey Home (disambiguation)

The Journey Home may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18867556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867556" title="Gerry Brown">
Gerry Brown

Gerry “The Gov.” Brown is a recording engineer and producer based in Los Angeles credited on over 47 Platinum and Gold Records. He has received over 15 Grammy bids, including five nominations for Alicia Keys’ “Songs In A Minor,” a Song of the Year Award for Erykah Badu’s “Love of My Life,” two nominations for
Vanessa Williams’ “Comfort Zone” and “Sweetest Days,” and three nominations for Raphael Saadiq’s “Instant Vintage”. Gerry also won a Billboard Award for producing “Love Is” by Vanessa Williams and Brian McKnight. His album credits include artists Whitney Houston, Earth Wind & Fire, Madonna, Sting, Prince, Madame X, Bernadette Cooper "Drama According To Bernadette Cooper", Stanley Clarke, Leon Ware, The Bee Gees, Brandy, Joss Stone, TLC, Brian McKnight, Phil Collins, Kelis, George Clinton, Nappy Roots, Anastacia, Jill Scott, Buddy Guy, Jaguar Wright, Warren G, Common, The Bangles, Marcus Miller, Wayne Shorter, Roy Ayers, Craig Harris, The Gap Band, Usher, Monica, Jonathan Butler, Mariah Carey, Victor Wooten and Babyface.
Biography.
Gerry has always been fascinated by electronics. At age of five, he received a tape recorder as a gift. He earned the name “Tape Recorder” because he would
use the device to record everything around him: people, birds, cars and all types of sound.
He began to play the trombone in his teens and accelerated to be the primary player at LA High. David Sears, the school band director, gave Gerry an
opportunity to work in his 4-track home studio. For years after his graduation, the teacher helped guide Gerry into the engineering profession while teaching him work ethic and the importance of giving back.
After graduating from LA High School, he attended one semester at California State University: Northridge, before deciding to follow his true passion.
He graduated from Sound Masters Recording School, one of the first schools dedicated to sound engineering.
In 1977, Gerry began his professional career with ABC Recording Studios. His first position was in the tape library where he organized and studied over
80,000 tapes, absorbing the history that would become a career tool. After five months, ABC Studios promoted Gerry to a full time second engineer. The
grooming process continued as the young audiophile worked with world-class engineers Roger Nichols, Al Schmitt, Barnie Perkins, and Reggie Dozier. Gerry went on to work on staff at Lionshare, Total Experience, Chick Corea’s Mad Hatters
studios as a lead engineer, and became independent in 1982.
In 1988, Gerry met Ed Eckstein, then president of Wing Records, when Ed called for a mix of Ron Isley and Angela Winbush’s “Lay Your Troubles Down”. The single landed in the Billboard R&B Top 10. Over the next 7 years, Gerry became a close friend, advisor, producer, and first call for Ed. When Ed became co-President of Polygram in 1992, Gerry followed him to New York City to collect work as Polygram’s “designated hitter”. Though he enjoyed great success during this
period, including work on the film Jason's Lyric, various other soundtracks, and a string of hits, he missed his roots and friends and returned to LA in 1996.
Gerry Brown has built a strong independent career as a high demand engineer and producer. He currently lives in Los Angeles where he continues to add to his long list of eclectic credits. His passionate commitment and thirst for knowledge has kept him in the top of the field for over 2 decades, continually cultivating and improving his craft. He has recently completed albums for Joss Stone, Leon Ware, Raphael Saadiq, Stanley Clarke, SMV: Stanley Clarke, Marcus Miller and Victor Wooten, and emerging rock group Beatnik Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="18867565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867565" title="Yuxarı Oratag">
Yuxarı Oratag

Yuxarı Oratag () (also Horatagh, Oratagverin, Ortagverin, Verin Horrat’agh and Verin Oratag) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867574" title="Getavan">
Getavan

Getavan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18867578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867578" title="Fiachnae mac Áedo Róin">
Fiachnae mac Áedo Róin

Fiachnae mac Áedo Róin (died 789) was a Dal Fiatach king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland. He reigned from 750 to 789. He was the son of Áed Róin (died 735) and brother of Bressal mac Áedo Róin (died 750),previous kings. This family had their base in modern County Down.
Background.
His father had been slain in battle in 735 by the high king Áed Allán (died 743) of the Cenél nEógain and the kingship of Ulaid passed to the rival Dal nAraide of southern County Antrim in the person of Cathussach mac Ailello (died 749). However in 749 Cathussach was killed at Ráith Beithech (Rathveagh, modern County Antrim) probably in the interest of the Dal Fiatach and Fiachnae's brother, Bressal, became king. Bressal himself was killed in 750 but the Dal Fiatach retained the kingship. The historian Professor Byrne, however, believes that it is probable there was an interregnum in Ulaid between the reigns of Áed Róin and Fiachnae. 
Reign.
Fiachnae restored the fortunes of the Dal Fiatach during his long reign. In 759 he became involved in a dispute among the churchmen of Armagh. Fiachnae supported the abbot Fer-dá-Chrích versus a priest named Airechtach who had the support of Dúngal mac Amalgado of the Ui Neill of Brega. Fiachnae defeated them at the Battle of Emain Macha, near Armagh, and Dúngal and his ally Donn Bó mac Con Brettan, king of Fir Rois were slain.
In 761 Fiachnae defeated the Uí Echach Cobo (a branch of the Dal nAraide) of the west part of county Down in the Battle of Áth Duma where their king Ailill mac Feidlimid was slain. The Uí Echach Coba were to suffer another defeat in 776 this time at the hands of the Airthir (an Airgialla tribe of modern County Armagh).
The Dal nAraide proper engaged in internecine civil wars in 776 and 783. In one of these conflicts in 776 Fiachnae's son Eochaid gave support to the claimant Tommaltach mac Indrechtaig (died 790) and they defeated and slew the King of Dal nAraide, Cinaed Ciarrge mac Cathussaig, and his ally Dúngal, king of the Uí Tuirtri (an Airgialla tribe west of Lough Neagh) in the Battle of Drong.
The power of Fiachnae was such that the high king Donnchad Midi (died 797) sought a conference with him at Inis na Ríg in eastern Brega. However, mutual distrust prevented Fiachnae from coming ashore and Donnchad from going out to sea to meet him. The purpose of the meetimg may have been to deliminate spheres of influence. Donnchad may have been seeking to settle affairs involving the Uí Echach Coba and Airthir and the border region of the Conailli Muirtheimne (in modern County Louth).
Expansion of Dal Fiatach Influence.
The expansion of the Dal Fiatach northwards to the shores of Lough Neagh began in his reign and this cut off the Dal nAraide proper from their kinsmen the Uí Echach Coba in the south. Fiachnae also gave his patronage to Bangor, traditionally a Dal nAraide monastery. He also converted Downpatrick into a royal monastery (or this was done by his father). The first recorded abbot of Downpatrick in the annals has a death notice in 753. 
His sons Eochaid mac Fiachnai (died 810) and Cairell mac Fiachnai (died 819) were Kings of Ulster. Another son, Loingsech mac Fiachnai (died 800) was abbot of Downpatrick. Fiachnae's nephew Diarmait Ua Áedo Róin (died 825) was a Céli Dé (Culdee) church reformer and founded the monastery of Diseart Diarmad (Castledermot, modern County Kildare) in 812 renewing the ties of Bangor with Leinster.

</doc>
<doc id="18867586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867586" title="Getavan, Azerbaijan">
Getavan, Azerbaijan

Getavan (also, Burduzh and Guetavan) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867593" title="Milan Janša">
Milan Janša

Milan Janša (born September 26, 1965 in Jesenice) is a former Slovenian rower and Olympic medallist at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He competed in four consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988 for Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="18867596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867596" title="Sadik Mujkič">
Sadik Mujkič

Sadik Mujkič, is an ex Slovenian rower and Olympic medallist at the 1988 and the 1992 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18867601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867601" title="Sašo Mirjanič">
Sašo Mirjanič

Sašo Mirjanič, is an ex Slovenian rower and Olympic medallist at the 1992 Summer Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="18867602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867602" title="Comərd">
Comərd

Comərd (also, Dzhomard and Dzhomart) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867603" title="Castagneto">
Castagneto

Castagneto is a "frazione" (outlying area) of the Italian city of Teramo. It is located approximately four miles from Teramo at the base of a mountain sub-range known as Monti della Laga. Nearby is a state highway, SP 50, which leads to the nearby village of Ioanella. There is historical evidence of the village dating back at least one millennium. Most of this evidence is contained in the records of the local church, Santa Maria de Praediis. 
Overview.
From Castagneto, looking to the east one has view of the Adriatic Sea. In the opposite direction is a view of the Gran Sasso. Seen from Castagneto, the Gran Sasso is said to resemble a giant figure sleeping on his back with his face and nose pointing upward. At the highest elevation of Castagneto is an ancient palace once belonging to the Ianuarii and Scaricamazza families and which still bears their names. It can be seen from miles around and is perhaps Castagneto's most visible and most well known landmark. 
Castagneto often serves as a point of reference with regard to several nearby clusters of houses including Pantaneto, Collecaruno, Collemarino, Collesansonesco e Fonte del Latte. In days past Castagneto was the seat of a Roman Catholic parrish. As recently as 1980, the village hosted a local elementary school. A post office remains open to this day. 
Castagneto is currently the focal point and meeting place for a group of Teramo's "frazioni." The purpose of this group is to identify the needs of the local residents and work to see that the "comune" of Teramo provides the necessary funds and resources to meet these needs. 

</doc>
<doc id="18867605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867605" title="Janez Klemenčič">
Janez Klemenčič

Janez Klemenčič (born September 21, 1971 in Jesenice) is a former Slovenian rower and Olympic medallist at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He competed in four consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country.

</doc>
<doc id="18867606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867606" title="Nəcafalı">
Nəcafalı

Nəcafalı (also, Nadzhafalylar and Nadzhafali) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867608" title="HMS Pembroke (1757)">
HMS Pembroke (1757)

HMS "Pembroke" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Plymouth Dockyard to the draught specified in the 1745 Establishment as amended in 1752, and launched on 2 June 1757.
"Pembroke" was converted to serve as a hulk in 1776, and was eventually broken up in 1793.
Crew.
For her first two years "Pembroke" was captained by John Simcoe, the father of John Graves Simcoe who became the first Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada. When the elder Simcoe died in 1759 he was replaced by John Wheelock who served as captain for the remaining seventeen years of "Pembroke"s active service. Thomas Bisset served as ships master during her commissioning, then responsibility passed to James Cook, who would later become the first European to reach the eastern Australian coastline. Cook served as master until 1759 with duties then devolving to John Cleader.

</doc>
<doc id="18867610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867610" title="Gyuzeychirkin">
Gyuzeychirkin

Gyuzeychirkin (also, Gezal-Chirkin and Kyuzey-Chirkin) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867613" title="Çərəktar">
Çərəktar

Çərəktar (also, Ch’arek’tar and Charectar) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867614" title="Yuxarı Ayrım">
Yuxarı Ayrım

Yuxarı Ayrım (also, Yukhary Ayrum) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan. The name reflects the former presence of Ayrums in the vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="18867617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867617" title="Heyvali (village)">
Heyvali (village)

Heyvali (; , also Drmbon) is a village "de jure" in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan, "de facto" in the Martakert Province of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="18867638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867638" title="Edmund Charles Beard">
Edmund Charles Beard

Edmund Charles Beard (1894–1974) CB CBE MC was a British Major-General during the Second World War and in 1946 aide-de-camp to the king, George VI.
Early career.
Born 1894 in Terenure, Dublin, Ireland he was the son of civil servant Charles Thomas Beard ISO CB. During the first world war he served with the Royal Irish Regiment, continuing his military career through the inter-war period. From 1948 to 1957 he was Colonel of the South Lancashire Regiment.
Major General.
During the Second World War he served in the following capacities:
His portrait as a Major General is in the National Portrait Gallery in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18867650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867650" title="Ina Brouwer">
Ina Brouwer

Ina Brouwer (Rotterdam, 11 April 1950) is a Dutch politician. She was chairperson of the Communist Party of the Netherlands in the House of Representatives and MP for GreenLeft, into which the CPN merged in 1989.
Education and early career.
Brouwer studied Law at Groningen University. There, Brouwer came in touch with social security law and socially engaged lawyers. Inspired by this side of the legal profession, Brouwer became a member of the Communist Party of the Netherlands. In 1981 she became a member of the House of Representatives for the CPN. In 1981 she succeeded Marcus Bakker as chairperson of the CPN parliamentary party. She remained in the House of Representatives until 1986, when the CPN lost its three seats in the election and disappeared from the House.
Brouwer was a longtime advocate of a merger of the CPN, the Christian left Political Party of Radicals and Evangelical People's Party and the leftwing socialist Pacifist Socialist Party to form a new left-wing formation. In 1989 this was realized, and the new party was called GreenLeft. After the 1989 elections Brouwer returned to the House of Representatives, as a member of parliament for GreenLeft. Between 1990 and 1991, Bakker was one of the first members of parliament to leave the House of Representatives for a short period to give birth. The duo Ina Brouwer/Mohammed Rabbae were the top candidate for the 1994 elections after winning a preliminary from Paul Rosenmöller/Leonie Sipkes. Bakker and Rabbae were not very successful in the general elections and the party lost one of its six seats. Brouwer announced that she would step down and not take her seat in parliament.
Between 1995 and 2003, Brouwer worked at the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment as director for emancipation and a quartermaster for the Academy of the ministry. In 2003 she published a book "Het glazen plafond. Vrouwen aan de top, verlangens & obstakels" ("The Glass ceiling. Women at the top, desires and obstacles") on the position of women on the labour market. In 2005 Brouwer became a senior advisor at Twynstra Gudde, where she advises public institutions on diversity, social affairs and government reform.
In January 2007, Ina Brouwer announced that she became a member of the Dutch Labour Party in addition to her membership of GreenLeft. She did this in protest against GreenLeft's decision to abandon negotiations with the Labour Party, the Christian Democratic Appeal, and the ChristianUnion during the cabinet formation. Brouwer thought that this was a missed opportunity.
Prime Minister of the Netherlands Ruud Lubbers accidentally called her "Mrs Bakker" in parliament (a reference to her predecessor as fractievoorzitter of the Communist Party of the Netherlands, Marcus Bakker--reportedly Lubbers called her this twice), Brouwer took offence. Lubbers sent a box of chocolates to her, but Brouwer sent them on to Mrs Marcus Bakker.

</doc>
<doc id="18867660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867660" title="HMS Rippon (1758)">
HMS Rippon (1758)

HMS "Rippon" was a 60-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Woolwich Dockyard to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment as amended in 1752, and launched on 20 January 1758.
Career.
Early on the morning of 10 August 1778, Admiral Edward Vernon's squadron, consisting of "Rippon" (Vernon's flagship), , , , and the East India Company's ship "Valentine", encountered a French squadron under Admiral François l'Ollivier de Tronjoly which consisted of the 64-gun ship of the line "Le Brillant", the frigate "La Pourvoyeuse" and three smaller ships, "Sartine", "Lauriston", and "Brisson". An inconclusive action followed for about two hours in mid-afternoon. The French broke off the action and the British vessels were too damaged to be able to catch them up again. In the action the British suffered 11 men killed and 53 wounded, including four men killed and 15 wounded aboard "Rippon".
"Seahorse" captured "Sartine" on 25 August 1778. "Sartine" had been patrolling off Pondichery with "Pourvoyeuse" when they sighted two East Indiamen, which were sailing blithely along, unaware of the outbreak of war. The French vessels gave chase lazily. "Sartine"s captain, Count du Chaillar, first had to be roused from his bed ashore. The British merchant vessels escaped, but "Sartine" came too close to Vernon's squadron. He sent "Coventry" and "Seahorse" after her and she surrendered after a short action. A French account remarks acidly that she surrendered to a frigate of her own size without a fight. All four Royal Navy vessels in Vernon's squadron shared in the prize money. (Vernon had already sent "Valentine" off with dispatches.) The Royal Navy took "Sartine" into service as the fifth-rate frigate .
Fate.
"Rippon" was placed on harbour service in 1801, and was eventually broken up in 1808.

</doc>
<doc id="18867692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867692" title="Zardaxaç">
Zardaxaç

Zardaxaç (also, Dzardakhach’, Zardakhach’, and Zardakhan) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867694" title="İmarət Qərvənd">
İmarət Qərvənd

İmarət Qərvənd (also, Giaravand, Imarat’ K’arvand, Imarat-Karvend, Imaret-Geravend, Imeret’-Herekend, and Imeret-Gerevend) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867696" title="Vəng, Kalbajar">
Vəng, Kalbajar

Vəng (also, Khotavank and Khotovang) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867698" title="Qılıçlı, Kalbajar">
Qılıçlı, Kalbajar

Qılıçlı (also, Kylychly) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867700" title="Hasanriz (Karabakh)">
Hasanriz (Karabakh)

Hasanriz ( or Hat’erk’ ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867705" title="Stafon Johnson">
Stafon Johnson

Stafon Johnson (born February 6, 1988) is a professional American football running back who is currently an unrestricted free agent. He was signed by the Tennessee Titans as an undrafted free agent in 2010. He played college football at University of Southern California.
He was also a member of the Washington Redskins.
Early years.
Johnson played high school football at Dorsey High School in Los Angeles, California. He played running back and defensive back. Going into his junior season, he was regarded as one of the top three running backs in his region. His best season came as a senior in 2005 when he rushed for 2,197 yards on 247 carries with 22 touchdowns. He finished his high school career with a city record 5,777 rushing yards and 58 touchdowns.
A highly regarded recruit, Johnson was the No. 18 overall prospect in the country and the No. 2 running back by Rivals.com. He received offers from Florida, Miami, UCLA and paid serious attention to Georgia and Washington. He ultimately chose USC, noting that he liked the coaches and its proximity to his parents.
College career.
During his freshman season, Johnson played in three games, rushing for 17 yards on three carries.
Johnson had a breakthrough in the 2007 season, finishing with 673 rushing yards and five touchdowns. He ran for 122 yards and a touchdown in 14 carries against Washington before suffering a foot injury. The injury, which was first diagnosed a game earlier as a left foot bruise, included a sprain that kept him out of practices and limited his playing time for the rest of the season. He returned at the end of the season, rushing for 104 yards in the Rose Bowl.
As a junior in 2008, Johnson led the Trojans in rushing yards with 705 yards on 138 carries and nine touchdowns. He had 305 yards on 42 punt returns.
Barbell accident.
On September 28, 2009, Johnson suffered an injury when the barbell he was lifting fell on his throat while performing a bench press during a routine team workout. Bleeding from his mouth and nose, he was rushed to California Hospital Medical Center and had three emergency surgeries to repair damage to his crushed vocal cord, adam's apple and torn muscles. Doctors partially credited his survival to well developed muscles around his neck, which helped him keep open a breathing passage, as well as his level of fitness. He was moved to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, and was released on October 15, 2009, though he was still unable to speak and had a breathing tube in his throat. The injury ended his 2009 season, during which he had run for a team-high five touchdowns in the Trojans' first four games. As a fourth-year senior, Johnson was eligible to enter the NFL or apply to the NCAA for an extra year of eligibility because of a medical hardship.
Later in the 2009 season, the USC football team honored Johnson by wearing helmet stickers that read "STA FIGHT ON" while playing rival Notre Dame.
On January 24, 2011, Johnson sued USC and the former assistant conditioning coach who was present for negligence related to the accident.
Professional career.
After going undrafted in the 2010 NFL Draft, Johnson signed a contract immediately after the draft with the Tennessee Titans.
In his rookie season, Stafon Johnson was injured in a preseason game against the Seattle Seahawks on August 15, 2010. His ankle was severely dislocated by an opposing tackler accidentally landing on Johnson's planted right leg. He was estimated to be out for at least 8–12 weeks. He cleared waivers and was placed on IR. He was released on September 2, 2011.
Johnson was signed to the Washington Redskins practice squad on December 28, 2011.
Personal.
Johnson was raised by his mother, Kim Mallory. He had a close relationship with his grandfather, Larry "Big Dad" Mallory, a father figure who attended practices and games. Larry Mallory died from a heart attack at age 66. During games his sophomore season, Johnson wrote "Big Dad" on his eye blacks.
Johnson enjoys music and bowling. He prays before every game. He has one son, Stafon Johnson Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="18867709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867709" title="Qılıçlı">
Qılıçlı

Qılıçlı or Klychly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18867714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867714" title="İstibulaq">
İstibulaq

İstibulaq (also, Istibulak and Iztibulag) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867717" title="Ağdaş, Kalbajar">
Ağdaş, Kalbajar

Ağdaş (also, Agdash) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867720" title="Nadirxanlı">
Nadirxanlı

Nadirxanlı (also, Nədirxanlı and Nadirkhanly) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867724" title="HMS Chatham (1758)">
HMS Chatham (1758)

HMS "Chatham" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Portsmouth Dockyard to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment as amended in 1752, and launched on 25 April 1758.
Career.
On 2 September 1781 "Chatham" captured the French frigate "Magicienne" off Cape Ann after a sanguinary engagement. "Magicienne" was serving in Orvilliers' fleet under captain Brun de Boades. In the action the French lost 60 men killed and 40 wounded; the British lost one man killed and one man wounded. "Magicienne" was described as being of 800 tons, 36 guns and 280 men. She was subsequently taken to Halifax and recommissioned in the Royal Navy as HMS "Magicienne".
Fate.
"Chatham" was placed on harbour service in 1793, and continued in this role until 1814, when the decision was taken to have her broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18867725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867725" title="Alchaly">
Alchaly

Alchaly (also, Alchaby) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867728" title="Ağdaban">
Ağdaban

Ağdaban (also, Aghdaban) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867732" title="Sarıdaş">
Sarıdaş

Sarıdaş (also, Sarydash) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867733" title="Güneypəyə">
Güneypəyə

Güneypəyə (also, Gyuneipeya and Gyuneypeya) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867736" title="Qamışlı">
Qamışlı

Qamışlı (also, Kamyshly) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867738" title="Bağırlı, Kalbajar">
Bağırlı, Kalbajar

Bağırlı (also, Bagyrly) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867744" title="Bağırlı">
Bağırlı

Bağırlı or Bagyrly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18867752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867752" title="Dəmirçidam">
Dəmirçidam

Dəmirçidam (also, Dəmirçidamı and Demirchidam) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867758" title="Qanlıkənd">
Qanlıkənd

Qanlıkənd (also, Kanlykend) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867762" title="Çəpli">
Çəpli

Çəpli (also, Chapli, Chaili, and Chakhly) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867763" title="Katrin Olsen">
Katrin Olsen

Katrin Olsen (born January 5, 1978 in Tórshavn at the Faroe Islands) is a Danish–Faroese rower, and represents Denmark. She weights 61 kilos, and is therefore in the lightweight class. Before she went to live in Denmark she was rowing in Faroese rowing competitions and became Faroese Rowing Champion two times with the boat Jarnbardur of Róðrarfelagið Knørrur.
2008 Summer Olympics.
In rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics (lightweight double sculler) in Beijing, Olsen and Juliane Rasmussen seemed for a long time to get the third place after Japan, but ended at second place, and was qualified for the semifinale. However, they also got the fourth place in the semifinal (only the three best qualifies for the final), and lost. Their class was later won by The Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="18867764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867764" title="Yanşaq">
Yanşaq

Yanşaq (also, Yanshak, Yanshakh, and Yanshchakh) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867766" title="Seyidlər, Kalbajar">
Seyidlər, Kalbajar

Seyidlər (also, Seidlyar, Seydlyar, and Seyidlyar) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867769" title="Elyasalylar">
Elyasalylar

Elyasalylar (also, El’yasalylar and Ella-Zallar) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867771" title="Cəmilli, Kalbajar">
Cəmilli, Kalbajar

Cəmilli (also, Dzhamilli) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867780" title="Chir River">
Chir River

Chir () is a river in Rostov and Volgograd Oblasts of Russia. It is a right tributary of the Don River, and is 317 km long, with a drainage basin of 9580 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18867789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867789" title="HMS Burford (1757)">
HMS Burford (1757)

HMS "Burford" was a 70-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Chatham Dockyard to the draught specified by the 1745 Establishment as amended in 1754, and launched in 1757.
"Burford" was sold out of the navy in 1785.

</doc>
<doc id="18867791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867791" title="Cəmilli">
Cəmilli

Cəmilli or Cemilli or Dzhamily or Dzhamilli or Dzhamillu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18867806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867806" title="Susuzluq">
Susuzluq

Susuzluq (also, Sosuzlukh, Susuzlakh, Susuzluk, and Suzlukh) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867808" title="Babashlar">
Babashlar

Babashlar (also, Babashlyar) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867813" title="Təkəçaya">
Təkəçaya

Təkəçaya (also, Təkəqaya and Tekyagayasi) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18867815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18867815" title="Çöl Ərəb">
Çöl Ərəb

Çöl Ərəb (also, Çöl-erəb, Çölərəb, Chël’arab, and Cholarb) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
