<doc id="18932608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932608" title="Analog Science Fiction and Fact">
Analog Science Fiction and Fact

Analog Science Fiction and Fact is an American science fiction magazine. As of 2013, it is the longest running continuously published magazine of that genre. Initially published in 1930 in the United States as Astounding Stories as a pulp magazine, it has undergone several name changes, primarily to Astounding Science-Fiction in 1938, and Analog Science Fact & Fiction in 1960. In November 1992, its logo changed to use the term "Fiction and Fact" rather than "Fact & Fiction". 
It is in the library of the International Space Station. 
Spanning three incarnations since 1930, this is perhaps the most influential magazine in the history of the genre. It remains a fixture of the genre today. 
As "Astounding Science-Fiction", a new direction for both the magazine and the genre under editor John W. Campbell was established. His editorship influenced the careers of Isaac Asimov and Robert Heinlein, and also introduced the Dianetics theories of L. Ron Hubbard in May 1950.
"Analog" frequently publishes new authors, including then-newcomers such as Orson Scott Card and Joe Haldeman in the 1970s, Harry Turtledove, Timothy Zahn, Greg Bear, and Joseph H. Delaney in the 1980s, and Paul Levinson, Michael A. Burstein, and Rajnar Vajra in the 1990s.
One of the major publications of what fans and historians call the Golden Age of Science Fiction and afterward, it has published much-reprinted work by such major SF authors as E.E. Smith, Theodore Sturgeon, Harlan Ellison, Isaac Asimov, Robert A. Heinlein, A. E. van Vogt, Lester del Rey, HP Lovecraft and many others.
Publishing history.
Clayton.
In 1926, Hugo Gernsback launched "Amazing Stories", the first science fiction magazine. Gernsback had been printing scientific fiction stories for some time in his hobbyist magazines, such as "Modern Electrics" and "Electrical Experimenter", but decided that there was enough interest in the genre to justify a monthly magazine. "Amazing" was very successful, quickly reaching a circulation of over 100,000.
William Clayton, a successful and well-respected publisher of several pulp titles, considered starting a competitive title in 1928: according to Harold Hersey, one of his editors at the time, Hersey had "discussed plans with Clayton to launch a pseudo-science fantasy sheet". Clayton was unconvinced.
The following year, however, Clayton decided to launch a new magazine, mainly because the sheet on which the color covers of his magazines were printed had a space for one more cover. He suggested to Harry Bates, a newly hired editor, that they start a magazine of period adventure stories. Bates proposed instead a science fiction pulp, to be titled "Astounding Stories of Super Science", and Clayton agreed.
"Astounding" was initially published by Publisher's Fiscal Corporation, which became Clayton Magazines in March 1931. The first issue appeared in January 1930, with Bates as editor.
Bates aimed for straightforward action-adventure stories, with scientific elements only present to provide minimal plausibility. Clayton paid much better rates than "Amazing" and "Wonder Stories"—two cents a word on acceptance, rather than half a cent a word, on publication (or sometimes later)—and consequently "Astounding" attracted some of the better-known pulp writers, such as Murray Leinster, Victor Rousseau, and Jack Williamson. In February 1931, the original name "Astounding Stories of Super-Science" was shortened to "Astounding Stories".
The magazine was profitable, but the Depression caused Clayton problems. Normally a publisher would pay a printer three months in arrears, but when a credit squeeze began in May 1931, it led to pressure to reduce this delay. The financial difficulties led Clayton to start alternating the publication of his magazines, and he switched Astounding to a bimonthly schedule with the June 1932 issue.
Some printers bought the magazines which were indebted to them: Clayton decided to buy his printer to prevent this from happening. This proved a disastrous move. Clayton did not have the money to complete the transaction, and in October 1932 Clayton decided to cease publication of "Astounding", with the expectation that the January 1933 issue would be the last one.
As it turned out, there were enough stories in inventory, and enough paper, to publish one further issue, so the last Clayton "Astounding" was dated March 1933. In April Clayton went bankrupt, and sold his magazine titles; the buyer quickly resold the titles to Street & Smith, a well-established publisher.
Street & Smith.
Science fiction was not an entirely new departure for Street & Smith. They already possessed two pulp titles that occasionally ventured into the field: "The Shadow", which had begun in 1931 and was tremendously successful, with a circulation over 300,000; and "Doc Savage", which had been launched in March 1933. They gave the post of editor of "Astounding" to F. Orlin Tremaine, an experienced editor who had been working for Clayton as the editor of "Clues", and who had come to Street & Smith as part of the transfer of titles after Clayton's bankruptcy. Desmond Hall, who had also come from Clayton, was made assistant editor; because Tremaine was editor of "Clue" and "Top-Notch", as well as "Astounding", Hall did a lot of the editorial work, though Tremaine retained final control over the contents.
The first Street & Smith issue was dated October 1933; it was not until the third issue, in December 1933, that the editorial team was named on the masthead. Street & Smith had an excellent distribution network, and they were able to get "Astounding"'s circulation up to an estimated 50,000 by the middle of 1934. The two main rival science fiction magazines of the day, "Wonder Stories" and "Amazing Stories", each had a circulation of about half that. "Astounding" was the leading science fiction magazine by the end of 1934; and it was also the largest, at 160 pages, and the cheapest, at 20 cents. Street & Smith's rates of one cent per word (sometimes more) on acceptance were not as good as the rates paid by Bates for the Clayton "Astounding", but they were still better than those of the other magazines.
Hall left "Astounding" in 1934 to become editor of Street & Smith's new slick magazine, "Mademoiselle", and was replaced by R.V. Happel. Tremaine remained in control of story selection. Writer Frank Gruber described Tremaine's editorial selection process in his book, "The Pulp Jungle":
Gruber pointed out that stories in the middle might go many months before Tremaine read them; the result was erratic response times which sometimes stretched to over eighteen months.
Tremaine was promoted to assistant editorial director in 1937. His replacement as editor of "Astounding" (though not of "Clues") was John W. Campbell, Jr.. Campbell had made his name in the early 1930s as a writer, publishing space opera under his own name, and more thoughtful stories under the pseudonym "Don A. Stuart". He started working for Street & Smith in October 1937, so his first editorial influence appeared in the issue dated December 1937. The March 1938 issue was the first that was fully his responsibility. In early 1938, Street & Smith abandoned its policy of having editors-in-chief, with the result that Tremaine was made redundant. He left on May 1, 1938, reducing Street & Smith's oversight of Campbell and giving him a freer rein.
One of Campbell's first acts was to change the title from "Astounding Stories" to "Astounding Science-Fiction" with the March 1938 issue. Campbell's editorial policy was targeted at the more mature readers of science fiction, and he felt that ""Astounding Stories"" did not convey the right image. He intended to subsequently drop the "Astounding" part of the title as well, leaving the magazine titled "Science Fiction", but in 1939 a new magazine with that title appeared. "Astounding" was retained, though thereafter it was often printed in a color that made it much less visible than the "Science-Fiction" part of the title. At the start of 1942 the price was increased, for the first time, to 25 cents; the magazine simultaneously switched to the larger bedsheet format, but this did not last. "Astounding" returned to pulp-size in mid-1943 for six issues, and then became the first science fiction magazine to switch to digest size in November 1943, increasing the number of pages to maintain the same total wordcount. The price remained at 25 cents through these changes in format.
The price increased again, to 35 cents, in August 1951. In the late 1950s it became apparent to Street & Smith that they were going to have to raise prices again. During 1959, "Astounding" was priced at 50 cents in some areas to find out what the impact would be on circulation. The results were apparently satisfactory, and the price was raised with the November 1959 issue. The following year Campbell finally achieved his goal of getting rid of the word "Astounding" in the magazine's title, changing it to "Analog Science Fact/Science Fiction". The "/" in the title was often replaced by a symbol of Campbell's devising, resembling an inverted U pierced by a horizontal arrow and meaning "analogous to". The change began with the February 1960 issue, and was complete by October; for several issues both "Analog" and "Astounding" could be seen on the cover, with "Analog" becoming bolder and "Astounding" fading with each issue.
Second World War.
The outbreak of the Second World War had the effect of cutting "Astounding" off from the British market. As told by Arthur C. Clarke, "owing to the war, regular supplies of "Astounding Stories" had been cut off by the British authorities, who foolishly imagined that there were better uses for shipping space and hard-earned dollars". Luckily for Clarke, his friend Willy Ley loyally sent him every issue "before withdrawal symptoms set in"; but many other British SF fans had to wait until 1945 before they could again read "Astounding".
Condé Nast.
Condé Nast Publications bought Street & Smith in August 1959, though the change was not reflected in "Analog"'s masthead until February 1962. "Analog" was the only digest-sized magazine in Condé Nast's inventory—all the others were slicks, such as "Vogue" and "Vanity Fair". All the advertisers in these magazines had plates made up to take advantage of this size, and Condé Nast changed "Analog" to the larger size from the March 1963 issue in order to conform. The front and back signatures were changed to glossy paper, to carry both advertisements and scientific features. The change did not attract advertising support, however, and from the April 1965 issue "Analog" reverted to digest size once again. Circulation, which had been increasing before the change, was not harmed, and continued to increase while "Analog" was in slick format.
Campbell died suddenly in July 1971, but there was enough material in "Analog"s inventory to allow the remaining staff to put together issues for the rest of the year. Condé Nast had given the magazine very little attention, since it was both profitable and cheap to produce, but they were proud that it was the leading science fiction magazine. They asked Kay Tarrant, who had been Campbell's assistant, to help them find a replacement: she contacted several regular contributors to ask for suggestions. Several well-known writers turned down the job for various reasons: Poul Anderson did not want to leave California; neither did Jerry Pournelle, who also felt the salary was too small. Harry Harrison had discussed taking over with Campbell before Campbell's death, but did not want to live in New York. Lester del Rey and Clifford Simak were also rumored to have been offered the job, though Simak denied it; Frederik Pohl was interested, but suspected his desire to change the direction of the magazine lessened his chances with Condé Nast.
The Condé Nast vice president in charge of selecting the new editor decided to read both fiction and non-fiction writing samples from the applicants, since "Analog"s title included both "science fiction" and "science fact". He chose Ben Bova, afterwards telling Bova that his stories and articles "were the only ones I could understand". January 1972 was the first issue to credit Bova on the masthead.
Bova planned to stay for five years, to ensure a smooth transition after Campbell's sudden death; the salary was too low for him to consider remaining indefinitely. In 1975 he proposed a new magazine to Condé Nast management, to be titled "Tomorrow Magazine"; he wanted to publish articles about science and technology, leavened with some science fiction stories. Condé Nast were uninterested in the idea; and refused to assist "Analog" with marketing or promotions. Bova resigned in June 1978, having stayed for a little longer than he had planned, and recommended Stanley Schmidt to succeed him. Schmidt's first issue was December 1978, though material purchased by Bova continued to appear for several months.
Bova won the Hugo Award for Best Professional Editor for 5 consecutive years, 1973 through 1978. (The award did not exist before 1973.)
Davis Publications, Dell Magazines, and Penny Publications.
In 1980 Condé Nast sold "Analog" to Davis Publications. "Analog" had always been something of a misfit in Condé Nast's line up, which contained titles such as "Mademoiselle" and "Vogue", and Davis was willing to put some effort into marketing "Analog", so Schmidt regarded the change as likely to be beneficial.
Circulation dropped during the 1970s and 1980s, as newsstand sales fell away while subscriptions did not grow enough to compensate.
In 1981, Analog's schedule was changed to publication every four weeks, rather than monthly, so that there were thirteen issues a year, rather than twelve.
In 1992 Davis Publications sold the magazine to Dell Magazines, who continue to publish it to this day. Dell Magazines was in turn acquired by Penny Publications with headquarters in Norwalk, Connecticut, US.
In 1996 "Analog" returned to a monthly schedule, and the following year reduced the schedule again, to eleven issues, combining July and August into a single issue. Starting in 2004, the number of issues was cut again, to ten, with January and February also being combined into one issue.
As of 2011, editor Schmidt has been nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Professional Editor for 26 consecutive years, 1980 through 2006, without winning. Through his tenure, "Analog" has been the best-selling English-language SF magazine in the world.
Each year, "Analog" conducts a readers' poll—called the Analytical Laboratory, or AnLab—to determine the favorite stories, articles and cover art published in the magazine in the previous year. Many recipients of the AnLab Award have gone on to receive the Hugo Award.
"Analog"'s circulation has fallen from a high of about 115,000 per month in 1983 to 26,493 in 2011. However, circulation has grown over the last two years due in part to increased digital sales.
Analog's editor Stanley Schmidt announced that Analog began "preferring" accepting submissions in electronic form via a website "at 11 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on Tuesday, February 22", 2011, and indicated that full instructions were available at that url, but that "attachments to regular e-mail" would not be accepted, Analog thus increasing its bidirectional use of online rather than hardcopy print media such as self-addressed stamped envelopes (SASE) in communications between Analog, its writers and other contributors, business partners and readers.
Contents and reception.
Bates.
The first incarnation of "Astounding" was an adventure-oriented magazine, with no interest in education through science. The covers were all painted by Wesso and similarly action-filled; the first issue showed a giant beetle attacking a man. The quality of the fiction was very low, and Bates would not accept any experimental stories, relying mostly on formulaic plots. In the eyes of Mike Ashley, a science fiction historian, Bates was "destroying the ideals of science fiction". One historically important story that almost appeared in "Astounding" was E.E. Smith's "Triplanetary", which Bates would have published had "Astounding" not folded in early 1933. However, the cover Wesso had painted for the story appeared on the March 1933 issue, the last to be published by Clayton.
Tremaine.
When Street & Smith acquired "Astounding", they also planned to relaunch another Clayton pulp, "Strange Tales", and acquired material for it before deciding not to proceed. These stories appeared in the first Street & Smith "Astounding", dated October 1933. This issue and the next were unremarkable in quality, but with the December issue Tremaine published a statement of editorial policy, calling for "thought variant" stories which contained original ideas and did not simply reproduce adventure themes in an sf context. The policy was probably worked out between Tremaine and Desmond Hall, his assistant editor, in an attempt to give "Astounding" a clear identity in the market that would distinguish it from both the existing science fiction magazines and the hero pulps, such as "The Shadow", that frequently used sf ideas.
Early "thought variant" stories were not always very original or well executed. Ashley describes the first, Nat Schachner's "Ancestral Voices", as "not amongst Schachner's best"; the second, "Colossus", by Donald Wandrei, was not a new idea, but was energetically written. Over the succeeding issues it became apparent that Tremaine was genuinely willing to publish material that would have fallen foul of editorial taboos elsewhere. He serialized Charles Fort's "Lo!", a non-fiction work about strange and inexplicable phenomena, in eight parts between April and November 1934, in an attempt to stimulate new ideas for stories. In fiction, 1934 was a banner year for the magazine: the best remembered story of the year is probably Jack Williamson's "The Legion of Space", which began serialization in April, but other notable stories include Murray Leinster's "Sidewise in Time", which was the first sf story to use the idea of alternate history; "The Bright Illusion", by C.L. Moore, and "Twilight", by John W. Campbell, writing as "Don A. Stuart". "Twilight", which was written in a more literary and poetic style than Campbell's earlier space opera stories, was particularly influential, and Tremaine encouraged other writers to produce similar stories. One such was Raymond Z. Gallun's "Old Faithful", which appeared in the December 1934 issue and was sufficiently popular that Gallun wrote a sequel, "Son of Old Faithful", published the following July.
"Astounding"s readership was more knowledgeable and more mature than the readers of the other magazines, and this was reflected in the cover artwork, by Howard V. Brown, which was less garish than at "Wonder Stories" or "Amazing Stories". The interior artwork, particularly by Elliot Dold, was also very impressive.
By the end of 1935, "Astounding" was the clear leader of the science fiction magazine field. Tremaine's policy of printing material that he liked without staying too strictly within the bounds of the genre led him to serialize H.P. Lovecraft's novel "At the Mountains of Madness" in early 1936. He followed this with Lovecraft's "The Shadow Out of Time" in June 1936, though there were "protests from sf purists". Generally, however, Tremaine was unable to maintain the high standard he had set in the first couple of years, perhaps because his workload was high. Tremaine's slow responses to submissions discouraged new authors, although he could rely on regular contributors such as Jack Williamson, Murray Leinster, Raymond Gallun, Nat Schachner, and Frank Belknap Long. New writers who did appear during the latter half of Tremaine's tenure included Ross Rocklynne, Nelson S. Bond, and L. Sprague de Camp, whose first appearance was in September 1937 with "The Isolinguals".
Campbell.
Campbell was hired by Street & Smith in October 1937, and although he did not gain full editorial control of "Astounding" until the May 1938 issue, he was able to introduce some new features before then. In January 1938 he began to include a short description of stories in the next issue, titled "In Times To Come"; and in March he began "The Analytical Laboratory", which calculated average votes from readers and ranked the stories in order. The payment rate at the time was one cent a word, and Street & Smith agreed to let Campbell pay a bonus of an extra quarter cent a word to the writer whose story was voted top of the list.
Campbell changed the approach to the magazine's cover art, hoping that more mature artwork would attract more adult readers and enable them to carry the magazine without embarrassment. Howard V. Brown had done almost every cover for the Street & Smith version of "Astounding", and Campbell asked him to do an astronomically accurate picture of the Sun as seen from Mercury for the February 1938 issue. He also introduced Charles Schneeman as a cover artist, starting with the May 1938 issue, and Hubert Rogers, whose first cover was for the February 1939 issue, and who quickly became a regular, painting all but four of the covers between September 1939 and August 1942.
Tremaine had printed some non-fiction articles during his tenure, with Campbell himself providing an 18-part series on the solar system between June 1936 and December 1937. Campbell instituted regular non-fiction pieces, with the goal of stimulating story ideas. The main contributors of these were R.S. Richardson, L. Sprague de Camp, and Willy Ley.
Golden Age.
The period from 1938 to 1946 is usually referred to as the "Golden Age" of science fiction, because of the immense influence Campbell's editorship had on the genre. Within less than two years of the start of his editorship he had published stories by many of the writers who would become central figures in science fiction: both existing writers, such as L. Ron Hubbard, Clifford Simak, Jack Williamson, L. Sprague de Camp, Henry Kuttner, and C.L. Moore, who became regulars in either "Astounding" or its sister magazine, "Unknown"; and new writers who published some of their first stories in "Astounding" such as Lester del Rey, Theodore Sturgeon, Isaac Asimov, A.E. van Vogt and Robert Heinlein.
Campbell wanted his writers to provide action and excitement, but he also wanted the stories to appeal to a readership that had matured over the first decade of the science fiction genre. He asked his writers to write stories that felt as though they could have been published as non-sf stories in a magazine of the future; a reader of the future would not need long explanations for the gadgets in their lives, and so Campbell asked his writers to find ways of naturally introducing technology to their stories.
The April 1938 issue saw both the first story by del Rey, "The Faithful", and de Camp's second sale, "Hyperpilosity". Jack Williamson's "Legion of Time", described by author and editor Lin Carter as "possibly the greatest single adventure story in science fiction history", began serialization in the following issue. De Camp contributed a non-fiction article, "Language for Time Travelers", in the July issue, which also contained Hubbard's first science fiction sale, "The Dangerous Dimension": Hubbard had been selling genre fiction to the pulps for several years by that time. The same issue contained Clifford Simak's "Rule 18"; Simak had more or less abandoned science fiction within a year after breaking into the field in 1931, but he was drawn back by Campbell's editorial approach. The following issue featured one of Campbell's best known stories, "Who Goes There?", and included Kuttner's "The Disinherited"; Kuttner had been selling successfully to the other pulps for a couple of years, but this was his first story in "Astounding". In October de Camp began a popular series about an intelligent bear named Johnny Black.
The market for science fiction expanded dramatically in the following year, with several new magazines launched, including "Startling Stories" in January 1939, "Unknown" in March (a fantasy companion to "Astounding", also edited by Campbell), "Fantastic Adventures" in May, and "Planet Stories" in December. All of the competing magazines, including the two main pre-existing titles, "Wonder Stories" and "Amazing Stories", were publishing space opera, stories of interplanetary adventure, or other well-worn ideas from the early days of the genre. Campbell's attempts to make science fiction more mature led to a natural division of the writers: those who were unable to write to his standards continued to sell to other magazines; while those who could sell to Campbell quickly focused their attention on "Astounding" and sold relatively little to the other magazines. The expansion of the market was also a benefit to Campbell because writers knew that if their submissions to Campbell were rejected they could resubmit those stories elsewhere; this freed them to try to write to his standards.
During 1939 Campbell's stable of writers was augmented by several new names who sold their first story to him that year. In July, the lead story was "Black Destroyer", the first story by van Vogt; the same issue also contained Asimov's "Trends", which was his first sale to Campbell, but only Asimov's second story to see print, though Asimov quickly became a regular in "Astounding". The following month saw Heinlein's "Lifeline", and in September Campbell printed Sturgeon's "Ether Breather"; both of these were first sales. Because of the sudden appearance of these four major sf authors in the space of only three months, the July 1939 issue is sometimes regarded as inaugurating the golden age of science fiction, though this is not universally accepted. One of the most popular established authors of space opera, E.E. Smith, reappeared in October, with the first installment of "Gray Lensman". This was a sequel to "Galactic Patrol", which had appeared in Astounding two years previously.
Heinlein rapidly became one of the most prolific contributors to "Astounding", with three novels published in the next two years: "If This Goes On—", "Sixth Column", and "Methuselah's Children", and half a dozen short stories. In September 1940 van Vogt's first novel, "Slan", began serialization; the book was partly inspired by a challenge Campbell laid down to van Vogt that it was impossible to tell a superman story from the point of view of the superman. It proved to be one of the most popular stories Campbell published, and is an example of the way Campbell worked with his writers to feed them ideas and generate the material he wanted to buy. Isaac Asimov's "Robot" series began to take shape in 1941, with "Reason" and "Liar!" appearing in the April and May issues; as with "Slan", these stories were partly inspired by conversations with Campbell. The September 1941 issue included Asimov's short story "Nightfall", probably the most famous U.S. science fiction story ever written, and in November, "Second Stage Lensman", the next novel in Smith's "Lensman" series, began serialization.
The following year saw the beginning of Asimov's "Foundation" stories, with "Foundation" appearing in May and "Bridle and Saddle" in June. Van Vogt's "Recruiting Station", in the March issue, was the first story in his "Weapon Shop" series, described by critic John Clute as the most compelling of all van Vogt's work. Henry Kuttner and C.L. Moore began to appear regularly in "Astounding", often under the pseudonym "Lewis Padgett", and more new writers appeared: Hal Clement, Raymond F. Jones, and George O. Smith, all of whom became regular contributors. The September 1942 issue contained del Rey's "Nerves", which was one of the few stories to be ranked top by every single reader who voted in the monthly "Analytical Laboratory" poll; it dealt with the aftermath of an explosion at an atomics plant.
After 1942, several of the regular contributors such as Heinlein, Asimov and Hubbard, who had joined the armed forces, appeared less frequently. Among those who remained, the key figures were van Vogt, Simak, Kuttner, Moore, and Leiber, all of whom were less oriented towards technology in their fiction than writers such as Asimov or Heinlein had been. This led to the appearance of more psychologically oriented fiction, such as van Vogt's "World of Null-A", which was serialized in 1945. Kuttner and Moore contributed a humorous series about an inventor, Galloway Gallegher, who could only invent while drunk; but they were also capable of serious fiction. Campbell had asked them to write science fiction with the same freedom from constraints that he had allowed them in the fantasy work they were writing for "Unknown", Street & Smith's fantasy title; the result was "Mimsy Were the Borogoves", which appeared in February 1943 and is now regarded as a classic. Leiber's "Gather Darkness", serialized in 1943, was set in a world where scientific knowledge is hidden from the masses and presented as magic; as with Kuttner and Moore, he was simultaneously publishing fantasies in "Unknown".
Post-war years.
In the late 1940s, both "Thrilling Wonder" and "Startling Stories" began to publish much more mature fiction than they had during the war, and although "Astounding" was still the leading magazine in the field, it was no longer the only market for the writers who had been regularly selling to Campbell. However, it was still the case that many of the best new writers broke into print in "Astounding" rather than elsewhere. Arthur C. Clarke's first story, "Loophole", appeared in the April 1946 "Astounding", and another British writer, Christopher Youd, began his career with "Christmas Tree" in February 1949. Youd would become much better known under his pseudonym "John Christopher". William Tenn's first sale, "Alexander the Bait", appeared in May 1946, and H. Beam Piper's "Time and Time Again" in the April 1947 issue was his first story. In addition to these newer writers, Campbell was still publishing strong material by the names that had become established during the war. Among the better known stories of this era are "Vintage Season", by C.L. Moore (under the pseudonym Lawrence O'Donnell); Jack Williamson's story "With Folded Hands"; "The Players of Null-A", van Vogt's sequel to "The World of Null-A"; and the final book in E.E. Smith's "Lensman" series, "Children of the Lens".
Campbell revealed a sly sense of humor in the November 1949 issue. He had always encouraged literary criticism by "Astounding's" readership, and in the November 1948 issue he published a letter to the editor by a reader named Richard A. Hoen that contained a detailed ranking of the contents of an issue "one year in the future". Campbell went along with the joke and contracted stories from most of the authors mentioned in the letter that would follow the fan's imaginary story titles. One of the best-known stories from that issue is "Gulf", by Robert A. Heinlein. Other stories and articles were written by a number of the most famous authors of the time: Isaac Asimov, Theodore Sturgeon, Lester del Rey, A. E. van Vogt, L. Sprague de Camp, and the astronomer R. S. Richardson.
1950s.
By 1950 Campbell's strong personality had led him into conflict with some of his leading writers, some of whom abandoned "Astounding" as a result. The launch of both "The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction" and "Galaxy Science Fiction" in 1949 and 1950, respectively, marked the end of "Astounding"s dominance of science fiction; with many regarding "Galaxy" as the new leader of the field. In addition, Campbell's growing interest in pseudoscience damaged his reputation in the field. Campbell was deeply involved with the launch of dianetics, publishing Hubbard's first article on it in "Astounding" in May 1950, and promoting it heavily in the months beforehand, and later in the decade he championed psionics and anti-gravity devices.
The boom in paperback originals meant that "Astounding" was no longer the only place to find top-quality science fiction.
Many historically important stories and articles continued to appear in the pages of "Astounding" during the 1950s. Tom Godwin's "The Cold Equations" - sometimes listed as one of the top dozen or so best science fiction short stories - was published in the August 1954 issue. It generated more response mail than any story the magazine had ever printed. Writer L. Ron Hubbard published the first article on his Dianetics concepts, which would soon expand into Scientology, in the magazine in May 1950.
Reputation.
The magazine is known for focusing on the science and technology aspect of science fiction. Author George R.R. Martin described "Analog" as having "the reputation of being hard-nosed, steel-clad, scientifically rigorous, and perhaps a bit puritanical".
Bibliographic details.
Birth of "Analog".
Throughout his editorship of "Astounding", Campbell felt the title of the magazine was too "sensational" or "juvenile" to reflect what it was actually doing. He addressed this as far back as 1946 by de-emphasizing the word "Astounding", printing it in narrow script above the bold words "SCIENCE FICTION". However, this was not enough, and he renamed the magazine "Analog" in 1960. Over the course of eight issues, from February to September 1960, the title logo was changed; the large initial "A" stayed the same while the letters "stounding" were faded down and the letters "nalog" faded up on top of them. Bibliographers often abbreviate the magazine as "ASF", which can of course stand for either title. The word "and" was sometimes replaced in the logo by a pseudo-mathematical symbol comprising a horizontal right-pointing arrow piercing an inverted U-shape. The symbol, apparently invented by Campbell, was said to mean "analogous to."
British reprint editions (1939–1963).
From August 1939 until August 1963, the version of "ASF" that was sold in the United Kingdom was quite different from the American original. These "British Reprint Editions", as they were known, were published by the Atlas Publishing and Distributing Company under license from Street and Smith. The material in the British editions was a subset of the original magazine contents, in the sense that there was nothing in the British edition that had not previously appeared in the U.S. version, but that parts of the original contents were quite often omitted from the British version. This was particularly true up to October 1953, when the British edition was much slimmer than its American counterpart. For this reason the serials, editorials, factual articles and letter columns that were often the most appealing features of the American version were denied to British readers.
The material appearing in the British reprint was usually taken from the American issue dated three or four months earlier. However, this was never systematic, and cross-reference between U.S. and British editions is a complicated process. A further anomaly occurs because the covers of the British editions were almost always redrawn from the corresponding American edition, possibly for copyright reasons. At first sight the covers often look the same, but closer inspection reveals subtle differences.
Like the American original, the British Reprint Edition underwent a gradual change of title from "Astounding" to "Analog". However, due to the lag in contents and cover image, this process was completed a few months later - the first issue completely devoid of the "Astounding" logo was February 1961 rather than October 1960. The final British Reprint Edition of "Analog" appeared as the August 1963 issue with an announcement on the inside front cover that ""... after 24 years of publication the British Edition ... ceases with this issue""; after this time the American version published by Condé Nast Publications was imported directly into the UK.
Timeline of name changes.
Through the years, the magazine has seen a large number of name changes.
In a minor change, in the November issue of 1946 the name of the magazine was changed from "Astounding Science-Fiction" to "Astounding SCIENCE FICTION", with the hyphen missing and the last two words in large block letters. It would retain this logo until January, 1953.
The following table gives an overview. The name is a representation of the form displayed on the cover pages, including the capitalization.
Notable authors published in "Analog".
These include:

</doc>
<doc id="18932622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932622" title="Berkeley Software Distribution">
Berkeley Software Distribution

Berkeley Software Distribution (BSD, sometimes called Berkeley Unix) is a Unix operating system derivative developed and distributed by the Computer Systems Research Group (CSRG) of the University of California, Berkeley, from 1977 to 1995. Today the term "BSD" is often used non-specifically to refer to any of the BSD descendants which together form a branch of the family of Unix-like operating systems. Operating systems derived from the original BSD code remain actively developed and widely used.
Historically, BSD has been considered a branch of UNIX—"BSD UNIX", because it shared the initial codebase and design with the original AT&T UNIX operating system. In the 1980s, BSD was widely adopted by vendors of workstation-class systems in the form of proprietary UNIX variants such as DEC ULTRIX and Sun Microsystems SunOS. This can be attributed to the ease with which it could be licensed, and the familiarity the founders of many technology companies of the time had with it.
Although these proprietary BSD derivatives were largely superseded by the UNIX System V Release 4 and OSF/1 systems in the 1990s (both of which incorporated BSD code and are the basis of other modern Unix systems), later BSD releases provided a basis for several open source development projects, e.g. FreeBSD, NetBSD, OpenBSD or DragonFly BSD, that are ongoing. These, in turn, have been incorporated in whole or in part in modern proprietary operating systems, e.g. the TCP/IP (IPv4 only) networking code in Microsoft Windows and a part of the foundation of Apple's OS X.
History.
PDP-11 beginnings.
The earliest distributions of Unix from Bell Labs in the 1970s included the source code to the operating system, allowing researchers at universities to modify and extend Unix. The first Unix system at Berkeley was a PDP-11 installed in 1974, and the computer science department used it for extensive research thereafter.
Other universities became interested in the software at Berkeley, and so in 1977 Bill Joy, then a graduate student at Berkeley, started compiling the first Berkeley Software Distribution (1BSD), which was released on March 9, 1978. 1BSD was an add-on to Sixth Edition Unix rather than a complete operating system in its own right; its main components were a Pascal compiler and Joy's ex line editor.
The Second Berkeley Software Distribution (2BSD), released in May, 1979, included updated versions of the 1BSD software as well as two new programs by Joy that persist on Unix systems to this day: the vi text editor (a visual version of ex) and the C shell.
Later releases of 2BSD contained ports of changes to the VAX-based releases of BSD back to the PDP-11 architecture. 2.9BSD from 1983 included code from 4.1cBSD, and was the first release that was a full OS (a modified Version 7 Unix) rather than a set of applications and patches. The most recent release, 2.11BSD, was first released in 1992. As of 2008, maintenance updates from volunteers are still continuing, with patch 447 being released on December 31, 2008.
VAX versions.
A VAX computer was installed at Berkeley in 1978, but the port of Unix to the VAX architecture, UNIX/32V, did not take advantage of the VAX's virtual memory capabilities. The kernel of 32V was largely rewritten by Berkeley students to include a virtual memory implementation, and a complete operating system including the new kernel, ports of the 2BSD utilities to the VAX, and the utilities from 32V was released as 3BSD at the end of 1979. 3BSD was also alternatively called Virtual VAX/UNIX or VMUNIX (for Virtual Memory Unix), and BSD kernel images were normally called /vmunix until 4.4BSD.
The success of 3BSD was a major factor in the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency's (DARPA) decision to fund Berkeley's Computer Systems Research Group (CSRG), which would develop a standard Unix platform for future DARPA research in the VLSI Project. CSRG released 4BSD, containing numerous improvements to the 3BSD system, in October 1980. According to Quarterman "et al.",
4BSD was the operating system of choice for VAXs from the beginning until the release of System III (1979–1982) [...] Most organizations would buy a 32V license and order 4BSD from Berkeley without ever bothering to get a 32V tape. Many installations inside the Bell System ran 4.1BSD (many still do, and many others run 4.2BSD).
4BSD (November 1980) offered a number of enhancements over 3BSD, notably job control in the previously released csh, delivermail (the antecedent of sendmail), "reliable" signals, and the Curses programming library.
4.1BSD (June 1981) was a response to criticisms of BSD's performance relative to the dominant VAX operating system, VMS. The 4.1BSD kernel was systematically tuned up by Bill Joy until it could perform as well as VMS on several benchmarks. (The release would have been called "5BSD", but after objections from AT&T the name was changed; AT&T feared confusion with AT&T's UNIX System V. One early, never-released test version was in fact called 4.5BSD.)
4.2BSD would take over two years to implement and contained several major overhauls. Before its official release came three intermediate versions: "4.1a" incorporated a modified version of BBN's preliminary TCP/IP implementation; "4.1b" included the new Berkeley Fast File System, implemented by Marshall Kirk McKusick; and "4.1c" was an interim release during the last few months of 4.2BSD's development. Back at Bell Labs, 4.1cBSD became the basis of the Eight Edition of Research Unix, and a commercially supported version was available from mtXinu.
To guide the design of 4.2BSD, Duane Adams of DARPA formed a "steering committee" consisting of Bob Fabry, Bill Joy and Sam Leffler from UCB, Alan Nemeth and Rob Gurwitz from BBN, Dennis Ritchie from Bell Labs, Keith Lantz from Stanford, Rick Rashid from Carnegie-Mellon, Bert Halstead from MIT, Dan Lynch from ISI, and Gerald J. Popek of UCLA. The committee met from April 1981 to June 1983.
Apart from the Fast File System, several features from outside contributors were accepted, including disk quotas and job control. Sun Microsystems provided testing on its Motorola 68000 machines prior to release, ensuring portability of the system.
The official 4.2BSD release came in August 1983. It was notable as the first version released after the 1982 departure of Bill Joy to co-found Sun Microsystems; Mike Karels and Marshall Kirk McKusick took on leadership roles within the project from that point forward. On a lighter note, it also marked the debut of BSD's daemon mascot in a drawing by John Lasseter that appeared on the cover of the printed manuals distributed by USENIX.
4.3BSD.
4.3BSD was released in June 1986. Its main changes were to improve the performance of many of the new contributions of 4.2BSD that had not been as heavily tuned as the 4.1BSD code. Prior to the release, BSD's implementation of TCP/IP had diverged considerably from BBN's official implementation. After several months of testing, DARPA determined that the 4.2BSD version was superior and would remain in 4.3BSD. (See also History of the Internet.)
After 4.3BSD, it was determined that BSD would move away from the aging VAX platform. The Power 6/32 platform (codenamed "Tahoe") developed by Computer Consoles Inc. seemed promising at the time, but was abandoned by its developers shortly thereafter. Nonetheless, the 4.3BSD-Tahoe port (June 1988) proved valuable, as it led to a separation of machine-dependent and machine-independent code in BSD which would improve the system's future portability.
Apart from portability, the CSRG worked on an implementation of the OSI network protocol stack, improvements to the kernel virtual memory system and (with Van Jacobson of LBL) new TCP/IP algorithms to accommodate the growth of the internet.
Until then, all versions of BSD incorporated proprietary AT&T Unix code and were, therefore, subject to an AT&T software license. Source code licenses had become very expensive and several outside parties had expressed interest in a separate release of the networking code, which had been developed entirely outside AT&T and would not be subject to the licensing requirement. This led to Networking Release 1 (Net/1), which was made available to non-licensees of AT&T code and was freely redistributable under the terms of the BSD license. It was released in June 1989.
4.3BSD-Reno came in early 1990. It was an interim release during the early development of 4.4BSD, and its use was considered a "gamble", hence the naming after the gambling center of Reno, Nevada. This release was explicitly moving towards POSIX compliance, and, according to some, away from the BSD philosophy (as POSIX is very much based on System V, and Reno was quite bloated compared to previous releases). Among the new features were an NFS implementation from the University of Guelph and support for the HP 9000 range of computers, originating in the University of Utah's "HPBSD" port.
In August 2006, "Information Week" magazine rated 4.3BSD as the "Greatest Software Ever Written". They commented: "BSD 4.3 represents the single biggest theoretical undergirder of the Internet."
Net/2 and legal troubles.
After Net/1, BSD developer Keith Bostic proposed that more non-AT&T sections of the BSD system be released under the same license as Net/1. To this end, he started a project to reimplement most of the standard Unix utilities without using the AT&T code. For example, vi, which had been based on the original Unix version of ed, was rewritten as nvi (new vi). Within eighteen months, all of the AT&T utilities had been replaced, and it was determined that only a few AT&T files remained in the kernel. These files were removed, and the result was the June 1991 release of Networking Release 2 (Net/2), a nearly complete operating system that was freely distributable.
Net/2 was the basis for two separate ports of BSD to the Intel 80386 architecture: the free 386BSD by William Jolitz and the proprietary BSD/386 (later renamed BSD/OS) by Berkeley Software Design (BSDi). 386BSD itself was short-lived, but became the initial code base of the NetBSD and FreeBSD projects that were started shortly thereafter.
BSDi soon found itself in legal trouble with AT&T's Unix System Laboratories (USL) subsidiary, then the owners of the System V copyright and the Unix trademark. The "USL v. BSDi" lawsuit was filed in 1992 and led to an injunction on the distribution of Net/2 until the validity of USL's copyright claims on the source could be determined.
The lawsuit slowed development of the free-software descendants of BSD for nearly two years while their legal status was in question, and as a result systems based on the Linux kernel, which did not have such legal ambiguity, gained greater support. Although not released until 1992, development of 386BSD predated that of Linux. Linus Torvalds has said that if 386BSD or the GNU kernel had been available at the time, he probably would not have created Linux.
4.4BSD and descendants.
The lawsuit was settled in January 1994, largely in Berkeley's favor. Of the 18,000 files in the Berkeley distribution, only three had to be removed and 70 modified to show USL copyright notices. A further condition of the settlement was that USL would not file further lawsuits against users and distributors of the Berkeley-owned code in the upcoming 4.4BSD release.
In June 1994, 4.4BSD was released in two forms: the freely distributable 4.4BSD-Lite contained no AT&T source, whereas 4.4BSD-Encumbered was available, as earlier releases had been, only to AT&T licensees.
The final release from Berkeley was 1995's 4.4BSD-Lite Release 2, after which the CSRG was dissolved and development of BSD at Berkeley ceased. Since then, several variants based directly or indirectly on 4.4BSD-Lite (such as FreeBSD, NetBSD, OpenBSD and DragonFly BSD) have been maintained.
In addition, the permissive nature of the BSD license has allowed many other operating systems, both free and proprietary, to incorporate BSD code. For example, Microsoft Windows has used BSD-derived code in its implementation of TCP/IP and bundles recompiled versions of BSD's command-line networking tools since Windows 2000. Also Darwin, the system on which Apple's Mac OS X is built, is a derivative of 4.4BSD-Lite2 and FreeBSD. Various commercial UNIX operating systems, such as Solaris, also contain varying amounts of BSD code.
Technology.
Berkeley's Unix was the first Unix to include libraries supporting the Internet Protocol stacks: "Berkeley sockets". (A Unix implementation of IP's predecessor, the ARPAnet's NCP, with FTP and Telnet clients, had been produced at U. Illinois in 1975, and was available at Berkeley. However, the memory scarcity on the PDP-11 forced a complicated design and performance problems.)
By integrating sockets with the Unix operating system's file descriptors, it became almost as easy to read and write data across a network as it was to access a disk. The AT&T laboratory eventually released their own STREAMS library, which incorporated much of the same functionality in a software stack with a different architecture, but the wide distribution of the existing sockets library reduced the impact of the new API. Early versions of BSD were used to form Sun Microsystems' SunOS, founding the first wave of popular Unix workstations.
Today, BSD continues to serve as a technological testbed for academic organizations. It can be found in use in numerous commercial and free products, and, increasingly, in embedded devices. The general quality of its source code, as well as its documentation (especially reference manual pages, commonly referred to as "man pages"), make it well-suited for many purposes.
The permissive nature of the BSD license allows companies to distribute derived products as proprietary software without exposing source code and sometimes intellectual property to competitors. Searching for strings containing "University of California, Berkeley" in the documentation of products, in the static data sections of binaries and ROMs, or as part of other information about a software program, will often show BSD code has been used. This permissiveness also makes BSD code suitable for use in open source products, and the license is compatible with many other open source licenses. The permissive nature of the BSD license also allows derivative works of code released originally under the BSD license to become less permissive with time.
BSD operating systems can run much native software of several other operating systems on the same architecture, using a binary compatibility layer. Much simpler and faster than emulation, this allows, for instance, applications intended for Linux to be run at effectively full speed. This makes BSDs not only suitable for server environments, but also for workstation ones, given the increasing availability of commercial or closed-source software for Linux only. This also allows administrators to migrate legacy commercial applications, which may have only supported commercial Unix variants, to a more modern operating system, retaining the functionality of such applications until they can be replaced by a better alternative.
Current BSD operating system variants support many of the common IEEE, ANSI, ISO, and POSIX standards, while retaining most of the traditional BSD behavior. Like AT&T Unix, the BSD kernel is monolithic, meaning that device drivers in the kernel run in privileged mode, as part of the core of the operating system.
Significant BSD descendants.
BSD has been the base of a large number of operating systems. Most notable among these today are perhaps the major open source BSDs: FreeBSD, NetBSD and OpenBSD, which are all derived from 386BSD and 4.4BSD-Lite by various routes. Both NetBSD and FreeBSD started life in 1993, initially derived from 386BSD, but in 1994 migrating to a 4.4BSD-Lite code base. OpenBSD was forked in 1995 from NetBSD. The three most notable descendants in current use—sometimes known as "the BSDs"—have themselves spawned a number of children, including DragonFly BSD, FreeSBIE, MirOS BSD, DesktopBSD, and PC-BSD. They are targeted at an array of systems for different purposes and are common in government facilities, universities and in commercial use. A number of commercial operating systems are also partly or wholly based on BSD or its descendants, including Sun's SunOS and Apple Inc.'s Mac OS X.
Most of the current BSD operating systems are open source and available for download, free of charge, under the BSD License, the most notable exception being Mac OS X. They also generally use a monolithic kernel architecture, apart from Mac OS X and DragonFly BSD which feature hybrid kernels. The various open source BSD projects generally develop the kernel and userland programs and libraries together, the source code being managed using a single central source repository.
In the past, BSD was also used as a basis for several proprietary versions of UNIX, such as Sun's SunOS, Sequent's Dynix, NeXT's NeXTSTEP, DEC's Ultrix and OSF/1 AXP (now Tru64 UNIX). Of these, only the last is still currently supported in its original form. Parts of NeXT's software became the foundation for Mac OS X, among the most commercially successful BSD variants in the general market.
A selection of significant Unix versions and Unix-like operating systems that descend from BSD includes:

</doc>
<doc id="18932626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932626" title="Crown copyright">
Crown copyright

Crown copyright is a form of copyright claim used by the governments of a number of Commonwealth realms. It provides special copyright rules for the Crown (i.e., state entities).
Crown copyright by country.
Australia.
Under Part VII of the "Copyright Act 1968", the Australian Government holds copyright in any work, film or sound recording made by or under the direction or control of the Government, and any work first published by or under the direction or control of the Government.
Section 182A of the Act provides that for certain "prescribed works", copyright is not infringed for making one copy of the whole or of a part of that work, as long as it is not sold for a rate that is above the actual costs of copying. Prescribed works generally include legislation and court judgments.
An extensive review was carried out in 2004 and the findings were published in 2005 in the Copyright Law Review Committee's report. The chief recommendation was to end the distinction between the Crown and other copyright holders. In particular, the Committee was "emphatic" that the Crown lose its unique position of gaining copyright over material whenever it is the first publisher of such material. For example, a previously unpublished short story, upon being published in a government work, would cease to belong to the author and would instead become Crown copyright, denying the author any future royalties or rights to it.
Crown copyright has been used to deny public access to data about the Black Saturday bushfires.
Canada.
Crown copyright is governed by section 12 of the "Copyright Act", which covers all works that are “prepared or published by or under the direction or control of Her Majesty or any government department.” It lasts until the end of 50 years after the year of creation, although "without prejudice to any rights or privileges of the Crown". In this way Crown copyright can be, in certain cases, "said to be perpetual...and not to lapse through non-use or non-assertion". One example is that "official symbols...may not be reproduced, whether for commercial or non-commercial purposes, without prior written authorization", where these official symbols include the "Arms of Canada as designed in 1921 and revised in 1957... as revised in 1994...", maintaining Crown copyright long after the normal 50 year period.
Specific terms and conditions are as follows:
New Zealand.
Crown copyright in New Zealand is defined by Sections 2(1), 26 and 27 of the Copyright Act 1994. The Crown is the first owner of any copyright subsisting in any work created by a person who is employed or engaged by the Crown, under a contract of service, apprenticeship, or a contract for services. It covers works of the Queen in right of New Zealand, Ministers of the Crown, offices of Parliament and government departments. The term is 100 years.
Exceptions.
For Crown entities and State-owned enterprises, regular copyright provisions apply instead of the 100 year term (i.e. 50 year-terms in many cases).
A term of 100 years also applies under Section 26(3)(b), with one exception, namely a 25-year term for typographical arrangements of published material. Such works produced before 1945, however, had only a term of 50 years, and so became public domain in 1995.
At common law, and under the Copyright Acts until recently, the Crown acquired title by a kind of prerogative copyright in certain books or publications such as acts of Parliament, proclamations, and orders-in-council. However, there has been a deliberate divestment by the Crown of its copyright in law – principally in consideration of the view that law should be freely available. 
Section 27(1) defines a further exception to Crown copyright and copyright: bills, acts of parliament, regulations, bylaws, Hansard, tabled select committee reports, court judgments, tribunal judgments, royal commission reports, commission of inquiry reports, ministerial inquiry reports and statutory inquiry reports do not carry any copyright, regardless of age. Section 27(1) came into effect on 1 April 2001. There is, in New Zealand, under s. 27 of the Copyright Act, 1994, no copyright in regulations. Section 27(1) exceptions apply in the original work, and do not apply in terms of new typographical editions by others, nor in annotations made by organisations such as legal publishers.
United Kingdom.
Crown copyright applies "here a work is made by Her Majesty or by an officer or servant of the Crown in the course of his duties". The Crown can also have copyrights assigned to it. There is, in addition, a small class of materials where the Crown claims the right to control reproduction outside normal copyright law due to Letters Patent issued under the royal prerogative. This material includes the King James Bible and the Book of Common Prayer.
Prior to the 17th century, the executive – acting on behalf of the monarch under royal prerogative – controlled all printing and the granting of licences to printers. During the 17th century, the Crown lost most of its rights, except with regard to the King James Bible, the Book of Common Prayer, Acts of Parliament and similar. Until 1911, there was no special status for the Crown, excepting those texts.
The Copyright Act 1911 removed the concept of common law copyright protection from British law, and it also provided specific protection for government works for the first time. Crown copyright was extended to any work prepared or published by or under the direction or control of His Majesty or any Government department. The Copyright Act 1956 further extended Crown copyright protection to include every original literary, dramatic, musical or artistic work made by or under the direction or control of Her Majesty or a Government department; sound recordings or cinematograph films made by or under the direction or control of Her Majesty or a Government department and works first published in the UK, if first published by or under the direction or control of Her Majesty or a Government department.
When the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 (the 1988 Act) came into force, the scope of the definition of Crown copyright was considerably reduced. Crown copyright was defined as subsisting when a "work is made by Her Majesty or by an officer or servant of the Crown in the course of his duties". Crown copyright was also defined as subsisting "in every Act of Parliament, Act of the Scottish Parliament, Act of the Northern Ireland Assembly or Measure of the General Synod of the Church of England". All existing works in Crown copyright were continued as such.
However, some documents have Crown Copyright waived by the government, subject to certain conditions. This was introduced in a white paper in 2000 in order to improve access to government publications. There are 11 classes of copyrights for which waivers are granted.
The duration of Crown copyright varies depending whether material is published or unpublished. Unpublished material was originally subject to copyright protection in perpetuity. However, the 1988 Act removed this concept from British law. Transitional provisions that apply for 50 years after the entry into force of the 1988 Act provide that no unpublished material will lose its copyright protection until 1 January 2040. New Crown copyright material that is unpublished has copyright protection for 125 years from date of creation. Published Crown copyright material has protection for 50 years from date of publication. Those works protected under Letters Patent have perpetual control of reproduction claimed over them despite being published. Works where copyright is assigned to the Crown by an author are subject to the normal term of protection for that particular type of work, for example life of the author plus 70 years for a literary work.
Crown Copyright works still in copyright may be released under the Open Government Licence by the relevant rights owner or authorised information provider.

</doc>
<doc id="18932628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932628" title="Rebecca Cooke">
Rebecca Cooke

Rebecca Cooke (born 24 June 1983) is a former British freestyle swimmer.
She has won medals at every major international championships with the exception of the Olympic Games. She retired from international competition in April 2008 after failing to make the British team for the 2008 Games in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18932629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932629" title="Modicum">
Modicum


</doc>
<doc id="18932641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932641" title="Motion Picture Association of America">
Motion Picture Association of America

The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) is an American trade association that represents the six major Hollywood studios. It was founded in 1922 as the Motion Picture Producers and Distributors of America (MPPDA) to advance the business interests of its members. In its formative years it took on the role of devising guidelines for film content which resulted in the creation of the Production Code, and currently administers the MPAA film rating system. 
More recently, the MPAA has advocated for the motion picture and television industry through lobbying to protect creative content from piracy and for the removal of trade barriers. The MPAA has long worked to curb copyright infringement, including recent attempts to limit the sharing of copyrighted works via peer-to-peer file-sharing networks. Former Democratic Senator Chris Dodd is the Chairman and CEO.
History.
Foundation and early history: 1922 to 1929.
The Motion Picture Association of America was founded in 1922 as a trade association of movie companies and was originally named the Motion Picture Producers and Distributors of America (MPPDA). Former Postmaster General Will H. Hays was named the association's first president. At its founding, the MPPDA represented approximately 70 to 80 percent of the films made in the United States.
The main focus of the MPPDA in its early years was on producing a strong public relations campaign to ensure that Hollywood remained financially stable and able to attract investment from Wall Street, while simultaneously ensuring that American films had a "clean moral tone". The MPPDA also instituted a code of conduct for actors in Hollywood films governing their behavior offscreen, and sought to protect American film interests abroad by encouraging film studios to avoid racist portrayals of foreigners.
From the early days of the association, Hays spoke out against public censorship, and the MPPDA worked to raise support from the general public for the film industry's efforts against such censorship. At the time of the MPPDA's founding, regional censorship boards in the US often edited Hollywood films to comply with local laws regarding the onscreen portrayal of violence and sexuality. This resulted in negative publicity for the studios, and low numbers of theater goers, who were uninterested in films that were sometimes so severely edited that they were incoherent.
In 1924, Hays instituted "The Formula", a loose set of guidelines for filmmakers, in an effort to have the movie industry self-regulate the issues that the censorship boards had been created to address. "The Formula" requested that studios send synopses of films being considered for production to Hays for review. This effort largely failed, however, as studios were under no obligation to send their scripts to Hays's office, nor to follow his recommendations.
In 1927, Hays oversaw the creation of a code of "Don'ts and Be Carefuls" for the industry. This list outlined potential issues that movies might encounter in different localities. The MPPDA also made the SRD available to the movie studios to review scripts and advise them about any problems. Again, despite Hays's efforts, studios largely ignored the "Don'ts and Be Carefuls", and by the end of 1929, the MPPDA received only about 20% of Hollywood scripts prior to production. Further, the number of censorship boards continued to increase, and by 1929 more than 50% of American moviegoers lived in a location overseen by such a board.
The Production Code: 1930-1934.
In 1930, the MPPDA introduced the Production Code, sometimes called the Hays Code. The Code consisted of moral guidelines regarding what was acceptable to include in films. Unlike the "Dont's and Be Carefuls", which the studios had ignored, the Production Code was endorsed by studio executives. The Code incorporated many of the "Don'ts and Be Carefuls" as specific examples of what could not be portrayed. Among other rules, the code prohibited inclusion of "scenes of passion" unless they were essential to a film's plot, "pointed profanity" in either word or action, "sex perversion", justification or explicit coverage of adultery, sympathetic treatment of crime or criminals, dancing with "indecent" moves, and white slavery. Because studio executives had been involved in the decision to adopt the code, MPPDA-member studios were more willing to submit scripts for consideration. However, the growing economic impacts of the Great Depression of the early 1930s increased pressure on studios to make films that would draw the largest possible audiences, even if it meant taking their chances with local censorship boards by disobeying the Code.
In 1933 and 1934, the Catholic Legion of Decency, along with a number of Protestant and women's groups, launched plans to boycott films that they deemed immoral. In order to avert boycotts which might further harm the profitability of the film industry, the MPPDA created a new department, the Production Code Administration (PCA), with Joseph Breen as its head. Unlike previous attempts at self-censorship, PCA decisions were binding—no film could be exhibited in an American theater without a stamp of approval from the PCA, and any producer attempting to do so faced a fine of $25,000.
The war years: 1935-1945.
In the years that immediately followed the adoption of the Code, Breen often sent films back to Hollywood for additional edits, and in some cases, simply refused to issue PCA approval for a film to be shown. At the same time, Hays promoted the industry's new focus on wholesome films and continued promoting American films abroad.
For nearly three years, studios complied with the Code. By 1938, however, as the threat of war in Europe loomed, movie producers began to worry about the possibility of decreased profits abroad. This led to a decreased investment in following the strictures of the code, and occasional refusals to comply with PCA demands. That same year, responding to trends in European films in the run-up to the war, Hays spoke out against using movies as a vehicle for propaganda.
In 1945, after 24 years as president, Hays stepped down from his position at the MPPDA, although he continued to act as an advisor for the Association for the next five years.
The Johnston era: 1945-1963.
In 1945, the MPPDA hired Eric Johnston, four-time president of the United States Chamber of Commerce, to replace Will Hays. During his first year as president, Johnston rebranded the Motion Picture Producers and Distributors of America as the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA).
He also created the Motion Picture Export Association (MPEA) to promote American films abroad by opposing production company monopolies in other countries. In 1947, the MPEA voted to discontinue film shipments to Britain after the British government imposed an import tax on American films. Johnston negotiated with the British government to end the tax in 1948, and film shipments resumed.
In 1956, Johnston oversaw the first revision of the Production Code since its implementation in 1930. This revision allowed the treatment of some subjects which had previously been forbidden, including abortion and the use of narcotics, so long as they were "within the limits of good taste". At the same time, the revisions added a number of new restrictions to the code, including outlawing the depiction of blasphemy and mercy killings in films.
Johnston was well-liked by studio executives, and his political connections helped him function as an effective liaison between Hollywood and Washington. In 1963, while still serving as president of the MPAA, Johnston died of a stroke. For three years, the MPAA operated without a president while studio executives searched for a replacement.
The Valenti era: 1966-2004.
The MPAA hired Jack Valenti, former aide to President Lyndon Johnson, as president of the MPAA in 1966. In one of his first actions as president, in 1968 Valenti replaced the Production Code with a system of voluntary film ratings, in order to limit censorship of Hollywood films and provide parents with information about the appropriateness of films for children. In addition to concerns about protecting children, Valenti stated in his autobiography that he sought to ensure that American filmmakers could produce the films they wanted, without the censorship that existed under the Production Code that had been in effect since 1930.
In 1975, Valenti established the Film Security Office, an anti-piracy division at the MPAA, which sought to recover unauthorized recordings of films to prevent duplication. Valenti continued to fight piracy into the 1980s, asking Congress to install chips in VCRs that would prevent illegal reproduction of video cassettes, and in the 1990s supported law enforcement efforts to stop bootleg distribution of video tapes. Valenti also oversaw a major change in the ratings system that he'd helped create—the removal of the "X" rating, which had come to be closely associated with pornography. It was replaced with a new rating, "NC-17", in 1990.
In 2001, Valenti established the Digital Strategy Department at the MPAA to specifically address issues surrounding digital film distribution and piracy.
The modern era: 2004-present.
After serving as president of the MPAA for 38 years, Valenti announced that he would step down in 2004. In September of that year, he was replaced by former Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman. During his tenure, Glickman focused on tax issues and anti-piracy efforts. He led lobbying efforts that resulted in $400 million in federal tax incentives for the movie industry, and also supported a law which created federal oversight of anti-piracy efforts. Glickman stepped down as president of the MPAA in 2010.
After a search which lasted over a year, the MPAA hired former US Senator Chris Dodd to replace Glickman in March 2011. In his role as president, Dodd has focused on anti-piracy efforts, trade, and improving Hollywood's image since becoming MPAA president. He traveled to China in 2011 in an effort to encourage the Chinese government to both crack down on piracy and further open their film market. In 2012, he spoke out in support of the passage of the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) and PROTECT IP Act (PIPA). After the two bills were shelved, Dodd indicated that Hollywood might cut off campaign contributions to politicians who failed to support the movie industry in the future. Dodd has also highlighted the need for movie studios to embrace technology as a means of distributing content.
Film rating system.
The MPAA administers a motion picture rating system used in the United States to rate the suitability of films' themes and content for certain audiences. The system was first introduced in November 1968, and has gone through several changes since then. The ratings system is completely voluntary, and ratings have no legal standing. Instead, theater owners enforce the MPAA film ratings after they have been assigned, with many theaters refusing to exhibit non-rated films.
In 2007, the film "This Film Is Not Yet Rated" alleged that the MPAA gave preferential treatment to member studios during the process of assigning ratings, as well as criticizing the rating process for its lack of transparency. In response, the MPAA posted its ratings rules, policies, and procedures, as well as its appeals process, online.
The ratings currently used by the MPAA's voluntary system are:
Members.
The original members of the MPAA were the “Big Eight” film studios, Paramount Pictures, 20th Century Fox, Loews, Universal Studios, Warner Bros., Columbia Pictures, United Artists, and RKO Pictures. Two years later, Loews merged with Metro Pictures, Goldwyn Pictures, and Louis B. Mayer Productions to form Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
United Artists briefly resigned from the organization in 1956 over a ratings dispute, although they rejoined later in the decade. By 1966, Allied Artists Pictures had joined the original members. In the following decade, new members joining the MPAA included Avco Embassy by 1975, and Walt Disney Studios in 1979. The next year, Filmways became a MPAA member, but was later replaced in 1986 along with Avco Embassy, when the De Laurentiis Entertainment Group and Orion Pictures joined the MPAA roster.
As of 1995, the MPAA members were: the Walt Disney Studios; Paramount Pictures; Universal Studios; Warner Bros; 20th Century Fox; MGM—which included United Artists after their 1981 merger—and Sony Pictures Entertainment, which included Columbia and TriStar Pictures after their acquisition in 1989. Turner Entertainment joined the MPAA in 1995, but was purchased in 1996 by Time Warner.
As of 2013, the MPAA member companies were: Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures; Paramount Pictures Corporation; Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc.; Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation; Universal City Studios LLC; and Warner Bros Entertainment Inc.
Anti-File Sharing efforts.
The MPAA's concerted efforts at fighting content sharing began in 1975 with the establishment of the Film Security Office, which sought to recover unauthorized recordings of films in order to prevent duplication. The MPAA has continued to pursue a number of initiatives to combat illegal distribution of Hollywood films, especially in response to new technologies. In the 1980s, it spoke out against VCRs and the threat that the MPAA believed they represented to the movie industry, with MPAA president Jack Valenti drawing a parallel between the threat of the VCR and that of the Boston Strangler. In 1986, the MPAA asked Congress to pass a law that would require VCRs to come equipped with a chip to prevent them from making copies. Legal efforts at stopping homemade copies of broadcast television largely ended, however, when the United States Supreme Court ruled that such copying constituted fair use. The MPAA continued to support law enforcement efforts to stop bootleg production and distribution of videos tapes and laserdiscs into the 1990s, and in 2000 took legal action against individuals posting DVD decryption software on the Internet. Following the release of RealDVD—an application that enabled users to make copies of DVDs—RealNetworks sued the DVD Copy Control Association and the major studios in 2008 over the legality of the software; RealNetworks accused the MPAA of violating the Sherman Antitrust Act, but the judgment found that were no grounds for the claim and dismissed the suit. As of 2013, the MPAA has also continued to support law enforcement efforts to prevent illegal distribution of copyrighted materials online. The MPAA and its British counterpart, the Federation Against Copyright Theft (FACT), also funded the training of Lucky and Flo, a pair of Labrador Retrievers, to detect polycarbonates used in the manufacturing of DVDs.
Online file sharing.
In the early 2000s, the MPAA began to focus its anti-file sharing efforts on peer-to-peer file sharing, initially using a combination of educational campaigns and cease and desist letters to discourage such activity. In the first six months of 2002, the MPAA sent more than 18,000 such letters to internet service providers that hosted copyright-infringing content.
In late 2004, however, the MPAA changed course and filed lawsuits in a concerted effort to address copyright infringement on a number of large online file-sharing services, including BitTorrent and eDonkey. The following year, the MPAA expanded its legal actions to include lawsuits against individuals who downloaded and distributed copyrighted material via peer-to-peer networks.
The MPAA also played a role in encouraging the Swedish government to conduct a raid of the Pirate Bay file-sharing website in May 2006. Swedish officials have acknowledged that part of the motivation for the raid was the threat of sanctions from the World Trade Organization, along with a letter from the MPAA.
In 2013, the Center for Copyright Information unveiled the Copyright Alert System, a system established through an agreement between the MPAA, the Recording Industry Association of America, and five of the nation’s largest internet service providers. The system uses a third party service to identify content being distributed illegally. Users are then informed that their accounts are being used for possible copyright infringement and are provided with information about ways to get authorized content online. Users who receive multiple notices of infringement may have "mitigations measures" imposed on them, such as temporary slowing of their Internet service, but the system does not include termination of subscriber accounts. Subscribers facing such action have a right to appeal to the American Arbitration Association.
Publicity campaigns.
The MPAA has also produced publicity campaigns to discourage piracy. The "Who Makes Movies?" advertising campaign in 2003 highlighted workers in the movie industry describing how piracy affected them. The video spots ran as trailers before movies, and as television advertisements. In 2004, the MPAA began using the slogan "You can click, but you can't hide". This slogan appeared in messages that replaced file-sharing websites after they had been shut down through MPAA legal action. It also appeared in posters and videos distributed to video stores by the MPAA. Also in 2004, the MPAA partnered with the Intellectual Property Office of Singapore to release a trailer shown before films in theaters called "You Wouldn't Steal a Car". The trailer was later placed at the beginning of many DVDs in way that could not be bypassed, which triggered criticism and a number of parodies.
In 2005, the MPAA commissioned a study to examine the effects of file sharing on movie industry profitability. The study concluded that the industry lost $6.1 billion per year to piracy, and that up to 44% of domestic losses were due to file sharing by college students. In 2008, the MPAA revised the percentage of loss due to college students down to 15%, citing human error in the initial calculations of this figure. Beyond the percentage of the loss that was attributable to college students, however, no other errors were found in the study.
Accusations of copyright infringements against the MPAA.
The MPAA itself has been accused of copyright infringement. In 2007, the creator of a blogging platform called Forest Blog accused the MPAA of violating the license for the platform, which required that users link back to the Forest Blog website. The MPAA had used the platform for its own blog, but without linking back to the Forest Blog website. The MPAA subsequently took the blog offline. Also in 2007, the MPAA released a software toolkit for universities to help identify cases of file sharing on campus. The software used parts of the Ubuntu Linux distribution, released under the General Public License, which stipulates that the source code of any projects using the distribution be made available to third parties. The source code for the MPAA's toolkit, however, was not made available. When the MPAA was made aware of the violation, the software toolkit was removed from their website.

</doc>
<doc id="18932653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932653" title="P. Shane Mitchell">
P. Shane Mitchell

P. Shane Mitchell (born August 7, 1964) is an American actor, playwright and director. He became the Artistic Director of TBA Theatre Company in Anchorage, Alaska in 2003.
Mitchell was born in Toole, Utah, the youngest of four sons: Brad, Troy, and his twin D. Wayne Mitchell.
Awards and nominations.
Mitchell holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Alaska Anchorage and a Masters of Arts from Wichita State University. As a performer he has been honored with two Patricia Neal acting awards and was chosen to represent the United States at the 2000 Olympic Arts Festival in Sydney Australia.
Shane was the recipient of the 2010 Jerry Harper Service Award at the Last Frontier Theatre Conference.
Playwriting credits.
As a playwright and member of the Dramatists Guild of America he has published three works for young audiences. These are "The Enchanted Pajamas", "Half a King is Better Than None", and "Jolly Roger King of The Pirates". His serious work on cancer, titled "Understanding", was commissioned by The Alaska Native Tribal Health Consortium, and has since been produced over 100 times including an airing on the American Public Broadcasting Service. His unpublished, but frequently produced works include stage adaptations of horror classics such as "Dracula", "Frankenstein", "The Monkey's Paw", "The Witch of the Graythorn", as well as many of the works of Edgar Allan Poe.
Shane has also written plays for both the Last Frontier Theatre Conference and the Alaska Overnighters 24-hour play lab.
Directing credits.
Mitchell has directed scores of plays, including the critically acclaimed production of "The Head that Wouldn't Die!", by Rand Higbee.
Broadway credits.
In 2007, his short play "The Resurrection of Humpty Dumpty" was selected to appear in the Samuel French Off-Off-Broadway Short Play Festival in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18932654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932654" title="Koyaanisqatsi">
Koyaanisqatsi

Koyaanisqatsi (), also known as Koyaanisqatsi: Life Out of Balance, is a 1982 film directed by Godfrey Reggio with music composed by Philip Glass and cinematography by Ron Fricke.
The film consists primarily of slow motion and time-lapse footage of cities and many natural landscapes across the United States. The visual tone poem contains neither dialogue nor a vocalized narration: its tone is set by the juxtaposition of images and music. Reggio explained the lack of dialogue by stating "it's not for lack of love of the language that these films have no words. It's because, from my point of view, our language is in a state of vast humiliation. It no longer describes the world in which we live." In the Hopi language, the word "Koyaanisqatsi" means "unbalanced life". The film is the first in the Qatsi trilogy of films: it is followed by "Powaqqatsi" (1988) and "Naqoyqatsi" (2002). The trilogy depicts different aspects of the relationship between humans, nature, and technology. "Koyaanisqatsi" is the best known of the trilogy and is considered a cult film. However, because of copyright issues, the film was out of print for most of the 1990s.
Synopsis.
The first image in the film is of the Great Gallery pictogram in Horseshoe Canyon (Utah), in Canyonlands National Park. The section shown depicts several tall, shadowed figures standing near a taller figure adorned with a crown. The next image is a close-up of a Saturn V rocket during its launch. The film fades into a shot of a desolate desert landscape. From there, it progresses to footage of various natural phenomena such as waves and clouds.
The film's introduction to human involvement in the environment is a low aerial shot of choppy water, cutting to a similar shot of rows of cultivated flowers. After aerial views of monumental rock formations partly drowned by the artificial Lake Powell, we see a large mining truck causing billows of black dust. This is followed by shots of power lines in the desert. Man's continued involvement in the environment is depicted through images of mining operations, oil fields, the Navajo Generating Station, the Glen Canyon Dam, and atomic bomb detonations in a desert. Following the atomic bomb detonations, the next sequence begins with a shot of sunbathers on a beach, then pans to the San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station in the background. Shots of traffic patterns are seen during rush hour on a freeway and a shot of a large parking lot. This is followed with stock footage of Soviet tanks lined up in rows and a military aircraft, and an aircraft carrier.
Time-lapse photography of shadows of clouds are seen moving across the skyscrapers. Shots of various housing projects in disrepair, and includes footage of the decay and demolition of the Pruitt-Igoe housing project in St. Louis. The sequence ends with footage of the destruction of large buildings. A time-lapse shot of a crowd of people who appear to be waiting in a line. This is followed by shots of people walking along streets in slow motion.
The next sequence begins with shots of buildings and a shot of a sunset reflected in the glass of a skyscraper. The sequence uses time-lapse photography of the activity of modern life. The events captured in this sequence involve people interacting with modern technology. The first shots are traffic patterns as seen from skyscrapers at night. This is followed by a shot of the moon passing behind a skyscraper. The next shots are closer shots of cars on a highway. The sun rises over the city and we see people hurrying to work. The film shows at regular speed the operation of machines packaging food. People are shown sorting mail, sewing jeans, manufacturing televisions and doing other jobs with the use of modern technology. A shot of hot dogs being sent down rows of conveyors is followed by a shot of people moving up escalators. The frenetic speed and pace of the cuts and background music do not slow as shots of modern leisure are shown. People eat, play, shop and work at the same speed. The sequence begins to come full circle as the manufacture of cars in an assembly line factory is shown.
More shots of highway traffic are shown, this time in daylight. The film shows the movement of cars, shopping carts, and televisions on an assembly line, and elevators moving from first-person perspective. The film then shows clips from various television shows being channel surfed in fast motion. The film, in slow motion, then shows several people reacting to being candidly filmed on the street. The camera stays on them until the moment when they acknowledge its presence by looking directly at it. The sequence then shows cars moving much faster than they were moving before.
Pictures of microchips and satellite photography of metropolitan cities are shown, comparing the lay of each of them. Various shots of people are seen from all walks of modern life, from beggars to debutantes. The final sequence shows footage of a rocket lifting off, only to end up exploding after a few seconds (Editing suggest that there is only one rocket, while in fact two different events were used: The first batch of footage shows a Saturn V lifting off, followed by footage of the May 1962 explosion of the first Atlas-Centaur.) The camera follows a flaming rocket engine and a white vapor trail or smoke against a blue sky as the debris plummets toward the ground. The film concludes with another shot of desert rock art similar to the image at the beginning. Epilogue shows the translation of the titular Hopi word and of the prophecies sung in the last part of the soundtrack.
Production.
Background.
In 1972, Godfrey Reggio, of the Institute for Regional Education (IRE), was working on a media campaign in Albuquerque, New Mexico, which was sponsored by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU). The campaign involved invasions of privacy and the use of technology to control behavior. As opposed to making public service announcements, which Reggio felt "had no visibility," advertising spots were purchased for television, radio, newspapers, and billboards. Over thirty billboards were used for the campaign, and one design featured a close-up of the human eye, which Reggio described as a "horrifying image." To produce the television commercials the IRE-hired cinematographer Ron Fricke, who worked on the project for two years. The television advertisements aired during prime time programming and became so popular that viewers would call the television stations to learn when the next advertisement would be aired. Godfrey described the two-year campaign as "extraordinarily successful," and as a result, Ritalin (methylphenidate) was eliminated as a behavior-modifying drug in many New Mexico school districts. But after the campaign ended, the ACLU eventually withdrew its sponsorship, and the IRE unsuccessfully attempted to raise millions of dollars at a fundraiser in Washington, D.C. The institute only had $40,000 left in their budget, and Reggio was unsure how to use the small amount of funds. Fricke insisted to Reggio that the money could be used to produce a film, which led to the production of "Koyaanisqatsi."
Filming.
Fricke and Reggio chose to shoot unscripted footage and edit it into an hour-long film. Production began in 1975 in St. Louis, Missouri. 16 mm film was used due to budget constraints, despite the preference to shoot with 35 mm film. Footage of the Pruitt–Igoe housing project was shot from a helicopter, and Fricke nearly passed out during filming, having never flown in a helicopter before. Reggio later chose to shoot in Chicago, Washington, and New York City. As there was no formal script, Fricke shot whatever he felt would "look good on film". While filming in New York City, Fricke developed an idea to shoot portraits of people. A grey paper backdrop was displayed in Times Square, and Fricke stood back with the camera. People walking by started posing for the camera, thinking it was a still camera, and several shots from the setup ended up in the film. Godfrey was not on location in Times Square when Fricke shot the footage and thought the idea of shooting portraits of people was "foolish". Upon viewing the footage, Godfrey decided to devote an entire section of the film to portraits. The footage was processed with a special chemical to enhance the film's shadows and details, as all footage was shot only with existing lighting. The IRE's $40,000 was exhausted after the filming, and almost two cases of film had been used. The unedited footage was screened in Santa Fe, New Mexico, but Fricke said it was "boring as hell" and there were "not that many good shots". Fricke later moved to Los Angeles, and took a job as a waiter, unable to get a job in the film industry. While Fricke was working in Los Angeles, he edited the footage into a twenty-minute reel, but "without regard for message or political content".
The IRE was continuously receiving funding and wanted to continue the project in 1976, using 35 mm film. After quitting his waiting job, Fricke traveled with a camera crew to the Four Corners, which was chosen for filming for its "alien look". Due to the limited budget, Fricke shot with a 16 mm zoom lens onto 35 mm film. To compensate for the lens size, a 2× extender was added, which turned it into a full 35 mm zoom lens, allowing footage to be clearly captured onto 35 mm film. The two-week shoot included aerial footage taken from an airplane using a hand-held camera and ground footage taken using a tripod. The first aerial footage was too "shaky", so additional footage was taken from a camera mounted onto the airplane. Fricke traveled back to New York City in 1977, during which the blackout occurred. Footage of the blackout was filmed in Harlem and the South Bronx, and the film was desaturated to match the appearance of the 16 mm footage.
Reggio and Fricke came across time-lapse footage in "some low-visibility commercial work". They felt such footage was "the language were missing", and collectively decided to implement time-lapse as a major part of the film to create "an experience of acceleration". For the time-lapse footage, Fricke purchased a Mitchell camera, and built a motor with an intervalometer, which was used to precisely move the camera between frames. The system was powered by a gel cell battery that lasted for twelve hours, which enabled Fricke to shoot without the use of a generator. Most time-lapse shots were filmed at a frame rate of 1½ frames per second. Fricke wanted the footage to "look normal" and not contain any "gimmicky" special effects. The time-lapse shot overlooking the freeway in Los Angeles was filmed from the top of a building in through a double exposure, with ten-second delay between frames. The first take was shot throughout the day for twelve hours, then the film was rewound and the same scene was shot at night for twenty minutes.
The scene with the Boeing 747 on the runway was filmed at Los Angeles International Airport, and was the longest continuous shot in the film. Fricke and his focus puller, Robert Hill, filmed at the airport every day for two weeks. To keep the shot of the 747 within the frame, the camera was slowly moved by increasing the voltage to the gear motors.
In addition to footage shot by Fricke, some of the footage of people and traffic in New York City was shot by cinematographer Hilary Harris. During post-production, Reggio was introduced to Harris' "Organism" (1975), which predominately features time-lapse footage of New York City streets. Reggio was impressed with Harris' work and subsequently hired him to work on "Koyaanisqatsi". Footage filmed by cinematographer Louis Schwartzberg was added into the cloud sequence, and additional stock footage was provided by MacGillivray Freeman Films.
While Reggio was working on post-production at the Samuel Goldwyn Studio in 1981, he met film director Francis Ford Coppola through an associate from Zoetrope Studios, Coppola's production company. Prior to shooting "The Outsiders" (1983) and "Rumble Fish" (1983), Coppola requested to see "Koyaanisqatsi", and Reggio arranged a private screening shortly after its completion. Coppola told Reggio that he was waiting for a film such as "Koyaanisqatsi" and that it was "important for people to see", so he added his name into the credits and helped present and distribute the film. Coppola also decided to introduce and end the film with footage of pictographs from the Great Gallery at Horseshoe Canyon in Utah, after visiting the site and becoming fascinated by the ancient sandstone murals.
Meaning.
Reggio stated that the "Qatsi" films are intended to simply create an experience and that "it is up the viewer to take for himself/herself what it is that [the film means." He also said that "these films have never been about the effect "of" technology, "of" industry "on" people. It's been that everyone: politics, education, things of the financial structure, the nation state structure, language, the culture, religion, all of that exists within the host of technology. So it's not the effect "of", it's that everything exists within . It's not that we "use" technology, we "live" technology. Technology has become as ubiquitous as the air we breathe..."
According to "", the Hopi word "koyaanisqatsi" () is defined as "life of moral corruption and turmoil" or "life out of balance". The prefix "koyaanis–" means "corrupted" or "chaotic", and the word "qatsi" means "life" or "existence", literally translating "koyaanisqatsi" as "chaotic life". The film also defines the word as "crazy life", "life in turmoil", "life disintegrating", and "a state of life that calls for another way of living".
In the score by Philip Glass, the word "Koyaanisqatsi" is chanted at the beginning and end of the film in an "otherworldly" dark, sepulchral "basso profondo" by singer Albert de Ruiter over a solemn, four-bar organ-passacaglia bassline. Three Hopi prophecies sung by a choral ensemble during the latter part of the "Prophecies" movement are translated just prior to the end credits:
At the end of the film, the movie credits for inspiration Jacques Ellul, Ivan Illich, David Monongye, Guy Debord and Leopold Kohr. Moreover, amongst the consultants to the director are listed such names as Jeffrey Lew, T.A. Price, Belle Carpenter, Langdon Winner, Cybelle Carpenter and Barbara Pecarich.
Releases.
Theatrical distribution.
The world premiere of "Koyaanisqatsi" took place at the Santa Fe Film Festival April 28, 1982. It was screened later that year at the Telluride Film Festival in August and at the New York Film Festival in September.
Triumph Films offered to distribute the film, but Reggio turned down the offer as he wanted to work with a smaller company so he could be more involved with the release. He chose Island Alive as the distributor, a company newly formed in 1983 by Chris Blackwell of Island Records, and "Koyaanisqatsi" was the company's first release. Select theaters distributed a pamphlet that defined the title and the Hopi prophecies sung in the film, as well as a copy of the soundtrack from Island Records. The first theatrical run featured four-track Dolby Stereo sound, while later runs featured monaural sound.
The film's initial limited release began in San Francisco at the Castro Theatre on April 27, 1983. The producers spent $6,500 on marketing the initial release, which grossed $46,000 throughout its one-week run, and was the highest-grossing film in the San Francisco Bay Area that week. It was released in Los Angeles a month later where it grossed $300,000 at two theaters within 15 weeks. Additional releases in select cities throughout the United States continued in September 1983, beginning with a release in New York City on September 15. In mid-October, "Koyaanisqatsi" was released onto 40–50 screens throughout the country.
A 1991 issue of "Variety" listed "Koyaanisqatsi" box office gross at $3.2 million.
Home video.
The rights to "Koyaanisqatsi" were passed through various multinational entertainment companies, which eventually prevented a home video release. IRE enforced their legal and contractual rights by creating a federal court lawsuit. IRE distributed a privately issued release of the film on DVD. The release was available to those who made a donation of at least $180 to IRE, and was distributed in a sleeve that was signed by Reggio.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) eventually received the rights to the film, and "Koyaanisqatsi" was released on DVD by MGM Home Entertainment on September 18, 2002, coinciding with the release of "Naqoyqatsi" (2002). Both films were available in a two-disc box set. Each DVD includes a documentary with interviews by Reggio and Glass and trailers for the "Qatsi" trilogy. Unlike the IRE release, which featured the film in the open matte format in which it was filmed, the MGM release was in cropped into a widescreen aspect as it was originally presented in theaters.
On January 13, 2012, a Blu-ray version (screen ratio 16:9) was released in Germany. The Blu-ray was also released in Australia by Umbrella Entertainment on March 22, 2012. In December 2012 Criterion released in the US a remastered Blu-ray and DVD of "Koyaanisqatsi", as part of a box set containing the Qatsi Trilogy.
Reception.
Koyaanisqatsi has a score of 89% on Rotten Tomatoes out of 18 reviews. In 1983, the film was entered into the 33rd Berlin International Film Festival. In 2000, "Koyaanisqatsi" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
"Koyaanisqatsi" is followed by the sequels "Powaqqatsi" and "Naqoyqatsi" and the shorts "Anima Mundi" and "Evidence." "Naqoyqatsi" was completed after a lengthy delay caused by funding problems and premiered in the United States on October 18, 2002. The film's cinematographer, Ron Fricke, went on to direct "Baraka", a pure cinema movie which is often compared to "Koyaanisqatsi".
Influence.
The music from "Koyaanisqatsi" has been referenced in popular culture ever since the film's release, but it achieved a widespread popularity in 2006 when the first trailer for "Grand Theft Auto IV" featured one of the soundtracks for the film, "Pruit Igoe".
The film's title song was featured in two episodes of the TV series "Scrubs". The first time was in "My New God" when the Janitor gave the "evil eye" to J.D. The second time was in "My Chopped Liver" when the Janitor gave the "evil eye" to Carla accompanied by Todd, Laverne & Ted.
The song appears in Season Six of the CW series "Gilmore Girls", in the episode "We've Got Magic to Do." Kirk performs an interpretive dance as the song appears in the background. The chanted "koyaanisqatsi" lyric from the film's title song was parodied in P. D. Q. Bach's "Prelude to Einstein on the Fritz", replaced with the lyric "coy hotsy-totsy". The word 

</doc>
<doc id="18932669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932669" title="Economy of Cape Verde">
Economy of Cape Verde

Cape Verde is a small archipelagic nation that lacks resources and has experienced severe droughts. Agriculture is made difficult by lack of rain and is restricted to only four islands for most of the year. Most of the nation's GDP comes from the service industry. Cape Verde's economy has been steadily growing since the late 1990s, and it is now officially considered a country of average development, being only the second country to have achieved such transition, after Botswana in 1994. Cape Verde has significant cooperation with Portugal at every level of the economy, which has led it to link its currency (the Cape Verdean escudo) first to the Portuguese escudo and, in 1999, to the euro.
Resources.
About 75% of food must be imported. Cape Verde annually runs a high trade deficit, financed by foreign aid and remittances from emigrants; remittances constitute a supplement to GDP of more than 20%. Economic reforms, launched by the new democratic government in 1991, are aimed at developing the private sector and attracting foreign investment to diversify the economy. Since 1991, the policies the government has pursued include an open welcome to foreign investors and a far-reaching privatization program. 
Fish and shellfish are plentiful, and small quantities are exported. Cape Verde has cold storage and freezing facilities as well as fish processing plants in Mindelo, Praia, and on Sal. However, the fishing potential, mostly lobster and tuna, is not fully exploited.
The economy is service-oriented, with commerce, transport, and public services accounting for almost 70% of the GDP. Although nearly 35% of the population lives in rural areas, the share of agriculture in GDP in 2010 was only 9.2% (up from 8.9% in 1995); of the 1998 total, fishing accounts for 1.5%. 
The Cape Verdean government established the top priorities for development as the promotion of a market economy and of the private sector; the development of tourism, light manufacturing industries, and fisheries; and the development of transport, communications, and energy facilities. In 1994-95 Cape Verde received a total of about U.S.$50 million in foreign investments, of which 50% was in industry, 19% in tourism, and 31% in fisheries and services. Prospects for 2000 depend heavily on the maintenance of aid flows, remittances, and the momentum of the government's development program.
Mineral industry.
Mining is an insignificant contributor to the country's economy. Most of the country's mineral requirements are imported. As of 2007, production of mineral commodities was limited to clay on the islands of Boa Vista, Sal, and São Vicente; gypsum and iron ore on the island of Maio; limestone on the islands of Boa Vista, Sal, and Santo Antão; pozzolana on the island of Santo Antão; and salt on the islands of Maio and Sal. Cape Verde was not a natural gas or petroleum producer as of 2007.
Transportation.
Cape Verde's strategic location at the crossroads of mid-Atlantic air and sea lanes has been enhanced by significant improvements at Mindelo's harbor (Porto Grande) and at Sal's international airport. Ship repair facilities at Mindelo were opened in 1983, and the harbors at Mindelo and Praia were recently renovated. The major ports are Mindelo and Praia, but all other islands have small port facilities, some of which are to be expanded in the near future. In addition to the international airport on Sal, airports are located on all of the inhabited islands. The archipelago has 3,050 kilometers (1,830 mi.) of roads, of which 1,010 kilometers (606 mi.) are paved. The new Praia International Airport is currently operative.
International recognition.
Cape Verde is considered a developing country, and is included on the list of the United Nations Small Island Developing States.
In 2007 the United Nations graduated Cape Verde from the category of Least Developed Countries, only the second time this has happened to a country.
On December 18, 2007, the General Council of the World Trade Organization approved a package for the accession of Cape Verde to the WTO. Accession was effective on July 23, 2008, 30 days after ratification by Cape Verde, which took place on 23 June. The package requires Cape Verde to adapt some of its economic regulation. In particular, it will need to introduce a new Customs Code, and to introduce copyright and patent laws complying with the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights. According to the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO), Cape Verde does not have legislation for industrial property, such as patents, trademarks, and industrial designs but does have a law on copyrights (Law No. 101/III/90, December 1990). Pascal Lamy, director-general of the WTO said, "I am very pleased to welcome Cape Verde as a new member. This new membership will strengthen multilateral trading system. Being part of the WTO will enable Cape Verde to continue its integration into the world economy."

</doc>
<doc id="18932671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932671" title="The Other Side of Midnight (film)">
The Other Side of Midnight (film)

The Other Side of Midnight is a 1977 American drama film directed by Charles Jarrott and starring Marie-France Pisier, John Beck and Susan Sarandon. Herman Raucher wrote the screenplay based on Sidney Sheldon's 1973 novel of the same name.
Plot.
In World War II France, young and attractive Noelle Page (Marie-France Pisier) falls in love with Larry Douglas (John Beck), an American pilot of the Royal Canadian Air Force stationed in France. The couple has a torrid love affair that ends abruptly when Larry receives orders to return to the United States. Larry promises to come back for Nicole and marry her. She later finds out that she's pregnant with his child. However, he never returns.
Vowing revenge after a harrowing abortion, Noelle begins using men for their money and power. She seduces her way into becoming a famous European actress, then arranges to be the mistress of one of the world's wealthiest men, Greek tycoon Constantin Demeris (Raf Vallone), whom she does not love.
During this time, Larry has met and married Catherine Alexander (Susan Sarandon), a sweet and trusting young woman from Chicago. Larry meets her while serving in the Pacific theatre as a United States Army Air Forces fighter pilot. He seduces the virginal Catherine with some of the same lines he used with Noelle. 
After the war, Larry is employed by various civilian airlines. Noelle hires a detective to keep tabs on him, then sabotages any job Larry is able to find. Larry's in no position to refuse a job offer to come to Greece and be a private pilot, unaware that it is Noelle who is hiring him. 
Larry fails to recognize her. Noelle treats him rudely until Larry is not sure how much more he can take. When he is positive it's her, he bursts into Noelle's hotel suite, where they rekindle their romance. Larry claims he will keep his long-ago promise and stay with her. But when his wife refuses a request for a divorce, Larry and Noelle begin to plot Catherine’s murder.
They carry out their plan, but things go wrong. Larry and Noelle ultimately are convicted of murder by a Greek court, which is under the influence of Constantin Demeris. They are executed by a firing squad. Catherine has miraculously survived. Suffering from shock, she ends up living in a convent, under the patronage of Demeris.
The "Star Wars" connection.
According to the documentary "Empire of Dreams", since the book was very successful, anticipation was that the film would translate to success at the box office and it resulted in 20th Century Fox heavily promoting the film. The studio was promoting "" at the same time, even as it was controversial for its growing expense.
Fearing that "Star Wars" would be a flop, the studio made a peremptory decision to grant prints of "The Other Side of Midnight" — a 2-hour, 45-minute long feature with sex and nudity — only to those theaters that agreed to book "Star Wars" as well.
Ultimately, in spite of the former's massive critical acclaim, "The Other Side of Midnight" proved to be the box office failure. Despite the controversy surrounding the huge expense involved in the making of "Star Wars", the latter ultimately grossed a then-record $237 million in North America in its first run and would eventually spawn a multi-media franchise that continues to this day.
The movie earned $18.4 million in North American rentals.
Home media.
On March 6, 2007, approximately 30 years after the film was released in theaters, 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment released "The Other Side of Midnight" on DVD for the first time as part of Fox's Cinema Classics Collection. The DVD includes a commentary discussion with producer Frank Yablans, director Charles Jarrott and author Sidney Sheldon, led by film historian Laurent Bouzereau, a stills gallery, and the film's theatrical trailer. Jarrott and Sheldon have since died, as has Marie-France Pisier, the film's star.
Remake & Sequel.
It was remade in India as the Hindi film Oh Bewafa (1980). Sidney Sheldon had written a sequel, the title for the 1990 novel being Memories of Midnight. It was adapted into a 1991 television mini-series starring Jane Seymour as Catherine Alexander.

</doc>
<doc id="18932677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932677" title="Adam Galos">
Adam Galos

Adam Galos (22 July 1924 – 11 April 2013) was a Polish historian and professor at University of Wrocław. He specialized in the history of Germany. He died, aged 88, in Wrocław.

</doc>
<doc id="18932681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932681" title="Ralston">
Ralston

Ralston may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18932682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932682" title="Barsoom">
Barsoom

Barsoom is a fictional representation of the planet Mars created by American pulp fiction author Edgar Rice Burroughs. The first Barsoom tale was serialized as "Under the Moons of Mars" in 1912, and published as a novel as "A Princess of Mars" in 1917. Ten sequels followed over the next three decades, further extending his vision of Barsoom and adding other characters. The first five novels are in the public domain in U.S., but are still under copyright laws in most of the rest of the world.
The world of Barsoom is a romantic vision of a dying Mars. Writers and science popularizers like Camille Flammarion, who was convinced that Mars was at a later stage of evolution than Earth and therefore much more dry, took the ideas further and published books like Les Terres du Ciel (1884), which contained illustrations of a planet covered with canals. Burroughs gives credits to him in his writings, and goes as far as to say that he based his vision of Mars on that of Flammarion. John Carter is transported to Mars in a way described by Flammarion in Urania (1889), where a man from earth is transported to Mars as an astral body where he wakes up to a lower gravity, two moons, strange plants and animals and several races of advanced humans. In "The Plurality of Inhabited Worlds" and "Lumen", he further speculates about plant people and other creatures on far away planets, elements that would later appear in the Barsoom stories.
The Barsoom series, where John Carter in the late 1800s is mysteriously transported from Earth to a Mars suffering from dwindling resources, has been cited by many well known science fiction writers as having inspired and motivated them in their youth, as well as by key scientists involved in both space exploration and the search for extraterrestrial life. Elements of the books have been adapted by many writers, in novels, short stories, comics, television and film.
Series.
Burroughs began writing the Barsoom books in the second half of 1911, and produced one volume a year between 1911 and 1914; seven more were produced between 1921 and 1941. The first Barsoom tale was serialized in "The All-Story" magazine as "Under the Moons of Mars" (1912), and then published in hardcover as the complete novel "A Princess of Mars" (1917). The final Barsoom tale was a novella, "Skeleton Men of Jupiter", published in Amazing Stories in February 1943.
Collectively, this series of novels has been referred to as the Martian Series.
Etymology.
Burroughs frequently invented words from the languages spoken by the peoples in his novels, and used these extensively in the narrative. In "Thuvia, Maid of Mars" he included a glossary of Barsoomian words used in the first four novels. The word "Barsoom", the native Martian word for Mars, is composed of the Martian name for planet, "soom", and the Martian word for eight, "bar". This assumes that Mars is the eighth body in the inner solar system, though to reach this figure it is necessary to count the Sun and the satellites of both the Earth and Mars itself.
Character focus.
"A Princess of Mars", the first novel in the Barsoom series, with its sequels "The Gods of Mars" and "The Warlord of Mars", forms a trilogy centered upon protagonist John Carter and damsel in distress Dejah Thoris. John Carter's and Dejah Thoris's son Carthoris is also introduced as a minor character in "The Gods of Mars", as is Thuvia.
Three other books focus on their descendants: Carthoris, in "Thuvia, Maid of Mars", his sister, Tara of Helium, in "The Chessmen of Mars", and Tara's daughter, Llana of Gathol, in "Llana of Gathol".
Ulysses Paxton, another Earth man transported to Mars, is the focus of "The Master Mind of Mars", and the rest of the books focus on John Carter's later adventures ("Swords of Mars" and "John Carter of Mars"), or on native Martian characters ("A Fighting Man of Mars" and "Synthetic Men of Mars").
Form.
The majority of the tales are novels; but two are collections of shorter works: "Llana of Gathol" has four linked novelettes, originally published in "Amazing Stories" during 1941, and "John Carter of Mars" is composed of two novellas.
Most of the tales are first-person narratives. John Carter narrates "A Princess of Mars", "The Gods of Mars", "The Warlord of Mars", "Swords of Mars", the four novellas in "Llana of Gathol" and "Skeleton Men of Jupiter" in "John Carter of Mars". Ulysses Paxton narrates one, "The Master Mind of Mars". Martian guardsman Vor Daj narrates "Synthetic Men of Mars" and Martian navy officer Tan Hadron narrates "A Fighting Man of Mars". Two other novels, "Thuvia, Maid of Mars" and "The Chessmen of Mars", are written in the third person, as is "John Carter and the Giant of Mars" in "John Carter of Mars".
Introductions.
Beginning with "A Princess of Mars", Burroughs established a practice which continued in the four sequels of introducing the novel as if a factual account passed on to him personally, wherein John Carter appears as an avuncular figure known to his family for years. The same device appears in several sequels: "The Gods of Mars", "The Chessmen of Mars," "Swords of Mars," and "Llana of Gathol."
Authorship.
All of the Barsoom tales were published under the name of Edgar Rice Burroughs, except "Under the Moons of Mars", the first publication of "A Princess of Mars", which was published under the pseudonym "Norman Bean". Burroughs had actually typed "Normal Bean" (meaning "not insane") on his submitted manuscript; but his publisher's typesetter changed it to "Norman". The first novella in "John Carter of Mars", "John Carter and the Giant of Mars", is thought to have been penned by Burroughs's son John "Jack" Coleman Burroughs, although allegedly revised by his father. It was recognized by fans, upon publication, as unlikely of being Burroughs' work, as the writing is of a juvenile quality compared to that of Burroughs' other stories.
Genre.
The stories are science fantasy, belonging to the subgenre planetary romance, which has strong elements of both science fiction and fantasy. Planetary romance stories are similar to sword and sorcery tales, but include scientific aspects. They mostly take place on the surface of an alien world, frequently include sword fighting, monsters, supernatural elements such as telepathic abilities, and civilizations similar to Earth in pre-technological eras, particularly with the inclusion of dynastic or religious social structures. Spacecraft may appear, but are not central to the story.
The stories also share a number of elements with westerns in that they feature desert landscapes, women taken captive and a final confrontation with the antagonist.
Burroughs' Barsoom stories are considered seminal planetary romances. While examples existed prior to the publication of his works, they are the principal influence on the many works of this type that followed. His style of planetary romance has ceased to be written and published in the mainstream, though his books remain in print.
Plot.
Like most of Burroughs' fiction, the novels in the series are mostly travelogues, feature copious violence, and often depict civilized heroes captured by uncivilized cultures and mimicking their captors to survive.
Most Barsoom novels follow a familiar plot structure, wherein a hero is forced to a far-off location in search of a woman kidnapped by an odious but powerful villain. 
Female characters are frequently threatened with sexual assault; Dejah Thoris (on numerous occasions), Thuvia of Ptarth, and Tara of Helium are all subjected to this threat. Having met the women the hero may misinterpret their interest in him. Female characters are likely to be virtuous and fight off amorous advances and other dangers until able to connect with the hero; who himself fights a variety of enemies and deposes petty rulers of severely repressed populations, usually with the assistance of a native.
Motifs.
The world of Barsoom is morally unambiguous; whereas a sense of honor overcomes loyalty to ethnicity or society. Qualities of compassion, loyalty, and bravery are celebrated, and callousness, lasciviousness, deception, and cowardice are frowned upon.
Typically the novels include descriptions of aspects of the Martian world such as the architecture, and the presence of desolate landscapes punctuated by abandoned cities, technological achievements, advanced medicine, cultural elements such as superstitious religious practices and eating habits, breeding practices, and methods of population control. Many lost cities and civilizations and journeys into forgotten underworlds appear across the series, and the environment beyond the cities is populated by a variety of ferocious beasts, many roughly equivalent with Earth creatures and most bearing multiple sets of limbs. There are numerous examples of striking coincidences and deus ex machina usually to the benefit of the protagonists.
Mad scientists also appear, Ras Thavas from "The Master Mind of Mars" and "Synthetic Men of Mars" being the principal example, although another plays a prominent role in "A Fighting Man of Mars". Incidences of the use of superstition by religious cults to control and manipulate others are also common.
"A Princess of Mars" was possibly the first fiction of the 20th century to feature a constructed language; although Barsoomian was not particularly developed, it did add verisimilitude to the narrative.
Villains.
The majority of the villains in the Barsoom series are implacably evil; are rulers or despots of major empires, or of hidden fiefdoms; are usually hated by their subjects; and possess a voracious sexual appetite, usually directed towards the heroine. The pattern is established by Tharkian Jeddak Tal Hajus in the first novel, "A Princess of Mars". Further examples include the Salensus Oll of "The Warlord of Mars", Nutus of Dusar in "Thuvia, Maid of Mars", and Ul Vas, Jeddak of the Tarids in "Swords of Mars".
Environment.
While Burroughs' Barsoom tales never aspired to anything other than escapism, his vision of Mars was loosely inspired by astronomical speculation of the time, especially that of Percival Lowell, that saw the planet as a formerly Earthlike world now becoming less hospitable to life due to its advanced age. Living on an aging planet, with dwindling resources, the inhabitants of Barsoom have become hardened and warlike, fighting one another to survive. Once a wet world with continents and oceans, Barsoom's seas gradually dried up, leaving it a dry planet of highlands interspersed with moss covered dead sea bottoms. Abandoned cities line the former coast lands. The last remnants of the former bodies of water are the Great Toonolian Marshes and the antarctic Lost Sea of Korus.
Barsoomians distribute scarce water supplies via a worldwide system of canals, controlled by quarreling city-states at the junctures thereof. The idea of Martian "canals" stems from telescopic observations by 19th century astronomers who, beginning with Giovanni Schiaparelli in 1877, believed they saw networks of lines on the planet. Schiaparelli called them "canali", mistranslated in English as "canals". During the time Burroughs wrote his first Barsoom stories, the theory was put forward by a number of prominent scientists, notably Lowell, that these were huge engineering works constructed by an intelligent race. This inspired much science fiction. The thinning Barsoomian atmosphere is artificially replenished by an "atmosphere plant" on whose function all life on the planet is dependent.
The Martian year comprises 687 Martian days, each of which is 24 hours and 37 minutes long. (Burroughs presumably derived this from the figures published by Lowell, but erroneously substituted the number of 24-hour "Earth" days in the Martian year, rather than the number of 24.6-hour "Martian" days, which is only 669.) The days are hot and the nights are cold, and there appears to be little variation in climate across the planet, except at the poles.
Burroughs explained his ideas about the Martian environment in an article "A Dispatch on Mars" published in the "London Daily Express" in 1926. He assumed that Mars was formerly identical to the Earth; therefore a similar evolutionary development of fauna would have taken place. He referenced winds, snows, and marshes supposedly observed by astronomers, as evidence of an atmosphere, and that the wastes of the planet had been irrigated (probably referencing Lowell's canals), which suggested that an advanced civilization existed on the planet.
Peoples and culture.
All Barsoomian races resemble Homo sapiens in most respects, except for being oviparous and having lifespans in excess of 1,000 years unless killed. The traditional Martian lifespan of 1,000 is based on the customary pilgrimage down the River Iss, which is taken by virtually all Martians by that age, or those who feel tired of their long lives and expect to find a paradise at the end of their journey. None return from this pilgrimage, because it leads to almost certain death at the hands of ferocious creatures.
While the Martian females are egg-laying, Martians have mammalian characteristics such as a navel and breasts. While they have skins of various colors, and their bodies differ in some cases from traditional humans, they are very similar to varieties of Earth humans, and there is little examination of difference. There is only one spoken language across the entire planet, but a variety of writing systems.
All Martians are telepathic, among one another, and also with domestic animals. Other telepathic abilities are demonstrated across the books. The Lotharians in "Thuvia, Maid of Mars", are able to project images of warfare, which images can kill by suggestion. In "The Warlord of Mars", the nations are described as bellicose and self-sufficient; but in "The Gods of Mars" inter-city state merchants are mentioned, and in "Thuvia, Maid of Mars", towering staging posts for inter-city liners are also described.
Most of the cultures are dynasties or theocracies. 
Red Martians.
The Red Martians are the dominant culture on Barsoom. They are organized into a system of imperial city-states including Helium, Ptarth, and Zodanga, controlling the planetary canal system, as well as other, more isolated city-states in the hinterlands. The Red Martians are the interbred descendants of the ancient Yellow Martians, White Martians and Black Martians, remnants of which exist in isolated areas of the planet, particularly the poles. The Red Martians are said in "A Princess of Mars" to have been bred when the seas of Barsoom began to dry up, in hopes of creating a hardy race to survive in the new environment.
They are, like all the humanoid races of Mars, oviparous, i.e., their newborn hatch from eggs.
The Red Martians are highly civilized, respect the idea of private property, adhere to a code of honor and have a strong sense of fairness. Their culture is governed by law and is advanced technologically. They are capable of love and have families.
Green Martians.
The Green Martians are fifteen feet tall (males) and twelve feet tall (females), have four arms and eyes mounted at the side of their heads. They are nomadic, warlike and barbaric, do not form families, have little concept of friendship or love and enjoy inflicting torture upon their victims. Their social structure is highly communal and rigidly hierarchical, consisting of various levels of chiefs, with the highest office of Jeddak obtained by mortal combat.
The Green Men are primitive, intellectually unadvanced, do not have any kind of art and are without a written language. While they craft weapons, any advanced technology they possess, such as 'radium pistols', is stolen from raids upon the Red Martians. They inhabit the ancient ruined cities left behind by civilizations which lived on Barsoom during a more advanced and hospitable era in the planet's history. They apparently arose from a biological experiment which went awry and as with all other Martians, they are an egg-laying species, concealing their eggs in incubators until hatching. Tars Tarkas, who befriends John Carter when he first arrives on Barsoom, is an unusual exception from the typical ruthless Green Martian, due to having known the love of his own mate and daughter.
In the novels, the Green Martians are often referred to by the names of their hordes, which in turn take their names from the abandoned cities they inhabit. Thus the followers of Tars Tarkas, based in the ruined ancient city of Thark, are known as "Tharks". Other hordes bear the names of Warhoon, Torquas, and Thurd.
Yellow Martians.
Okarians.
Yellow Martians are supposedly extinct, but in "The Warlord of Mars" they are found hiding in secret domed cities at the North Pole of Mars. At the time John Carter arrives on Barsoom the Yellow Race is known only in old wives' tales and campfire stories.
The only means of entrance to the Okarians city is through The Carrion Caves, which are every bit as unpleasant as the name suggests. Air travel over the barrier is discouraged through the use of a great magnetic pillar called "The Guardian of the North," which draws fliers of all sizes inexorably into their doom as they collide with the massive structure.
Their cities are domed hothouses which keep out the cold, but outdoors they favor orluk furs and boots. Physically, they are large and strong, and the men wear bristling black beards as a rule.
White Martians.
Orovars.
The White Martians, known as 'Orovars' were rulers of Mars for 500,000 years, with an empire of sophisticated cities with advanced technology. They were white skinned, with blond or auburn hair. They were once a seafaring race but when the oceans began to dry up, they began to cooperate with the Yellow and Black Martians to breed the Red Martians, foreseeing the need for hardy stock to cope with the emerging harsher environment. They became decadent and 'overcivilized'. At the beginning of the series they are believed to be extinct, but three remaining populations, some original Orovars, Therns, and Lotharians, are still living in secret and are discovered as the books progress.
Lotharians.
The Lotharians are a remnant population of the original White Martians, which appear only in "Thuvia, Maid of Mars". There are only 1000 of them remaining, all of them male. They are skilled in telepathy, able to project images that can kill, or provide sustenance. They live a reclusive existence in a remote area of Barsoom, debating philosophy amongst themselves.
Therns.
Descendants of the original White Martians who live in a complex of caves and passages in the cliffs above the Valley Dor. This is the destination of the River Iss, on whose currents most Martians eventually travel, on a pilgrimage seeking final paradise, once tired of life or reaching 1000 years of age. The valley is actually populated by monsters, overlooked by the Therns, who control these creatures, and ransack, and eat the flesh of those who perish, enslaving those who survive. They consider themselves a unique creation, different from other Martians. They maintain the false Martian religion through a network of collaborators and spies across the planet. They are themselves raided by the Black Martians. They are white skinned (of a skin tone close enough to human Caucasians that John Carter was able to easily pose as one) and bald, but wear blond wigs.
Black Martians (First Born).
Legend suggests that the Black Martians are inhabitants of one of the moons of Mars, when in fact they live in an underground stronghold near the south pole of the planet, around the subterranean Sea of Omean, below the Lost Sea of Korus, where they keep a large aerial navy. They call themselves the 'First Born', believing themselves to be a unique creation among Martian races, and worship Issus, a woman who styles herself as the God of the Martian religion, but is no such thing. They frequently raid the White Martian Therns, who maintain the false Martian religion, carrying off people as slaves. John Carter defeats their navy in "The Gods of Mars".
Others.
Kaldanes and Rykors.
"The Chessmen of Mars" introduces the Kaldanes of the region Bantoom, whose form is almost all head but for six spiderlike legs and a pair of chelae, and whose racial goal is to evolve even further towards pure intellect and away from bodily existence. In order to function in the physical realm, they have bred the Rykors, a complementary species composed of a body similar to that of a perfect specimen of Red Martian but lacking a head; when the Kaldane places itself upon the shoulders of the Rykor, a bundle of tentacles connects with the Rykor's spinal cord, allowing the brain of the Kaldane to interface with the body of the Rykor. Should the Rykor become damaged or die, the Kaldane merely climbs upon another as an earthling might change a horse.
Kangaroo Men.
A lesser people of Barsoom are the Kangaroo Men of Gooli, so called due to their large, kangaroo-like tails, ability to hop large distances and the rearing of their eggs in pouches. They are presented as a race of boastful, cowardly individuals. Their moral character is not highly developed; they are devout cowards and petty thieves, who only value (aside from their lives) a "treasure" consisting of pretty stones, sea shells, etc.
Hormads.
In addition to the naturally occurring races of Barsoom, Burroughs described the Hormads, artificial men created by the scientist Ras Thavas as slaves, workers, warriors, etc. in giant vats at his laboratory in the Toonolian Marsh in "Synthetic Men of Mars" and "John Carter and the Giant of Mars". Although the Hormads were generally recognizable as humanoid, the process was far from perfect, and generated monstrosities ranging from the occasional misplaced nose or eyeball to ""a great mass of living flesh with an eye somewhere and a single hand."" 
Technology.
When Burroughs wrote the first volume of the Barsoom series, aviation and radio technology was in its infancy and radioactivity was a fledgling science. Despite this, the series includes a range of technological developments including radium munitions, battles between fleets of aircraft, devices similar to faxes and televisions, genetic manipulation, elements of terraforming and other ideas. One notable device mentioned is the "directional compass"; this may be believed to be the precursor to the now-common "global positioning system", or GPS for short.
Fliers.
The Red Martians have flying machines, both civilian transports, and fleets of heavily armed war craft. These stay aloft through some form of anti-gravity, which Burroughs explains as relating to the rays of the Sun. Fliers travel at approximately 166.1 earth miles per hour (450 Martian Haads per hour).
In "Thuvia, Maid of Mars", John Carter's son, Cathoris, invents what appears to be a partial precursor of the autopilot (several decades before this became a reality). The device, built upon existing Martian compass technology, allows the pilot to reach any programmed destination, only having to keep the craft pointed in the set direction. Upon arrival, the device automatically lowers the craft to the surface. He also includes a kind of collision detector, which uses radium rays to detect any obstacle and automatically steer the craft elsewhere, until the obstacle is no longer detected. This works in principle almost identically to the backscatter radiation detector used to fire the braking rockets on the Soyuz space capsule. In "Swords of Mars" a flier with some kind of mechanical brain is introduced. Controlled by thought, it can be remote controlled in flight, or instructed to travel to any destination.
Weapons.
Firearms are common, and use 'Radium' bullets, which explode when exposed to sunlight. Some weapons are specific to races or inventors. The mysterious Yellow Martians, who live in secret glass domed cities at the poles, and appear in "The Warlord of Mars" have a form of magnet which allows them to attract flying craft and cause them to crash. Scientist Phor Tak, who appears in "A Fighting Man of Mars", has developed a disintegrator ray, and also a paste which renders vehicles such as fliers impervious to its effects. He also develops a missile which seeks out craft protected in this fashion, and a means of rendering fliers invisible which becomes a key plot device in the novel. However, while advanced weapons are available, most martians seem to prefer melee combat — mostly with swords — and their level of skill is highly impressive.
Atmosphere plant.
There are many technological wonders in the novels, some colossal works of engineering. The failing air of the dying planet is maintained by an atmosphere plant, and the restoration of this is a plot component of "A Princess of Mars". It is described as being four miles across with walls 100 feet in depth, and telepathically operated entrance doors of steel.
Medicine and biology.
Martian medicine is generally greatly in advance of that on Earth. In "The Master Mind of Mars" aging genius, Ras Thavas, has perfected the means of transplanting organs, limbs and brains, which during his experiments he swaps between animals and humanoids, men and women and young and old. Later, in "Synthetic Men of Mars", he discovers the secret of life, and creates an army of artificial servants and warriors, which are grown in giant vats filled with organic tissue. They frequently emerge deformed, are volatile and are difficult to control, later threatening to take over the planet.
Measurements.
Burroughs developed a system of Martian measurements for the novels. He also drew maps for his own reference while writing, which used the Martian "haad" as a unit of length. Martian measurements include the following
The following are excerpts from the second novel "The Gods of Mars":
Clothing.
The Martians wear no clothing other than jewelry and leather harnesses, which are designed to hold everything from the weaponry of a warrior to pouches containing toiletries and other useful items; the only instances where Barsoomians habitually wear clothing is for need of warmth, such as for travel in the northern polar regions described in "The Warlord of Mars".
This preference for near-nudity provides a stimulating subject for illustrators of the stories, though art for many mass-market editions of the books feature Carter and native Barsoomians wearing loincloths and other minimal coverings, or use strategically placed shadows and such to cover genitalia and female breasts.
Fauna.
It appears that most of Burrough’s Martian creatures are roughly equivalent to those found on Earth. Though in general, most seem to have multiple legs and all are egg-laying.
“Mammals”.
The martian mammalian equivalents all have fur, and both domestic and wild varieties are described by Burroughs.
Themes.
American frontier.
Barsoom might be seen as a kind of Martian Wild West. John Carter is himself an adventuring frontiersman. When he arrives on Barsoom he first compares it to the landscape of Arizona which he has left behind. He discovers a savage, frontier world where the civilized Red Martians are kept invigorated as a race by repelling the constant attacks of the Green Martians, a possible equivalent of Wild West ideals. Indeed, the Green Martians are a barbaric, nomadic, tribal culture with many parallels to stereotypes of American Indians. The desire to return to the frontier became common in the early 20th century America. As the United States become more urbanized, the world of the 19th century frontier America became romanticized as a lost world of freedom and noble qualities.
Race.
Race is a constant theme in the Barsoom novels and the world is clearly divided along racial lines. Red, Green, White, Black, and Yellow races all appear across the novels, each with particular traits and qualities which seem to define the characters of almost every individual within them. In this respect, Burroughs' concept of race, as depicted in the novels, is more like a division between species. The Red and Green Martians are almost complete opposites of one another, with the Red Martians being civilized, lawful, capable of love and forming families, and the Green Martians being savage, cruel, tribal and without families or the ability to form romantic relationships.
Religious deception.
The Barsoom series features a number of incidences of religious deception, or the use of superstition by those in power to control and manipulate others. Burroughs is particularly concerned about the hypocrisy of religious leaders. This is first established in "A Princess of Mars", but becomes particularly apparent in the sequel, "The Gods of Mars". Upon reaching 1,000 years of age almost all Martians undertake a pilgrimage on the River Iss, expecting to find a valley of mystical paradise; what they find is, in fact, a deathtrap, populated by ferocious creatures and overseen by a race of cruel, cannibal priests known as Therns, who perpetuate the Martian religion through a network of spies across the planet.
John Carter's battle to track down the remnants of the Therns and their masters continues in the sequel, "The Warlord of Mars". More deceitful priests in a nation controlled by such appear in "The Master Mind of Mars", on this occasion manipulating a temple idol to control followers.
Burroughs continued this theme in his many Tarzan novels. Burroughs was not anti-religious; however, he was concerned about followers placing their trust in religions and being abused and exploited, and saw this as a common feature of organized religion.
Excessive intellectualism.
While Burroughs is generally seen as a writer who produced work of limited philosophical sophistication, he wrote two Barsoom novels which appear to explore or parody the limits of excessive intellectual development at the expense of bodily or physical existence. The first was "Thuvia, Maid of Mars", in which Thuvia and Carthoris discover a remnant of ancient White Martian civilization, the Lotharians. The Lotharians have mostly died out, but maintain the illusion of a functioning society through powerful telepathic projections. They have formed two factions which appear to portray the excesses of pointless intellectual debate. One faction, the realists, believes in imagining meals to provide sustenance; another, the etherealists, believes in surviving without eating.
"The Chessmen of Mars" is the second example of this trend. The Kaldanes have sacrificed their bodies to become pure brain, but although they can interface with Rykor bodies, their ability to function, compared to normal people of integrated mind and body, is ineffectual and clumsy. The Kaldanes, though highly intelligent, are ugly, ineffectual creatures when not interfaced with a Rykor body. Tara of Helium compares them to effete intellectuals from her home city, with a self-important sense of superiority; and Gahan of Gathol muses that it might be better to find a balance between the intellect and bodily passions.
Paradox of “Superiority”.
Some of Barsoom's peoples, especially the Therns and First Born, hold themselves as "superior" to the "lesser order" peoples on Barsoom. A paradox is established in that the Therns and First Born though they hold themselves in such high esteem, nonetheless are dependent on these lesser orders for their sustainance, labor, and goods. The Therns and First Born are "non-productive" peoples and do not produce anything or invent, as such labor is seen as beneath them. This is punctuated by the fact that the Therns and First Born are obliged to create strongholds in the southpole to insulate themselves from the otherwise red and green Martian dominated planet.
Antecedents and influences on Burroughs.
Scientific inspiration.
Burroughs concept of a dying Mars and the Martian canals follows the theories of Lowell and his predecessor Giovanni Schiaparelli. In 1878, Italian astronomer, Giovanni Virginio Schiaparelli observed geological features on Mars which he called "canali" (Italian: "channels"). This was mistranslated into the English as "canals" which, being artificial watercourses, fueled the belief that there was some sort of intelligent extraterrestrial life on the planet. This further influenced American astronomer Percival Lowell.
In 1895 Lowell published a book titled "Mars" which speculated about an arid, dying landscape, whose inhabitants had been forced to build canals thousands of miles long to bring water from the polar caps to irrigate the remaining arable land. Lowell followed with "Mars and Its Canals" (1906) and "Mars as an Abode of Life" (1908). This formed prominent scientific ideas about the conditions on the red planet in the early years of the 20th century. Although Burroughs does not seem to have based his vision of Mars on precise reading of Lowell's theories, as there are a number of errors in his ideas which may suggest he got most of his information from reading newspaper articles and other popular accounts of Lowell's Mars.
The concept of canals with flowing water and a world where life was possible were later proved erroneous by more accurate observation of the planet, and later landings by Russian and American probes such as the two Viking missions which found a dead world too cold for water to exist in its fluid state.
Previous Mars fiction.
The first science fiction to be set on Mars may be "Across the Zodiac", by Percy Greg, published in 1880, which concerned a civil war on Mars. Another Mars novel, dealing with benevolent Martians coming to Earth was published in 1897 by Kurd Lasswitz, "Auf Zwei Planeten". It was not translated until 1971, and was thus unlikely to have influenced Burroughs, although it did depict a Mars influenced by the ideas of Percival Lowell. Other examples are "Mr. Stranger's Sealed Packet" (1889), which took place on Mars; Gustavus W. Popes's "Journey to Mars" (1894); and Ellsworth Douglas's "Pharaoh's Broker", in which the protagonist encounters an Egyptian civilization on Mars which, while parallel to that of the Earth, has evolved somehow independently.
H.G. Wells' novel, "The War of the Worlds", most definitely influenced by Lowell and published in 1898, did however create the precedent for a number of enduring Martian tropes in science fiction writing. These include Mars being an ancient world, nearing the end of its life; being the home of a superior civilization, capable of advanced feats of science and engineering; and a source of invasion forces, keen to conquer the Earth. The first two tropes were prominent in Burroughs' Barsoom series. Burroughs, however, claimed never to have read any of H.G. Wells' books. Lowell was probably the greater direct influence on Burroughs.
Richard A. Lupoff claimed that Burroughs was influenced in writing his Martian stories by Edwin Lester Arnold's earlier novel "" (1905) ( later retitled "Gulliver of Mars"). Gullivar Jones, who travels to Mars by flying carpet rather than via astral projection, encounters a civilization with similarities to those found on Barsoom, rescues a Martian Princess, and even undertakes a voyage down a river similar to the Iss in "The Gods of Mars". Lupoff also suggested that Burroughs derived characteristics of his main protagonist John Carter from Phra, hero of Arnold's "The Wonderful Adventures of Phra the Phoenician" (1890), who is also a swashbuckling adventurer and master swordsman, for whom death is no obstacle. Lupoff's theories were disputed by numerous scholars of Burroughs' work. Lupoff countered, claiming that many of Burroughs' stories had antecedents in previous works, and that this was not unusual for writers.
Burroughs’ influence.
Scientists.
Burroughs' Barsoom series was extremely popular with American readers and many scientists who grew up reading the novels, and helped inspire public support for the US space program. Readers included some of the first space pioneers and those involved in the search for life on other planets. Scientist Carl Sagan read the books as a young boy, and they continued to affect his imagination into his adult years. He remembered Barsoom as a "world of ruined cities, planet girdling canals, immense pumping stations – a feudal technological society". For two decades, a map of the planet, as imagined by Burroughs, hung in the hallway outside of Sagan's office in Cornell University.
Science fiction.
Well-known early science fiction writers Ray Bradbury and Arthur C. Clarke both read, and were inspired by Burroughs' series of Barsoom books in their youth. Bradbury admired Burroughs' stimulating romantic tales, and they were an inspiration for "The Martian Chronicles" (1950), in which he used some similar concepts of a dying Mars. Robert A. Heinlein also wrote fiction inspired by Burroughs' Barsoom series, and for many others, the Barsoom series helped to establish Mars as an adventurous, enticing destination for the imagination.
The John Carter books enjoyed another wave of popularity in the 1970s, with Vietnam War veterans who said they could identify with Carter, fighting in a war on another planet.
Novels and short stories.
Numerous novels and series by others were inspired by Burroughs' Mars books: the Radio Planet trilogy of Ralph Milne Farley; the Mars and Venus novels of Otis Adelbert Kline; "Almuric" by Robert E. Howard; "Warrior of Llarn" and "Thief of Llarn" by Gardner Fox; "Tarzan on Mars", "Go-Man" and "Thundar, Man of Two Worlds" by John Bloodstone; the Michael Kane trilogy of Michael Moorcock; "The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath", Through the Gates of the Silver Key by H.P. Lovecraft, the Gor series of John Norman; the Callisto series and Green Star series of Lin Carter; "The Goddess of Ganymede" and "Pursuit on Ganymede" by Mike Resnick; and the Dray Prescot series of Alan Burt Akers (Kenneth Bulmer). In addition, Leigh Brackett, Ray Bradbury, Andre Norton, Marion Zimmer Bradley, and Alan Dean Foster show Burroughs' influence in their development of alien cultures and worlds.
A. Bertram Chandler's pulp novels "The Alternate Martians" and "The Empress of Outer Space" overtly borrow a number of characters and situations from Burroughs' "Barsoom" series.
Robert A. Heinlein's novels "Glory Road" and "The Number of the Beast", and Alan Moore's graphic novels of "Allan and the Sundered Veil" and "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Volume II" directly reference Barsoom.
In Philip José Farmer's "World of Tiers" series (1965–1993) Kickaha, the series' adventurer protagonist, asks his friend The Creator of Universes to create for him a Barsoom. The latter agrees only to make an empty world, since ""It would go too far for me to create all these fabulous creatures only for you to amuse yourself by running your sword through them."" Kickaha visits from time to time the empty Barsoom, complete with beautiful palaces in which nobody ever lived, but goes away frustrated.
L. Sprague de Camp's story "Sir Harold of Zodanga" recasts and rationalizes Barsoom as a parallel world visited by his dimension-hopping hero Harold Shea. De Camp accounts for Burroughs' departures from physics or logic by portraying both Burroughs and Carter as having a tendency to exaggerate in their storytelling, and Barsoomian technology as less advanced than usually presented.
Furthermore, his Viagens Interplanetarias series of novels and short stories, especially those set on Krishna, one of Tau Ceti's inhabited planets, owe much to the premise of feudal co-existence alongside advanced technology pioneered within the "Barsoom" series.
In 1989 Larry Niven and Steven Barnes published "The Barsoom Project", where a futuristic form of live action role-playing games (LARPs) is based on the "Barsoom" books.
The Mars-based novels of Kim Stanley Robinson (published from 1992 to 1999) also offer several nods in Burroughs' direction.
The 2008 novel In the Courts of the Crimson Kings by S.F. writer S. M. Stirling is an alternate telling of the "Princess of Mars" story but this time the princess is a very powerful character indeed.
DC Comics character Adam Strange's method of transportation, the Zeta Beam, recalls the way Carter is transported to Mars.
In the Commonwealth Saga novels by Peter F. Hamilton a group of humans who undertake unprecedented and often illegal genetic modifications of their own bodies are known as the Barsoomians, in apparent reference to Burroughs' creation.
Richard Corben's "Den" series also appears to be inspired by the "Barsoom" series. It features a hero, Den, who mysteriously arrives naked on a (largely) desert planet where he becomes a great warrior and where the humanoids wear no clothes. Many of the creatures resemble the description of the white apes of the "Gods of Mars". Like John Carter, he also receives great physical prowess from arriving in Neverwhere, although Carter's prowess stems from gravity, whereas Den undergoes a complete physical transformation.
In Stephen King's novel "", Eddie Dean compares the All-World and the quest for the Dark Tower to a "Barsoom" novel.
The John Carter of Mars series was also felt to be one of the inspirations for the Dark Sun Dungeons & Dragons game world setting.
In A Wizard of Mars by Diane Duane, the main character Kit is a major fan of the Barsoom series and a long dormant wizard artifact recreates Barsoom as Kit imagines it to communicate with him.
, a short story by George Alec Effinger, published in "", is a crossover between the Barsoom series and H. G. Wells' "The War of the Worlds" - with Wells' Martians being depicted as a malevolent additional Barsoomian race and John Carter fighting them to help foil their invasion of Earth.
In the first chapters of Gore Vidal's novel "Washington, D.C.", the character Peter Sanford - sixteen at the outset of the plot - indulges in vivid and detailed fantasies of being John Carter, and adds explicit erotic scenes not appearing in the original Burroughs books.
Poetry.
The science fiction poems in Oscar Hurtado's book "La Ciudad Muerta de Korad" ("The Dead City of Korad", in Spanish) are full of intertextualities with the "Barsoom" series, as well as with the Sherlock Holmes novels by Arthur Conan Doyle, the Iliad, children folk tales, and other references.
"The Dead City of Korad" was published in 1964 and marks the beginning of the Science Fiction genre in Cuba.
Adaptations.
Comic strips.
With the Tarzan comic strip a popular success, newspapers began a comic strip adaptation of "A Princess of Mars" drawn by Edgar Rice Burroughs' son, John Coleman Burroughs. Never as popular as Tarzan, it ran in only four Sunday newspapers, from December 7, 1941 to March 28, 1943.
John Carter appeared in one of the last Sunday Tarzan comic strip stories, drawn by Gray Morrow.
Film.
"Princess of Mars", was a 2009 direct-to-video film, produced by The Asylum, starring Antonio Sabato Jr. as John Carter, and Traci Lords as Dejah Thoris. This adaptation starts with John Carter as a present day sniper wounded in Afghanistan, and then teleported to another world as a part of a government experiment.
"John Carter", released on March 9, 2012, was a big budget film by The Walt Disney Company, directed by Andrew Stanton and starring Taylor Kitsch as John Carter and Lynn Collins as Dejah Thoris.
Copyright.
The American copyright of the five earliest novels has expired in the United States, and they appear on a number of free e-text sites. However, because they were separately copyrighted in Great Britain, these works remain protected under the Berne Copyright Convention in the UK and throughout much of the world.
The Australian copyright of the remainder, not including "John Carter of Mars" (1964), has also expired and they too appear online.

</doc>
<doc id="18932690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932690" title="Glorianne Stromberg">
Glorianne Stromberg

Ione Glorianne Felice Stromberg is a Canadian securities lawyer, former commissioner of the Ontario Securities Commission, and author of numerous reports, papers and other articles on securities regulation reform in Canada. She is also a frequent media commentator, and public speaker, and has advised retail investors to "streetproof" themselves in their dealings with the financial services industry.
Her reports include Investment Funds in Canada and Consumer Protection, released in 1998, which called for greater transparency and disclosure to retail investors, but she is perhaps best known for her 1995 report on the lack of mutual fund regulation in Canada. The 1995 report triggered the creation of the Mutual Fund Dealers Association of Canada, a self-regulatory organization.
Previously, the mutual fund industry had been mostly unregulated, although their peers in brokerages had long been regulated by the Investment Dealers Association of Canada (now being phased out and replaced by the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada)

</doc>
<doc id="18932700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932700" title="Ruzhintsi">
Ruzhintsi

Ruzhintsi (, pronounced ; also transliterated "Ružinci", "Ruzhinci", "Ruzhintzi", "Rujinci", "Rujintsi", "Rujintzi", etc.) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria, part of Vidin Province. It is the administrative centre of the homonymous Ruzhintsi Municipality, which lies in the southeastern part of Vidin Province. Ruzhintsi is located 54 kilometres from the provincial capital Vidin and 43 kilometres from Montana.
The village may have been founded in the 14th century. There are several etymologies suggested, two from Proto-Indo-European "*h₁reudʰ-ó-" ("red"): from "ruzha" ("rose") or from the dialectal verb "oruzhavam" ("burn down"), and one involving the name of Fruzhin, son of Bulgarian tsar Ivan Shishman and organizer of the anti-Ottoman Uprising of Konstantin and Fruzhin in the early 15th century. The village church was built in 1852 together with a monastical school.
Municipality.
Ruzhintsi municipality has an area of 232 square kilometres and includes the following 10 places:
The municipality is mainly agricultural. The only river that crosses it is the Lom River, but there are several water reservoirs: at Gyurgich, Drazhintsi and Drenovets, with two smaller ones at Gyurgich and Belo Pole. A sight in the area is the Dobri Dol Monastery, founded in the 11th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18932702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932702" title="Alan Moore">
Alan Moore

Alan Moore (born 18 November 1953) is an English writer primarily known for his work in comic books, a medium where he has produced series including "Watchmen", "V for Vendetta", and "From Hell". Frequently described as the best graphic novel writer in history, he has also been described as "one of the most important British writers of the last fifty years". He has occasionally used such pseudonyms as Curt Vile, Jill de Ray, and Translucia Baboon. Marvel Comics' 2013 reprints of Moore's original Miracleman stories credit him as The Original Writer.
Moore started out writing for British underground and alternative fanzines in the late 1970s before achieving success publishing comic strips in such magazines as "2000 AD" and "Warrior". He was subsequently picked up by the American DC Comics, and as "the first comics writer living in Britain to do prominent work in America", he worked on big name characters such as Batman (') and Superman ('), substantially developed the character Swamp Thing, and penned original titles such as "Watchmen". During that decade, Moore helped to bring about greater social respectability for the medium in the United States and United Kingdom. He prefers the term "comic" to "graphic novel." In the late 1980s and early 1990s he left the comic industry mainstream and went independent for a while, working on experimental work such as the epic "From Hell", the pornographic "Lost Girls", and the prose novel "Voice of the Fire". He subsequently returned to the mainstream later in the 1990s, working for Image Comics, before developing America's Best Comics, an imprint through which he published works such as "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen" and the occult-based "Promethea".
Moore is an occultist, ceremonial magician, and anarchist, and has featured such themes in works including "Promethea", "From Hell", and "V for Vendetta", as well as performing avant-garde spoken word occult "workings" with The Moon and Serpent Grand Egyptian Theatre of Marvels, some of which have been released on CD.
Despite his own personal objections, his books have provided the basis for a number of Hollywood films, including "From Hell" (2001), "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen" (2003), "V for Vendetta" (2005), and "Watchmen" (2009). Moore has also been referenced in popular culture, and has been recognized as an influence on a variety of literary and television figures including Neil Gaiman, Joss Whedon and Damon Lindelof.
Early life.
Moore was born on 18 November 1953, at St. Edmond’s Hospital in Northampton, Northamptonshire, England, to a working-class family whom he believed had lived in the town for several generations. He subsequently grew up in a part of Northampton known as The Boroughs, a poverty-stricken area with a lack of facilities and high levels of illiteracy, but he nonetheless "loved it. I loved the people. I loved the community and… I didn’t know that there was anything else." He lived in his house with his parents, brewery worker Ernest Moore, and printer Sylvia Doreen, along with his younger brother Mike and his maternal grandmother. He "read omnivorously" from the age of five, getting books out of the local library, and subsequently attended Spring Lane Primary School. At the same time, he began reading comic strips, initially British strips, such as "Topper" and "The Beezer", but eventually also American imports such as "Flash", "Detective Comics", "Fantastic Four", and "Blackhawk". He later passed his eleven plus exam, and was therefore eligible to go to Northampton Grammar School, where he first came into contact with people who were middle class and better educated, and he was shocked at how he went from being one of the top pupils at his primary school to one of the lowest in the class at secondary. Subsequently disliking school and having "no interest in academic study", he believed that there was a "covert curriculum" being taught that was designed to indoctrinate children with "punctuality, obedience and the acceptance of monotony".
In the late 1960s Moore began publishing his own poetry and essays in fanzines, eventually setting up his own fanzine, "Embryo". Through "Embryo", Moore became involved in a group known as the Arts Lab. The Arts Lab subsequently made significant contributions to the magazine. He began dealing the hallucinogenic LSD at school, being expelled for doing so in 1970 – he later described himself as "one of the world's most inept LSD dealers". The headmaster of the school subsequently "got in touch with various other academic establishments that I'd applied to and told them not to accept me because I was a danger to the moral well-being of the rest of the students there, which was possibly true."
Whilst continuing to live in his parents' home for a few more years, he moved through various jobs, including cleaning toilets and working in a tannery. Around 1971, he met and began a relationship with a Northampton-born girl named Phyllis, with whom he moved into "a little one-room flat in the Barrack Road area in Northampton". Soon marrying, they moved into a new council estate in the town's eastern district while he worked in an office for a sub-contractor of the local gas board. However, Moore felt that he was not being fulfilled by this job, and so decided to try to earn a living doing something more artistic.
Career.
Early career: 1978–1980.
Abandoning his office job, he decided to instead take up both writing and illustrating his own comics. He had already produced a couple of strips for several alternative fanzines and magazines, such as "Anon E. Mouse" for the local paper "Anon", and "St. Pancras Panda", a parody of Paddington Bear, for the Oxford-based "Back Street Bugle". His first paid work was for a few drawings that were printed in "NME" music magazine, and not long after he succeeded in getting a series about a private detective known as "Roscoe Moscow" published using the pseudonym of Curt Vile (a pun on the name of composer Kurt Weill) in the weekly music magazine "Sounds", earning £35 a week. Alongside this, he and Phyllis, along with their newly-born daughter Leah, began claiming unemployment benefit to supplement this income. Not long after this, in 1979 he also began publishing a new comic strip known as "Maxwell the Magic Cat" in the "Northants Post", under the pseudonym of Jill de Ray (a pun on the Medieval child-murderer Gilles de Rais, something he found to be a "sardonic joke"). Earning a further £10 a week from this, he decided to sign off of social security, and would continue writing "Maxwell the Magic Cat" until 1986. Moore has stated that he would have been happy to continue Maxwell's adventures almost indefinitely, but ended the strip after the newspaper ran a negative editorial on the place of homosexuals in the community. Meanwhile, Moore decided to focus more fully on writing comics rather than both writing and drawing them, stating that "After I'd been doing for a couple of years, I realised that I would never be able to draw well enough and/or quickly enough to actually make any kind of decent living as an artist."
To learn more about how to write a successful comic-book script, he asked advice from his friend, comic-book writer Steve Moore, whom he had known since he was fourteen. Interested in writing for "2000AD", one of Britain's most prominent comic magazines, Alan Moore then submitted a script for their long running and successful series "Judge Dredd". Whilst having no need for another writer on "Judge Dredd", which was already being written by John Wagner, "2000AD"'s editor Alan Grant saw promise in Moore's work – later remarking that "this guy's a really fucking good writer" – and instead asked him to write some short stories for the publication's "Future Shocks" series. While the first few were rejected, Grant advised Moore on improvements, and eventually accepted the first of many. Meanwhile, Moore had also begun writing minor stories for "Doctor Who Weekly", and later commented that "I really, really wanted a regular strip. I didn’t want to do short stories… But that wasn't what was being offered. I was being offered short four or five page stories where everything had to be done in those five pages. And, looking back, it was the best possible education that I could have had in how to construct a story."
Marvel UK, "2000AD", and "Warrior": 1980–1984.
From 1980 through to 1984, Moore maintained his status as a freelance writer, and was offered a spate of work by a variety of comic book companies in Britain, namely Marvel UK, and the publishers of "2000AD" and "Warrior". He later remarked that "I remember that what was generally happening was that everybody wanted to give me work, for fear that I would just be given other work by their rivals. So everybody was offering me things." It was an era when comic books were increasing in popularity in Britain, and according to Lance Parkin, "the British comics scene was cohering as never before, and it was clear that the audience was sticking with the title as they grew up. Comics were no longer just for very small boys: teenagers – even A-level and university students – were reading them now."
During this three-year period, "2000AD" would accept and publish over fifty of Moore's one-off stories for their "Future Shocks" and "Time Twisters" science fiction series. The editors at the magazine were impressed by Moore's work and decided to offer him a more permanent strip, starting with a story that they wanted to be vaguely based upon the hit film "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial". The result, "Skizz", which was illustrated by Jim Baikie, told the story of the titular alien who crashes to Earth and is cared for by a woman named Roxy, and Moore later noted that in his opinion, this work "owes far too much to Alan Bleasdale." Another series he produced for "2000AD" was "D.R. and Quinch", which was illustrated by Alan Davis. The story, which Moore described as "continuing the tradition of Dennis the Menace, but giving him a thermonuclear capacity", revolved around two delinquent aliens, and was a science-fiction take on "National Lampoon"'s characters O.C. and Stiggs. However, the work widely considered to be the highlight of his "2000AD" career, and that he himself described as "the one that worked best for me" was "The Ballad of Halo Jones", the first series in the magazine to be based around a female character, which Moore did deliberately. Co-created with artist Ian Gibson, the series was set in the 50th century. It finished before all the episodes were written.
Another comic company to employ Moore was Marvel UK, who had formerly purchased a few of his one-off stories for "Doctor Who Weekly" and "Star Wars Weekly". Aiming to get an older audience than "2000AD", their main rival, they employed Moore to write for the regular strip "Captain Britain", "halfway through a storyline that he's neither inaugurated nor completely understood." He replaced the former writer Dave Thorpe, but maintained the original artist, Alan Davis, whom Moore described as "an artist whose love for the medium and whose sheer exultation upon finding himself gainfully employed within it shine from every line, every new costume design, each nuance of expression."
The third comic company that Moore worked for in this period was a new monthly magazine known as "Warrior", founded by Dez Skinn, a former editor of both IPC (publishers of "2000 AD") and Marvel UK, that was designed to offer writers a greater degree of freedom over their artistic creations than was allowed by pre-existing companies, and it was at "Warrior" that Moore "would start to reach his potential". Moore was initially given two ongoing strips in "Warrior": "Marvelman" and "V for Vendetta", both of which debuted in "Warrior"'s first issue in March 1982. "V for Vendetta" was a dystopian thriller set in a future 1997 where a fascist government controlled Britain, opposed only by a lone anarchist dressed in a Guy Fawkes costume who turns to terrorism to topple the government. Illustrated by David Lloyd, Moore was influenced by his pessimistic feelings about the Thatcherite Conservative government, which he projected forward as a fascist state in which all ethnic and sexual minorities had been eliminated. It has been regarded as "among Moore's best work" and has maintained a cult following throughout subsequent decades.
"Marvelman" (later retitled "Miracleman" for legal reasons) was a series that originally had been published in Britain from 1954 through to 1964, based largely upon the American comic "Captain Marvel". Upon resurrecting "Marvelman", Moore "took a kitsch children's character and placed him within the real world of 1982". The work was drawn primarily by Garry Leach and Alan Davis. The third series that Moore produced for "Warrior" was "The Bojeffries Saga", a comedy about a working-class English family of vampires and werewolves, drawn by Steve Parkhouse. "Warrior" closed before these stories were completed, but under new publishers both "Miracleman" and "V for Vendetta" were resumed by Moore, who finished both stories by 1989. Moore's biographer Lance Parkin remarked that "reading them through together throws up some interesting contrasts – in one the hero fights a fascist dictatorship based in London, in the other an Aryan superman imposes one."
Although Moore's work numbered amongst the most popular strips to appear in "2000 AD", Moore himself became increasingly concerned at the lack of creator's rights in British comics. In 1985, he talked to fanzine "Arkensword", noting that he had stopped working for all British publishers bar IPC, "purely for the reason that IPC so far have avoided lying to me, cheating me or generally treating me like shit." He did, however, join other creators in decrying the wholesale relinquishing of all rights, and in 1986 stopped writing for "2000 AD", leaving mooted future volumes of the "Halo Jones" story unstarted. Moore's outspoken opinions and principles, particularly on the subject of creator's rights and ownership, would see him burn bridges with a number of other publishers over the course of his career.
Meanwhile, during this same period, he – using the pseudonym of Translucia Baboon – became involved in the music scene, founding his own band, The Sinister Ducks, with David J (of goth band Bauhaus) and Alex Green, and in 1983 released a single, "March of the Sinister Ducks", with sleeve art by illustrator Kevin O'Neill. In 1984, Moore and David J also released a 12-inch single featuring a recording of "This Vicious Cabaret", a song featured in "V for Vendetta", which was released on the Glass Records label. Moore would also write the song "Leopardman At C&A" for David J, and it would be set to music by Mick Collins for the album "We Have You Surrounded" by Collins' group The Dirtbombs.
The American mainstream and DC Comics: 1983–1988.
Moore's work in "2000 AD" brought him to the attention of DC Comics editor Len Wein, who hired him in 1983 to write "Swamp Thing", then a formulaic and poor-selling monster comic. Moore, along with artists Stephen R. Bissette, Rick Veitch, and John Totleben, deconstructed and reimagined the character, writing a series of formally experimental stories that addressed environmental and social issues alongside the horror and fantasy, bolstered by research into the culture of Louisiana, where the series was set. For "Swamp Thing" he revived many of DC's neglected magical and supernatural characters, including the Spectre, the Demon, the Phantom Stranger, Deadman, and others, and introduced John Constantine, an English working-class magician based visually on the British musician Sting, which later became the protagonist of the series "Hellblazer", which became Vertigo's longest running series at 300 issues. Moore would continue writing "Swamp Thing" for about three years, from issue No. 20 (January 1984) through to issue No. 64 (September 1987) with the exception of issues No. 59 and #62. Moore's run on "Swamp Thing" was successful both critically and commercially, and inspired DC to recruit European and particularly British writers such as Grant Morrison, Jamie Delano, Peter Milligan, and Neil Gaiman to write comics in a similar vein, often involving radical revamps of obscure characters. These titles laid the foundation of what became the Vertigo line.
Moore began producing further stories for DC Comics, including a two-part story for "Vigilante", which dealt with domestic abuse. He was eventually given the chance to write a story for one of DC's best known superheroes, Superman, entitled "For the Man Who Has Everything", which was illustrated by Dave Gibbons and released in 1985. In this story, Wonder Woman, Batman, and Robin visit Superman on his birthday, only to find that he has been overcome by an alien organism and is hallucinating about his heart's desire. He followed this with another Superman story, "", which was published in 1986. Illustrated by Curt Swan, it was designed as the last Superman story in the pre-"Crisis on Infinite Earths" DC Universe.
1988 saw the publication of a Batman story written by Moore and illustrated by Brian Bolland. Entitled ', it revolved around The Joker, who had escaped Arkham Asylum and gone on a killing spree, and Batman's effort to stop him. Despite being a key work in helping to redefine Batman as a character, along with Frank Miller's "The Dark Knight Returns" and ', Lance Parkin believed that "the theme isn’t developed enough" and "it's a rare example of a Moore story where the art is better than the writing," something Moore himself acknowledges.
The limited series "Watchmen", begun in 1986 and collected as a trade paperback in 1987, cemented Moore's reputation. Imagining what the world would be like if costumed heroes had really existed since the 1940s, Moore and artist Dave Gibbons created a Cold War mystery in which the shadow of nuclear war threatens the world. The heroes who are caught up in this escalating crisis either work for the U.S. government or are outlawed, and are motivated to heroism by their various psychological hang-ups. "Watchmen" is non-linear and told from multiple points of view, and includes formal experiments such as the symmetrical design of issue 5, "Fearful Symmetry", where the last page is a near mirror-image of the first, the second-last of the second, and so on, and in this manner is an early example of Moore's interest in the human perception of time and its implications for free will. It is the only comic to win the Hugo Award, in a one-time category ("Best Other Form"). It is widely seen as Moore's best work, and has been regularly described as the greatest comic book ever written. Alongside roughly contemporary works such as Frank Miller's "", Art Spiegelman's "Maus", and Jaime and Gilbert Hernandez's "Love and Rockets", "Watchmen" was part of a late 1980s trend in American comics towards more adult sensibilities. Moore briefly became a media celebrity, and the resulting attention led to him withdrawing from fandom and no longer attending comics conventions (at one UKCAC in London he is said to have been followed into the toilet by eager autograph hunters).
In 1987 Moore submitted a proposal for a miniseries called "Twilight of the Superheroes", the title a twist on Richard Wagner's opera "Götterdämmerung" (meaning "Twilight of the Gods"). The series was set in the future of the DC Universe, where the world is ruled by superheroic dynasties, including the House of Steel (presided over by Superman and Wonder Woman) and the House of Thunder (led by the Captain Marvel family). These two houses are about to unite through a dynastic marriage, their combined power potentially threatening freedom, and several characters, including John Constantine, attempt to stop it and free humanity from the power of superheroes. The series would also have restored the DC Universe's multiple earths, which had been eliminated in the continuity-revising 1985 miniseries "Crisis on Infinite Earths". The series was never commissioned, but copies of Moore's detailed notes have appeared on the Internet and in print despite the efforts of DC, who consider the proposal their property. Similar elements, such as the concept of hypertime, have since appeared in DC comics. The 1996 miniseries "Kingdom Come" by Mark Waid and Alex Ross, was also set amid a superheroic conflict in the future of the DC universe. Waid and Ross have stated that they had read the "Twilight" proposal before starting work on their series, but that any similarities are both minor and unintended.
Moore's relationship with DC Comics had gradually deteriorated over the issues of creator's rights and merchandising. Moore and Gibbons were not paid any royalties for a "Watchmen" spin-off badge set, as DC defined them as a "promotional item", and according to certain reports, he and Gibbons gained only 2% of the profits earned by DC for "Watchmen". Meanwhile, a group of creators including Moore, Frank Miller, Marv Wolfman, and Howard Chaykin, fell out with DC over a proposed age-rating system similar to those used for films. After completing "V for Vendetta", which DC had already begun publishing, thus enabling him to finish the final few episodes, in 1989, Moore stopped working for DC.
Independent period and Mad Love: 1988–1993.
Abandoning DC Comics and the mainstream, Moore, along with his wife Phyllis and their mutual lover Deborah Delano, set up their own comics publishing company, which they named Mad Love. The works that they published in Mad Love turned away from the science fiction and superhero genres that Moore was used to writing, instead focusing on realism, ordinary people, and political causes. Mad Love's first publication, "AARGH (Artists Against Rampant Government Homophobia)", was an anthology of work by a number of writers (including Moore) that challenged the Thatcher government's recently introduced Clause 28, a law designed to prevent councils and schools "promoting homosexuality". Sales from the book went towards the Organisation of Lesbian and Gay Action, and Moore was "very pleased with" it, stating that "we hadn't prevented this bill from becoming law, but we had joined in the general uproar against it, which prevented it from ever becoming as viciously effective as its designers might have hoped." Moore followed this with a second political work, "Shadowplay: The Secret Team", a comic illustrated by Bill Sienkiewicz for Eclipse Comics and commissioned by the Christic Institute, which was included as a part of the anthology "Brought to Light", a description of the CIA's covert drug smuggling and arms dealing.
After prompting by cartoonist and self-publishing advocate Dave Sim, Moore then used Mad Love to publish his next project, "Big Numbers", a proposed 12-issue series set in "a hardly-disguised version of Moore's native Northampton" known as Hampton, and deals with the effects of big business on ordinary people and also with ideas of chaos theory. Illustration of the comic was begun by Bill Sienkiewicz, who left the series after only two issues in 1990, and despite plans that his assistant, Al Columbia, would replace him, it never occurred and the series remained unfinished. Following this, in 1991 the company Victor Gollancz Ltd published Moore's "A Small Killing", a full length story illustrated by Oscar Zarate, about a once idealistic advertising executive haunted by his boyhood self. According to Lance Parkin, "A Small Killing" is "quite possibly Moore's most underrated work." Soon after this, Mad Love itself was disbanded as Phyllis and Deborah ended their relationship with Moore, taking with them much of the money that he had earned from his work in the 1980s.
Meanwhile, Moore also began producing work for "Taboo", a small independent comic anthology edited by his former collaborator Stephen R. Bissette. The first of these was "From Hell", a fictionalised account of the Jack the Ripper murders of the 1880s. Inspired by Douglas Adams' novel "Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency", Moore reasoned that to solve a crime holistically, one would need to solve the entire society it occurred in, and depicts the murders as a consequence of the politics and economics of the time. Just about every notable figure of the period is connected with the events in some way, including "Elephant Man" Joseph Merrick, Oscar Wilde, Native American writer Black Elk, William Morris, artist Walter Sickert, and Aleister Crowley, who makes a brief appearance as a young boy. Illustrated in a sooty pen and ink style by Eddie Campbell, "From Hell" took nearly ten years to complete, outlasting "Taboo" and going through two more publishers before being collected as a trade paperback by Eddie Campbell Comics. It was widely praised, with comics author Warren Ellis calling it "my all-time favourite graphic novel".
The other series that Moore began for "Taboo" was "Lost Girls", which he described as a work of intelligent "pornography". Illustrated by Melinda Gebbie, whom Moore subsequently entered into a relationship with, it was set in 1913, where Alice from "Alice in Wonderland", Dorothy from "The Wizard of Oz" and Wendy from "Peter Pan" – who are each of a different age and class – all meet in a European hotel and regale each other with tales of their sexual encounters. With the work, Moore wanted to attempt something innovative in comics, and believed that creating comics pornography was a way of achieving this. He remarked that "I had a lot of different ideas as to how it might be possible to do an up-front sexual comic strip and to do it in a way that would remove a lot of what I saw were the problems with pornography in general. That it's mostly ugly, it's mostly boring, it's not inventive – it has no standards." Like "From Hell", "Lost Girls" outlasted "Taboo", and a few subsequent instalments were published erratically until the work was finished and a complete edition published in 2006.
Meanwhile, Moore also set about writing a prose novel, eventually producing "Voice of the Fire", which would be published in 1996. Unconventional in tone, the novel was a set of short stories about linked events in his hometown of Northampton through the centuries, from the Bronze Age to the present day, which combined to tell a larger story.
Return to the mainstream and Image Comics: 1993–1998.
In 1993 Moore declared himself to be a ceremonial magician. The same year marked a move by Moore back to the mainstream comics industry and back to writing superhero comics. He did so through the Image Comics, widely known at the time for its flashy artistic style, graphic violence, and scantily-clad large-breasted women, something that horrified many of his fans. His first work published by Image, an issue of the series "Spawn", was soon followed by the creation of his own mini-series, "1963", which was "a pastiche of Jack Kirby stories drawn for Marvel in the sixties, with their rather overblown style, colourful characters and cosmic style." According to Moore, "after I'd done the "1963" stuff I'd become aware of how much the comic audience had changed while I'd been away 1988. That all of a sudden it seemed that the bulk of the audience really wanted things that had almost no story, just lots of big, full-page pin-up sort of pieces of artwork. And I was genuinely interested to see if I could write a decent story for that market."
He subsequently set about writing what he saw as "better than average stories for 13- to 15-year olds", including three mini-series based upon the "Spawn" series: "Violator", "Violator/Badrock", and "Spawn: Blood Feud". In 1995, he was also given control of a regular monthly comic, Jim Lee's "WildC.A.T.S.", starting from issue #21, which he would continue to write for fourteen issues. The series followed two groups of superheroes, one of whom are on a spaceship heading back to their home planet, and the others who are instead remaining on Earth. Moore's biographer Lance Parkin remarked critically of the series, feeling that it was one of Moore's worst, and that "you feel Moore should be better than this. It's not special." Moore himself, who remarked that he took on the series – his only regular monthly comic series since "Swamp Thing" – largely because he liked Jim Lee, admitted that he was not entirely happy with the work, believing that he had catered too much to his conceptions of what the fans wanted rather than being innovative.
Next he took over Rob Liefeld's "Supreme", about a character with many similarities with DC Comics’ Superman. Instead of emphasising increased realism as he had done with earlier superhero comics he had taken over, Moore did the opposite, and began basing the series on the Silver Age Superman comics of the 1960s, introducing a female superhero Suprema, a super-dog Radar, and a Kryptonite-like material known as Supremium, in doing so harking back to the original "mythic" figure of the American superhero. Under Moore, Supreme would prove to be a critical and commercial success, announcing that he was back in the mainstream after several years of self-imposed exile.
When Rob Liefeld, one of Image's co-founders, split from the publisher and formed his own company Awesome Entertainment, he hired Moore to create a new universe for the characters he had brought with him from Image. Moore's "solution was breathtaking and cocky – he created a long and distinguished history for these new characters, retro-fitting a fake silver and gold age for them." Moore began writing comics for many of these characters, such as "Glory" and "Youngblood", as well as a three-part mini-series known as "Judgement Day" to provide a basis for the Awesome Universe. However Moore was not satisfied with Liefeld, saying "I just got fed up with the unreliability of information that I get from him, that I didn't trust him. I didn't think that he was respecting the work and I found it hard to respect him. And also by then I was probably feeling that with the exception of Jim Lee, Jim Valentino – people like that – that a couple of the Image partners were seeming, to my eyes, to be less than gentlemen. They were seeming to be not necessarily the people I wanted to deal with."
America's Best Comics: 1999–2008.
Image partner Jim Lee offered to provide Moore with his own imprint, which would be under Lee's company WildStorm Productions. Moore named this imprint America's Best Comics, lining up a series of artists and writers to assist him in this venture. However, Lee soon sold WildStorm – including America's Best Comics – to DC Comics, and "Moore found himself back with a company he'd vowed to never work with again". Lee and editor Scott Dunbier flew to England personally to reassure Moore that he would not be affected by the sale, and would not have to deal with DC directly. Moore decided that there were too many people involved to back out from the project, and so ABC was launched in early 1999.
The first series published by ABC was "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen", which featured a variety of characters from Victorian adventure novels, such as H. Rider Haggard's Allan Quatermain, H. G. Wells' Invisible Man, Jules Verne's Captain Nemo, Robert Louis Stevenson's Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, and Wilhelmina Murray from Bram Stoker's "Dracula". Illustrated by Kevin O'Neill, the first volume of the series pitted the League against Professor Moriarty from the "Sherlock Holmes" books; the second, against the Martians from "The War of the Worlds". A third volume entitled "The Black Dossier" was set in the 1950s. The series was well received, and Moore was pleased that an American audience was enjoying something he considered "perversely English", and that it was inspiring some readers to get interested in Victorian literature.
Another of Moore's ABC works was "Tom Strong", a post-modern superhero series, featured a hero inspired by characters pre-dating Superman, such as Doc Savage and Tarzan. The character's drug-induced longevity allowed Moore to include flashbacks to Strong's adventures throughout the 20th century, written and drawn in period styles, as a comment on the history of comics and pulp fiction. The primary artist was Chris Sprouse. "Tom Strong" bore many similarities to Moore's earlier work on "Supreme", but according to Lance Parkin, was "more subtle", and was "ABC's most accessible comic."
Moore's "Top 10", a deadpan police procedural comedy set in a city called Neopolis where everyone, including the police, criminals, and civilians has super-powers, costumes, and secret identities, was drawn by Gene Ha and Zander Cannon. The series ended after twelve issues, but has spawned four spin-offs: a miniseries "Smax", which was set in a fantasy realm and drawn by Cannon; ', a prequel to the main "Top Ten" series drawn by Ha; and two sequel miniseries, ', which was written by Paul Di Filippo and drawn by Jerry Ordway, and "Top 10: Season Two", written by Cannon and drawn by Ha.
Moore's series "Promethea", which told the story of a teenage girl, Sophie Bangs, who is possessed by an ancient pagan goddess, the titular Promethea, explored many occult themes, particularly the Qabalah and the concept of magic, with Moore stating that "I wanted to be able to do an occult comic that didn't portray the occult as a dark, scary place, because that's not my experience of it… ["Promethea" was] more psychedelic… more sophisticated, more experimental, more ecstatic and exuberant." Drawn by J.H. Williams III, it has been described as "a personal statement" from Moore, being one of his most personal works, and that it encompasses "a belief system, a personal cosmology".
ABC Comics was also used to publish an anthology series, "Tomorrow Stories", which featured a regular cast of characters such as Cobweb, First American, Greyshirt, Jack B. Quick, and Splash Brannigan. "Tomorrow Stories" was notable for being an anthology series, a medium that had largely died out in American comics at the time.
However, despite the assurances that DC Comics would not interfere with Moore and his work, they subsequently did so, angering him. Specifically, in "League of Extraordinary Gentlemen" #5, an authentic vintage advertisement for a "Marvel"-brand douche caused DC executive Paul Levitz to order the entire print run destroyed and reprinted with the advertisement amended to "Amaze", to avoid friction with DC's competitor Marvel Comics. A "Cobweb" story Moore wrote for "Tomorrow Stories" No. 8 featuring references to L. Ron Hubbard, American occultist Jack Parsons, and the "Babalon Working", was blocked by DC Comics due to the subject matter. Ironically, it was later revealed that they had already published a version of the same event in their Paradox Press volume "The Big Book of Conspiracies".
In 2003, a documentary about him was made by Shadowsnake Films, titled "The Mindscape of Alan Moore", which was later released on DVD.
Return to independence: 2009–present.
With many of the stories he had planned for America's Best Comics brought to an end, and with his increasing dissatisfaction with how DC Comics were interfering with his work, he decided to once more pull out of the comics mainstream. Speaking to Bill Baker in 2005, he remarked that "I love the comics medium. I pretty much detest the comics industry. Give it another 15 months, I'll probably be pulling out of mainstream, commercial comics." The only ABC title continued by Moore was "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen"; after cutting ties with DC he launched the new "League" saga, "", in a co-publishing partnership of Top Shelf Productions and Knockabout Comics, the first part released in 2009, the second in 2011 and the third released in 2012.
In 2006, the complete edition of "Lost Girls" was published, as a slipcased set of three hardcover volumes. The same year Moore published an eight-page article tracing out the history of pornography in which he argued that a society's vibrancy and success are related to its permissiveness in sexual matters. Decrying that the consumption of contemporary ubiquitous pornography was still widely considered shameful, he called for a new and more artistic pornography that could be openly discussed and would have a beneficial impact on society. He expanded on this for a 2009 book-length essay entitled "25,000 years of Erotic Freedom", which was described by a reviewer as "a tremendously witty history lecture – a sort of Horrible Histories for grownups."
In 2007 Moore appeared in animated form in an episode of "The Simpsons" – a show he is a fan of – entitled "Husbands and Knives", which aired on his fifty-fourth birthday.
In 2010 Moore began what he described as "the 21st century's first underground magazine". Titled "Dodgem Logic", the bi-monthly publication consists of work by a number of Northampton-based authors and artists, as well as original contributions from Moore.
In January 2011, the fourth and final issue of Moore's "Neonomicon" was released by Avatar Press. This horror mini-series is set in the H. P. Lovecraft universe, and like "The Courtyard", is illustrated by Jacen Burrows.
Moore has appeared live at music events collaborating with a number of different musicians, with a forthcoming appearance with Stephen O'Malley confirmed for the ATP 'I'll Be Your Mirror' music festival in London.
A planned future project is an occult textbook known as "The Moon and Serpent Bumper Book of Magic", written with Steve Moore. It will be published by Top Shelf in "the future". He is also currently working on a second novel, "Jerusalem", which will again be set in Northampton.
Both Alan Moore and David Lloyd have joined the Occupy Comics Kickstarter project. Moore is said to contribute a long-form prose piece, possibly illustrated.
Work.
Themes.
In a number of his comics, where he was taking over from earlier writers, including "Marvelman", "Swamp Thing", and "Supreme", he used the "familiar tactic of wiping out what had gone before, giving the hero amnesia and revealing that everything we'd learned to that point was a lie." In this manner he was largely able to start afresh with the character and their series and was not constrained by earlier canon. While commenting on the artistic restrictiveness of serialized comic books, Joe Rubinstein gave the example that a comics creator would be limited in what he could do with Spider-Man, and added, "unless you're Alan Moore, who would probably kill him and bring him back as a real spider or something".
As a comics writer, Moore applies literary sensibilities to the mainstream of the medium as well as including challenging subject matter and adult themes. He brings a wide range of influences to his work, such as William S. Burroughs, Thomas Pynchon, Robert Anton Wilson and Iain Sinclair, New Wave science fiction writers like Michael Moorcock and horror writers like Clive Barker. Influences within comics include Will Eisner, Harvey Kurtzman, Jack Kirby, and Bryan Talbot.
Recognition and awards.
Moore's work in the comic book medium has been widely recognised by his peers and by critics. George Khoury asserted that "to call this free spirit the best writer in the history of comic books is an understatement" whilst interviewer Steve Rose referred to him as "the Orson Welles of comics" who is "the undisputed high priest of the medium, whose every word is seized upon like a message from the ether" by comic book fans. Douglas Wolk observed: "Moore has undisputably made it into the Hall of Fame: he's one of the pillars of English language comics, alongside Jack Kirby and Will Eisner and Harvey Kurtzman and not many others. He's also the grand exception in that hall, since the other pillars are artists – and more often than not, writer/artists. Moore is a writer almost exclusively, though his hyper detailed scripts always play to the strengths of the artists he works with. That makes him the chief monkey wrench in comics author theory. The main reason that almost nobody's willing to say that a single cartoonist is "categorically" superior to a writer/artist team is that such a rule would run smack into Moore's bibliography. In fact, a handful of cartoonists who almost always write the stories they draw have made exceptions for Moore – Jaime Hernandez, Mark Beyer and most memorably Eddie Campbell."
Moore has won numerous Jack Kirby Awards during his career, including for Best Single Issue for "Swamp Thing Annual" No. 2 in 1985 with John Totleben and Steve Bissette, for Best Continuing Series for "Swamp Thing" in 1985, 1986 and 1987 with Totleben and Bissette, Best Writer for "Swamp Thing" in 1985 and 1986 and for "Watchmen" in 1987, and with Dave Gibbons for Best Finite Series and Best Writer/Artist (Single or Team) for "Watchmen" in 1987.
Moore has won multiple Eagle Awards, including virtually a "clean sweep" in 1986 for his work on "Watchmen" and "Swamp Thing". Moore not only won "favourite writer in both the US and UK categories", but had his work win for favourite comic book, supporting character, and new title in the US; and character, continuing story and "character worthy of own title" in the UK (in which last category his works held all top three spots).
Moore has been nominated for the Comics Buyer's Guide Fan Awards several times, winning for Favorite Writer in 1985, 1986, 1987, 1999, and 2000. Also, he won the CBG Fan Award for Favorite Comic Book Story ("Watchmen") in 1987 and Favorite Original Graphic Novel or Album ("" with Brian Bolland) in 1988.
He received the Harvey Award for Best Writer for 1988 (for "Watchmen"), for 1995 and 1996 (for "From Hell"), for 1999 (for his body of work, including "From Hell" and "Supreme"), for 2000 (for "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen"), and for 2001 and 2003 (for "Promethea").
He has received the Eisner Award for Best Writer nine times since 1988, and among his numerous international prizes are the German Max & Moritz Prize for an exceptional oeuvre (2008) and the British National Comics Award for Best Comics Writer Ever (in 2001 and 2002). He also won French awards like the Angoulême International Comics Festival Prize for Best Album for "Watchmen" in 1989 and "V for Vendetta" in 1990, and the Prix de la critique for "From Hell" in 2001, the Swedish Urhunden Prize in 1992 for "Watchmen" and several Spanish Haxtur Awards, in 1988 for "Watchmen" and 1989 for "Swamp Thing" No. 5 (both for Best Writer).
Moore was also lauded outside the world of comics. In 1988, Moore and artist Dave Gibbons won a Hugo Award in the category Other Forms for "Watchmen". The category was created for that year only, via a rarely-used provision that allows the Committee of the Worldcon to create any temporary Additional Category it feels appropriate (no subsequent committee has repeated this category).
In 1988 he received a World Fantasy Award for Best Novella for "A Hypothetical Lizard", which Avatar Press published in 2004 as a comics adaption by Antony Johnston. Moore also won two International Horror Guild Awards in the category Graphic Story/Illustrated Narrative (in 1995 with Eddie Campbell for "From Hell" and in 2003 with Kevin O'Neill for "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen") and in 2000 "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen" landed a Bram Stoker Award in the category Best Illustrated Narrative.
In 2005, "Watchmen" was the only graphic novel to make it onto Time Magazine's "All-Time 100 Novels" list.
Since 2009 Moore has been a panelist on the BBC Radio 4 programme "The Infinite Monkey Cage", which is hosted by physicist Brian Cox and comedian Robin Ince.
Film adaptations.
Due to the success of his comics, a number of filmmakers have expressed a desire to make film adaptations over the years. However, Moore himself has consistently opposed such ventures, stating that "I wanted to give comics a special place when I was writing things like "Watchmen". I wanted to show off just what the possibilities of the comic book medium were, and films are completely different." Expressing similar sentiments, he also remarked that "If we only see comics in relation to movies then the best that they will ever be is films that do not move. I found it, in the mid 80s, preferable to concentrate on those things that only comics could achieve. The way in which a tremendous amount of information could be included visually in every panel, the juxtapositions between what a character was saying, and what the image that the reader was looking at would be. So in a sense… most of my work from the 80s onwards was designed to be un-filmable."
The first film to be based upon Moore's work was "From Hell" in 2001, which was directed by the Hughes Brothers. The film made a number of radical differences from the original comic, altering the main character from an older, conservative detective to a young character played by Johnny Depp. This was followed in 2003 with "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen", a film that departed radically from the books, changing the ending from a mob war over the skies of London to the infiltration of a secret base in Tibet. For these two works, Moore was content to allow the filmmakers to do whatever they wished and removed himself from the process entirely. "As long as I could distance myself by not seeing them," he said, he could profit from the films while leaving the original comics untouched, "assured no one would confuse the two. This was probably naïve on my part." His attitude changed after producer Martin Poll and screenwriter Larry Cohen filed a lawsuit against 20th Century Fox, alleging that the film "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen" plagiarised an unproduced script they had written entitled "Cast of Characters". Although the two scripts bear many similarities, most of them are elements that were added for the film and do not originate in Moore's comics. According to Moore, "They seemed to believe that the head of 20th Century Fox called me up and persuaded me to steal this screenplay, turning it into a comic book they could then adapt back into a movie, to camouflage petty larceny." Moore testified in a deposition, a process he found so unpleasant that he surmised he would have been better treated had he "molested and murdered a busload of retarded children after giving them heroin". Fox's settlement of the case insulted Moore, who interpreted it as an admission of guilt. In 2012, Moore claimed that he had sold the rights to these two works simply for the money; he did not expect the films ever to be made. He was simply "getting money for old rope". To date, Moore has seen neither film.
In 2005, a film adaptation of Moore's "V for Vendetta" was released, produced by The Wachowskis and directed by James McTeigue. Producer Joel Silver said at a press conference for the Warner Bros.' "V for Vendetta" that fellow producer Lana Wachowski had talked with Moore, and that "was very excited about what [Lana had to say." Moore disputed this, reporting that he told Wachowski "I didn't want anything to do with films... I wasn't interested in Hollywood," and demanded that DC Comics force Warner Bros to issue a public retraction and apology for Silver's "blatant lies". Although Silver called Moore directly to apologise, no public retraction appeared. Moore was quoted as saying that the comic book had been "specifically about things like fascism and anarchy. Those words, 'fascism' and 'anarchy,' occur nowhere in the film. It's been turned into a Bush-era parable by people too timid to set a political satire in their own country." This conflict between Moore and DC Comics was the subject of an article in "The New York Times" on 12 March 2006, five days before the USA release. In the "New York Times" article, Silver stated that about 20 years prior to the film's release, he met with Moore and Dave Gibbons when Silver acquired the film rights to "V For Vendetta" and "Watchmen". Silver stated, "Alan was odd, but he was enthusiastic and encouraging us to do this. I had foolishly thought that he would continue feeling that way today, not realising that he wouldn't." Moore did not deny this meeting or Silver's characterisation of Moore at that meeting, nor did Moore state that he advised Silver of his change of opinion in those approximately 20 years. The "New York Times" article also interviewed David Lloyd about Moore's reaction to the film's production, stating, "Mr. Lloyd, the illustrator of "V for Vendetta", also found it difficult to sympathise with Mr. Moore's protests. When he and Mr. Moore sold their film rights to the comic book, Mr. Lloyd said: "We didn't do it innocently. Neither myself nor Alan thought we were signing it over to a board of trustees who would look after it like it was the Dead Sea Scrolls."
Moore has subsequently stated that he wishes his name to be removed from all comic work that he does not own, including "Watchmen" and "V for Vendetta", much as unhappy film directors often choose to have their names removed and be credited as "Alan Smithee". He also announced that he would not allow his name to be used in any future film adaptations of works he does not own, nor would he accept any money from such adaptations. This request was respected by the producers of the subsequent adaptations of his work "Constantine" (2005) (based on a character created by Moore) and "Watchmen" (2009), and his name was removed from the "V for Vendetta" credits.
In a 2012, interview with LeftLion magazine, Alan Moore was asked to put a figure on how much money he had turned down by refusing to be associated with these film adaptations. He estimated it to be 'at least a few million dollars' and said: "You can’t buy that kind of empowerment. To just know that as far as you are aware, you have not got a price; that there is not an amount of money large enough to make you compromise even a tiny bit of principle that, as it turned out, would make no practical difference anyway. I’d advise everyone to do it, otherwise you’re going to end up mastered by money and that’s not a thing you want ruling your life."
Personal life.
Since his teenage years Moore has had long hair, and since early adulthood has also worn a beard. He has taken to wearing a number of large rings on his hands, leading him to be described as a "cross between Hagrid and Danny from "Withnail And I"" who could be easily mistaken for "the village eccentric". Born and raised in Northampton, he continues to live in the town, and used its history as a basis for his novel "Voice of the Fire". His "unassuming terraced" Northampton home was described by an interviewer in 2001 as "something like an occult bookshop under permanent renovation, with records, videos, magical artefacts and comic-book figurines strewn among shelves of mystical tomes and piles of paper. The bathroom, with blue-and-gold décor and a generous sunken tub, is palatial; the rest of the house has possibly never seen a vacuum cleaner. This is clearly a man who spends little time on the material plane." He likes to live in his hometown, feeling that it affords him a level of obscurity that he enjoys, remarking that "I never signed up to be a celebrity." He is also a vegetarian.
With his first wife Phyllis, whom he married in the early 1970s, he has two daughters, Leah and Amber. The couple also had a mutual lover, Deborah, although the relationship between the three ended in the early 1990s as Phyllis and Deborah left Moore, taking his daughters with them. On 12 May 2007, he married Melinda Gebbie, with whom he has worked on several comics, most notably "Lost Girls".
Religion and magic.
In 1993, on his fortieth birthday, Moore openly declared his dedication to being a ceremonial magician, something he saw as "a logical end step to my career as a writer". According to a 2001 interview, his inspiration for doing this came when he was writing "From Hell" in the early 1990s, a book containing much Freemasonic and occult symbolism: "One word balloon in "From Hell" completely hijacked my life… A character says something like, 'The one place gods inarguably exist is in the human mind'. After I wrote that, I realised I'd accidentally made a true statement, and now I'd have to rearrange my entire life around it. The only thing that seemed to really be appropriate was to become a magician." Moore associates magic very much with writing; "I believe that magic is art, and that art, whether that be music, writing, sculpture, or any other form, is literally magic. Art is, like magic, the science of manipulating symbols, words or images, to achieve changes in consciousness… Indeed to cast a spell is simply to spell, to manipulate words, to change people's consciousness, and this is why I believe that an artist or writer is the closest thing in the contemporary world to a shaman."
Connecting his esoteric beliefs with his career in writing, he conceptualised a hypothetical area known as the "Idea Space", describing it as "...a space in which mental events can be said to occur, an idea space which is perhaps universal. Our individual consciousnesses have access to this vast universal space, just as we have individual houses, but the street outside the front door belongs to everybody. It's almost as if ideas are pre-existing forms within this space… The landmasses that might exist in this mind space would be composed entirely of ideas, of concepts, that instead of continents and islands you might have large belief systems, philosophies, Marxism might be one, Judeo-Christian religions might make up another." He subsequently believed that to navigate this space, magical systems like the tarot and the Qabalah would have to be used.
Taking up the study of the Qabalah and the writings of the notorious early 20th century occultist Aleister Crowley, Moore accepted ideas from Crowley's religion, Thelema, about True Will being connected to the will of the pantheistic universe. In some of his earlier magical rituals, he utilised mind altering psychedelic drugs but later gave this up, believing that they were unnecessary, and stated, "It's frightening. You call out the names in this strange incomprehensible language, and you're looking into the glass and there appears to be this little man talking to you. It just works."
Moore took as his primary deity the ancient Roman snake god Glycon, who was the centre of a cult founded by a prophet known as Alexander of Abonoteichus, and according to Alexander's critic Lucian, the god itself was merely a puppet, something Moore accepts, considering him to be a "complete hoax", but dismisses as irrelevant. According to Pagan Studies scholar Ethan Doyle-White, "The very fact that Glycon was probably one big hoax was enough to convince Moore to devote himself to the scaly lord, for, as Moore maintains, the imagination is just as real as reality."
Political views.
Moore politically identifies as an anarchist, and outlined his interpretation of anarchist philosophy, and its application to fiction writing in an interview with Margaret Killjoy, collected in the 2009 book, "Mythmakers and Lawbreakers":
In December 2011, Moore responded to Frank Miller's attack on the Occupy movement, calling his more recent work misogynistic, homophobic and misguided. Worldwide, Occupy protesters have adopted the Guy Fawkes mask from "V for Vendetta". The mask has also been adopted by Anonymous, WikiLeaks, Egyptian revolutionaries, and anti-globalization demonstrators. Moore described Occupy as "ordinary people reclaiming rights which should always have been theirs" and added:
Moore is a member of The Arts Emergency Service, a British charity working with 16-19 year olds in further education from diverse backgrounds.
On conspiracy theories.
Doing research into conspiracy theories for his work on "Brought to Light", Moore came to develop his own opinions on the subject of a global conspiracy, stating that "Yes, there is a conspiracy, indeed there are a great number of conspiracies, all tripping each other up… the main thing that I learned about conspiracy theories is that conspiracy theorists actually believe in the conspiracy because that is more comforting. The truth of the world is that it is chaotic. The truth is, that it is not the Jewish banking conspiracy, or the grey aliens, or the twelve-foot reptiloids from another dimension that are in control, the truth is far more frightening; no-one is in control, the world is rudderless."

</doc>
<doc id="18932705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932705" title="GrandView (software)">
GrandView (software)

GrandView in an outlining and personal information management (PIM) application originally developed by Living Videotext. Living Videotext was acquired by Symantec in 1987. Grandview was sold until the early 1990s and is no longer supported by Symantec.

</doc>
<doc id="18932712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932712" title="Bashir Raghe Shiiraar">
Bashir Raghe Shiiraar

Bashir Rage Shiiraar (born 1965) is a Somali secular warlord and businessman who hails from the Warsangali clan (an Abgaal subclan).
He became a member of the US-backed Alliance for the Restoration of Peace and Counter-Terrorism.
He was the head of the export department of the El-Ma An port which served as Mogadishu's port following the closure of the city's main harbour in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18932718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932718" title="Jack Ramsaur II">
Jack Ramsaur II

Major General Jack W. Ramsaur II (born c. 1952) is the mobilization assistant to the commander, United States Strategic Command, Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska. He is the principal advisor to the commander on Reserve Component matters. He assists the director in planning and executing all assigned missions.
Biography.
The general began his Air Force career in 1974 upon receiving his commission through the Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps. His first operational assignment was at Barksdale Air Force Base, LA where he served as a KC-135 pilot and simulator instructor for the 71st Air Refueling Squadron; from there he transferred to the 78th Air Refueling Squadron as a pilot and evaluator. His subsequent positions include instructor pilot of the 76th Air Refueling Squadron, McGuire Air Force Base, N.J., squadron commander of the 970th Associate Airborne Control Squadron, Tinker Air Force Base, OK., senior individual mobilization augmentee to the director, plans and programs, Headquarters Air Force, Pentagon, Washington D.C., assistant deputy commander of operations of the 340th Flying Training Group, Randolph Air Force Base, Texas, vice commander of the 916th Air Refueling Wing, Seymour Johnson Air Force Base, N.C., and mobilization assistant, commander of the 19th Air Force, Randolph Air Force Base, Texas. Prior to his current position he was the mobilization assistant, director of global operations, USSTRATCOM, Offutt Air Force Base, Neb.
General Ramsaur is a command pilot with more than 5,300 hours in the B-707, B-727, E-3, C-18, DC-10, KC-10, KC-135A/R, T-37, T-38 and T-1 aircraft. The general earned a Bachelor of Science and Master of Arts degree at Louisiana Tech University. He attended: Squadron Officer School by correspondence; Air Command and Staff by correspondence; Air War College by correspondence.
Awards.
His major awards include the Defense Superior Service Medal, Legion of Merit, the Meritorious Service Medal with two oak leaf clusters, the Aerial Achievement Medal, the Air Force Commendation Medal and the Air Force Achievement Medal with one oak leaf cluster.

</doc>
<doc id="18932737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932737" title="Sandstone Township">
Sandstone Township

Sandstone Township may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="18932743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932743" title="Saint Vincent and the Grenadines at the Commonwealth Games">
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines at the Commonwealth Games

Saint Vincent and the Grenadines have competed at nine Commonwealth Games, beginning in 1958. They attended every Games between 1966 and 1978, then did not participate again until 1994. They have competed in every Games since. Saint Vincent and the Grenadines have won three Commonwealth medals, but only one since returning to the Games in 1994. 

</doc>
<doc id="18932773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932773" title="1948–49 Egyptian Premier League">
1948–49 Egyptian Premier League

The 1948–49 Egyptian Premier League started on 22 October 1948. Al-Ahly were crowned champions for the first time in total.

</doc>
<doc id="18932779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932779" title="Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Lithuania confirmed its participation in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia. Lithuania were represented by Sasha Son at the contest, singing "Pasiklydęs žmogus" in its English version, "Love", after he won the Lithuanian national final, Lietuvos Dainų Daina.
Possible boycott.
Shortly after the 2008 South Ossetia war in Georgia, the Estonian Minister of Culture suggested a possible boycott of the Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania from the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest, to be held in Russia. A similar feeling was felt at the Lithuanian public broadcaster, Lietuvos radijas ir televizija (LRT), who supported Georgia in the conflict and believed that "Russia continues to showcase power and ignores international rules." In the end, no Lithuanian boycott occurred.
Lietuvos Dainų Daina.
Lietuvos Dainų Daina is the new Lithuanian national selection for Eurovision. It will feature well established and local artists, and will not include foreign composers. Songs are encouraged to be in Lithuanian.
Quarter-finals.
Three quarter-finals were held for Lietuvos Dainų Daina, held on 10, 17 and 24 January. From the 12 songs that competed in each semi-final, a total of 36 songs competing, six songs qualified to the semi-finals. Two more songs joined the 18 qualfiers, selected by a jury from the remaining songs.
Quarter-final 1.
The first quarter-final of Lietuvos Dainų Daina were held on 10 January 2009, with the songs revealed on 7 January. Six songs were voted by the public to go on to one of the two semi-finals. Ruslanas Kirilkinas was to take part in the contest, however withdrew from the competition, and was replaced by Vita Rusaitytė.
After the semi-final, the voting method used during the show was commented upon, with the non-qualifying artists finding the results "weird and not right". The voting method saw the televotes of 10 regions of Lithuania being converted into points, 1 point for the least favoured and 12 for the most preferred. Alanas, who failed to qualify to the final, said that she found the voting "very bizarre", and that she would like to know how many people voted for her. Augustė, who also failed to qualify, called it "nonsense", commentating on the difference in the amount of votes cast in Vilnius in comparison to smaller towns in Lithuania: "I don't understand how can we compare points of Vilnius and of some small city in Lithuania. In Vilnius we need thousands of votes to get 12 points. Meanwhile in a small city a hundred votes can be enough".
Jonas Vilimas, executive producer of Lietuvos Dainų Daina, said that every city has a right to express their opinion, and that this method is more objective. As such the voting method will remain for the rest of the shows.
Quarter-final 2.
The second quarter-final of the contest was held on 17 January 2009, with the songs of this semi-final revealed on 12 January. Six songs were chosen by the public to go on to one of the two semi-finals.
After the show, the winner of the semi-final, "Lietuva" (Lithuania) by Deivis, was disqualified after it was revealed that the song was partly a plagiarism of the song "There She Goes" by The La's. As such, it did not qualify to the semi-finals. This was announced during the first semi-final show. As such Urtė Šilagalytė's song "The Elegant Blues" automatically qualified for the semi-finals. The wildcard entry also chosen to progress to the semi-finals was 8th placed Soliaris, Greta & SEL with "Noriu žinot".
Quarter-final 3.
The third quarter-final of the contest was held on 24 January 2009, with the songs of this semi-final revealed on 18 January. Six songs were voted by the public and passed to the semi-finals of the contest. During the first semi-final, it was revealed that Rūta Lukoševičiūtė's song "Trapus žmogus" was disqualified due to plagiarism. She was replaced by Saulės kliošas with "Saulė", who came 7th in the televote.
Semi-finals.
The two semi-finals of Lietuvos Dainų Daina was held on 31 January and 7 February 2009. 10 songs competed in each semi-final, 20 in total, which included the top 6 songs in each quarter-final through the televote, as well as two wildcard entries selected by a jury. The two wildcard entries were Soliaris, Greta & SEL with "Noriu žinot", who came 8th in second quarter-final, and Jonas Čepulis and Skirmantė with "Uosilėli žaliasai", the 7th placed entry from the first quarter-final. It was announced during the second semi-final that Deivis and Ruta Lukoševiciute were disqualified from competing in the next selection round. They were replaced by Urtė Šilagalytė with "The Elegant Blues", 7th in the second quarter-final, and Saulės kliošas with "Saulė", 7th in the third quarter-final.
Semi-final 1.
The first semi-final was held on 31 January, with 10 of the 20 quarter-final qualifiers competing. Five acts qualified to the final on 14 February.
Semi-final 2.
The second and final semi-final was held on 7 February. 10 songs in total competed, with five songs again qualifying to the final.
Final.
The final of Lietuvos Dainų Daina was held on 14 February. 10 songs, five qualifiers from each semi-final competed in the final, with the winner representing Lithuania at the second semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 on 14 February.
The winner was of the contest was Sasha Son with "Pasiklydęs žmogus" (The lost man), receiving the maximum number of points from all regions. Second-place went to Donatas Montvydas, with 69 danguje coming third. Sasha Son will now represent Lithuania at Eurovision in Moscow.
At Eurovision.
Lithuania had compete in one of the two semi-finals after Jeronimas Milius came 16th in the semi-final of the 2008 contest.
During the second semi-final, which took place on 14 May 2009, Lithuania qualified for the final and eventually finished in 23rd place with 23 points.

</doc>
<doc id="18932781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932781" title="Eliyahu Sasson">
Eliyahu Sasson

Eliyahu Sasson (, born 2 February 1902, died 8 October 1978) was an Israeli politician and minister.
Biography.
Born in Damascus in Syria, Sasson studied at an Alliance School in his hometown and the Université Saint-Joseph in Beirut. He became a member of the Arab National Movement, and edited a Jewish-Arab newspaper named "al-Hayat". He made aliyah in 1927 and worked as an electrician, journalist and lecturer on Middle East affairs.
He began working in the political department of the Jewish Agency, serving as head of the Arab department between 1933 and 1948. A member of the Jewish delegation to the United Nations between 1947 and 1948 and at the ceasefire negotiations in 1949, he worked as director of the Middle East department of the Foreign Affairs Ministry between 1948 and 1950, before heading an office in Paris for contacts with Arab nations. He is reported by Benny Morris to have been a member in 1948 of one of the government's unofficial Transfer Committees, set up to facilitate the removal of Arabs from their towns and villages. He also served as the Israeli envoy to Turkey (1950–1952), an envoy and ambassador to Italy (1953–1960) and ambassador to Switzerland (1960–1961).
In 1961 he returned to Israel and was appointed Minister of Postal Services by David Ben-Gurion. He was elected to the Knesset in the 1965 elections, and retained his cabinet post until 2 January 1967, when he became Minister of Police. Although he was re-elected in 1969, he lost his ministerial post upon the formation of the new government. He lost his seat in the 1973 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="18932782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932782" title="Javier del Pino González">
Javier del Pino González

Javier del Pino González (born 10 July 1980) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Numancia in Segunda División, as a forward.
Football career.
Del Pino was born in Madrid. An Atlético de Madrid academy graduate he managed to appear once for the first team, whilst it was in the second division, playing five minutes in a 4–2 home win against Real Murcia on 6 April 2002.
After three seasons with Xerez CD (also in the second level) del Pino moved to CD Numancia, where he was an important element in helping the team return to the top flight in 2008 after a three-year absence. He made his La Liga debut on 31 August of that year at the age of 28 years and one month, coming on as a substitute against FC Barcelona in a 1–0 home win; Numancia was eventually relegated back after ranking second from bottom, and he scored a career-best ten goals in the following season – best in the team – but the Soria outfit failed to regain its lost status.

</doc>
<doc id="18932790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932790" title="Anghel Andreescu">
Anghel Andreescu

Anghel Andreescu (born 5 September 1950) is a four-star general, and a member of the Romanian Scientists Academy, Military Department. As a general, he was also involved with the country's peacekeeping efforts in Kosovo. He is also the State Secretary with the Romanian Ministry of Home Affairs and Administrative Reform (MIRA) following a tenure as state secretary for the Interior Ministry and head of Special Security Forces, a position he held for more than four years.
Godfather of the Director of SPP (Romanian Secret Service), Gen. Lucian Pahonțu.

</doc>
<doc id="18932793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932793" title="Kaff al-Jaa">
Kaff al-Jaa

Kaff al-Jaa (, pronounced "Kāf al Jā`"; also spelled Kaf al-Jaz) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Tartus Governorate, located northeast of Tartus. Nearby localities include al-Qadmus to the west, Deir Mama to the northeast, Masyaf to the east, Wadi al-Oyun to the south and Hammam Wasel to the southwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Kaff al-Jaa had a population of 2,068 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites. 
The surrounding area is marked by the mountains. The highest mountain of Kaff al-Jaa is the "Alcaadboon", with a height of 1,194 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="18932802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932802" title="Alec Kirkland">
Alec Kirkland

Alec Kirkland (born 26 August 1900, date of death unknown) was an Irish football player who played as a full back. He was born in Dublin.
He joined Shamrock Rovers in 1923 and stayed for 5 years at Glenmalure Park. Was part of the unbeaten league sides of 1925 and 1927.
Kirkland was in the first League of Ireland XI team to play an Irish League XI on the March 13, 1926 at Dalymount Park [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1926/0315/Pg012.html#Ar01203:63C04E73C080]. Subsequently went on to win 5 league caps in total.
He won one cap for the Irish Free State in the home international at Lansdowne Road on the April 23, 1927 against Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18932816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932816" title="Apple Blossom (disambiguation)">
Apple Blossom (disambiguation)

An apple blossom is the flower of an apple tree.
Apple Blossom may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18932817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932817" title="Mick Lawlor (footballer)">
Mick Lawlor (footballer)

Mick Lawlor (born 1950 in Dublin) is a former Irish football player who played as a forward.
Son of Kit Lawlor he joined Shamrock Rovers F.C. in 1966 and made a scoring debut on 20 April 1966.
He twice played in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup for Rovers against Randers FC and FC Schalke 04. He scored 41 League and 8 FAI Cup goals in the green and white and earned one League of Ireland XI cap.
After all the success at Milltown Mick signed for Shelbourne F.C. in January 1974.
He later signed for Dundalk F.C. in 1976 and was named Player of the Month in March 1977. He had more success scoring against Celtic F.C. at Parkhead in the 1979–80 European Cup. Shortly after he was out of the game for a year with injury and became assistant manager to Jim McLaughlin (footballer). At this stage his younger brother Martin was playing for the club. He resigned from the Oriel Park outfit in May 1981 to seek first team football which he got again at Shelbourne.
Then he signed for Bohemians F.C. in 1982 but announced his retirement in January 1983.
Lawlor was appointed player/manager of Home Farm F.C. in March 1984.
He then was appointed manager of Drogheda United F.C. in 1986 but resigned in November.
He was also Chairman of the PFAI near the end of his caree and managed Clontarf Athletic from 1988.
Lawlor won five full international caps for the Republic of Ireland national football team as well as youth caps.
He was appointed Ireland kit manager in April 2008.
His two brothers Robbie and Martin also played for Rovers, and his uncle Jimmy Lawlor was also a footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="18932824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932824" title="Sandstone (disambiguation)">
Sandstone (disambiguation)

Sandstone is a sedimentary rock composed mainly of sand-size mineral or rock grains.
Sandstone may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18932830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932830" title="2081 (film)">
2081 (film)

2081 is a 2009 science fiction short film, which premiered at the Seattle International Film Festival on May 29, 2009. It is directed and written by Chandler Tuttle, based on the short story "Harrison Bergeron" by author Kurt Vonnegut. The cast is led by James Cosmo, Julie Hagerty, and Armie Hammer, with narration by Academy Award nominee Patricia Clarkson and an original score by Lee Brooks performed by the Kronos Quartet and Czech Philharmonic Chamber Orchestra. The story paints a picture through the use of hyperbole of a future in which a powerful, dictatorial government goes to extreme measures to ensure that absolute equality exists between every individual.
Plot.
The film takes place in the dystopian American society of the year 2081, in which all individual inequality has been erased by the fictional 211th, 212th, and 213th Amendments to the Constitution and the "unceasing vigilance of the United States Handicapper General", after that cabinet office was created to ensure a "golden age of equality" in the United States. Exceptionalness in the world is destroyed in the name of equality, achieved through the use of "handicaps" - physical devices used to nullify every inborn advantage any person might have over another: "The strong wear weights, the beautiful wear masks and the intelligent wear earpieces that fire off loud noises to keep them from taking unfair advantage of their brains." 
Following closely with Vonnegut's original story, "2081" begins with George and Hazel Bergeron — parents of the exceptionally strong, intelligent, handsome Harrison Bergeron — sitting in their living room, watching the ballet on television. George carries many "handicaps", wearing an earpiece and heavy weights to counteract his intelligence and strength, respectively. Hazel, being perfectly average and capable of only carrying thoughts in "short bursts", wears none.
Six years prior, Harrison was taken in a raid on their home by a SWAT team from the office of the Handicapper General. Sitting in his sofa, George tries to think about the event, but can't quite bring himself to recall exactly what happened in between the painful intermittent bursts sent through his earpiece. He continues to watch the ballet instead. The ballet is interrupted by a government news report being read by a news anchor with a severe speech impediment about the escaped fugitive Harrison Bergeron. George watches the report with a hint of interest. The report concludes and returns to the regularly scheduled ballet, featuring delicate ballerinas heavily weighed down to ensure that they are only as graceful as the average person. Just then, loud stomps can be heard approaching the stage, as the ballerinas cower in terror. Harrison Bergeron marches down the aisle and leaps onto the stage with a heavy thud, almost unhindered by the weight of his massive handicaps. In a deviation from Vonnegut's story, he begins his address to the audience in the theater and those watching at home by claiming to have a bomb under the stage, the detonator to which he holds in his hand. The audience listens to his address in shock as he peels off his handicaps and chooses a volunteer ballerina to do the same. He takes her hand, and for a few brief moments, the two dance, unhindered, as the audience watches, mystified by the pair's unbridled grace and elegance. 
The enforcers of the Handicapper General, keen to keep this display under wraps, surround the theater and quickly cut the video feed to the television audience as the Handicapper General herself marches down the aisle with a shotgun. On cue, Harrison pushes the button of his "detonator", which rather than detonating the dummy bomb under the stage, sends a signal to a device that overrides the video block, reminiscent of John Galt’s broadcast in Ayn Rand’s "Atlas Shrugged". He looks into the camera with a proud but slightly somber grin. George smiles back at the television. Unaware that the video feed is again being broadcast, the Handicapper General fires the shotgun, killing Harrison and his ballerina. The SWAT team leader, having been unable to stop her before she fired, informs her of their mistake. In surprise and embarrassment, she looks around in realization that this gruesome, atrocious act of oppression has been broadcast for all to see. George stares heartbrokenly into the television as the signal is again blocked, until his train of thought is again broken by the screeching of his headset; true to Vonnegut's telling of the story, the gravity of the moment is lost on them, and they slip back into normalcy. 
Production.
"2081" was produced in 2009 for $100,000. Reviewers have applauded the film's excellent production values which they consider to be on par with much higher-budget feature-length films.
Release.
"2081" premiered at the Seattle International Film Festival in May 2009. The film was released on DVD on January 25, 2010.
Reviews.
"Revolution Science Fiction" magazine described the film as "stirring and dramatic" and it "gets right to the point, and nails the adaptation."
Novelist and essayist Edward Cline writes that the 25-minute "2081" "packs a punch as terrible as Michael Radford’s gritty, nearly two-hour long "Nineteen Eighty-Four"." "2081", he says, can be viewed as a cinematic parable whose purpose is not to be taken literally, but rather to "impart profound and lasting lessons".
Film critic Jeremy Heilman described the film as, "Playing like a serious-minded version of Mike Judge’s comedy "Idiocracy"", calling it "inventive", "clever", and "humorous" while making a "strong statement about the sadness of a world that prizes equality above all else."

</doc>
<doc id="18932834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932834" title="Mick McCarthy (footballer born 1911)">
Mick McCarthy (footballer born 1911)

Mick McCarthy (goalkeeper) (born 22 December 1911 in Cork, died 21 May 1973) is a former Irish football goalkeeper.
He signed for Shamrock Rovers on 6 November 1931 from Fordsons F.C..
He won one cap for the Irish Free State in a 2–0 win against the Netherlands at the Olympisch Stadion (Amsterdam) on 8 May 1932. Mick was the first League of Ireland goalkeeper to keep a clean sheet for Ireland.
After three years at Glenmalure Park Mick signed for Sheffield United F.C. making his debut on 1 September 1934 in a 3–2 win over Manchester United at Bramall Lane. However a serious thigh injury forced him to quit England and after a short spell at Brideville F.C. he returned to Rovers in 1936.
He also won one League of Ireland XI cap on 14 April 1941 at Windsor Park [http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1941/0415/Pg005.html#Ar00503:0FC13B11F14E11F13B12514E12513B15C14E09B0C514310A0C01590F516B].

</doc>
<doc id="18932840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932840" title="Michael David (producer)">
Michael David (producer)

Michael David is a Broadway producer, the co-founder of and a partner in Dodger Theatricals. His productions on Broadway include "Jersey Boys", "The Farnsworth Invention", "The Secret Garden", "Into the Woods", and the revival of "The Music Man".
Prior to his work with Dodger Theatricals, he was the executive director of the Chelsea Theater Center of Brooklyn.

</doc>
<doc id="18932843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932843" title="Desmanthus bicornutus">
Desmanthus bicornutus

Desmanthus bicornutus (common names Ruby Bundleflower, Two-horn Bundleflower, and in Mexican Spanish Malvilla de Laguna), is a species of bundleflower endemic to Northern and Central Mexico and the Southwestern United States. It is an "abundant roadside weed across its native range."
Description.
A small, upright-standing shrub that grows to about 3 meters in height, "Desmanthus bicornutus" has a woody base. Young stems are often a deep red color; older stems are shiny red or brown. The compound bipinnate leaves are between 9 cm and 18 cm long.
"Desmanthus bicornutus" blooms in condensed spikes of 25-60 flowers. These flowers may be perfect (occurring apically), functionally male (occurring towards the base of the flower head above the sterile flowers but below the perfect flowers), or sterile. It bears up to a dozen edible linear pods on fruiting stalks up to 5 cm long. Pods are up to 10 cm long and 5.5 mm wide. Immature pods are red but these turn to a dark brown as they mature.
Distribution.
"Desmanthus bicornutus" grows in the states of Baja California Sur, Chihuahua, Sinaloa, and Sonora in Northern Mexico as well as the central states of Colima, Guerrero, Jalisco, Michoacán, Nayarit, and Veracruz. In the United States, "D. bicornutus" grows naturally only in the state of Arizona.
Ecology.
This plant favors clay, rocky, or sandy soils in its native range. At higher elevations, "D. bicornutus" can be found amid oak forest and in grasslands. At lower elevations, this plant is found near canyons, roads, and waterways.
Though occurring over an area with a wide annual rainfall range (from 300 mm in Arizona to up to 2,000 mm in coastal, southeast Mexico), "D. bicornutus" is found in areas with intense dry seasons of up to ten months duration. This species typically dies back to its base during winter or dry season and refoliates when conditions become favorable again. It will also regrow in environments ravaged by wildfire.
Use.
In Guerrero, Mexico, "D. bicornutus" beans are used in the making of salsa. 
As a component of grasslands in northern Mexico and southern Arizona, "D. bicornutus" benefits the grazing of livestock and is tolerant of defoliation caused by heavy grazing.
"D. bicornutus" has been grown experimentally in Australia. Although it grows abundantly as a weed in its native area and may be a potential invasive species, 14-year old experimental plots of "D. bicornutus" in western Queensland have not overgrown their boundaries. A few cultivars of "D. bicornutus" have been developed by Texas A&M University.

</doc>
<doc id="18932848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932848" title="Joe Williams (Irish footballer)">
Joe Williams (Irish footballer)

Joe Williams (footballer) (born Dublin, 4 November 1907 - 18 January 1987) was a former Irish football player.
A full back, he joined Shamrock Rovers F.C. in 1934 from Bray Unknowns F.C. where he had played since 1929. During his time at Glenmalure Park he made the centre-half position his own.
Williams won one international cap for the Republic of Ireland national football team against Norway in a World Cup qualifier at the Ullevaal Stadion on 10 of October 1937.[http://www.soccerscene.ie/sssenior/player.php?id=472]
Joe had a benefit game at Dalymount Park on 10 April 1940.[http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/archive/1940/0411/Pg011.html#Ar01113:36492639293731792635893738393E3B594F3519573819683849883B99982A9A862DAA9631895734896835AA8338CA94].
In March 1957 Joe was flown to the United States to take part in a "This is Your Life" special for Maureen O'Hara, as Joe was her favourite Rovers player.

</doc>
<doc id="18932853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932853" title="FF.C">
FF.C

FF.C (FortiFied Concept) were a Greek Hip-Hop band founded in 1987.
History.
The group was formed in 1986. Dimitris Petsoukis was experimenting with his synthesizer when in 1987 he met Kostas Kourmentalas via breakdancing and their mutual love for hip-hop. FFC was formed with DJ Mix Mad. Influenced by the American Hip-Hop, FFC was initially standing for Funky Fresh Concept, adopting the stage names of High Cool (Petsoukis) and Fresh Cool G (Kourmentalas) while the majority of their raps was in Greek. Thodoris Maggos (Free Jah Present) and Thomas Putikakis (DJ Everlast) joined the group shortly after the first formation.
Horizon Studio was used for their recordings and in 1993 they release their debut album using their own funds because at that time the Greek music industry didn't recognize hip hop sound as commercially viable. The album's was names Sklhroi Kairoi (Hard Times) which was pressed on 200 vinyl copies. By that time the FFC acronym got a new meaning (renamed) to Fight Fashion Captivity. On this album Dimitris Petsoukis was rapping while most of the lyrics were provided by Kostas Kourmentalas. Thodoris Maggos and DJ Mix Mad left the group after its release while Thodoris Sartetzakis (Sparky T) joined in.
FFC continued recording but soon realised that they had to drop their American influences and start to rap only in Greek. Petsoukis and Kourmentalas renamed their stage names to Skinothetis & Rythodamastis respectively and the group was finally renamed to FortiFied Concept. After getting the industry's recognition thanks to Imiskoubria, major-labels started approaching hip-hop artists. Thodoris Sartetzakis sent a 20-track demo at Polydor Records and they managed to get a record deal with the label in which they released 4 albums: S'alli diastasi [(1997) Thodoris Sartetzakis left the group after its release], I Apeilh(1998), Oxurwmenh Antilipsi (2000) and Yp' Opsin (2002). Because, of their track 'Paramythi' being censored by the label, and not being included in the record Yp'Opsin, they left the label soon after its release. They then decided to release their material independently which led them to Hxotron Productions, were they released their last two final albums. Klassika Ixografimena (2004) and Antilipsies Suneidhshs (2005). After that, the group disbanded due to Kostas Kourmentalas retirement from the music scene.

</doc>
<doc id="18932875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932875" title="Thunder Rock (film)">
Thunder Rock (film)

Thunder Rock is a 1942 British drama film with supernatural elements, directed by Roy Boulting and starring Michael Redgrave and Barbara Mullen, with James Mason and Lilli Palmer in supporting roles.
Background.
The film is based on the 1939 play "Thunder Rock" by Robert Ardrey, which had originally been a notable stage flop in New York, but proved to be considerably more successful in London where it ran for months in the West End. The film version was opened out considerably from its source by the addition of a montage sequence to illustrate the protagonist Charleston's back-story, and flashback sequences detailing the histories of the various characters in Charleston's imagination, in the process serving to give a heightened propagandist tone to the material.
Critical opinion of the time in Britain was divided as to whether the additional material brought new depths to the story, or made too explicit things which Ardrey had preferred to leave to the audience's imagination and intelligence. The film was however almost universally admired by North American critics and became a huge popular success. Ironically, it ran to packed houses in New York for over three months, where the play had folded in less than three weeks.
Plot.
During the late 1930s, David Charleston (Redgrave) is an ambitious campaigning newspaper journalist, a fierce opponent of fascism and the British policy of appeasement. He wishes to alert his readers to the dangers of German rearmament and the folly of ignoring what is going on in Europe, but the reports he submits are censored by the editor of his newspaper. He subsequently quits his job and sets off on a speaking tour around the country under the slogan "Britain, Awake!" The lack of interest and response indicates that Britain is happy to keep slumbering. The final straw comes when Charleston is at the cinema, and the newsreel feature comes on the screen detailing the German occupation of the Sudetenland. The audience show themselves completely uninterested in the newsreel, taking the opportunity to chat among themselves or go in search of refreshments. In despair at the way his countrymen seem totally oblivious to the ever-more impending doom which is about to engulf them, and appear to be content to go about their daily business as normal while all the time sleepwalking towards disaster, he decides to turn his back on Britain and find a far-flung location where he can withdraw from the world and all its contemporary woes.
He crosses the Atlantic, and finds exactly what he is looking for when he successfully lands a job as a lone lighthouse-keeper on Lake Michigan, which will provide him with the solitude he craves. The lighthouse rock carries a commemorative tablet, listing the names of a group of immigrants from Europe who perished 90 years earlier when the ship carrying them to a new life in America foundered off-shore in a violent storm. As weeks turn into months in his self-imposed isolation, Charleston becomes fixated on the names on the tablet, and begins to conjure up ghostly visions of the lost souls, who start to relate to him their sad stories of sorrow, escape and unfulfilled dreams, in what seems an uncanny parallel to Charleston's own situation. The ship's captain Stuart (Finlay Currie), who appears to be the only ghost aware that he is dead and that it is no longer 1850, acts as mediator between Charleston and the other spirits as they tell their tales. Charleston discovers the story of proto-feminist Ellen (Mullen), repeatedly persecuted and imprisoned for her progressive views, and becomes particularly emotionally involved with the Kurtz family, progressive medical man Stefan (Frederick Valk) and his sad daughter Melanie (Palmer), who seems to harbour a strange ghostly attraction towards Charleston, which he reciprocates.
Charleston's lonely existence is broken by the arrival of an old colleague Streeter (Mason), who is worried about him after finding out from Charleston's employers that his pay cheques have not been cashed for many months. Streeter is nonplussed and not a little concerned as he starts to realise Charleston's mental state. Stuart meanwhile becomes exasperated by the way in which Charleston's imagination is forcing the others into unrealistic behaviour. Charleston agrees to let them have more freedom of action, but then finds them all starting to question where they are and what time they are in. He finally allows Melanie to read the tablet describing their deaths, and tells them all that the civilisation they knew is coming to an imminent end, and he has withdrawn to avoid being witness to its demise. He adds that now he has told them the truth, as figments of his imagination they no longer need to appear to him.
To his consternation, they do not disappear. Stefan confronts him sternly, pointing out that running away is cowardly and that it is always better to stand up and fight for what is good and right, regardless of the consequences. Moreover none of the spirits have any intention of leaving him until he faces up to what he has to do. Finally convinced, Charleston realises he must return to Europe and carry on his fight for truth and justice against the evil which threatens the continent.
Reception.
On its British release in 1942, "Thunder Rock" received mixed reviews, with critics eager to compare the screen version to the stage play, not always to the former's advantage. The "Glasgow Herald" review was typical, almost appearing to damn the film with faint praise by stating: "Though scarcely so good as the play, the film is by no means ineffective or undistinguished. Michael Redgrave, Barbara Mullen and others do well." When released in North America almost two years later however, the film was lavished with enthusiastic praise from influential sources. In his syndicated column, Walter Winchell called the film "a glowing fantasy that lights up the dark corners of many current issues...it manages to be high-class without being highbrow". Dorothy Kilgallen, writing in her "Voice of Broadway" column, urged any of her out-of-town readers planning a visit to New York to "drop in at the World Theatre...and see the film "Thunder Rock"...you'll remember it a long time, and it may not play your town." Herbert Whittaker, film critic for the "Montreal Gazette", chose the film as one of the ten best of 1944, observing "it translate(s) Robert Ardrey's deep and philosophical drama to the screen with brilliance". The "Los Angeles Times" described it as "highly imaginative", "noteworthy" and "outstanding".
Modern critical assessments of "Thunder Rock" tend to be equally assertive of the film's lasting merit. A BBC reviewer comments that the film "succeeds in creating an atmosphere that is at once haunting, mournful and inspiring. As the writer disillusioned by the world's complacent response to fascism, Michael Redgrave gives one of his most complex and tormented performances, as he regains the crusading spirit from his encounters with the victims of a shipwreck that occurred years before on the rocks near the lighthouse he now tends. With a bullish contribution from James Mason and truly touching support from ghostly emigrée Lilli Palmer, this is one of the Boulting Brothers' finest achievements." The "Time Out Film Guide" says: "The film effortlessly transcends its theatrical origins, merging drama and reality, past and present, propaganda and psychological insight, to complex and intelligent effect. Beautifully performed, closer in tone and style to Powell and Pressburger than to the British mainstream, it's weird and unusually gripping."
DVD.
The film was released on a Region 2 DVD (now out-of-print) in Europe, but has, as of 2013, not been made available on a Region 1 DVD in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18932883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932883" title="1997 BellSouth Open – Singles">
1997 BellSouth Open – Singles

Jiří Novák was the defending champion but lost in the semifinals to Kenneth Carlsen.
Jonas Björkman won in the final 7–6 (7–0), 6–0 against Carlsen.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18932887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932887" title="Farmington Municipal Schools">
Farmington Municipal Schools

Farmington Municipal Schools (also known as the Farmington Municipal School District) is a public school district based in Farmington, New Mexico, United States. 
The district covers a area in central San Juan County. In addition to Farmington, the district also serves the communities of Napi HQ as well as a portion of Flora Vista.
All FMS district schools above elementary school are supplied with MacBook computers in which the teachers and students can use and take home with them. 
Demographics.
There were a total of 10,253 students enrolled in Farmington Municipal Schools during the 2007-2008 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 48.70% female and 51.30% male. The racial makeup of the district was 43.00% White, 29.94% Native American, 24.94% Hispanic, 1.44% African American, and 0.67% Asian/Pacific Islander.

</doc>
<doc id="18932894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932894" title="Diodorus (disambiguation)">
Diodorus (disambiguation)

Diodorus Siculus was a Greek historian who wrote the "Bibliotheca historica".
Diodorus may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18932902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932902" title="Adjutants of Love">
Adjutants of Love

Adjutants of Love (, "Adyutanti lyubvi") is a 2005 Russian telenovela. It is the second successful historical telenovela from Amedia Productions, after "Poor Nastya" (2003).
Plot.
Pyotr Cherkasov and Olga Lopuhina grew up together in the country. They fall in love and decide to get married. But Pyotr's mother doesn't want the two of them together, so she finds "a good opportunity for Olga": Count Roman Mongo-Stolipin, a rich politician from Saint Petersburg. Olga decides to marry the Count.
Pyotr is hurt. He goes to Saint Petersburg to become an adjutant of Tsar Paul. Paul is murdered and is succeeded by his young son Alexander. Pyotr becomes a very good friend of Alexander, who sends him to Paris to spy on Napoleon Bonaparte. Though still in love with Olga, Pyotr becomes part of the politician drama in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18932916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932916" title="Bibile">
Bibile

Bibile or Bibila is a town in Sri Lanka in the Bibile Divisional Secretariat, of Uva Province, Sri Lanka. Bibile's land is important to Sri Lankan agriculture. It was well known for oranges, though still oranges grown there the original variety 'Bibile Sweet is no longer in existence. Bibile was known as 'Sinhale' in Martin Wickremesinghe's novel "Gamperaliya". 
The population is completely (100%) rural. There are 35208 people living in Bibile and the population density is about 74.4%. As per the official records majority of the population are Sinhalese(91.6%. There are other ethnic groups such as Muslims and mooors and 8.3% are Indian Tamils. The population growth (1981–2001) has reached to 2.5%. The literacy rate is about 84.5% (as of 1999). However, there are about 65.4% does not attend school. Employment rate rate is about 90.9% (Over age 10). 
The name of Bibile town is known to the world for many reasons. Name of Professor Senaka Bibile is one of them. His father was a native of Bibile.Dr. Wijya Jayathilake, currently the Executive Director of Transparency International Sri Lanka is also a native of Bibile area. 
Professor Senaka Bibile was the founder of Sri Lanka’s drug policy, which was used as a model for development of policies based on rational pharmaceutical use in other countries as well by the WHO, UNCTAD and the Non-Aligned Movement.Due to the far reaching effects of his proposals and policies, he has been called the 'greatest medical benefactor of humanity that Sri Lanka has hitherto produced'.
Bibile Madya Maha Vidayalaya (known as Wellassa National College) is one of the main schools that produced large number of professionals and distinguished people. The first and only (as of 2011) Fulbright Scholar from Bibile; Mr. Nishantha Mallawaarachchi is an old boy of Wellassa National College.
Sweet Orange.
A pest identified as Tristrasa is destroying orange cultivations in Bibile much to the anxiety of the residents of the area who depend on this main traditional crop that had been their main source of income for centuries. They said several other pests caused by viruses and fungus affected the orange cultivation after the heavy rains recently experienced in the area. Statistically more than 3000 acres of orange cultivation in the Moneragala district had been affected by pests. The farmers are alarmed that the orange cultivation in the district would be wiped out if the pest was not brought under control immediately. The cultivators who reap a bumper harvest in April and May every year are perturbed that the poor yield this year would result in heavy losses. Orange cultivation in Bibile and several other areas in the Moneragala district were affected by fungus and pests after the monsoonal rains.
Bibile Sweet, is the most popular variety unique to the area. However, it is a matter of concern that black spots caused by a fungus affected the fruits on the verge of harvest. Thousands of rotten oranges are found under the trees. The trees should be exposed to the sun to prevent the spread of the pest. Trees in shady gardens are more susceptible to the pest. The affected trees should be pruned and the rotten fruits destroyed. Pesticides should be applied when the trees are flowering to minimize the effect of the fungus,” Manager of the District Agrarian Training Centre,noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18932932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932932" title="Makeshift">
Makeshift


</doc>
<doc id="18932940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932940" title="Stopgap">
Stopgap


</doc>
<doc id="18932943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932943" title="Stop gap">
Stop gap


</doc>
<doc id="18932947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932947" title="Valentin Mogilny">
Valentin Mogilny

Valentin Mogilny (USSR) (born on December 18, 1965) is an artistic gymnast who competed for the USSR during the 1980s, winning many World and European Medals. His teammates were Yuri Korolev, Dmitri Bilozerchev, Valeri Liukin, and Vladimir Artemov. He trained at the Army Club in Leninsk-Kuznetsky, then moved to Moscow to work with coach Alexander Alexandrov. Mogilny has divorced from his wife Olga Bicherova (1981 world champion), with whom he has a son. Mogilny lives in France and works as a coach.
Competition Results.
1980
Jr. USSR Cup (Candidate for Master of Sport): 2nd AA, 2nd PH, 2nd PB, 2nd HB, 3rd FX
USSR Youth Championships: 2nd AA
1982
Jr. Friendship Tournament (Druzhba): 1st Team, 8th AA, 2nd PH
Nebraska-JPN-USSR Collegiate Meet: 9th AA
1983
Jr. Friendship Tournament (Druzhba): 1st Team, 2nd AA, 1st PB, 2nd PH
Chunichi Cup: 6th AA, 3rd V
1984
GDR-USSR Dual Meet: 1st Team, 5th AA
Riga International: 2nd AA
USSR Championships: 7th AA
1985
European Championships: 2nd AA, 2nd R, 4th FX, 4th PH, 8th V, 8th HB
Moscow Cup: 5th AA
Moscow News: 3rd AA, 1st PH, 1st R, 3rd HB
University Games: 1st Team, 2nd AA, 1st PH, 1st HB, 4th PB, 5th FX, 5th R
USSR Championships: 3rd AA
USSR Cup: 1st PB
World Championships: 1st Team, 6th AA, 1st PH, 1st PB, 4th FX
1986
Goodwill Games: 1st Team, 2nd AA, 1st PH, 1st R, 1st PB, 2nd FX
USA-USSR Dual Meet: 1st Team, 1st AA
World Cup: 4th AA, 1st R, 1st PB, 2nd PH, 6th HB
1987
European Championships: 5th AA, 1st R, 7th PB, 8th HB
University Games: 1st Team, 4th AA, 1st PH, 1st HB, 2nd PB, 3rd R
USA-USSR Dual Meet: 1st Team, 3rd AA
USSR Championships: 2nd AA
1988
USSR Cup: 4th AA
1989
DTB Cup: 1st AA, 1st V, 3rd R, 3rd HB, 6th PH
European Championships: 2nd AA, 1st PH, 1st V, 3rd PB, 5th R, 7th HB
World Championships: 1st Team, 2nd AA, 1st PH, 4th PB, 7th R
1990
European Championships: 1st AA, 1st PH, 1st PB, 5th R
French International: 1st AA, 1st PH, 1st PB
Goodwill Games: 1st Team, 1st PH
1994
Reese's International Cup: 3rd AA
1995
Reese's International Cup: 1st AA
1996
French International: 5th PH
Messe Cup: 4th AA
Reese's International Cup: 4th AA

</doc>
<doc id="18932959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932959" title="List of University of Florida honorary degree recipients">
List of University of Florida honorary degree recipients

This List of University of Florida Honorary Degree Recipients includes those persons who have been recognized by the University of Florida for outstanding achievements in their fields that reflect the ideals and uphold the purposes of the university, and to whom the university faculty has voted to award honorary degrees in recognition of such attainments. Often, but not always, the honorary degree recipients have been alumni of the university, or other persons who have had ties to either the university or the state of Florida.
The modern University of Florida was established in 1905, when the Florida Legislature passed the Buckman Act which consolidated four pre-existing state-sponsored institutions of higher learning into a single state university for men. After operating on the former campus of the Florida Agricultural College in Lake City, Florida during the 1905–06 academic year, the university moved to its present campus in Gainesville, Florida when the first academic and dormitory buildings were completed in September 1906. The university traces its historical roots to the 1853 founding of the East Florida Seminary in Ocala, Florida, the oldest of its four predecessor institutions.
The University of Florida awarded its first honorary degree in 1909 to Andrew Sledd, in recognition of his four years of service as the founding president of the modern University of Florida. The first woman to whom the university awarded an honorary degree was prominent Florida author and novelist Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="18932977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932977" title="George Hu">
George Hu

George Hu () born on July 24, 1982 in New York City, New York. is an American born Taiwanese actor. He speaks fluent Taiwanese, Mandarin, and English. He was formerly managed by media tycoon Yang Dengkui's First Media Corporation (第一媒體國際有限公司). Since 2011 he has been signed under Yang Dengkui's new management company Polyland International Entertainment (寶麗來國際娛樂).
Early Life.
George Hu was born and raised in New York City, New York on July 24, 1982 to parents of Taiwanese descent. Eldest of a 2 children family, he has a sister younger by 2 years, mother and father who all currently still reside in New York. At age 7 he began training in Chinese martial arts. His mother who had martial arts training herself was a huge influence on him learning martial arts. He studied under Master Marlon Ma at NY Wutang Chinese Martial Arts Institute where he learned the fighting style of the long fist, praying mantis, and baji. He participated in several martial arts competitions in the US and has won several competitions such as 1995 S. Henry Cho America Open, Shi Fu Yang Shu-Ton Martial Arts Association of Ohio Chinese Martial Arts Tournament, Huang Chien Liang U.S.C.K.F, and Wushu Kung Fu Federation. At age 17 he was appointed as an instructor at Wutang. 
He attended St. John's University located in Queens, New York, graduating in 2004 with a bachelors degree in Computer Graphic Design. While visiting family and friends in Taiwan after graduating from college he was scouted and asked to audition for a talent agency due to his boyish good looks and 5' 11" (180cm) height. Besides marital arts, he also enjoys playing the viola and electric guitar.
Acting Career.
In March 2005 he signed under Yang Dengkui's First Media Holdings Corporation and moved to Taiwan to pursue a career in acting. He lived at his uncle's house and shared a bedroom with his cousin when he first moved to Taiwan. As he was unfamiliar with the Chinese language since he only spoke a few words and couldn't read or write Chinese he spent his entire first year in Taiwan learning basic Chinese and memorizing the lines to his first drama "Emerald on the Roof". 
In 2006 he made his acting debut as the 2nd male lead alongside Wallace Huo in the idol drama "Emerald on the Roof". As his Chinese pronunciations wasn't fluent his voice was dubbed by a voice actor in the drama. 
His next drama, 2007's pre-war China comedy, romance, action drama "Love at First Fight" starred mostly the same cast from "Emerald On the Roof" with the addition of Hong Kong actress/singer Miriam Yeung as the female lead. His voice was once again dubbed in both Mandarin and Cantonese for this drama. 
In late 2007 he moved to more mainstream idol drama "Romantic Princess" playing Taiwanese boyband Fahrenheit member Wu Chun's younger brother. This is the first drama his real voice can be heard. That same year he also had a minimal role in the 2nd installment of popular Taiwanese idol K.O. drama franchise "The X-Family" starring alongside the rest of the other Fahrenheit members. 
In early 2008 he once again played Wu Chun's younger brother in a supporting role for the idol drama "Hot Shot" working alongside popular Taiwanese idols Jerry Yan and Show Luo. 
In the summer of 2008 he starred alongside Rainie Yang and Jiro Wang from Fahrenheit in the idol drama "ToGetHer" as Jia Sen aka Ah Gan. The drama was aired in early 2009. For this role he had to play a 20 year old college student and swimming captain with the mind of a 8 year old boy, he also had to train his body to resemble a championship swimmer. 
In early 2009 till early 2010 he starred in his first leading role for the 3rd installment of the K.O. drama franchise "K.O.3an Guo" as a modern version of Chinese historical general Guan Yu. The drama was filmed as it aired. During the beginning filming period of "K.O.3an Guo" he was involved in a traffic accident while on his way to the film set. His left leg was injured, he relied on crutches or a wheelchair to get around for 3 month, because of his injury he was not able to perform much of his martial arts stunts for the early episodes of the drama. Also due to the popularity of the drama he and his co-stars were later formed into a five member boy band called "Wu Hu Jiang" or "Tiger Team" in English. 
Most of 2010 and early 2011 was a difficult year for Hu. His band "Wu Hu Jiang" ceased activity due to restructuring of their management company and he received little to none filming offers. His only work during this period was in a minor role for the idol drama "Me & My Brothers". Due to the minimum work offers he received during this time his father had said to him that if he wanted to quit show business and return to New York it will be fine with his family, but he persisted and signed with Yang Dengkui's new management company Polyland International Entertainment in 2011. His first role under Polyland's management was as the lead in 2011's "Hayate the Combat Butler" based on the popular Japanese manga of the same name. His leading lady for this drama was popular Korean actress Park Shin-hye from Korean drama "You're Beautiful" fame. 
The turning point in his career came in late 2012 starring as the male lead alongside Annie Chen as the female lead in SETTV's romance drama "Love, Now". In an interview for LETV he stated that he had accepted the project during the early stages of development and without even knowing the story line or seeing a script to the project in order to re-establish his presence in Taiwan since he had been filming dramas in Mainland China for the past year. He received a lot of notice for his role as Lan Shi-da a cold but caring business family man. His pairing with Annie Chen was so well received that SETTV decided to pair them up again as an couple less then 3 month after "Love, Now" ended in 2013's "Love Around". 
His fame continued to rise in late 2013 after starring in the joint mainland China and Taiwan historical drama "Lan Ling Wang" as the lead character's younger half brother An De Wang. He's voice was dubbed for his mainland China dramas since he still cannot pronounce Chinese Mandarin with hundred percent fluency and still maintains a foreigner accent when speaking Chinese Mandarin.
Music Career.
In 2009 due to the popularity of "K.O.3an Guo" George, alongside co-stars Benji, Bo Yan, Shao Xiang and Si Wei Hong Zheng were formed into a five member boy band called "Wu Hu Jiang" (武虎將 / "Tiger Team"). The leader of the group was Benji with George as the spokesperson for the group. The group received moderate success and won the Best New Artist Award at Channel V's 14th Annual Global Chinese Chart And Asian Influence awards. Due to the members busy schedules with individual projects and restructuring of their agency the group's activities as a band ceased sometime in 2011 and officially disbanded in 2013. The group have never officially released an album.
Personal life.
George Hu has been rumored since December of 2012 to be in a relationship with his "Love, Now" and "Love Around" co-star Taiwanese actress model Annie Chen whom he met during filming of "Love,Now". News of the two dating in real life first started circulating when it was reported that Hu was exclusively carpooling Chen in his own car to and from filming locations everyday, the two holding hands backstage during SETTV 2013 New Years countdown show, and both were caught at a movie theater together. The two have been caught numerous times by gossip news photographers on private outings together. Sightings of the two by Taiwanese netizens has also been posted on the internet claiming to have witness them dinning alone together and acting like a loving couple. In February of 2014 the two admitted to going on a trip together to Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida USA during their vacation time off when reports of fans overseas recognizing them were published. When questioned by reporters about their private relationship both have neither admitted or denied being in a relationship together, both would only say they are "good friends, good good friends, who enjoy each others company", although Chen has stated in interviews that if the other party is willing to go public with the relationship she is willing too also. 
Injuries.
On January 14, 2009 while on his way to the film set of K.O.3an Guo he was injured in a car accident when a taxi after running a yellow traffic light collided with his motorbike. He described the accident as being in the movie "The Matrix" after he was thrown mid air from his bike and landed on the ground heavily. He received minor cuts and grazes on his legs and suffered a fractured left shin. For a month he depended on crutches and a wheelchair for movement. Surgery was not needed and he recovered with no further complications.
During the Summer of 2011 his right lower front leg suffered a minor gash while filming a bike paddling scene for the drama "Summer Fever". The wound has left a scar on his right front lower leg that is still visible in his later works when not covered with makeup.

</doc>
<doc id="18932985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18932985" title="Xetal">
Xetal

Xetal is the name of a family of non commercial massively parallel processors developed within Philips Research..
Background.
The Xetal was conceived in 1999 at Philips Research when researchers investigated possibilities for combining a CMOS image sensor with powerful image processing logic. Since CMOS image sensors (contrary to CCD sensors) can be produced using the same manufacturing process as processors, both could be combined in a single integrated circuit (IC). With the image sensor and image processing combined on the same die it is essentially possible to parallelize image processing up to the level where each pixel has its dedicated image processing logic. In such a design the image sensor would be in the upper layers of the IC while the image processing would be done in the lower layers, so image data would be transferred from one layer to the other, instead of through external pins or wires.
Additionally there is inherent parallelism in image processing algorithms. Many algorithms do the same processing on every pixel. Image processing is therefore a suitable domain for a massively parallel approach using an SIMD architecture. Although massive parallelism is not a new idea (earlier examples include ILLIAC IV and Goodyear MPP) the Xetal 1 was one of the first to apply this approach to image processing.
Initial design.
The first design combined a QVGA image sensor with line-based A/D conversion. In this design, the analogue pixel values of the sensor were converted line by line (instead of pixel by pixel). For every line there were 320 A/D converters. Each A/D converter is connected to a dedicated processing element (PE) to do image processing. This parallel design meant that a complete line of 320 pixels could essentially be processed in a single clock cycle. This parallelism was also applied to the memory architecture, where each processing element could access a pixel from a so-called "/Line memory".
Simulations of this design showed that the digital (PE) part of the chip caused noise on the A/D converters. On top of that CMOS sensors at the time were produced using a 350-nm process using 3 metal layers. Few layers were used so as to limit height variations in the sensor surface which could cause artifacts. For discrete logic the 180-nm process was more common. Also, more layers were used. Development of the CMOS sensor and the image processor therefore continued independently.
Xetal 1.
The image processor resulting from this was the Xetal 1, first produced in 2001. It was manufactured using a 180-nm process and was designed to run at 18 MHz with 320 PEs and 16 line memories. Since each of the PEs can perform one operation per clock cycle the
raw performance at this clock speed is 5.7 GOPS (109 operations per second). As a result, combined with a CMOS image sensor at QVGA resolution running at 15 frames per second the Xetal 1 could essentially perform 5000 operations per pixel.
During testing it turned out the Xetal 1 could even be clocked up to 38 MHz, more than double the original specification, resulting in a raw performance of over 12 GOPS. Moreover, it achieved this performance at very low power consumption (1-2 Watt).
It was soon discovered that with these levels of performance it was possible to do much more than just image processing. The research team created demonstrations which showed that Xetal 1 was capable of running computer vision algorithms such as object recognition and tracking, including a self-playing pinball machine, air drumming, and Robocup robots.

</doc>
<doc id="18933002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933002" title="Shrink (film)">
Shrink (film)

Shrink is a 2009 American independent film about a psychologist who treats members of the entertainment industry in Los Angeles, California. It stars an ensemble cast headed by Kevin Spacey as Dr. Henry Carter. Filming took place in Los Angeles under the direction of Jonas Pate using a script written by Thomas Moffett. The film premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival. The film also includes music by Jackson Browne.
Plot summary.
The story takes place in Hollywood, and revolves around Dr. Henry Carter (Kevin Spacey). Most of Carter's patients are luminaries in the film industry, each undergoing their own life crisis. Carter lives in a large, luxurious house overlooking the Hollywood Hills, and has published a hugely successful self-help book. However, Carter is disheveled, and he is frequently seen alone in his large house. He smokes marijuana at home, in his car, and behind his office when not seeing patients. Carter routinely drinks himself to sleep around his house, waking up in his clothes. He never enters his bedroom. 
Despite his own problems, Carter continues psychotherapy with his patients, maintaining his incisiveness, compassion, and strong doctor-patient relationships.
Much of the ensemble cast comprises Carter's patients. Patrick (Dallas Roberts) is a high-powered talent agent who is both narcissistic and anxiety- ridden, with a germ phobia. Seamus (Jack Huston) is an actor addicted to various drugs and alcohol, and one of Patrick's biggest clients; Seamus is not one of Carter's patients, but they share a drug-dealer named Jesus (Jesse Plemons). Jack (Robin Williams) is another popular celebrity with a drinking problem, about which he is in denial. He continues therapy, however, because he believes that he has a sex addiction. Kate (Saffron Burrows) is an actress in her thirties, who is intelligent, compassionate, and poised, but is facing fewer career opportunities because of Patrick's notion that her age is a limitation. Her rock-star husband, who she says "wasn't always like this," is self-centered and cheating on her.
Carter's newest patient is Jemma (Keke Palmer), a troubled high-school student, required to see a therapist by her school after cutting her hand by punching a mirror. Jemma has been referred to Carter by his father as a pro bono case, because like Carter's wife, Jemma's mother committed suicide. Jemma is an avid moviegoer, who aspires to become a filmmaker. 
Carter has few friends. He spends time with Jesus, his quirky pot dealer. Carter also socializes with Jeremy (Mark Webber). Jeremy and Carter are loosely related through Carter's deceased wife, whose mother was Jeremy's godmother. Jeremy is a struggling young screenwriter. He finds romantic interest in Patrick's assistant Daisy (Pell James). Jeremy also derives creative inspiration from Jemma.
Jeremy secretly steals Jemma's private file from Carter's office. He pursues a platonic interest in Jemma. He writes his breakthrough screenplay about Jemma, and with Daisy's help, Jeremy succeeds in gaining Patrick's interest in the screenplay.
Jemma discovers the screenplay, and feels betrayed by Jeremy, and Carter angrily attacks Jeremy for his deception. However, Carter accepts his own professional responsibility in the situation, which he unknowingly allowed. Carter suffers a breakdown on a live television talk show, alarming the host (Gore Vidal) and the viewers when he states publicly for the first time that his wife committed suicide. He denounces his book as "bullshit" and himself as a fraud, and storms off of the set. Jemma, Daisy, and Jeremy are seen reacting to Carter's on-air outburst.
Carter decides to stop treating Jemma, though he had just begun helping Jemma finally come to terms with her mother's suicide. Later, Carter and Jeremy are mysteriously invited to a meeting at Patrick's office. Patrick seats them in a conference room, where Jemma is already waiting. To their surprise, Jemma now approves of Jeremy's screenplay. Patrick announces that he will be representing Jemma and making Jeremy's screenplay into a movie.
Carter, having disposed of his drug supply, approaches Kate at home. He tells her he doesn't want to see her anymore "...professionally," implying his interest in seeing her romantically. She smiles.
Later, at night, Carter enters his bedroom, wearing pajamas. He momentarily regards his (former) marital bed, before climbing into it and turning off the light, as the movie fades to black.

</doc>
<doc id="18933007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933007" title="Liberal Democrats">
Liberal Democrats

The Liberal Democrats are a socially liberal political party in the United Kingdom, supporting constitutional and electoral reform, progressive taxation, environmentalism, human rights laws, banking reform and civil liberties. The party was formed in 1988 by a merger of the Liberal Party and the Social Democratic Party. The two parties had formed the electoral SDP–Liberal Alliance for seven years prior. The Liberals had been in existence for 129 years and in power under leaders such as Gladstone, Asquith and Lloyd George. During these times in government, the Liberals are credited with the Liberal Reforms, which saw the creation of the welfare state. In the 1920s, the Labour Party replaced the Liberals as the largest opponent of the Conservative Party.
Nick Clegg was elected Leader in 2007. At the 2010 general election, the Liberal Democrats won 57 seats with 23% of the vote, making them the third-largest party in the House of Commons behind the Conservatives with 307 and Labour with 258. No party having an overall majority, the Liberal Democrats joined a coalition government with the Conservatives, with Clegg becoming Deputy Prime Minister and other Liberal Democrats taking up ministerial positions.
Ideology.
The opening line to the preamble of the Liberal Democrats constitution is "The Liberal Democrats exist to build and safeguard a fair, free and open society, in which we seek to balance the fundamental values of liberty, equality and community, and in which no one shall be enslaved by poverty, ignorance or conformity." Most commentators describe the party as centrist. In 2011 party leader and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said "But we are not on the left and we are not on the right. We have our own label: Liberal."
There are two main strands of distinct ideology within the party, social liberals and the economic liberals, more commonly known as . The social liberals are seen as being the more traditionally centre-left end of the party with Orange Bookers being more towards the centre. The principal difference between the two is that the Orange Bookers tend to support greater choice and competition and as such aiming to increase social mobility through increasing economic freedom and opportunity for those with more disadvantaged backgrounds. Whereas the social liberals are more commonly associated with directly aiming to increase equality of outcome through state means. Correspondingly, Orange Bookers tend to favour cutting taxes for the poorest in order to increase opportunity contrasting with social liberals who would rather see higher spending on the disadvantaged to reduce income inequality.
Being an Orange Booker and a social liberal within the party are not mutually exclusives. David Laws, one of the most economically liberal MPs in the party said in Parliament "I am grateful to my Hon. friend for his kind comments about Gladstonian Liberalism. I hope that this is not only Gladstonian Liberalism, but liberalism tinged with the social liberalism about which my party is so passionate." Indeed the , to which the term refers, discusses the need for a more complete liberalism for the party, more fully supporting the liberalism as a whole including social liberalism.
The social liberalism in the party stems from the start of the 20th-century when the Liberal party were bringing about many reforms, known as Liberal reforms which are often viewed as the creation of the modern public welfare system in the UK. A major part of creating the liberal welfare reforms was done by David Lloyd George, who later went on to become Prime Minister. They may also often look to William Beveridge who is credited with drafting further advancements of the welfare state and especially the National Health Service (NHS) and also social liberal economist John Maynard Keynes. In February 2009, many social liberals founded an internal party pressure group, the Social Liberal Forum to pursue social liberal policies within the party.
In a poll of Liberal Democrat members on 30 April 2011 64% classed themselves as social liberal with 35% counting themselves as economic liberals. Others high on the list were progressive with 65%, social democrat 34%, 45% centre-left, 60% internationalist, 44% radical, 41% green.
In December 2011, in a speech to the Demos think tank and the Open Society Foundation Clegg put forward his definition of the three main political traditions in Britain, saying:
"Socialists support the idea of the good society, typically judged in terms of equality of income. In order to bring about this end they use the state quite aggressively in terms of labour market regulation, centralised public services and through tax and benefits.
Conservatives support the idea of a big society, with responsibility shared throughout society - people are responsible both for themselves and each other. The emphasis is naturally on non-state institutions such as marriage, the family, churches and voluntary organisations.
The liberal ideal is of the open society, where power is vested in people, not in the state or other institutions. This means that individuals need the capabilities and opportunities to chart their own course through life, and to hold institutions to account. So while the good society needs a strong state, and the big society needs strong social institutions, the open society needs strong citizens."
Policies.
List of policies followed by their status in the current Conservative – Liberal Democrat coalition agreement.
History.
Founding.
The Liberal Democrats were formed on 3 March 1988 by a merger between the Liberal Party and the Social Democratic Party, which had formed a pact nearly seven years earlier as the SDP–Liberal Alliance. The Liberals descended from the Whigs, Radicals and Peelites, while the SDP were a party created by former Labour members, MPs and cabinet ministers, but also gained defections from Conservatives.
Having declined to third party status after the rise of the Labour Party from 1918 and especially during the 1920s, the Liberals were challenged for this position in the 1980s when a group of Labour MPs broke away and established the Social Democratic Party (SDP). The SDP and the Liberals realised that there was no space for four political parties and entered into the SDP–Liberal Alliance so that they would not stand against each other in elections. The Alliance was led by David Steel (Liberal) and Roy Jenkins (SDP); Jenkins was replaced by David Owen. The two parties had their own policies and emphases, but produced a joint manifesto for the 1983 and 1987 general elections.
Following disappointing results in the 1987 election, Steel proposed to merge the two parties. Although opposed by Owen, it was supported by a majority of members of both parties, and they formally merged in March 1988, with Steel and Robert Maclennan (who had become SDP leader in August 1987) as joint interim leaders. The new party was initially named Social and Liberal Democrats (SLD) with the unofficial short form "The Democrats" being used from September 1987. The name was subsequently changed to Liberal Democrats in October 1989, which is frequently shortened to Lib Dems.
A new party logo, the "Bird of Liberty", was adopted in 1989. This was famously dismissed by Margaret Thatcher, the Conservative prime minister at the time, as being "as dead as John Cleese's parrot".
The minority of the SDP who rejected the merger remained under Owen's leadership in a rump SDP; the minority of the Liberal Party divided, with some retiring from politics immediately and others (led by former Liberal MP Michael Meadowcroft) creating a new 'Liberal Party' that claimed to be the continuation of the Liberal Party which had just dissolved itself. Michael Meadowcroft eventually joined the Liberal Democrats in 2007 but some of his former followers continue still as the Liberal Party, most notably in a couple of electoral wards of the City of Liverpool.
Post-1988 history.
Ashdown (1988–99).
The then-serving Liberal MP Paddy Ashdown was elected leader in July 1988. At the 1989 European Elections, the party received only 6% of the vote, putting them in fourth place after the Green Party. They failed to gain a single Member of the European Parliament at this election.
Over the next three years, the party recovered under Ashdown's leadership. They performed better at the 1990 local elections and in by-elections—including at Eastbourne in 1990, Ribble Valley in 1991 and Kincardine & Deeside in 1991.
The Lib Dems did not reach the share of national votes in the 1990s that the Alliance had achieved in the 1980s. At their first election in 1992 (which ended in a fourth successive Conservative win), they won 17.8% of the vote and twenty seats. They more than doubled their representation at the 1997 general election, when they gained 46 seats—through tactical voting and concentrating resources in winnable seats.
In the 1994 European Elections, the party gained its first two Members of European Parliament.
Following the election of Tony Blair as Labour leader in July 1994 after the death of his predecessor John Smith, Ashdown pursued co-operation between the two parties because he wanted to form a coalition government should the next general election end without any party having an overall majority. This Lib-Lab pact failed to form because Labour's massive majority after the 1997 general election made it an irrelevance for Labour, and because Labour were not prepared to consider the introduction of proportional representation and other Lib Dem conditions. The election was, however, something of a turning point for the Liberal Democrats. They took a smaller share of the vote than at the previous election, but they managed to more than double their representation in parliament.
Kennedy (1999–2006).
Ashdown retired as leader in 1999 and the party elected Charles Kennedy as his replacement. The party improved on their 1997 results at the 2001 general election, increasing their number of seats to 52 and their share of the vote to 18.3%. Liberal Democrat candidates won support from former Labour and Conservative voters due to the Lib Dems' position on issues that appealed to those on the left and the right: opposition to the war in Iraq and support for civil liberties, electoral reform, and open government. Charles Kennedy expressed his goal to replace the Conservatives as the official opposition; "The Spectator" awarded him the 'Parliamentarian of the Year' award in November 2004 for his position on the war.
The party won seats from Labour in by-elections in Brent East in 2003 and Leicester South in 2004, and narrowly missed taking others in Birmingham Hodge Hill and Hartlepool.
At the 2005 general election, the Lib Dems gained their highest share of the vote since the SDP–Liberal Alliance (22%) and won 62 seats. Many had anticipated that this election would be the Lib Dem's breakthrough at Westminster; party activists hoped to better the 25% support of the 1983 election, or to reach 100 MPs. Much of the apparent lack of success resulted from the first-past-the-post electoral system: the party got 22% of the votes nationally but only 10% of the seats in the Commons. Controversy became associated with the campaign when it became known that Michael Brown had donated £2.4 million to the Liberal Democrats. Brown, who lived in Majorca, Spain at the time, was charged in June 2008 with fraud and money laundering and subsequently jumped bail and fled the country.
In November 2008 he was convicted in his absence of thefts amounting to £36 million and sentenced to seven years imprisonment.
The 2005 election figures revealed a trend of the Lib Dems replaced the Conservatives as Labour's main opponents in urban areas. Many gains came in previously Labour-held urban constituencies (e.g. Manchester Withington, Cardiff Central, Birmingham Yardley), many of which the Conservatives had held in the 1980s, and Lib Dem aspirants had over 100 second-place finishes behind Labour candidates. The British electoral system makes it hard for the Conservatives to form a government without winning some city seats outside of its rural heartlands, such as the Lib Dem Bristol West constituency, where the Conservatives came third in 2005 after holding the seat until 1997.
In a statement on 5 January 2006, Charles Kennedy admitted to a long battle with alcoholism and announced a leadership election in which he intended to stand for re-election, while Sir Menzies Campbell took over as acting leader.
For several years rumours had alleged that Kennedy had problems with alcohol—the BBC's Nick Robinson called it "Westminster's worst-kept secret". Kennedy had on previous occasions denied these rumours, and some suggested that he had deliberately misled the public and his party.
Campbell (2006–2007).
Kennedy initially planned to stand as a candidate, but he withdrew from the election citing a lack of support among Lib Dem MPs. Sir Menzies subsequently won the contest, defeating Chris Huhne and Simon Hughes, among others, in a very controversial race. Mark Oaten withdrew from the contest because of revelations about visits to male prostitutes. Simon Hughes came under attack regarding his sexuality while Chris Huhne was accused live on The Daily Politics of attempting to rig polls.
Despite the negative press over Kennedy's departure, the leaderless party won the Dunfermline and West Fife by-election over Labour in February 2006. This result was viewed as a particular blow for Gordon Brown, who lives in the constituency, represents the adjacent seat and featured in Labour's campaign. The party also came second place by 633 votes in the Bromley and Chislehurst by-election, threatening the safe Conservative seat and pushing Labour into fourth place behind the UK Independence Party. In July 2007, Sir Menzies announced that the party wished to cut the basic rate of income tax from 20 to 16p per pound—the lowest rate since 1916—and wanted to finance the cut using green taxes and other revenues, including making gains from UK properties owned by non-UK residents eligible for capital gains tax.
Opinion poll trends during Campbell's leadership showed support for the Lib Dems decline to less than 20%. Campbell resigned on 15 October 2007, and Vince Cable became acting leader until a leadership election could be held. Cable was praised during his tenure for his performances at Prime minister's questions over the Northern Rock crisis, HMRC's loss of child benefit data, and the 2007 Labour party donation scandal.
Clegg (2007–present).
On 18 December 2007, Nick Clegg won the leadership election, becoming the party's fourth leader. Clegg won the leadership with a majority of 511 votes (1.2%) over his opponent Chris Huhne, in a poll of party members. Clegg is the Member of Parliament for Sheffield Hallam, and was an MEP for the East Midlands from 1999 to 2004.
In his acceptance speech, Clegg declared that he was "a liberal by temperament, by instinct and by upbringing" and that he believes "Britain a place of tolerance and pluralism". He claimed that his priorities were defending civil liberties; devolving the running of public services to parents, pupils and patients; and protecting the environment, and that he wanted to forge a "liberal alternative to the discredited policies of big government". He also proposed a target to double the number of Lib Dem MPs within two elections, and before the 2008 local elections confirmed that he was pleased with their performance in the polls: "the polls yesterday were at 20%, that's considerably higher than 13% just a few years ago. It's far, far higher than we've ever been at this point in the political cycle two or three years after a general election."
Shortly after election, Clegg reshuffled the party's frontbench team, making Chris Huhne the replacement Home Affairs spokesperson, Ed Davey the Foreign Affairs spokesperson, and keeping Vince Cable as Shadow Chancellor. His predecessors were also given roles: Campbell joined the all-party Commons foreign affairs select committee, and Kennedy campaigned nationwide on European issues, as president of the European Movement UK.
Political commentators have identified Clegg's leadership as promoting a shift to the radical centre in the Liberal Democrat Party, bringing a little more emphasis on to the economically liberal side of social liberalism
In March 2011 Nick Clegg made a speech to his party conference stating that he believed that his party belonged to the radical centre. Clegg also quoted John Maynard Keynes, William Beveridge, Jo Grimond, David Lloyd George and John Stuart Mill, implying that they may also have belonged to the radical centre. He pointed to liberalism as an ideology of people, and therefore, one of the radical centre "For the left, an obsession with the state. For the right, a worship of the market. But as liberals, we place our faith in people. People with power and opportunity in their hands. Our opponents try to divide us with their outdated labels of left and right. But we are not on the left and we are not on the right. We have our own label: Liberal. We are liberals and we own the freehold to the centre ground of British politics. Our politics is the politics of the radical centre."
In coalition government (2010–present).
After the first of three general election debates on 15 April 2010, a ComRes poll put the Liberal Democrats on 24%. On 20 April, a YouGov poll put the Liberal Democrats on 34%, the Conservatives on 33% and Labour on 28%.
In the general election held on 6 May 2010, the Liberal Democrats won 23% of the vote and 57 seats in the House of Commons. The election returned a hung parliament with no party having an absolute majority. Negotiations between the Lib Dems and the two main parties occurred in the following days. David Cameron became Prime Minister on 11 May after Gordon Brown's resignation and the Liberal Democrats formed a coalition government with the Conservative Party, with Nick Clegg as Deputy Prime Minister and other Liberal Democrats in the cabinet. Three quarters of the Liberal Democrat's manifesto pledges went into the Programme for Government.
After joining the coalition poll ratings for the party have fallen, particularly following the government's support for raising the cap on tuition fees with Liberal Democrat MPs voting 27 for, 21 against and 8 abstaining.
On 8 December 2010, the eve of a vote on the raising of the cap on tuition fees in the United Kingdom to £9,000, an opinion poll conducted by YouGov recorded voting intention figures of Conservatives 41%, Labour 41%, Other Parties 11% and Liberal Democrats 8%. the lowest level of support recorded for the Liberal Democrats in any opinion poll since September 1990. In the Oldham East and Saddleworth by-election, 2011 held on 13 January 2011, the Liberal Democrats gained 31.9% of the vote, a 0.3% increase despite losing to Labour. In a by-election in the South Yorkshire constituency of Barnsley in March 2011, the Liberal Democrats fell from second place at the general election to sixth.
In council elections held on 5 May 2011, the Liberal Democrats suffered heavy defeats in the Midlands, North and Scotland. They also lost heavily in the Welsh assembly and Scottish Parliament, where several candidates lost their deposits.
According to "The Guardian" 
"They lost control of Sheffield council – the city of Clegg's constituency – were ousted from Liverpool, Hull and Stockport, and lost every Manchester seat they stood in. Overall, they got their lowest share of the vote in three decades".
Clegg admitted that the party had taken "big knocks" due to a perception that the coalition government had returned to the Thatcherism of the 1980s.
As part of the deal that formed the coalition, it was agreed to hold a referendum on the Alternative Vote, in which the Conservatives would campaign for First Past the Post and the Liberal Democrats for Alternative Vote. The referendum, held on 5 May 2011, resulted in First Past the Post being chosen over Alternative Vote by two-thirds of voters.
In May 2011, Nick Clegg revealed plans to make the House of Lords a mainly elected chamber, limiting the number of peers to 300, 80% of whom would be elected with a third of that 80% being elected every 5 years by Single transferable vote. In August 2012, Clegg announced that attempts to reform the House of Lords would be abandoned due to opposition for the proposals by backbench Conservative MPs. Claiming the coalition agreement had been broken, Clegg stated that Liberal Democrat MPs would no longer support changes to the House of Commons boundaries for the 2015 general election.
The Lib Dem Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change Chris Huhne in 2011 announced plans for halving UK carbon emissions by 2025 as part of the "Green Deal" which was in the 2010 Liberal Democrat manifesto.
In council elections held on 3 May 2012, the Lib Dems lost more than three hundred councillors, leaving them with fewer than three thousand for the first time in the party's history.
On 20 September 2012 Clegg suffered intense media pressure after personally apologising for reneging on the promise to abolish university tuition fees.
On 28 February 2013, the party won a by-election in Eastleigh, a Hampshire constituency that had been held by the disgraced former minister, Chris Huhne. The party's candidate, Mike Thornton, had been a local councillor for the party, and held the seat.
Parliamentary party committees.
In mid-2010, after the formation of the coalition, several parliamentary party committees were created to effectively shadow government departments, in order for the party to keep a distinct and separate set of polices to that of the Conservatives. These committees work together with ministers in order to keep joined up policy and democratic policy making decisions. There must be one co-chair for each of the committees from each House. The list of committees and co chairs as of 23 March 2012 is detailed in the table below:
Electoral results.
In 1992 General Election, the Lib Dems succeeded the Liberal–SDP Alliance as the 3rd most popular party, behind Labour and the Conservatives. Their popularity initially declined from the levels attained by the Alliance, but their seat count rose, a feat that has been credited to more intelligent targeting of vulnerable seats. The vote percentage for the Alliance in 1987 and the Lib Dems in 2005 is similar, yet the Lib Dems won 62 seats to the Alliance's 22.
The first-past-the-post electoral system used in UK General Elections is not suited to parties whose vote is evenly divided across the country, resulting in those parties achieving a lower proportion of seats in the Commons than their proportion of the popular vote (see table and graph). The Lib Dems and their Liberal and SDP predecessors have suffered especially, particularly in the 1980s when their electoral support was greatest while the disparity between the votes and the number of MPs returned to parliament was significantly large. The increase in their number of seats in 1997, 2001 and 2005 was attributed to the weakness of the Conservatives and the success of their election strategist Lord Rennard. Lib Dems state that they want 'three-party politics' in the Commons; the most realistic chance of power with first past the post is for the party to be the "kingmakers" in a hung parliament. Party leaders often set out their terms for forming a coalition in such an event—Nick Clegg stated in 2008 that the policy for the 2010 general election is to reform elections, parties and Parliament in a "constitutional convention".
The party had control of 31 councils in 2008, having held 29 councils prior to the 2008 election. In the 2008 local elections, they gained 25% of the vote, placing them ahead of Labour and increasing their control by 34 to more than 4,200 council seats—21% of the total number of seats. In council elections held in May 2011, the Liberal Democrats suffered heavy defeats in the Midlands, North and Scotland. They also lost heavily in the Welsh assembly and Scottish Parliament. In local elections held in May 2012, the Lib Dems lost more than 300 councillors, leaving them with fewer than 3000 for the first time in the party's history. In the 2013 local elections, they lost more councillors.
European elections.
The party has generally not performed as well in elections to the European Parliament. In the 2004 local elections, their share of the vote was 29% (placing them second, ahead of Labour) and 14.9% in the simultaneous European Parliament elections (putting them in fourth place behind UK Independence Party (UKIP)). The results of the 2009 European elections were similar with the party achieving a vote of 28% in the county council elections yet achieving only 13.7% in the Europeans despite the elections taking place on the same day. The 2009 elections did however see the party gain one seat from UKIP in the East Midlands region taking the number of representatives in the parliament up to 11.
In Europe, the party sits with the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe (ALDE) political group, which favours further strengthening the EU. The group's leader for seven and a half years was the South West England MEP Graham Watson, who was also the first Liberal Democrat to be elected to the European Parliament when he won the old Somerset and North Devon constituency in 1994. The group's current leader is the former Prime Minister of Belgium Guy Verhofstadt.
Scottish Parliament elections.
The first elections for the Scottish parliament were held in 1999 and resulted in the Liberal Democrats forming a coalition government with Labour from its establishment until 2007. The Liberal Democrat leader Jim Wallace became Deputy First Minister, a role he continued until his retirement as party leader in 2005. The new leader of the party, Nicol Stephen, then took on the role of Deputy First Minister until the election of 2007
For the first three Scottish Parliament elections, the Lib Dems maintained a consistent number of MSPs. From the 17 elected in 1999, they retained this number in 2003 and went down one to 16 in 2007. However, this fell to only 5 seats after the 2011 election as a result of the widespread unpopularity of their coalition with the Conservative party at the UK level.
The current leader of the Scottish Liberal Democrats is the MSP for Mid Scotland and Fife, Willie Rennie, who took up his role in 2011.
Welsh Assembly elections.
Elections to the newly created National Assembly for Wales also took place for the first time in 1999 and saw the Liberal Democrats take six seats in the inaugural Assembly, with Welsh Labour winning a plurality of seats in the assembly, but not enough to win an outright majority. In October 2000, following a series of close votes, the parties formed a coalition that saw the Liberal Democrat leader in the assembly, Michael German, become the Deputy First Minister. The deal lasted until the election of 2003, when Labour won enough seats to be able to govern outright.
The Party has polled consistently in all four elections to the National Assembly, returning six representatives in the first three elections and five in the 2011 Election, thereby establishing itself as the fourth party in Wales behind Labour, the Conservatives and Plaid Cymru. The current leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats is Kirsty Williams, the assembly member for Brecon & Radnorshire, the Assembly's first female leader.
Structure.
The Liberal Democrats are a federal party of the parties of England, Scotland and Wales. The English and Scottish parties are further split into regions. The parliamentary parties of the House of Commons, the House of Lords, the Scottish Parliament and Welsh Assembly form semi-autonomous units within the party. The leaders in the House of Commons and the Scottish Parliament are the leaders of the federal party and the Scottish Party; the leaders in the other two chambers, and the officers of all parliamentary parties, are elected from their own number. Co-ordination of all party activities across all federated groups is undertaken through the Federal Executive. Chaired by the party leader, its 30+ members includes representatives from each of the groups and democratically elected representatives.
The Lib Dems had around 65,000 members at the end of 2010 and in the first quarter of 2008, the party received £1.1 million in donations and have total borrowings and unused credit facilities of £1.1 million (the "total debt" figure reported by the Electoral Commission includes, for example, unused overdraft facilities). This compares to Labour's £3.1 million in donations and £17.8 million of borrowing/credit facilities, and the Conservatives' £5.7 million in donations and £12.1 million of borrowing/credit facilities.
Specified Associated Organisations (SAOs) review and input policies, representing groups including: ethnic minorities (EMLD), women (WLD), the LGBT community (LGBT+ Lib Dems), youth and students (Liberal Youth), engineers and scientists (ALDES), parliamentary candidates (PCA) and local councillors (ALDC). Others can become Associated Organisations (AOs) as pressure groups in the party, such as the Green Liberal Democrats, Liberal Democrats Online, the Liberal Democrat European Group (LDEG) and the Liberal Democrat Disability Association. The National Union of Liberal Clubs (NULC) represents Liberal Social Clubs which encourages recreational institutions where the promotion of the party can take place.
Like the Conservatives, the Lib Dems organise in Northern Ireland, though they do not contest elections in the province: they work with the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland, "de facto" agreeing to support the Alliance in elections. There is a separate local party operating in Northern Ireland, the Northern Ireland Liberal Democrats. Several individuals, including Alliance Party leader David Ford, hold membership of both parties. Alliance members of the House of Lords take the Lib Dem whip on non-Northern Ireland issues, and the Alliance Party usually has a stall at Lib Dem party conferences.
The party is a member of Liberal International and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party, and their 11 MEPs sit in the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe (ALDE) Group in the European Parliament.
Leaders.
Leaders in the European Parliament.
"The Liberal Democrats did not have representation in the European Parliament prior to 1994."

</doc>
<doc id="18933017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933017" title="Willemina Ogterop">
Willemina Ogterop

Willemina Ogterop was a Dutch-American artist and stained glass window designer who was born in Maastricht, Holland in 1881. After migrating to California in 1918 with her husband and four children, she worked in the Cummings Art Glass Studio in San Francisco as their principal designer from 1928 to 1953, designing nearly 500 stained glass windows, and creating more than 200 works of art in other media.
There are more than 80 venues, primarily Christian churches, in six states of the US which contain her stained glass works; however, the great majority of her windows are in 40 cities and towns in California, in addition to a total of 9 churches in the states of Nevada, Washington, Oklahoma, Iowa, and Louisiana. She donated three works of art to India, two of which can be found on public display: the woodcarving "Satyagraha" in the National Gandhi Museum in New Delhi and a stained glass plaque depicting a poem in Sanskrit by the Bengali poet Rabindranath Tagore, which is in the Tagore Museum at Visva Bharati University, Santiniketan, Bolpur, West Bengal, India. The "Nehru Window" - honoring India's first prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru - and delivered to him in 1946 by his sister, Mrs. Pandit, has never been located.
In addition to her prodigious professional art work, she created hundreds of oil and water color paintings, ink, pencil and chalk drawings and woodcarvings - many of which remain today, treasured by her grand and great-grand children. Her earliest album of drawings was done in 1892 at the age of 11. She attended an art academy and a teacher training school in Amsterdam, before departing Holland, alone, at the age of 21 for South Africa. She lived in South Africa from 1903 to 1905, traveled to East Africa, Ceylon and Bombay, and lived in Indonesia from 1905 to 1907, before returning to Holland. She kept detailed journals all her life, which form the basis of our extensive knowledge of her fascinating, adventurous and highly productive life.
Willemina Ogterop was a multiculturalist and internationalist who was active in many peace and humanitarian organizations. She wrote her "Philosophy of Living" and felt that Buddhism was the most sensible and inclusive religion of all.
The family of Willemina Ogterop is currently working on a web site about her life and work. Through this site her grandchildren hope to find the missing "Nehru Window" - a powerful piece which commemorates India's liberation from British colonialism.

</doc>
<doc id="18933018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933018" title="Cecidomyiinae">
Cecidomyiinae

The Cecidomyiinae are a subfamily of flies often called gall midges or gall gnats.
Systematics.
Cecidomyiinae - supertribes, tribes, and genera:

</doc>
<doc id="18933019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933019" title="Economy of the Republic of Ireland">
Economy of the Republic of Ireland

The economy of Ireland is a modern knowledge economy, focusing on services and high-tech industries and dependent on trade, industry and investment. In terms of GDP per capita, Ireland is ranked as one of the wealthiest countries in the OECD and the EU-27 at 5th in the OECD-28 rankings as of 2008. In terms of GNP per capita, a better measure of national income, Ireland ranks below the OECD average, despite significant growth in recent years, at 10th in the OECD-28 rankings. GDP (national output) is significantly greater than GNP (national income) due to the repatriation of profits and royalty payments by multinational firms based in Ireland.
A 2005 study by "The Economist" found Ireland to have the best quality of life in the world. The 1995 to 2007 period of very high economic growth, with a record of posting the highest growth rates in Europe, led many to call the country the Celtic Tiger. Arguably one of the keys to this economic growth was a low corporation tax, currently at 12.5% standard rate.
The Financial Crisis of 2008 affected the Irish economy severely, compounding domestic economic problems related to the collapse of the Irish property bubble. After 24 years of continuous growth at an annual level during 1984–2007, Ireland first experienced a short technical recession from Q2-Q3 2007, followed by a long 2-year recession from Q1 2008 – Q4 2009. In March 2008, Ireland had the highest level of household debt relative to disposable income in the developed world at 190%, causing a further slow down in private consumption, and thus also being one of the reasons for the long lasting recession. The hard economic climate was reported in April 2010, even to have led to a resumed emigration.
After a year with side stepping economic activity in 2010, Irish real GDP rose by 2.2% in 2011 and 0.2% in 2012, which was mainly driven by strong improvements in the export sector - while private consumption remained subdued. The economic challenges continued, however, as the prolonged European sovereign-debt crisis caused a new Irish recession starting in Q3 2012, which was still ongoing as of Q2 2013. In May 2013 the European Commission's economic forecast for Ireland predicted its growth rates would return to a positive 1.1% in 2013 and 2.2% in 2014.
History.
Since the Irish Free State.
From the 1920s Ireland had high trade barriers such as high tariffs, particularly during the Economic War with Britain in the 1930s, and a policy of import substitution. During the 1950s, 400,000 people emigrated from Ireland. It became increasingly clear that economic nationalism was unsustainable. While other European countries enjoyed fast growth, Ireland suffered economic stagnation. The policy changes were drawn together in "Economic Development", an official paper published in 1958 that advocated free trade, foreign investment, and growth rather than fiscal restraint as the prime objective of economic management.
In the 1970s, the population increased by 15% and national income increased at an annual rate of about 4%. Employment increased by around 1% per year, but the state sector amounted to a large part of that. Public sector employment was a third of the total workforce by 1980. Budget deficits and public debt increased, leading to the crisis in the 1980s. During the 1980s, underlying economic problems became pronounced. Middle income workers were taxed 60% of their marginal income, unemployment had risen to 20%, annual overseas emigration reached over 1% of population, and public deficits reached 15% of GDP.
In 1987 Fianna Fáil reduced public spending, cut taxes, and promoted competition. Ryanair used Ireland's deregulated aviation market and helped European regulators to see benefits of competition in transport markets. Intel invested in 1989 and was followed by a number of technology companies such as Microsoft and Google. A consensus exists among all government parties about the sustained economic growth. The GDP per capita in the OECD prosperity ranking rose from 21st in 1993 to 4th in 2002.
Between 1985 and 2002, private sector jobs increased 59%. The economy shifted from an agriculture to a knowledge economy, focusing on services and high-tech industries. Economic growth averaged 10% from 1995 to 2000, and 7% from 2001 to 2004. Industry, which accounts for 46% of GDP and about 80% of exports, has replaced agriculture as the country's leading sector.
Celtic Tiger (1995–2007).
The economy benefited from a rise in consumer spending, construction, and business investment. Since 1987, a key part of economic policy has been Social Partnership, which is a neo-corporatist set of voluntary 'pay pacts' between the Government, employers and trade unions. The 1995 to 2000 period of high economic growth was called the "Celtic Tiger", a reference to the "tiger economies" of East Asia.
GDP growth continued to be relatively robust, with a rate of about 6% in 2001, over 4% in 2004, and 4.7% in 2005. With high growth came high inflation. Prices in Dublin were considerably higher than elsewhere in the country, especially in the property market. However, property prices are falling following the recent economic recession. At the end of July 2008, the annual rate of inflation was at 4.4% (as measured by the CPI) or 3.6% (as measured by the HICP) and inflation actually dropped slightly from the previous month.
In terms of GDP per capita, Ireland is ranked as one of the wealthiest countries in the OECD and the EU-27, at 4th in the OECD-28 rankings. In terms of GNP per capita, a better measure of national income, Ireland ranks below the OECD average, despite significant growth in recent years, at 10th in the OECD-28 rankings. GDP is significantly greater than GNP (national income) due to the large amount of multinational firms based in Ireland. A 2005 study by "The Economist" found Ireland to have the best quality of life in the world.
The positive reports and economic statistics masked several underlying imbalances. The construction sector, which was inherently cyclical in nature, accounted for a significant component of Ireland's GDP. A recent downturn in residential property market sentiment has highlighted the over-exposure of the Irish economy to construction, which now presents a threat to economic growth.
Despite several successive years of economic growth and significant improvements since 2000, Ireland's population is marginally more at risk of poverty than the EU-15 average and 6.8% of the population suffer "consistent poverty".
Ireland is currently ranked as the world's ninth most "economically free" economy in an index created by free-market economists from the Wall Street Journal and Heritage Foundation, the Index of Economic Freedom.
Financial crisis (2008–).
It was the first country in the EU to officially enter a recession related to the Financial crisis 2008, as declared by the Central Statistics Office. Ireland now has the second-highest level of household debt in the world (190% of household income). The country's credit rating was downgraded to "AA-" by Standard & Poor's ratings agency in August 2010 due to the cost of supporting the banks, which would weaken the Government's financial flexibility over the medium term. It transpired that the cost of recapitalising the banks was greater than expected at that time, and, in response to the mounting costs, the country's credit rating was again downgraded by Standard & Poor's to "A".
The global recession has significantly impacted the Irish economy. Economic growth was 4.7% in 2007, but −1.7% in 2008 and −7.1% in 2009. In mid-2010, Ireland looked like it was about to exit recession in 2010 following growth of 0.3% in Q4 of 2009 and 2.7% in Q1 of 2010. The government forecast a 0.3% expansion. However the economy experienced Q2 negative growth of −1.2%, and in the fourth quarter, the GDP shrunk by 1.6%. Overall, the GDP was reduced by 1% in 2010, making it the third consecutive year of negative growth. On the other hand Ireland recorded the biggest month-on-month rise for industrial production across the eurozone in 2010, with 7.9% growth in September compared to August, followed by Estonia (3.6%) and Denmark (2.7%).
Bank solvency.
The second problem, unacknowledged by management of Irish banks, the financial regulator and the Irish government, is solvency. The question concerning solvency has arisen due to domestic problems in the crashing Irish property market. Irish financial institutions have substantial exposure to property developers in their loan portfolio. These property developers are currently suffering from substantial over-supply of property, much still unsold, while demand has evaporated. The employment growth of the past that attracted many immigrants from Eastern Europe and propped up demand for property has been replaced by rapidly rising unemployment.
Irish property developers speculated billions of Euros in overvalued land parcels such as urban brownfield and greenfield sites. They also speculated in agricultural land which, in 2007, had an average value of €23,600 per acre ($32,000 per acre or €60,000 per hectare) which is several multiples above the value of equivalent land in other European countries. Lending to builders and developers has grown to such an extent that it equals 28% of all bank lending, or ""the approximate value of all public deposits with retail banks. Effectively, the Irish banking system has taken all its shareholders' equity, with a substantial chunk of its depositors' cash on top, and handed it over to builders and property speculators...By comparison, just before the Japanese bubble burst in late 1989, construction and property development had grown to a little over 25 per cent of bank lending.""
Irish banks correctly identify a systematic risk of triggering an even more severe financial crisis in Ireland if they were to call in the loans as they fall due. The loans are subject to terms and conditions, referred to as "covenants". These covenants are being waived in fear of provoking the (inevitable) bankruptcy of many property developers and banks are thought to be ""lending some developers further cash to pay their interest bills, which means that they are not classified as 'bad debts' by the banks"". Furthermore, the banks' "impairment" (bad debt) provisions are still at very low levels.
This does not appear to be consistent with the real negative changes taking place in property market fundamentals.
In contrast, on 7 October 2008, Danske Bank wrote off a substantial sum largely due to property-related losses incurred by its Irish subsidiary – National Irish Bank. The 3.18% charge against the loan book of its Irish operations is the first significant write off to take place and is a modest indication of the extent of the more substantial future charges to be incurred by the over-exposed domestic banks. Asset write downs by the domestically-owned Irish banks are only now slowly beginning to take place
Guarantee of banking system.
On 30 September 2008, the Irish Government declared a guarantee that intends to safeguard the Irish banking system. The Irish National guarantee, backed by taxpayer funds, covers ""all deposits (retail, commercial, institutional and interbank), covered bonds, senior debt and dated subordinated debt"". In exchange for the bailout, the government did not take preferred equity stakes in the banks (which dilute shareholder value) nor did they demand that top banking executives' salaries and bonuses be capped, or that board members be replaced.
Despite the Government guarantees to the banks, their shareholder value continued to decline and on 2009-01-15, the Government nationalised Anglo Irish Bank, which had a market capitalisation of less than 2% of its peak in 2007. Subsequent to this, further pressure came on the other two large Irish banks, who on 2009-01-19, had share values fall by between 47 and 50% in one day. As of 11 October 2008, leaked reports of possible actions by the government to artificially prop up the property developers have been revealed.
National Recovery Plan 2011–2014.
In November 2010 the Irish Government published the National Recovery plan, which aimed to restore order to the public finances and to bring its deficit in line with the EU target of 3% of economic output by 2015. It involves a budget adjustment of €15 billion (€10 billion in public expenditure cuts and €5 billion in taxes) over a four-year period. This was front loaded in 2011 where measures totaling €6 billion took place. Subsequent budgetary adjustments of €3 billion per year were put in place up to 2015, in order to reduce the government deficit to less than 3% of GDP. VAT is to increase to 23% by 2014. A property tax was re-introduced in 2012. This was initially charged in 2012 as a flat rate on all properties and subsequently charged at a level of 0.18% of the estimated market value of a property from 2013. Domestic water charges are to be introduced in 2015. Expenditure cuts included reductions in public sector pay levels, reductions in the number of public sector employees through early retirement schemes, reduced social welfare payments and reduced health spending.
As a result of increased taxation and decreased government spending the Irish government deficit was reported by the Central Statistics Office (Ireland) to have decreased from 30.9% of GDP in 2010 to 7.6% of GDP in 2012. In addition Ireland's unemployment rate has slowly begun to fall from a peak of 15.1% in February 2012 to 12.6% in October 2013. The number of people in employment has increased by 58,000 (3.1% increase in employment rate) in the year to September 2013. On February 27 2014 the government launched its "Action Plan for Jobs 2014" which followed similar plans initiated in 2013 and 2012.
Sectors.
Exports.
Exports play an important role in Ireland's economic growth. A series of significant discoveries of base metal deposits have been made, including the giant ore deposit at Tara Mine. Zinc-lead ores are also currently mined from two other underground operations in Lisheen and Galmoy. Ireland now ranks as the seventh largest producer of zinc concentrates in the world, and the twelfth largest producer of lead concentrates. The combined output from these mines make Ireland the largest zinc producer in Europe and the second largest producer of lead.
Ireland is the world's most profitable country for US corporations, with a corporation tax rate of 12.5% according to the US tax journal Tax Notes. The country is one of the largest exporters of pharmaceuticals, medical devices and software-related goods and services in the world. Bord Gáis is responsible for the supply and distribution of natural gas, which was first brought ashore in 1976 from the Kinsale Head gas field. Electrical generation from peat consumption, as a percent of total electrical generation, was reduced from 18.8% to 6.1%, between 1990 and 2004. A forecast by Sustainable Energy Ireland predicts that oil will no longer be used for electrical generation but natural gas will be dominant at 71.3% of the total share, coal at 9.2%, and renewable energy at 8.2% of the market.
New sources are expected to come on stream after 2010, including the Corrib gas field and potentially the Shannon Liquefied Natural Gas terminal.
In its "Globalization Index 2010" published in January 2011 Ernst and Young with the Economist Intelligence Unit ranked Ireland second after Hong Kong. The index ranks 60 countries according to their degree of globalization relative to their GDP. While the Irish economy has significant debt problems in 2011, exporting remains a success.
Primary sector.
The primary sector constitutes about 5% of Irish GDP, and 8% of Irish employment. Ireland's main economic resource is its large fertile pastures, particularly the midland and southern regions. In 2012 Ireland exported approximately €9 billion worth of agri-food and drink (about 8.4% of Ireland's exports), mainly as cattle, beef, and dairy products. Ireland s agri-food exports are expected to grow and are led by a number of large Irish companies including Kerry Group, Glanbia and Greencore.
In the late nineteenth century, the island was mostly deforested. In 2005, after years of national afforestation programmes, about 9% of Ireland has become forested. It is still one of the least forested country in the EU and heavily relies on imported wood. Its coastline – once abundant in fish, particularly cod – has suffered overfishing and since 1995 the fisheries industry has focused more on aquaculture. Freshwater salmon and trout stocks in Ireland's waterways have also been depleted but are being better managed. Ireland is a major exporter of zinc to the EU and mining also produces significant quantities of lead and alumina.
Beyond this, the country has significant deposits of gypsum, limestone, and smaller quantities of copper, silver, gold, barite, and dolomite. Peat extraction has historically been important, especially from midland bogs, however more efficient fuels and environmental protection of bogs has reduced peat's importance to the economy. Natural gas extraction occurs in the Kinsale Gas Field and the Corrib Gas Field in the southern and western counties, where there is 19.82 bn cubic metres of proven reserves.
The construction sector in Ireland has been severely affected by the Irish property bubble and the 2008-2013 Irish banking crisis and as a result contributes less to the economy than during the period 2002-2007.
While there are over 60 credit institutions incorporated in Ireland, the banking system is dominated by the AIB Bank, Bank of Ireland and Ulster Bank. There is a large Credit Union movement within the country which offers an alternative to the banks. The Irish Stock Exchange is in Dublin, however, due to its small size, many firms also maintain listings on either the London Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ. That being said, the Irish Stock Exchange has a leading position as a listing domicile for cross-border funds. By accessing the Irish Stock Exchange, investment companies can market their shares to a wider range of investors (under MiFID although this will change somewhat with the introduction of the AIFM Directive. Service providers abound for the cross-border funds business and Ireland has been recently rated with a DAW Index score of 4 in 2012. Similarly, the insurance industry in Ireland is a leader in both retail markets and corporate customers in the EU, in large part due to the International Financial Services Centre.
Government.
Welfare benefits.
As of December 2007, Ireland's net unemployment benefits for long-term unemployed people across four family types (single people, lone parents, single-income couples with and without children) was the third highest of the OECD countries (jointly with Iceland) after Denmark and Switzerland. Jobseeker's Allowance or Jobseeker's Benefit for a single person in Ireland is €188 per week, as of March 2011. 
State provided old age pensions are also relatively generous in Ireland. The maximum weekly rate for the State Pension (Contributory) is €230.30 for a single pensioner aged between 66 and 80 (€436.60 for a pensioner couple in the same age range). The maximum weekly rate for the State Pension (Non-Contributory) is €219 for a single pensioner aged between 66 and 80 (€363.70 for a pensioner couple in the same age range).
Wealth distribution.
The percentage of the population at risk of relative poverty was 21% in 2004 – one of the highest rates in the European Union. Ireland's inequality of income distribution score on the Gini coefficient scale was 30.4 in 2000, slightly below the OECD average of 31. Sustained increases in the value of residential property during the 1990s and up to late 2006 was a key factor in the increase in personal wealth in Ireland, with Ireland ranking second only to Japan in personal wealth in 2006. However, residential property values and equities have fallen substantially since the beginning of 2007 and major declines in personal wealth are expected.
Taxation.
Over the past several decades, tax revenues have fluctuated at around 30% of GDP (see graph).
Currency.
Before the introduction of the euro notes and coins in January 2002, Ireland used the Irish pound or "punt". In January 1999 Ireland was one of eleven European Union member states which launched the European Single Currency, the euro. Euro banknotes are issued in €5, €10, €20, €50, €100, €200 and €500 denominations and share the common design used across Europe, however like other countries in the eurozone, Ireland has its own unique design on one face of euro coins. The government decided on a single national design for all Irish coin denominations, which show a Celtic harp, a traditional symbol of Ireland, decorated with the year of issue and the word "Éire".
Recruitment.
The recruitment service industry in Ireland involves specialised recruitment agencies (sometimes known as employment agencies or simply recruiters) offering personnel consulting, specialist corporate recruiting, CV databasing, job-finding and headhunting, and temporary worker management services. These agencies usually work with larger business clients who are seeking qualified employees. Employment agencies in Ireland are licensed by the Department of Enterprise, Trade and Employment under the "Employment Agency Act 1971". The main thrust of the act is to outlaw exploitation of jobseekers. Under the act an agency is permitted to charge a maximum of £1 (now equivalent to €1.27). From 2007, the slump in the Irish economy and the fee structure of recruitment agencies has meant that many agencies have closed. In reaction to this several companies are rebranding themselves as Flat Fee recruiters and offer reduced service at reduced fees.

</doc>
<doc id="18933023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933023" title="Cayuse language">
Cayuse language

The Cayuse language ("Cailloux, Willetpoos") is an extinct unclassified language formerly spoken by the Cayuse Native American tribe in the U.S. state of Oregon. The Cayuse name for themselves was "Liksiyu" (see Aoki 1998).
Similarities to Molala, the language of people to the south of them in central Oregon, are thought to have been due to contact.

</doc>
<doc id="18933033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933033" title="Borovan">
Borovan

Borovan (, pronounced ) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria, part of Vratsa Province. It is the administrative centre of Borovan municipality, which lies in the central part of Vratsa Province. Borovan is located 150 kilometres north-northeast of the capital Sofia.
Municipality.
Borovan municipality has an area of 212 square kilometres and includes the following 5 places:
The population is mostly Bulgarian, with a sizable Roma minority.[http://borovan.net/uploads/file/BOROVAN_human_resourses.pdf]
Honour.
Borovan Knoll on Graham Land in Antarctica is named after Borovan.

</doc>
<doc id="18933035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933035" title="Priscilla Lopes-Schliep">
Priscilla Lopes-Schliep

Priscilla Lopes-Schliep (born 26 August 1982) is a Canadian hurdler in track and field athletic competition. She was born in Scarborough, Ontario and currently lives in Whitby. 
Personal.
Born in Canada, her heritage is Guyanese and Portuguese. She is the first cousin of soccer player Dwayne De Rosario.
Lopes-Schliep attended the University of Nebraska–Lincoln. She married former University of Nebraska basketball player, Bronsen Schliep, in the fall of 2007. They currently reside in Toronto, where he practices dentistry.
Career.
In 2004 Priscilla became the 2004 NCAA Indoor Champion in the 60 meter hurdles with a time of 7.82 as her personal best. Lopes-Schliep won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in women's 100 m hurdles. It was the first medal for Canada in Athletics at the Summer Olympics since the 1996 Games and the first medal for a Canadian woman in Olympic track and field since the 1992 Games.
At the 2009 World Championships in Athletics, Lopes-Schliep won a silver medal in the 100 m hurdles in Berlin, Germany, in a time of 12.54s. She failed to qualify for the 2012 London Olympics, having finished 7th in the 100m hurdles at the 2012 Canadian Olympic trials for track and field after she struck a hurdle and fell.

</doc>
<doc id="18933037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933037" title="Boeing B-52 Stratofortress">
Boeing B-52 Stratofortress

The Boeing B-52 Stratofortress is a long-range, subsonic, jet-powered strategic bomber. The B-52 was designed and built by Boeing, which has continued to provide support and upgrades. It has been operated by the United States Air Force (USAF) since the 1950s. The bomber is capable of carrying up to of weapons.
Beginning with the successful contract bid in June 1946, the B-52 design evolved from a straight-wing aircraft powered by six turboprop engines to the final prototype YB-52 with eight turbojet engines and swept wings. The B-52 took its maiden flight in April 1952. Built to carry nuclear weapons for Cold War-era deterrence missions, the B-52 Stratofortress replaced the Convair B-36. A veteran of several wars, the B-52 has dropped only conventional munitions in combat. The B-52's official name "Stratofortress" is rarely used in informal circumstances, and it has become common to refer to the aircraft as the "BUFF" (Big Ugly Fat Fucker).
The B-52 has been in active service with the USAF since 1955. , 85 were in active service with nine in reserve. The bombers flew under the Strategic Air Command (SAC) until it was inactivated in 1992 and its aircraft absorbed into the Air Combat Command (ACC); in 2010 all B-52 Stratofortresses were transferred from the ACC to the new Air Force Global Strike Command (AFGSC). Superior performance at high subsonic speeds and relatively low operating costs have kept the B-52 in service despite the advent of later aircraft, including the canceled Mach 3 B-70 Valkyrie, the variable-geometry B-1 Lancer, and the stealth B-2 Spirit. The B-52 completed fifty years of continuous service with its original operator in 2005; after being upgraded between 2013 and 2015, it is expected to serve into the 2040s.
Development.
Origins.
On 23 November 1945, Air Materiel Command (AMC) issued desired performance characteristics for a new strategic bomber "capable of carrying out the strategic mission without dependence upon advanced and intermediate bases controlled by other countries". The aircraft was to have a crew of five or more turret gunners, and a six-man relief crew. It was required to cruise at 300 mph (260 knots, 480 km/h) at 34,000 feet (10,400 m) with a combat radius of 5,000 miles (4,300 nautical miles, 8,000 km). The armament was to consist of an unspecified number of 20 mm cannon and 10,000 pounds (4,500 kg) of bombs. On 13 February 1946, the air force issued bid invitations for these specifications, with Boeing, Consolidated Aircraft, and Glenn L. Martin Company submitting proposals.
On 5 June 1946, Boeing's Model 462, a straight-wing aircraft powered by six Wright T35 turboprops with a gross weight of 360,000 pounds (160,000 kg) and a combat radius of 3,110 miles (2,700 nmi, 5,010 km), was declared the winner. On 28 June 1946, Boeing was issued a letter of contract for US$1.7 million to build a full-scale mock-up of the new XB-52 and do preliminary engineering and testing. However, by October 1946, the air force began to express concern about the sheer size of the new aircraft and its inability to meet the specified design requirements. In response, Boeing produced Model 464, a smaller four-engine version with a 230,000 pound (105,000 kg) gross weight, which was briefly deemed acceptable.
Subsequently, in November 1946, the Deputy Chief of Air Staff for Research and Development, General Curtis LeMay, expressed the desire for a cruise speed of 400 miles per hour (345 kn, 645 km/h), to which Boeing responded with a 300,000 lb (136,000 kg) aircraft. In December 1946, Boeing was asked to change their design to a four-engine bomber with a top speed of 400 miles per hour, range of 12,000 miles (10,000 nmi, 19,300 km), and the ability to carry a nuclear weapon; in total, the aircraft could weigh up to 480,000 pounds (220,000 kg). Boeing responded with two models powered by the T-35 turboprops. The Model 464-16 was a "nuclear only" bomber with a 10,000 pound (4,500 kg) payload, while the Model 464-17 was a general purpose bomber with a 9,000 pound (4,000 kg) payload. Due to the cost associated with purchasing two specialized aircraft, the air force selected Model 464-17 with the understanding that it could be adapted for nuclear strikes.
In June 1947, the military requirements were updated and the Model 464-17 met all of them except for the range. It was becoming obvious to the air force that, even with the updated performance, the XB-52 would be obsolete by the time it entered production and would offer little improvement over the Convair B-36; as a result, the entire project was postponed for six months. During this time, Boeing continued to perfect the design, which resulted in the Model 464-29 with a top speed of 455 miles per hour (395 kn, 730 km/h) and a 5,000-mile range. In September 1947, the Heavy Bombardment Committee was convened to ascertain performance requirements for a nuclear bomber. Formalized on 8 December 1947, these requirements called for a top speed of 500 miles per hour (440 kn, 800 km/h) and an 8,000 mile (7,000 nmi, 13,000 km) range, far beyond the capabilities of 464-29.
The outright cancellation of the Boeing contract on 11 December 1947 was staved off by a plea from its president William McPherson Allen to the Secretary of the Air Force Stuart Symington. Allen reasoned that the design was capable of being adapted to new aviation technology and more stringent requirements. In January 1948 Boeing was instructed to thoroughly explore recent technological innovations, including aerial refueling and the flying wing. Noting stability and control problems Northrop was experiencing with their YB-35 and YB-49 flying wing bombers, Boeing insisted on a conventional aircraft, and in April 1948 presented a US$30 million (US$ today) proposal for design, construction, and testing of two Model 464-35 prototypes. The Model 464-35 design bore similarity to a later Tupolev design that was built for the Soviet Union, the Tupolev Tu-95 "Bear" strategic bomber. Further revisions during 1948 resulted in an aircraft with a top speed of 513 miles per hour (445 kn, 825 km/h) at 35,000 feet (10,700 m), a range of 6,909 miles (6,005 nmi, 11,125 km), and a 280,000 pounds (125,000 kg) gross weight, which included 10,000 pounds (4,500 kg) of bombs and 19,875 US gallons (75,225 L) of fuel.
Design effort.
In May 1948, AMC asked Boeing to incorporate the previously discarded, but now more fuel-efficient, jet engine into the design. This resulted in Boeing developing yet another revision – in July 1948, Model 464-40 substituted Westinghouse J40 turbojets for the turboprops. The Boeing engineers took the Model 464-40 study to the air force project officer, and he was favorably impressed, especially since he had already been thinking along similar lines. Nevertheless, the government was still concerned about the high fuel consumption rate of the jet engines of the day, and directed that Boeing still use the turboprop-powered Model 464-35 as the basis for the XB-52. Although he agreed that turbojet propulsion was the future, General Howard A. Craig, Deputy Chief of Staff for Material, was not very keen on a jet-powered B-52, since he felt that the jet engine had still not progressed sufficiently to permit skipping an intermediate turboprop stage. However, Boeing was encouraged to continue with turbojet studies even though no commitment to jet propulsion could be expected.
On Thursday, 21 October 1948, Boeing engineers George S. Schairer, Art Carlsen and Vaughn Blumenthal presented the design of a four-engine turboprop bomber to the chief of bomber development, Colonel Pete Warden. Warden was disappointed by the projected aircraft and asked if the Boeing team could come up with a proposal for a four-engine turbojet bomber. Joined by Ed Wells, Boeing vice president of engineering, the engineers worked that night in the Hotel Van Cleve redesigning Boeing's proposal as a four-engine turbojet bomber. On Friday, Colonel Warden looked over the information and asked for a better design. Returning to the hotel, the Boeing team was joined by Bob Withington and Maynard Pennell, two top Boeing engineers who were in town on other business.
By late Friday night, they had laid out what was essentially a new airplane. The new design (464-49) built upon the basic layout of the B-47 Stratojet with 35 degree swept wings, eight engines paired in four underwing pods, and bicycle landing gear with wingtip outrigger wheels. A notable feature of the landing gear was the ability to pivot the main landing gear up to 20° from the aircraft centerline to increase safety during crosswind landings. After a trip to a hobby shop for supplies, Schairer set to work building a model. The rest of the team focused on weight and performance data. Wells, who was also a skilled artist, completed the aircraft drawings. On Sunday, a stenographer was hired to type a clean copy of the proposal. On Monday, Schairer presented Colonel Warden with a neatly bound 33-page proposal and a 14-inch scale model. The aircraft was projected to exceed all design specifications.
Although the full-size mock-up inspection in April 1949 was generally favorable, range again became a concern since the J40s and early model J57s had excessive fuel consumption. Despite talk of another revision of specifications or even a full design competition among aircraft manufacturers, General LeMay, now in charge of Strategic Air Command, insisted that performance should not be compromised due to delays in engine development. In a final attempt to increase range, Boeing created the larger 464-67, stating that once in production, the range could be further increased in subsequent modifications. Following several direct interventions by LeMay, Boeing was awarded a production contract for thirteen B-52As and seventeen detachable reconnaissance pods on 14 February 1951. The last major design change—also at General LeMay's insistence—was a switch from the B-47 style tandem seating to a more conventional side-by-side cockpit, which increased the effectiveness of the copilot and reduced crew fatigue. Both XB-52 prototypes featured the original tandem seating arrangement with a framed bubble-type canopy.
Pre-production.
The YB-52, the second XB-52 modified with more operational equipment, first flew on 15 April 1952 with "Tex" Johnston as pilot. During ground testing on 29 November 1951, the XB-52's pneumatic system failed during a full-pressure test; the resulting explosion severely damaged the trailing edge of the wing, necessitating considerable repairs. A two-hour, 21-minute proving flight from Boeing Field, King County, in Seattle, Washington to Larson AFB was undertaken with Boeing test pilot Johnston and air force Lieutenant Colonel Guy M. Townsend. The XB-52 followed on 2 October 1952. The thorough development, including 670 days in the wind tunnel and 130 days of aerodynamic and aeroelastic testing, paid off with smooth flight testing. Encouraged, the air force increased its order to 282 B-52s.
Production and improvements.
Only three of the 13 B-52As ordered were built. All were returned to Boeing, and used in their test program. On 9 June 1952, the February 1951 contract was updated to order the aircraft under new specifications. The final 10, the first aircraft to enter active service, were completed as B-52Bs. At the roll out ceremony on 18 March 1954, Air Force Chief of Staff General Nathan Twining said:
The B-52B was followed by progressively improved bomber and reconnaissance variants, culminating in the B-52G and turbofan B-52H. To allow rapid delivery, production lines were set up both at its main Seattle factory and at Boeing's Wichita facility. More than 5,000 companies were involved in the massive production effort, with 41% of the airframe being built by subcontractors. The prototypes and all B-52A, B and C models (90 aircraft) were built at Seattle. Testing of aircraft built at Seattle caused problems due to jet noise, which led to the establishment of curfews for engine tests. Aircraft were ferried east on their maiden flights to Larson Air Force Base near Moses Lake, where they were fully tested.
As production of the B-47 came to an end, the Wichita factory was phased in for B-52D production, with Seattle responsible for 101 D-models and Wichita 69. Both plants continued to build the B-52E, with 42 built at Seattle and 58 at Wichita, and the B-52F (44 from Seattle and 45 from Wichita). For the B-52G, it was decided in 1957 to transfer all production to Wichita, which freed up Seattle for other tasks (in particular the production of airliners). Production ended in 1962 with the B-52H, with 742 aircraft built, plus the original two prototypes.
Design.
Overview.
The B-52 shared many technological similarities with the preceding Boeing B-47 Stratojet strategic bomber. The two aircraft utilized the same basic design, such as swept wings and podded jet engines, and the cabin included the crew ejection systems. On the B-52D, the pilots and electronic countermeasures (EDM) operator ejected upwards, while the lower deck crew ejected downwards; until the B-52G, the gunner had to jettison the tail gun to bail-out.
Structural fatigue was accelerated by at least a factor of eight in a low-altitude flight profile over that of high-altitude flying, requiring costly repairs to extend service life. In the early 1960s, the three-phase "High Stress" program was launched to counter structural fatigue, enrolling aircraft at 2,000 flying hours. Follow-up programs were conducted, such as a 2,000-hour service life extension to select airframes in 1966–1968, and the extensive "Pacer Plank" reskinning, completed in 1977. The wet wing introduced on G and H models was even more susceptible to fatigue, experiencing 60% more stress during flight than the old wing. The wings were modified by 1964 under "ECP 1050". This was followed by a fuselage skin and longeron replacement ("ECP 1185") in 1966, and the "B-52 Stability Augmentation and Flight Control" program ("ECP 1195") in 1967. Fuel leaks due to deteriorating Marman clamps continued to plague all variants of the B-52. To this end, the aircraft were subjected to "Blue Band" (1957), "Hard Shell" (1958), and finally "QuickClip" (1958) programs. The latter fitted safety straps that prevented catastrophic loss of fuel in case of clamp failure.
In September 2006, the B-52 became one of the first US military aircraft to fly using alternative fuel. It took off from Edwards Air Force Base with a 50/50 blend of Fischer-Tropsch process (FT) synthetic fuel and conventional JP-8 jet fuel, which burned in two of the eight engines. On 15 December 2006, a B-52 took off from Edwards with the synthetic fuel powering all eight engines, the first time an air force aircraft was entirely powered by the blend. The seven-hour flight was considered a success. This program is part of the Department of Defense Assured Fuel Initiative, which aims to reduce crude oil usage and obtain half of its aviation fuel from alternative sources by 2016. On 8 August 2007, Air Force Secretary Michael Wynne certified the B-52H as fully approved to use the FT blend.
Avionics.
Ongoing problems with avionics systems were addressed in the "Jolly Well" program, completed in 1964, which improved components of the AN/ASQ-38 bombing navigational computer and the terrain computer. The MADREC (Malfunction Detection and Recording) upgrade fitted to most aircraft by 1965 could detect failures in avionics and weapons computer systems, and was essential in monitoring the Hound Dog missiles. The electronic countermeasures capability of the B-52 was expanded with "Rivet Rambler" (1971) and "Rivet Ace" (1973).
To improve operations at low altitude, the AN/ASQ-151 Electro-Optical Viewing System (EVS), which consisted of a Low Light Level Television (LLLTV) and a Forward looking infrared (FLIR) system mounted in blisters under the noses of B-52Gs and Hs between 1972 and 1976. The navigational capabilities of the B-52 were later augmented with the addition of GPS in the 1980s. The IBM AP-101, also used on the Rockwell B-1 Lancer bomber and the Space Shuttle, was the B-52's main computer.
In 2007 the LITENING targeting pod was fitted, which increased the effectiveness of the aircraft in the attack of ground targets with a variety of standoff weapons, using laser guidance, a high-resolution forward-looking infrared sensor (FLIR), and a CCD camera used to obtain target imagery. LITENING pods have been fitted to a wide variety of other US aircraft, such as the McDonnell Douglas F/A-18 Hornet, the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the McDonnell Douglas AV-8B Harrier II.
Armament.
The ability to carry up to 20 AGM-69 SRAM nuclear missiles was added to G and H models, starting in 1971. To further improve the B-52's offensive ability, air-launched cruise missiles (ALCMs) were fitted. After testing of both the air force-backed Boeing AGM-86 and the navy-backed General Dynamics AGM-109 Tomahawk, the AGM-86B was selected for operation by the B-52 (and ultimately by the B-1 Lancer). A total of 194 B-52Gs and Hs were modified to carry AGM-86s, carrying 12 missiles on underwing pylons, with 82 B-52Hs further modified to carry another eight missiles on a rotary launcher fitted in the aircraft's bomb-bay. To conform with SALT II Treaty requirements that cruise missile-capable aircraft be readily identifiable by reconnaissance satellites, the cruise missile armed B-52Gs were modified with a distinctive wing root fairing. As all B-52Hs were assumed modified, no visual modification of these aircraft was required. In 1990, the stealthy AGM-129 ACM cruise missile entered service; although intended to replace the AGM-86, a high cost and the Cold War's end led to only 450 being produced; unlike the AGM-86, no conventional (non-nuclear) version was built. The B-52 was to have been modified to utilize Northrop Grumman's AGM-137 TSSAM weapon; however, the missile was canceled due to development costs.
Those B-52Gs not converted as cruise missile carriers underwent a series of modifications to improve conventional bombing. They were fitted with a new Integrated Conventional Stores Management System (ICSMS) and new underwing pylons that could hold larger bombs or other stores than could the external pylons. Thirty B-52s were further modified to carry up to 12 AGM-84 Harpoon anti-ship missiles each, while 12 B-52Gs were fitted to carry the AGM-142 Have Nap stand-off air-to-ground missile. When the B-52G was retired in 1994, an urgent scheme was launched to restore an interim Harpoon and Have Nap capability, the four aircraft being modified to carry Harpoon and four to carry Have Nap under the "Rapid Eight" program.
The Conventional Enhancement Modification (CEM) program gave the B-52H a more comprehensive conventional weapons capability, adding the modified underwing weapon pylons used by conventional-armed B-52Gs, Harpoon and Have Nap, and the capability to carry new-generation weapons including the Joint Direct Attack Munition and Wind Corrected Munitions Dispenser guided bombs, the AGM-154 glide bomb and the AGM-158 JASSM missile. The CEM program also introduced new radios, integrated Global Positioning System into the aircraft's navigation system and replaced the under-nose FLIR with a more modern unit. Forty-seven B-52Hs were modified under the CEM program by 1996, with 19 more by the end of 1999.
Starting in 2016, Boeing is to upgrade the internal rotatory launchers to the MIL-STD-1760 interface to enable the internal carriage of smart bombs, which can currently only be carried on the wings.
Engines.
For a study for the U.S. Air Force in the mid-1970s, Boeing investigated replacing the engines, changing to a new wing, and other improvements to upgrade B-52G/H aircraft as an alternative to the B-1A, then in development. Boeing later suggested re-engining the B-52H fleet with the Rolls-Royce RB211 535E-4. This would involve replacing the eight Pratt & Whitney TF33s (total thrust 8 × 17,000 lb) with four RB211s (total thrust 4 × 37,400 lb)—which would increase range and reduce fuel consumption, at a cost of approximately US$2.56 billion for the whole fleet (71 aircraft at $36 million each). A Government Accountability Office study concluded that Boeing's estimated savings of US$4.7 billion would not be realized and that it would cost US$1.3 billion over keeping the existing engines; citing significant up-front procurement and re-tooling expenditure, and the RB211's higher maintenance cost. The GAO report was subsequently disputed in a Defense Sciences Board report in 2003; the Air Force was urged to re-engine the aircraft without delay. Further, the DSB report stated the program would have significant savings, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and increase aircraft range and endurance; in line with the conclusions of a separate Congress-funded study conducted in 2003. The re-engining has not been approved .
Costs.
Costs per aircraft.
Note: The original costs were in approximate 1955 United States dollars. Figures in tables noted with "current" have been adjusted for inflation to the current calendar year.
Operational history.
Introduction.
Although the B-52A was the first production variant, these aircraft were used only in testing. The first operational version was the B-52B that had been developed in parallel with the prototypes since 1951. First flying in December 1954, B-52B, AF Serial Number 52-8711, entered operational service with 93rd Heavy Bombardment Wing (93rd BW) at Castle Air Force Base, California, on 29 June 1955. The wing became operational on 12 March 1956. The training for B-52 crews consisted of five weeks of ground school and four weeks of flying, accumulating 35 to 50 hours in the air. The new B-52Bs replaced operational B-36s on a one-to-one basis.
Early operations were problematic; in addition to supply problems, technical issues also struck. Ramps and taxiways deteriorated under the aircraft's weight, the fuel system was prone to leaks and icing, and bombing and fire control computers were unreliable. The two-story cockpit presented a unique climate control problem – the pilots' cockpit was heated by sunlight while the observer and the navigator on the bottom deck sat on the ice-cold floor. Thus, comfortable temperature setting for the pilots caused the other crew members to freeze, while comfortable temperature for the bottom crew caused the pilots to overheat. The J57 engines proved unreliable. Alternator failure caused the first fatal B-52 crash in February 1956; as a result the fleet was briefly grounded. In July, fuel and hydraulic issues grounded the B-52s again. In response to maintenance issues, the air force set up "Sky Speed" teams of 50 contractors at each B-52 base to perform maintenance and routine checkups, taking an average of one week per aircraft.
On 21 May 1956, a B-52B (52-0013) dropped a Mk-15 nuclear bomb over the Bikini Atoll in a test code-named Cherokee. It was the first air dropped thermonuclear weapon. From 24 to 25 November 1956, four B-52Bs of the 93rd BW and four B-52Cs of the 42nd BW flew nonstop around the perimeter of North America in "Operation Quick Kick", which covered 15,530 miles (13,500 nmi, 25,000 km) in 31 hours, 30 minutes. SAC noted the flight time could have been reduced by 5 to 6 hours if the four inflight refuelings were done by fast jet-powered tanker aircraft rather than propeller-driven Boeing KC-97 Stratotankers. In a demonstration of the B-52's global reach, from 16 to 18 January 1957, three B-52Bs made a non-stop flight around the world during "Operation Power Flite", during which 24,325 miles (21,145 nmi, 39,165 km) was covered in 45 hours 19 minutes (536.8 smph) with several in-flight refuelings by KC-97s.
The B-52 set many records over the next few years. On 26 September 1958, a B-52D set a world speed record of 560.705 miles per hour (487 kn, 902 km/h) over a 10,000 kilometers (5,400 nmi, 6,210 mi) closed circuit without a payload. The same day, another B-52D established a world speed record of 597.675 miles per hour (519 kn, 962 km/h) over a 5,000 kilometer (2,700 nmi, 3,105 mi) closed circuit without a payload. On 14 December 1960, a B-52G set a world distance record by flying unrefueled for 10,078.84 miles (8,762 nmi, 16,227 km); the flight lasted 19 hours 44 minutes (510.75 mph). From 10 to 11 January 1962, a B-52H set a world distance record by flying unrefueled, surpassing the prior B-52 record set two years earlier, from Kadena Air Base, Okinawa, Japan, to Torrejon Air Base, Spain, which covered 12,532.28 miles (10,895 nmi, 20,177 km). The flight passed over Seattle, Fort Worth and the Azores.
Cold War.
When the B-52 entered into service, the Strategic Air Command (SAC) intended to use it to deter and counteract the vast and modernizing Soviet military. As the Soviet Union increased its nuclear capabilities, destroying or "countering" the forces that would deliver nuclear strikes (bombers, missiles, etc.) became of great strategic importance. The Eisenhower administration endorsed this switch in focus; the President in 1954 expressing a preference for military targets over those of civilian ones, a principle reinforced in the Single Integrated Operation Plan (SIOP), a plan of action in the case of nuclear war breaking out.
Throughout the Cold War, B-52s and other US strategic bombers performed airborne alert patrols under code names such as "Head Start", "Chrome Dome", "Hard Head", "Round Robin", and "Giant Lance". Bombers loitered at high altitude near the borders of the Soviet Union to provide rapid first strike or retaliation capability in case of nuclear war. These airborne patrols formed one component of the US's nuclear deterrent, which would act to prevent the breakout of a large-scale war between the US and the Soviet Union under the concept of Mutually Assured Destruction.
Due to the late 1950s-era threat of surface-to-air missiles (SAMs) that could threaten high-altitude aircraft, seen in practice in the 1960 U-2 incident, the intended use of B-52 was changed to serve as a low-level penetration bomber during a foreseen attack upon the Soviet Union, as terrain masking provided an effective method of avoiding radar and thus the threat of the SAMs. Although never intended for the low level role, the B-52's flexibility allowed it to outlast several intended successors as the nature of aerial warfare changed. The B-52's large airframe enabled the addition of multiple design improvements, new equipment, and other adaptions over its service life.
In November 1959, to improve the aircraft's combat capabilities in the changing strategic environment, SAC initiated the "Big Four" modification program (also known as "Modification 1000") for all operational B-52s except early B models. The program was completed by 1963. The four modifications were the ability to launch AGM-28 Hound Dog standoff nuclear missiles and ADM-20 Quail decoys, an advanced electronic countermeasures (ECM) suite, and upgrades to perform the all-weather, low-altitude (below 500 feet or 150 m) interdiction mission in the face of advancing Soviet missile-based air defenses.
In the 1960s, there were concerns over the fleet's capable lifespan. Several projects beyond the B-52, the Convair B-58 Hustler and North American XB-70 Valkyrie, had either been aborted or proved disappointing in light of changing requirements, which left the older B-52 as the main bomber as opposed to the planned successive aircraft models. On 19 February 1965, General Curtis E. LeMay testified to Congress that the lack of a follow-up bomber project to the B-52 raised the danger that, "The B-52 is going to fall apart on us before we can get a replacement for it." Other aircraft, such as the General Dynamics F-111 Aardvark, later complemented the B-52 in roles the aircraft was not as capable in, such as missions involving high-speed, low-level penetration dashes.
Vietnam War.
With the escalating situation in Southeast Asia, 28 B-52Fs were fitted with external racks for 24x 750 pound (340 kg) bombs under project "South Bay" in June 1964; an additional 46 aircraft received similar modifications under project "Sun Bath". In March 1965, the United States commenced Operation Rolling Thunder. The first combat mission, Operation Arc Light, was flown by B-52Fs on 18 June 1965, when 30 bombers of the 9th and 441st Bombardment Squadrons struck a communist stronghold near the Bến Cát District in South Vietnam. The first wave of bombers arrived too early at a designated rendezvous point, and while maneuvering to maintain station, two B-52s collided, which resulted in the loss of both bombers and eight crewmen. The remaining bombers, minus one more that turned back due to mechanical problems, continued toward the target. Twenty-seven Stratofortresses dropped on a one-mile by two-mile target box from between 19,000 and 22,000 feet, a little more than 50% of the bombs falling within the target zone. The force returned to Andersen AFB except for one bomber with electrical problems that recovered to Clark AFB, the mission having lasted 13 hours. Post-strike assessment by teams of South Vietnamese troops with American advisors found evidence that the VC had departed the area before the raid, and it was suspected that infiltration of the south's forces may have tipped off the north because of the ARVN troops involved in the post-strike inspection.
Beginning in late 1965, a number of B-52Ds underwent "Big Belly" modifications to increase bomb capacity for carpet bombings. While the external payload remained at 24 500 pound (227 kg) or 750 pound (340 kg) bombs, the internal capacity increased from 27 to 84 500 pound bombs or from 27 to 42 750 pound bombs. The modification created enough capacity for a total of 60,000 pounds (27,215 kg) in 108 bombs. Thus modified, B-52Ds could carry 22,000 pounds (9,980 kg) more than B-52Fs. Designed to replace B-52Fs, modified B-52Ds entered combat in April 1966 flying from Andersen Air Force Base, Guam. Each bombing mission lasted 10 to 12 hours with an aerial refueling by KC-135 Stratotankers. In spring 1967, the aircraft began flying from U Tapao Airfield in Thailand giving the aircraft the advantage of not requiring in-flight refueling.
On 22 November 1972, a B-52D (55-0110) from U-Tapao was hit by a surface-to-air missile (SAM) while on a raid over Vinh. The crew was forced to abandon the damaged aircraft over Thailand. This was the first B-52 destroyed by hostile fire. In total, 31 B-52s were lost during the war, which included 10 B-52s shot down over North Vietnam.
The zenith of B-52 attacks in Vietnam was "Operation Linebacker II" (sometimes referred to as the Christmas Bombing) which consisted of waves of B-52s (mostly D models, but some Gs without jamming equipment and with a smaller bomb load). Over 12 days, B-52s flew 729 sorties and dropped 15,237 tons of bombs on Hanoi, Haiphong, and other targets. Originally 42 B-52s were committed to the war; however, numbers were frequently twice this figure. During "Operation Linebacker I", fifteen B-52s were shot down, five were heavily damaged (one crashed in Laos), and five suffered medium damage. A total of 25 crewmen were killed in these losses. North Vietnam claimed 34 B-52s were shot down.
Air-to-air victories.
During the Vietnam War, B-52D tail gunners were credited with shooting down two MiG-21 "Fishbeds". On 18 December 1972, tail gunner Staff Sergeant Samuel O. Turner's B-52 had just completed a bomb run for Operation Linebacker II and was turning away when a North Vietnamese Air Force MiG-21 approached. The MiG and the B-52 locked onto one another. When the fighter drew within range, Turner fired his quad (four guns on one mounting) .50 caliber machine guns. The MiG exploded aft of the bomber, a victory confirmed by Master Sergeant Lewis E. Le Blance, the tail gunner in a nearby Stratofortress. Turner received a Silver Star for his actions. His B-52, tail number 55-0676, is preserved on display with air-to-air kill markings at Fairchild AFB in Spokane, Washington.
On 24 December 1972, during the same bombing campaign, the B-52 "Diamond Lil" was headed to bomb the Thái Nguyên railroad yards when tail gunner Airman First Class Albert E. Moore spotted a fast-approaching MiG-21. Moore opened fire with his quad fifties at , and kept shooting until the fighter disappeared from his scope. Technical Sergeant Clarence W. Chute, a tail gunner aboard another Stratofortress, watched the MiG catch fire and fall away. The "Diamond Lil" is preserved on display at the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado. Moore was the last recorded bomber gunner to shoot down an enemy aircraft with machine guns in aerial combat.
Vietnamese sources have attributed a third air-to-air victory to a B-52, a MiG-21 shot down on 16 April 1972. These victories make the B-52 the largest aircraft credited with air-to-air kills. The last Arc Light mission without fighter escort took place on 15 August 1973, as U.S. military action in Vietnam was wound down.
Post Vietnam service.
B-52Bs reached the end of their structural service life by the mid-1960s and all were retired by June 1966, followed by the last of the B-52Cs on 29 September 1971; except for NASA's B-52B "008" which was eventually retired in 2004 at Edwards AFB, California. Another of the remaining B Models, "005" is on display at the Wings Over the Rockies Air and Space Museum in Denver, Colorado.
A few time-expired E models were retired in 1967 and 1968, but the bulk (82) were retired between May 1969 and March 1970. Most F models were also retired between 1967 and 1973, but 23 survived as trainers until late 1978. The fleet of D models served much longer; 80 D models were extensively overhauled under the "Pacer Plank" program during the mid-1970s. Skinning on the lower wing and fuselage was replaced, and various structural components were renewed. The fleet of D models stayed largely intact until late 1978, when 37 not already upgraded Ds were retired. The remainder were retired between 1982 and 1983.
The remaining G and H models were used for nuclear standby ("alert") duty as part of the United States' nuclear triad. This triad was the combination of nuclear-armed land-based missiles, submarine-based missiles and manned bombers. The B-1, intended to supplant the B-52, replaced only the older models and the supersonic FB-111. In 1991, B-52s ceased continuous 24-hour SAC alert duty.
After the fall of the Soviet Union, all B-52Gs remaining in service were destroyed per the terms of the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (START). The Aerospace Maintenance and Regeneraton Center (AMRC) cut the 365 B-52G bombers into pieces. Completion of the destruction task was verified by Russia via satellite and first-person inspection at the AMARC facility.
Gulf War and later.
B-52 strikes were an important part of Operation Desert Storm. Starting on 16 January 1991, a flight of B-52Gs flew from Barksdale AFB, Louisiana, refueled in the air en route, struck targets in Iraq, and returned home – a journey of 35 hours and 14,000 miles round trip. It set a record for longest-distance combat mission, breaking the record previously held by an RAF Vulcan bomber in 1982. B-52Gs operating from the King Abdullah Air Base at Jeddah, Saudi Arabia; RAF Fairford in the United Kingdom; Morón Air Base, Spain; and the island of Diego Garcia in the British Indian Ocean Territory flew bombing missions over Iraq, initially at low altitude. After the first three nights, the B-52s moved to high-altitude missions instead, which reduced their effectiveness and psychological impact compared to the low altitude role initially played.
The conventional strikes were carried out by three bombers, which dropped up to 153 750-pound bombs over an area of . The bombings demoralized the defending Iraqi troops, many of whom surrendered in the wake of the strikes. In 1999, the science and technology magazine "Popular Mechanics" described the B-52's role in the conflict: "The Buff's value was made clear during the Gulf War and Desert Fox. The B-52 turned out the lights in Baghdad." During Operation Desert Storm, B-52s flew about 1,620 sorties, and delivered 40% of the weapons dropped by coalition forces.
During the conflict, several claims of Iraqi air-to-air successes were made, including an Iraqi pilot, Khudai Hijab, who allegedly fired a Vympel R-27R missile from his MIG-29 and damaged a B-52G on the opening night of the Gulf War. However, the U.S. Air Force disputes this claim, stating the bomber was actually hit by friendly fire, an AGM-88 High-speed, Anti-Radiation Missile (HARM) that homed on the fire-control radar of the B-52's tail gun; the jet was subsequently renamed "In HARM's Way". Shortly following this incident, General George Lee Butler announced that the gunner position on B-52 crews would be eliminated, and the gun turrets permanently deactivated, commencing on 1 October 1991.
From 2 to 3 September 1996, two B-52H bombers conducted a mission as part of Operation Desert Strike. The B-52s struck Baghdad power stations and communications facilities with 13 AGM-86C conventional air-launched cruise missiles (CALCM) during a 34-hour, 16,000-mile round trip mission from Andersen AFB, Guam – the longest distance ever flown for a combat mission.
Since the mid-1990s, the B-52H has been the only variant remaining in military service; it is currently stationed at:
On 24 March 1999, when Operation Allied Force began, B-52 bombers bombarded Serb targets throughout the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, including during the Battle of Kosare.
The B-52 contributed to "Operation Enduring Freedom" in 2001 (Afghanistan/Southwest Asia), providing the ability to loiter high above the battlefield and provide Close Air Support (CAS) through the use of precision guided munitions, a mission which previously would have been restricted to fighter and ground attack aircraft. In late 2001, ten B-52s dropped a third of the bomb tonnage in Afghanistan. B-52s also played a role in "Operation Iraqi Freedom", which commenced on 20 March 2003 (Iraq/Southwest Asia). On the night of 21 March 2003, B-52Hs launched at least one hundred AGM-86C CALCMs at targets within Iraq.
In August 2007, a B-52H ferrying AGM-129 ACM cruise missiles from Minot Air Force Base to Barksdale Air Force Base for dismantling was mistakenly loaded with six missiles with their nuclear warheads. The weapons did not leave USAF custody and were secured at Barksdale.
, 78 of the original 744 B-52 aircraft were operational in the U.S. Air Force. Four of 18 B-52Hs from Barksdale AFB being retired are in the "boneyard" of 309th AMARG at Davis-Monthan AFB as of 8 September 2008.
Continued service.
B-52s are periodically refurbished at USAF maintenance depots such as Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma. Even while the air force works on its Next-Generation Bomber and 2037 Bomber projects, it intends to keep the B-52H in service until 2045, nearly 90 years after the B-52 first entered service and an unprecedented length of service for any aircraft, civilian or military. The aircraft has been upgraded so much that, according to Barry Posen, "there are dials in the B-52 cockpit that have not been connected to anything for years".
The USAF continues to rely on the B-52 because it remains an effective and economical heavy bomber, particularly in the type of missions that have been conducted since the end of the Cold War against nations that have limited air defense capabilities. The B-52 has the capacity to "loiter" for extended periods over (or even well outside) the battlefield, and deliver precision standoff and direct fire munitions. It has been a valuable asset in supporting ground operations during conflicts such as Operation Iraqi Freedom. The B-52 had the highest mission capable rate of the three types of heavy bombers operated by the USAF in 2001. The B-1 averaged a 53.7% ready rate and the Northrop Grumman B-2 Spirit achieved 30.3%, while the B-52 averaged 80.5% during the 2000–2001 period. The B-52's $72,000 cost per hour of flight is more than the $63,000 for the B-1B but almost half of the $135,000 of the B-2.
Additionally, a proposed variant of the B-52H was the EB-52. This version would have modified and augmented 16 B-52H airframes with additional electronic jamming capabilities. This new aircraft would have given the USAF an airborne jamming capability that it has lacked since retiring the EF-111 Raven. The program was canceled in 2005 following the removal of funds for the stand-off jammer. The program was revived in 2007, but funding was again cut in early 2009.
In 2012, it was announced that USAF engineering studies suggest that the life span of the B-52 could extend beyond 2040.
In July 2013, the air force began a fleet-wide technological upgrade of its B-52 bombers. The modernization efforts increase the electronics, communications technology, computing, and avionics in the cockpit. Structurally, the airframes are still sturdy, so the upgrades are to the capabilities and the avionics. The electronics and communications upgrade is called Combat Network Communications Technology (CONECT). CONECT upgrades include software and hardware such as new servers, modems, radios, data-links, receivers, and digital workstations for the crew. One piece is the ARC-210 Warrior, a beyond-line-of-sight software programmable radio able to transmit voice, data and information in real time between B-52s and ground command and control centers, allowing for the transmission and receipt of data packets and files with updated intelligence, mapping or targeting information while the aircraft is in flight. Previously, an in-flight target change required copying down coordinates, while the ARC-120 allows machine to machine transfer of that data. This is useful on long-endurance missions where targets may have changed locations in the time it takes for the B-52 to travel to the combat zone. The aircraft will be able to receive information through Link-16.
CONECT upgrades will cost $1.1 billion overall and take several years. Funding has been secured for 30 B-52s. Following that, upgrade plans, budgets, and timeframes for the remainder of the fleet are still being determined, although the Air Force hopes for 10 CONECT upgrades per year. Weapons upgrades include the 1760 Internal Weapons Bay Upgrade (IWBU), which gives a 66% increase in carriage capability. The IWBU uses a digital interface and rotary launcher to increase the weapons payload. It recently finished the technology demonstration phase and moved into the next phase of development in summer. The IWBU effort is expected to cost roughly $313 million. B-52 airframes may hold up beyond 2040, and these upgrades seek to maximize its usefulness, even with the Long Range Strike Bomber expected to enter service in the mid-2020s. The 1760 IWBU will allow the B-52 carry the AGM-158B JASSM-ER and the ADM-160C MALD-J. The government has awarded a contract to Boeing for six of the systems, for delivery by April 2016. After those have been installed and tested, a new contract will be awarded for procurement of an additional 38 units. All 1760 IWBUs should be online by October 2017. As opposed to three B-52s carrying 36 weapons, two bombers will have the ability to carry 40 weapons, lowering the number of crews and amounts of fuel needed for a mission, and gives the option of putting more weapons on target with the same number of aircraft. The 1760 IWBU allows precision-guided weapons to be deployed from inside the weapons bay, increasing the number of guided weapons a B-52 can carry and reducing the need for guided bombs to be carried externally on wing hardpoints. The first phase will allow a B-52 to carry 24 500-pound JDAMs or 20 2,000-pound JDAMs, with later phases accommodating the JASSM and MALD family of missiles.
Variants.
The B-52 went through several design changes and variants over its 10 years of production.
The B-52B was the first version to enter service with the USAF on 29 June 1955 with the 93rd Bombardment Wing at Castle AFB in California. This version included minor changes to engines and avionics, enabling an extra 12,000 pounds of thrust using water injection. Temporary grounding of the aircraft after a crash in February 1956 and again the following July caused training delays, and at mid-year there were still no combat-ready B-52 crews.
Survivors.
There are many B-52s still in use and others on static display at USAF bases and museums around the world.
Notable appearances in media.
The B-52 has been featured in a number of major films, most notably: "Bombers B-52" (1957), "A Gathering of Eagles" (1963), "" (1964), and "By Dawn's Early Light" (1990). It has also been featured in numerous novels, such as most of the early Patrick McLanahan novels by Dale Brown, which feature one or more heavily modified B-52 bombers, nicknamed the "EB-52 Megafortress". A 1960s hairstyle, the beehive, is also called a B-52 for its resemblance to the aircraft's distinct nose. The popular band The B-52's was subsequently named after this hairstyle.

</doc>
<doc id="18933044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933044" title="ABC International School">
ABC International School

The Anglophone British Curriculum International School provides education to students from K-13, which includes those from 2–18 years old. Established in 1995, the school currently has enrolled approximately 900 students from thirty-seven nations in the world including Viet Nam. The ABC international school is a multi-national school.
Teachers.
78% of the teachers come from Ireland and Britain; with others coming from New Zealand, Australia, Philippines, China and France. By the beginning of the academic year 2008/09 the school's teachers could possibly increase to 70. Mr Ian Bosonnet is currently the head of exam boards and Safety.
Students.
By the academic year of 2009/2010, a total of more than 900 students have enrolled for the program. The school encourages students to speak English. The main purpose for this proposal is to improve the level of English for most students as a whole, to prepare them for the future by improving their ability to communicate with people internationally . 
Besides the result of achievement in academic, teacher also awards student house points for their particular positive attitudes toward their efforts, progression, artworks and their surrounding community. The house points are recorded every week, the competition's also held every week between the houses. Individual competition awarded with particular certificates when students achieved a certain amount of housepoint. 50 housepoints students were given a Bronze award, whilst 100 for Silver and 150 for Gold. Platinum awards are also awarded to those who receive 250 housepoints, Diamond awards are awarded when a student achieves 500 housepoints which the award would be given to them at the end of the year.
School.
The school ground is divided in different group of students. It's holding three campuses in Ho Chi Minh city, one at 28 Truong Dinh street, district 3 which is specialized in giving education to students from Kindergarten to Year 2. The other two campuses are located in Trung Son area,not far off from the residential area of Phu My Hung. One campus is also for students from Kindergarten to Year 2, the other is built two years earlier, only available to Ks2- Ks5's students.
After completing year 9, similarly to the British National Curriculum. Students take their 2 years of IGCSE and the other 2 years of A Level. Even though there were suggestions for the school to give qualification to IB, however the idea was rejected by a series of reasons.
Inter-school involvements.
ABCIS regularly takes part in inter-school matches with other international schools in Ho Chi Minh.
The school is also involved in the annual Federation of British International Schools in South East Asia, a festival of sport and music.

</doc>
<doc id="18933051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933051" title="Olav Engelbrektsson">
Olav Engelbrektsson

Olav Engelbrektsson ( c. 1480, Trondenes, Norway – 7 February 1538, Lierre, Duchy of Brabant, Habsburg Netherlands ) was the 28th Archbishop of Norway from 1523 to 1537, the Regent of Norway from 1533 to 1537, a member and later president of the "Riksråd" ( Royal Council of Norway ), and a member of the Norwegian nobility. He was the last Roman Catholic to be the Archbishop of Norway before he fled to exile in 1537.
After his death, Olav Engelbrektsson was given a "bad reputation as an untrustworthy and scheming prelate" [ "dårlig ettermæle som en upålitelig og intrigant prelat" ] by the Protestant historians. His reputation did not improve after 1814, when Norway made its declaration of independence from Sweden, because he was still blamed for promoting the Catholic Church at the expense of Norwegian independence. But the later historians – Absalon Taranger in 1917, Sverre Steen in 1935 and Lars Hamre in 1998 – have rehabilitated most of his reputation with detailed studies and labeled most of the accusations as unfair.
Background.
Olav Engelbrektsson is believed to have been born at Trondenes near Harstad in Troms around 1480 as the son of Engelbrekt Gunnarsson and Jorunn. Engelbrekt Gunnarson was a "bondefører" ( a leader of farmers ) and "storbonde" ( a large landowner ) in Romerike in Eastern Norway around 1447. He kept getting in arguments and fights with the Danish bailiff Lasse Skjold and eventually killed him. Researchers believe that that is why Engelbrekt and Jorunn moved to Trondenes, where his son Aslak was already living because, at that time, Aslak was the wealthiest man between Bergen and Senja. Young Olav was raised in a home that was always opposing the Danish overseers, and that might have been one of the several influences of his attitude towards the Danes in his years as the Archbishop.
Olav Engelbrektsson was from an old landowning family in Romerike, and it is often claimed that he and his family belonged to the gentry. King Christian I of Denmark was supposed to have ennobled Engelbrekt Gunnarson and his descendants sometime before 1480 but, in 1961, cand. philol. Trygve Lysaker wrote that the documentation did not exist to such a claim. Nevertheless the family had a coat of arms – a blue shield showing a red rose surrounded by three lilies.
Five of Olav's relatives belonged to the clergy. Two of them were his paternal uncles Sakse Gunnarsson and Gunnar Gunnarson. Gunnar was a canon in Oslo, a profession that even some of his own sons chose. It is known that Olav and four of these relatives studied at foreign universities. His uncle Sakse was the one who gave Olav clerical education.
There is a prevailing theory among the Norwegian genealogists that Olav Engelbrektsson was not the first member of his family to be the Archbishop of Nidaros. But, throughout his life, the records were more concerned with the church, the politics and the wars than with the families. So there may not be enough evidence to prove that Olav was the grandnephew of the 25th Archbishop Olav Trondsson, the nephew of the 26th Archbishop Gaute Ivarsson and the uncle of his own successor, Torbjørn Olavssøn Bratt, the first Lutheran "superintendent" of Trondheim. He did help with the education and careers of Torbjørn and his brother, Jens Olavssøn Bratt, but their biographies at "Norsk Biografisk Leksikon" do not name him as their uncle. It is the same with the possibility that Olav's mother might be the daughter of Ivar Trondsson from the Aspa family in Frei in Nordmøre.
Education.
Olav Engelbrektsson was enrolled in 1503 at the University of Rostock in Germany, which at that time had between 400 and 500 students. He was already ordained as a priest but he wanted to continue his studies. He eventually took examinations to earn several more degrees at the University – a baccalaureus in 1505 and a Magister's degree in 1507. At the University, theology was being taught by conservatives from the Catholic Church but the city of Rostock was once the center of North German humanism. There were several reformists who came to the University as guest speakers over the years but, when Olav was a student there, the regular teaching was left to the conservatives because the department of theology was led by a deputy commissioner of the business of papal indulgences of the city.
Olav Engelbrektsson soon became the leader of the Norwegian Collegiate Club, called "Regentia Sancti Olavi" [ Senate of St. Olav ] in the memory of the martyred King of Norway, Olav the Holy. They were located in a separate building under the Norwegian name of "St. Olavs hus" [ House of St. Olav ]. Among the students, Engelbrektsson was known as a very sociable person, but not particularly charismatic, and he was not the one who usually followed the ways and beliefs of the club. He became acquainted with, among others, the brothers from Sweden, Johannes Magnus and Olaus Magnus. The brothers would be the last two Catholics to be the Archbishop of Uppsala, but Olaus is still famous for his map of Scandinavia, the "Carta Marina" of 1537. Engelbrektsson were especially good friends with another Swede, Laurentius Andreae, the archdeacon of Uppsala who quickly became one of the leaders of the Protestant Reformation of Sweden under Gustavus Vasa. By 1515, Olav Engelbrektsson had been at the University for eleven years and had even taught for his own studies, including a brief period at the Catholic University of Louvain. But in 1515 he decided that it was the time to return to his homeland.
The Dean of Nidaros.
When he returned to Norway, Olav Engelbrektsson was briefly mentioned as a canon in Oslo but, by 10 May 1515, he was already in Nidaros ( now Trondheim ) as a canon. Seven months later, on 17 December 1515, he was promoted to the Dean of Nidaros, with a Papal dispensation from Pope Leo X to succeed the late Peter Jonsson Stut. Although he was only thirty years old at that time, Olav became the second most important member in the Cathedral Chapter, next to the Archbishop of Nidaros, the Dane Erik Walkendorf. Walkendorf had been appointed to his post in 1510 by King Christian II of Denmark and Norway without any consultation or recommendations from the Cathedral Chapter.
Olav Engelbrektsson was responsible for the production of the sermons in the Nidaros Cathedral and probably sat on the editorial staff of the book for the Mass at the Cathedral, the "Missale Nidrosiense" [ Latin, "Missal of Nidaros" ], the first book printed in the Norwegian language. Along with the cantor Peter Sigurdsson, Archbishop Walkendorf had the missal printed in Copenhagen in 1519. According to the church historian Oluf Kolsrud, it is "with his careful treatment of the Latin text, the excellent proof of Olav's learning" [ "med sin omhyggelige behandling av den latinske tekstform et ypperlig bevis for Olavs lærdom" ]. A few years later, another book of liturgy was also published for Nidaros with the title of the "Breviarium Nidrosiense" [ Latin, "Breviary of Niadros" ]. Olav was on good terms with Walkendorf and became his representative, i.e., the head of the ecclesiastical proceedings within the Archdiocese. It also appears that he was also the Archbishop's economist and accountant.
When Walkendorf fled from the tyranny of King Christian II in 1521, the authority of the Archdiocese went to the Cathedral Chapter, whose chairman was Olav Engelbrektsson. Account books, the "Register paa Sancta Oluffa Ioerdher" ( a register of properties, ca. 1533 ) and extensive building activities suggests that Olaf was a "talented and versatile administrator" [ "dyktig og allsidig administrator" ] according to historian Øystein Rian. Olav Engelbrektsson began the complete reconstruction of the Archbishop's Palace, whose hall in the north wing and parts of the west wing had been destroyed by the Danish troops in 1532.
The Archbishop of Nidaros.
The Beginning.
In 1522, the news came to Nidaros that Walkendorf had died in Rome. The Cathedral Chapter then unanimously elected on 13 April 1522 Olav Engelbrektsson as the new Archbishop of Nidaros, and he therefore went to Rome for his pallium. Just over a month before the election, King Christian II had fled to the Habsburg Netherlands after the nobles revolted with the help from the Duchy of Schleswig - Holstein. This was known to the Cathedral Chapter when Olav Engelbrektsson was chosen because it still had to send a letter to the King for his approval of the election. On his way to Rome, Olav stopped in Mechelen, Flanders, for a visit with the King, who had been living in exile in the Duchy of Burgundy, because Christian II was still legally the King of Norway. Olav hailed the King, pledged his allegiance to him and delivered the Cathedral Chapter's letter to him. He left with the King's approval.
However, for his pallium, Olav had to wait in Rome for the election of the next Pope because Adrian VI had just died on 14 September 1523. During his stay, Olav met the Bavarian scholar, Jacob Ziegler, and gave him the information that went into Ziegler's major treatise of geography, "Schondia", published in Strasbourg in 1532. Engelbrektsson’s statements about his homeland showed his deep sense of nationalism and his distrust of the Danish officials who had been oppressing his homeland. When Giulio de' Medici was elected as Pope Clement VII on 19 November 1523, Olav could finally have his pallium and go home. He was consecrated as the Archbishop of Nidaros by the new Pope in December 1523. On Christmas Day, Olav left Rome for home.
Engelbrektsson probably would not have been the Archbishop of Nidaros, had the King of Denmark had the complete control of Norway. But the situation was left unsettled when Christian II fled to exile and Frederick I would not be legally elected by the "Riksråd" of Norway as the next King of Norway until 1524.
The "Riksråd" Assembly of 1524.
As the new Archbishop of Nidaros, Engelbrektsson automatically gained a seat in the "Riksråd". So he was present at the national meeting in Bergen in August 1524, when the councilors built an agreement, which Frederick would have to accept and sign if he wished to be the King of Norway. According to the historian Audun Dybdahl, it was a mere formality, delaying the coronation. First and foremost, Norway was to be an equal partner with Denmark in their union, with its administration to be done by its own National Council and the same Council was to have the say and consent in the matters of national taxation and foreign policies. Moreover, the laws and church of Norway were to be respected and all the documents of the Norwegian archives were to be returned to Norway, and the King was to help in regaining all the lands Norway had lost under the previous Kings. There were also many conditions that strengthened the power and privileges of the local nobility and clergy. It is not clear who was the main mover behind the politics during the meeting – Vincens Lunge or Olav Engelbrektsson. Lunge and Henrik Krummedike had originally been sent to Norway as its "rikshovmeisters" [ Lord High Stewards ].
The politics of the "Riksråd" were influenced by the conditions inspired by the previous changes in the Throne of Denmark and the national wishes and needs matched the attitudes and beliefs of Olav Engelbrektsson. The results were outlined in a meeting between the Archbishop, the Bishop of Hamar ( Mogens Lauritssøn ) and the notables from "Østlandet" ( East Norway ) in May 1524. Befoe that meeting, Olav was able to secure the royal approval of the eventual agreement from King Frederick with the help of Mogens, who had gone to Copenhagen for the negotiations with the King. 
Afterwards, on 5 August 1524, the "Riksråd" elected Frederick as the new King of Norway and swore its allegiance to him. Two days later, in Copenhagen, he was crowned as the King of Denmark and Norway. But he never went to Nidaros to be formally crowned as the King of Norway. But Engelbrektsson did not trust him. He constantly worked to keep Nidaros from holding the coronation of Frederick as the King of Norway and he managed to delay it three times. The Archbishop wanted Christian II, the King's nephew, to return as the King of Norway.
The Struggles of the Archbishop.
For the next twelve years until 1536, Olav Engelbrektsson was virtually the leader of Norway, serving as the defender of the Catholic faith against the hordes of the Reformation, while his cousin, Admiral Kristoffer Trondson handled the military defenses for him. As the Archbishop, Olav built the Steinvikholm Castle outside Trondheim.
But the Catholic Church was not the only concern of the Archbishop. He also constantly tried to break Norway away from the bonds that bound her to Denmark but he constantly failed. His failures paved the way for the submission of Norway to the Danish crown, marking the end of both Norwegian independence and Catholicism. 
The Feud with Vincens Lunge.
The impetuosity and recklessness in the implementation of the policy in Bergen after the election, is most often been attributed to Vincens Lunge. From 1524 to 1525 he pushed partly to have Henrik Krummedike deprived of all his Norwegian "len", and partly to give the Akershus Castle to Oluf Galle, both in defiance of the wishes of the King. In Denmark, Lunge was believed to be the man behind the more aggressive policies, while the archbishop was seen as more deliberate.
Øystein Rian believes that Olaf Engelbrektsson's official actions in the years between 1524 and 1528 indicate that he was a supporter of a "careful line" [ "forsktig linje" ]. His position as the head of the "Riksråd" was weakened by Vincent Lunge's headstrong line. However, it was still strengthened by the fact that Lunge was still the King's governor in the fjords of North Norway. According to Rian, King Frederick and the Royal Council of Denmark knew the difference between the boldness of Lunge and the forbearance of others. Lunge also weakened the Norwegian cooperation by going after the properties of other noble families, directly challenging them. He also interfered with their disputes over their inheritances. Olav Engelbrektsson even began to be suspicious when Lunge expressed his sympathy for the teachings of Martin Luther and others, which had also made enemies out of the Bishop of Bergen, Olav Torkelsson, and the Bishop of Stavanger, Hoskuld Hoskuldsson. 
Lunge added fire to the enmity in Bergen, then the second largest city in Norway, by razing several ecclesiastical buildings to the ground, by allowing the Lutherans to stay in the city in 1526, and by bringing two Lutheran preachers to preach in the city's churches in 1529. These preachers had their letters of protection from the King himself and the King also secularized, in the same year, the Nonneseter Monastery in Bergen. He offered it to Lunge and he accepted it, turning it into his personal ( and fortified ) residence, Lungegården. 
The Archbishop was furious at the actions of Lunge. He went out in the open against him and his mother-in-law, Inger Ottesdotter Romer ( Lady Inger of Austrått ), by ordering the looting of Austrått and seizing the control of its associated properties, while Lady Inger fled to Bergen. Engelbrektsson had been promised support from Christian II's brother-in-law, Emperor Charles V of the Holy Roman Empire, but the support did not materialize. The Archbishop was forced to make a new oath of allegiance to Frederick I, pay the compensation and make peace with Vincens Lunge and Lady Inger.
The Feud with the Two Kings.
In March 1532, Engelbrektsson was recorded as paying 46.3 lbs. ( 21 kg ) of silver, in minter form, to mercenaries hired by Christian II during his unsuccessful struggle against Frederick I for the throne of Denmark and Norway. When Christian lost the war in July, Archbishop Engelbrektsson was fined heavily for his support with the amount of 15,000 Danish marks, the equivalent of about 295.4 lbs. ( 134 kg ) of silver, to be paid in three installments.
The 1533 accession of the new King of Denmark, Christian III, escalated the political situation; here was a king who was serious not only about bringing Norway into the Kingdom of Denmark but also bringing the Protestant Reformation to Norway. For Engelbrektsson as the representative of the Vatican in Norway, the news were naturally not welcome. As his response, he tried to formalize Norwegian sovereignty and independence at a meeting of the Norwegian Privy Council at Bud but failed.
The Murder of Vincens Lunge.
Tensions rose in 1536, when the Danish Privy Council declared Norway to be the province of the Kingdom of Denmark. Vincens Lunge was sent back to Norway as the "rikshovmeister" [ Lord High Steward ] to enforce the annexation. The response was not friendly; he was murdered by followers of Olav. The actual murder of Lunge was said to have taken place at the hands of Engelbrektsson's cousin, Admiral Kristoffer Trondson, Norway's military commander who had been fighting against Danish ships with the funds mostly from the Netherlands.
Exile and Death.
In 1536, Olav fled Steinvikholm Castle to Nidarholm Abbey on Munkholmen ( Norwegian, "Monk's Isle" ), a little island just outside Trondheim, and sent the winter there.
In the following spring, on 3 May 1537, Mary of Austria, the Governor of the Netherlands at that time, agreed to a truce of three years with Christian III. One of the paragraphs of the agreement specifically referred to Olav Engelbrektsson, allowing him the possibility of emigration to any country of his choice with his personal belongings. If he was already in captivity, he was to be freed immediately. But, by then, he had already been in the Habsburg Netherlands for two days.
The Archbishop had waited as long as he could to leave Norway. His last act as the Archbishop of Nidaros was the consecration of Sigmundur Eyjólfsson of Iceland as the Bishop of Skálholt on Palm Sunday, 25 March 1537, in the ruins of the Cathedral of Nidaros. A week later, on Easter Sunday, 1 April 1537, the Archbishop left Nidaros with 60 followers. He took the archives of the Archdiocese, including the "Register paa Sancta Oluffa Ioerdher", with him. but he left behind St. Olav's shrine and other valuables. However, he was saddled ( possibly unfairly ) with the reputation of having looted the Nidaros Cathedral. After his death, his archives went to the Louis V, the Elector of the Palatinate, in Heidelberg and later to the Bavarian Royal Archives in Munich but in 1830 they were returned to Norway.
On 1 May 1537, the Archbishop and his entourage arrived at Enkhuizen, a port of the Duchy of Burgundy, to a hearty welcome. They were assigned to Lierre ( now Lier, Belgium ) in the Duchy of Brabant, where he died on 6 February 1538. He is buried under the high altar of the Church of Saint Gommaire in Lierre. His grave is marked by a plaque, unveiled on 21 May 2003 by Queen Sonja of Norway on her official visit to Belgium and made by a resident of Trondheim, Marit Wiklund. 
Legacy.
"A Midnight Opera".
The drama of the Olav Engelbrektsson saga, including the violent murder of Niels Lykke, is reenacted in a modern opera in Trondheim. The murder of Nils Lykke is dramatized with a song. Created in 1993, the opera has been ongoing since 2009; it is held biannually on the premises of the Steinvikholm Castle in the evenings during the summer. But it is held only every two years to protect the condition of the grounds of the ancient castle. The opera was originally funded with grants from the Norwegian Ministry of Culture.
Vodka in Norway.
But the life of Olav Engelbrektsson was not entirely "Sturm und Drang". He also introduced vodka to Norway as a universal remedy and drink. In 1531, he was given a package, with the letter dated 13 April 1531, from Eske Bille, then the "rikshovmeister" at the Bergenhus Fortress. Bille wrote in his letter that the package contained "some water . . . which is called Aqua vite and helps the same water for all his illness that a man can have internally and externally" [ "nogit watn . . . som kallis Aqua vite och hielper szamme watn for alle hande kranchdom som ith menniske kandt haffue indwortis" ]. At that time, "Aqua vita" ( Latin, "water of life" ) was the common name of vodka. The letter is the earliest known mention of either vodka or akvavit in Scandinavia. The supplied alcohol probably came from Denmark, where it was already quite popular. Perhaps at that time Engelbrektsson began to produce vodka in Nidaros. Today Norway is one of the major producers and consumers of vodka, the east end of the so-called "vodka belt".

</doc>
<doc id="18933066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933066" title="Florida">
Florida

Florida is a state in the southeastern region of the United States, bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico, to the north by Alabama and Georgia, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, and to the south by the Straits of Florida. Florida is the 22nd most extensive, the 4th most populous, and the 8th most densely populated of the 50 United States. The state capital is Tallahassee, the largest city is Jacksonville, and the largest metropolitan area is the Miami metropolitan area.
Much of Florida is a peninsula between the Gulf of Mexico, the Atlantic Ocean, and the Straits of Florida. Its geography is notable for a coastline, omnipresent water and the threat of hurricanes. Florida has the longest coastline in the contiguous United States, encompassing approximately , and is the only state that borders both the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean. Much of the state is at or near sea level and is characterized by sedimentary soil. The climate varies from subtropical in the north to tropical in the south. Some of its most iconic animals, such as the American alligator, crocodile, Florida panther and the manatee, can be found in the Everglades National Park.
Since the first European contact was made in 1513 by Spanish explorer Juan Ponce de León – who named it "La Florida" ( "Flowery Land") upon landing there during the Easter season, "Pascua Florida" – Florida was a challenge for the European colonial powers before it gained statehood in the United States in 1845. It was a principal location of the Seminole Wars against the Indians, and racial segregation after the American Civil War. Today, it is distinguished by its large Hispanic community, and high population growth, as well as its increasing environmental concerns. Its economy relies mainly on tourism, agriculture, and transportation, which developed in the late 19th century. Florida is also known for its amusement parks, the production of oranges, and the Kennedy Space Center.
Florida culture is a reflection of influences and multiple inheritance; Native American, European American, Hispanic and African American heritages can be found in the architecture and cuisine. Florida has attracted many writers such as Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings, Ernest Hemingway and Tennessee Williams, and continues to attract celebrities and athletes. It is internationally known for golf, tennis, auto racing, and water sports.
History.
Archaeological research indicates that Florida was first inhabited by Paleo-Indians, the first human inhabitants of the Americas, perhaps as early as 14 thousand years ago. The region was continuously inhabited through the Archaic period (to about 2000 BC). After about 500 BC the previously relatively uniform Archaic culture began to coalesce into distinctive local cultures.
By the 16th century, the earliest time for which there is a historical record, major Native American groups included the Apalachee (of the Florida Panhandle), the Timucua (of northern and central Florida), the Ais (of the central Atlantic coast), the Tocobaga (of the Tampa Bay area), the Calusa (of southwest Florida) and the Tequesta (of the southeastern coast).
European arrival (1513).
Florida was the first part of what is now the continental United States to be visited by Europeans. The earliest known European explorers came with the Spanish conquistador Juan Ponce de León. According to the "500TH Florida Discovery Council Round Table", on March 3, 1513, Ponce de Leon, organized and equipped three ships which began an expedition (with a crew of 200, including women and free blacks), departing from Punta Aguada Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico was the historic first gateway to the discovery of Florida, which opened the doors to the advanced settlement of the U.S. They introduced Christianity, cattle, horses, sheep, the Spanish language and more to Florida.
Ponce de León spotted the peninsula on April 2, 1513. According to his chroniclers, he named the region "La Florida" ("flowery land") because it was then the Easter Season, known in Spanish as "Pascua Florida" (roughly "Flowery Easter"), and because the vegetation was in bloom. Juan Ponce de León may not have been the first European to reach Florida, however; reportedly, at least one indigenous tribesman whom he encountered in Florida in 1513 spoke Spanish. From 1513 onward, the land became known as "La Florida". After 1630, and throughout the 18th century, Tegesta (after the Tequesta tribe) was an alternate name of choice for the Florida peninsula following publication of a map by the Dutch cartographer Hessel Gerritsz in Joannes de Laet's "History of the New World".
The horse, which the natives had eaten into extinction 10,000 years ago, was reintroduced into North America with the European explorers and into Florida in 1538. As the animals were lost or stolen, they began to become feral.
Over the following century, both the Spanish and French established settlements in Florida with varying degrees of success. In 1559, Don Tristán de Luna y Arellano established a colony at present-day Pensacola, one of the first European attempts at settlement in the continental United States. It was abandoned by 1561 due to hurricanes, famine, and warring tribes, and the area was not re-inhabited until the 1690s.
French Protestant Huguenots founded Fort Caroline in modern-day Jacksonville in 1564. The following year, the Spanish colony of St. Augustine (San Agustín) was established, and forces from there conquered Fort Caroline that same year. The Spanish maintained tenuous control over the region by converting the local tribes, briefly with Jesuits and later with Franciscan friars.
The area of Spanish Florida diminished with the establishment of English colonies to the north and French colonies to the west. The English weakened Spanish power in the area by supplying their Creek and Yamasee allies with firearms and urging them to raid the Timucuan and Apalachee client-tribes of the Spanish. The English attacked St. Augustine, burning the city and its cathedral to the ground several times, while the citizens hid behind the walls of the Castillo de San Marcos.
Florida attracted numerous Africans and African Americans from the southern British colonies in North America who sought freedom from slavery. Once in Florida, the Spanish Crown converted them to Roman Catholicism and gave them freedom. Those freedmen settled in a community north of St. Augustine, called Gracia Real de Santa Teresa de Mose, the first free black settlement of its kind in what became the United States. Many of those slaves were also welcomed by Creek and Seminole Native Americans, who had established settlements in the region at the invitation of the Spanish government.
Great Britain gained control of Florida and other territory diplomatically in 1763 through the Peace of Paris following its defeat of France in the Seven Years' War, and exchanges with Spain of possessions. The British divided their new acquisitions into East Florida, with its capital at St. Augustine, and West Florida, with its capital at Pensacola.
Britain tried to develop the Floridas through the importation of immigrants for labor, but this project ultimately failed. Spain received both Floridas after Britain's defeat by the American colonies and the subsequent Treaty of Versailles in 1783, continuing the division into East and West Florida. They offered land grants to anyone who settled in the colonies, and many Americans moved to them.
After settler attacks on Indian towns, Seminole Indians based in East Florida began raiding Georgia settlements, purportedly at the behest of the Spanish. The United States Army led increasingly frequent incursions into Spanish territory, including the 1817–1818 campaign against the Seminole Indians by Andrew Jackson that became known as the First Seminole War. Following the war, the United States effectively controlled East Florida.
Spain cedes Florida to the United States (1819).
In 1819, by terms of the Adams-Onís Treaty, Spain ceded Florida to the United States in exchange for $5 million and the American renunciation of any claims on Texas that they might have from the Louisiana Purchase. The free blacks and Indian slaves, Black Seminoles, living near St. Augustine, fled to Havana, Cuba to avoid coming under US control. Some Seminole also abandoned their settlements and moved further south. Hundreds of Black Seminoles and fugitive slaves escaped in the early nineteenth century from Cape Florida to The Bahamas, where they settled on Andros Island.
In 1830, the Indian Removal Act was passed and as settlement increased, pressure grew on the United States government to remove the Indians from their lands in Florida. To the chagrin of Georgia landowners, the Seminoles harbored and integrated runaway blacks, known as the Black Seminoles, and clashes between whites and Indians grew with the influx of new settlers. In 1832, the United States government signed the Treaty of Payne's Landing with some of the Seminole chiefs, promising them lands west of the Mississippi River if they agreed to leave Florida voluntarily. Many of the Seminoles left at this time, while those who remained prepared to defend their claims to the land. The U.S. Army arrived in 1835 to enforce the treaty under pressure from white settlers, and the Second Seminole War began at the end of the year with the Dade Massacre, when Seminoles ambushed and killed or mortally wounded all but one in a group of 110 Army troops, plus Major Dade and seven officers, marching from Fort Brooke (Tampa) to reinforce Fort King (Ocala).
Between 900 and 1,500 Seminole Indian warriors employed guerrilla tactics against United States Army troops for seven years until 1842. The U.S. government is estimated to have spent between $20 million and $40 million on the war, at the time an astronomical sum. A total of approximately 3,000 Seminole and 800 Black Seminole were removed to Indian Territory; the US finally gave up its fight against the few hundred Seminole in Florida, who were deep in the Everglades and impossible to defeat or dislodge.
On March 3, 1845, Florida became the 27th state of the United States of America, as a slave state, although initially its population grew slowly. White settlers continued to encroach on lands used by the Seminoles, and the United States government resolved to make another effort to move the remaining Seminoles to the West. The Third Seminole War lasted from 1855 to 1858, and resulted in the removal of most of the remaining Seminoles. Even after three bloody wars, the U.S. Army failed to force all of the Seminole Indians in Florida to the West. Though most of the Seminoles were forcibly exiled to Creek lands west of the Mississippi, hundreds, including Seminole leader Aripeka (Sam Jones), remained in the Everglades and refused to leave. Their descendants remain there to this day and two tribes in Florida are federally recognized.
White settlers began to establish cotton plantations in Florida, which required numerous laborers, which they supplied by buying slaves in the domestic market. In the development of the Deep South, nearly one million African Americans were forced to move to the region through slavery. By 1860 Florida had only 140,424 people, of whom 44% were enslaved. There were fewer than 1000 free African Americans before the Civil War.
American Civil War.
On January 10, 1861, before the start of the American Civil War, Florida declared its secession from the Union; ten days later, the state became a founding member of the Confederate States of America. Nonetheless, Confederate authorities expected little in the way of help from Florida and offered it even less. The 15,000 men it eventually offered up for service were generally sent elsewhere and before long, Northern papers referred to the state as "the smallest tadpole in the dirty pool of secession." The largest engagements in the state were the battle of Olustee on February 20, 1864 and the battle of Natural Bridge, just south of Tallahassee, on March 6, 1865. Both were Confederate victories. The war ended in 1865. On June 25, 1868, Florida's congressional representation was restored.
After Reconstruction, white Democrats succeeded in regaining power in the state legislature in the 1870s. In 1885 they created a new constitution, followed by statutes through 1889 that effectively disfranchised most blacks and many poor whites over the next several years. Provisions included poll taxes, literacy tests, and residency requirements. Disfranchisement for most African Americans in the state persisted until the Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s gained federal legislation in 1965 to enforce protection of their constitutional suffrage.
20th century.
Until the mid-20th century, Florida was the least populous Southern state. In 1900 its population was only 528,542, of whom nearly 44% were African American. The boll weevil devastated cotton crops, and early 20th-century lynchings and racial violence caused a record number of African Americans to leave the state in the Great Migration to northern and midwestern industrial cities. Forty thousand blacks, roughly one-fifth of their 1900 population, left for better opportunities.
Historically, Florida's economy was based upon agricultural products such as cattle farming, sugarcane, citrus, tomatoes, and strawberries.
Economic prosperity in the 1920s stimulated tourism to Florida and related development of hotels and resort communities. Combined with its sudden elevation in profile was the Florida land boom of the 1920s, which brought a brief period of intense land development. Devastating hurricanes in 1926 and 1928, followed by the stock market crash and Great Depression, brought that period to a halt.
Florida's economy did not fully recover until the military buildup for World War II.
The climate, tempered by the growing availability of air conditioning, and low cost of living made the state a haven. Migration from the Rust Belt and the Northeast sharply increased the population after the war. In recent decades, more migrants have come for the jobs in a developing economy. With a population of more than 18 million according to the 2010 census, Florida is the most populous state in the Southeastern United States, the second most populous state in the South behind Texas, and the fourth most populous in the United States.
Geography.
Much of the state of Florida is situated on a peninsula between the Gulf of Mexico, the Atlantic Ocean and the Straits of Florida. Spanning two time zones, it extends to the northwest into a panhandle, extending along the northern Gulf of Mexico. It is bordered on the north by the states of Georgia and Alabama, and on the west, at the end of the panhandle, by Alabama. It is near several Caribbean countries, particularly The Bahamas and Cuba. Florida is one of the largest states east of the Mississippi River, and only Alaska and Michigan are larger in water area.
At above mean sea level, Britton Hill is the highest point in Florida and the lowest highpoint of any U.S. state. Much of the state south of Orlando is low-lying and fairly level; much of Florida has an elevation of less than 12 feet, including many populated areas such as Miami which are located on the coast. Miami and other parts of south Florida are the most vulnerable regions in the world to rising sea levels associated with global warming.
However some places such as Clearwater feature vistas that rise above the water. Much of Central and North Florida, typically or more away from the coastline, features rolling hills with elevations ranging from . The highest point in peninsular Florida (east and south of the Suwanee River), Sugarloaf Mountain, is a peak in Lake County.
Boundaries.
The state line begins in the Atlantic Ocean, traveling west, south, and north up the thalweg of the Saint Mary's River. At the origin of that river, it then follows a straight line nearly due west and slightly north, to the point where the confluence of the Flint River (from Georgia) and the Chattahoochee River (down the Alabama/Georgia line) used to form Florida's Apalachicola River. (Since Woodruff Dam was built, this point has been under Lake Seminole.)
The border with Georgia continues north through the lake for a short distance up the former thalweg of the Chattahoochee, then with Alabama runs due west along latitude 31°N to the Perdido River, then south along its thalweg to the Gulf via Perdido Bay. The water boundary is offshore in the Atlantic Ocean and offshore in the Gulf of Mexico. Much of the state is at or near sea level.
Climate.
The climate of Florida is tempered somewhat by the fact that no part of the state is very distant from the ocean. North of Lake Okeechobee, the prevalent climate is humid subtropical (Köppen: "Cfa"), while coastal areas south of the lake (including the Florida Keys) have a true tropical climate (Köppen: "Aw"). Mean high temperatures for late July are primarily in the low 90s Fahrenheit (32–34 °C). Mean low temperatures for early to mid January range from the low 40s Fahrenheit (4–7 °C) in northern Florida to above from Miami on southward. With an average daily temperature of , it is the warmest state in the country.
In the summer, high temperatures in the state seldom exceed 100 °F (38 °C). Several record cold maxima have been in the 30s °F (−1 to 4 °C) and record lows have been in the 10s (−12 to −7 °C). These temperatures normally extend at most a few days at a time in the northern and central parts of Florida. Southern Florida, however, rarely encounters freezing temperatures.
The hottest temperature ever recorded in Florida was , which was set on June 29, 1931 in Monticello. The coldest temperature was , on February 13, 1899, just away, in Tallahassee.
Due to its subtropical climate, Florida rarely receives snow. However, on very rare occasions, a combination of cold moisture and freezing temperatures can result in snowfall. Frost is more common than snow, occurring several times during the winter months.
The USDA Plant hardiness zones for the state range from zone 8a (no colder than ) in the inland western panhandle to zone 11b (no colder than ) in the lower Florida Keys.
Florida's nickname is the "Sunshine State", but severe weather is a common occurrence in the state. Central Florida is known as the lightning capital of the United States, as it experiences more lightning strikes than anywhere else in the country.
Florida leads the United States in tornadoes per area (when including waterspouts) but they do not typically reach the intensity of those in the Midwest and Great Plains. Hail often accompanies the most severe thunderstorms.
Hurricanes pose a severe threat during hurricane season, which lasts from June 1 to November 30, although some storms have been known to form out of season. Florida is the most hurricane-prone state, with subtropical or tropical water on a lengthy coastline. From 1851 to 2006, Florida has been struck by 114 hurricanes, 37 of them major—category 3 and above. It is rare for a hurricane season to pass without any impact in the state by at least a tropical storm. For category 4 or higher storms which have struck the United States, 83% have either hit Florida or Texas. August to October is the most likely period for a hurricane in Florida.
In 2004, Florida was hit by a record four hurricanes. Hurricanes Charley (August 13), Frances (September 4–5), Ivan (September 16), and Jeanne (September 25–26) cumulatively cost the state's economy $42 billion. Additionally, the four storms caused an estimated $45 billion in damage.
Florida was the site of what was then the costliest weather disaster in U.S. history, Hurricane Andrew, which caused more than $25 billion in damage when it struck on August 24, 1992; it held that distinction until 2005, when Hurricane Katrina surpassed it. Among a long list of other infamous hurricane strikes are the 1926 Miami hurricane, the 1928 Okeechobee hurricane, the Labor Day Hurricane of 1935, Hurricane Donna in 1960, and Hurricane Opal in 1995. Recent research suggests the number of storms are part of a natural cycle which rises in some years, falls in others.
Fauna.
Florida is host to many types of wildlife including:
The only known calving area for the Northern Right Whale is off the coasts of Florida and Georgia.
The native bear population has risen from a historic low of 300 in the 1970s, to 3,000 in 2011.
Since their accidental importation from South America into North America in the 1930s, the Red imported fire ant population has increased its territorial range to include most of the Southern United States, including Florida. They are more aggressive than most native ant species and have a painful sting.
A number of non-native snakes and lizards have been released in the wild. In 2010 the state created a hunting season for Burmese and Indian pythons, African rock pythons, green anacondas, and Nile monitor lizards. Green iguanas have also established a firm population in the southern part of the state.
There are about 500,000 feral pigs in Florida.
Flora.
There are about 3,000 different types of wildflowers in Florida. This is the third most diverse state in the union, behind California and Texas, both larger states.
On the east coast of the state, mangroves have normally dominated the coast from Cocoa Beach southward; salt marshes from St. Augustine northward. From St. Augustine south to Cocoa Beach, the coast fluctuates between the two, depending on the annual weather conditions.
Environmental issues.
Florida is a low per capita energy user. It is estimated that approximately 4% of energy in the state is generated through renewable resources. Florida's energy production is 6% of the nation's total energy output, while total production of pollutants is lower, with figures of 5.6% for nitrogen oxide, 5.1% for carbon dioxide, and 3.5% for sulfur dioxide.
It is believed that significant petroleum resources are located off Florida's western coast in the Gulf of Mexico, but that region has been closed to exploration since 1981.
Red tide has been an issue on the southwest coast of Florida, as well as other areas. While there has been a great deal of conjecture over the cause of the toxic algae bloom, there is no evidence that it is being caused by pollution or that there has been an increase in the duration or frequency of red tides.
The Florida panther is close to extinction. A record 23 were killed in 2009 predominately by automobile collisions, leaving about 100 individuals in the wild. The Center for Biological Diversity and others have therefore called for a special protected area for the panther to be established. Manatees are also dying at a rate higher than their reproduction.
Prior to instituting controlled burns, the state forests and pastures burned for months during the dry season. From the 1940s to the 1970s, the state and federal government assumed control of burning that largely prevented uncontrolled fires. In 2010, the state burned a record .
The Atlantic beaches that are vital to the state's economy are being washed out to sea due to rising sea levels caused by climate change and the state is running out of accessible offshore sand reserves.
Recycling.
The recycling rate in Florida is estimated at 28% in 2000. In 2008, The Energy, Climate Change, and Economic Security Act of 2008 set a goal of progressively improving recycling to reach a 75 percent rate by the year 2020.
It directs public entities (schools, state and local public agencies) to report the amount they recycle annually to their counties. Private businesses are encouraged (but not mandated) to report the amount they recycle to their counties. Finally, the section directs DEP to create the Recycling Business Assistance Center.
Under the new law, each county must implement a recyclable materials recycling program that shall have a goal of recycling recyclable solid waste by 40 percent by December 31, 2012, 50 percent by 2014, 60 percent by 2016, 70 percent by 2018, and 75 percent by 2020.
The county with the highest recycling rate is Lee County with a 43% recycling rate as of 2008.
Geology.
The Florida peninsula is a porous plateau of karst limestone sitting atop bedrock known as the Florida Platform. The emergent portion of the platform was created during the Eocene to Oligocene as the Gulf Trough filled with silts, clays, and sands. Flora and fauna began appearing during the Miocene. No land animals were present in Florida prior to the Miocene.
The largest deposits of potash in the United States are found in Florida.
Extended systems of underwater caves, sinkholes and springs are found throughout the state and supply most of the water used by residents. The limestone is topped with sandy soils deposited as ancient beaches over millions of years as global sea levels rose and fell. During the last glacial period, lower sea levels and a drier climate revealed a much wider peninsula, largely savanna. The Everglades, an enormously wide, very slow-flowing river encompasses the southern tip of the peninsula. Sinkhole damage claims on property in the state exceeded a total of $2 billion from 2006 through 2010.
Earthquakes and tsunamis.
Florida is tied for last place as having the fewest earthquakes of any U.S. state. Because Florida is not located near any tectonic plate boundaries, earthquakes are extremely rare.
The 1755 Lisbon earthquake in Portugal triggered a tsunami that would have struck Central Florida with an estimated wave.
In January 1879, a shock of Mercalli intensity scale VI occurred near St. Augustine. There were reports of heavy shaking that knocked plaster from walls and articles from shelves. Similar effects were noted at Daytona Beach south. The tremor was felt as far south as Tampa and as far north as Savannah, Georgia.
In January 1880, Cuba was the center of two strong earthquakes that sent severe shock waves through the city of Key West.
The shock from the earthquake at Charleston, South Carolina, in 1886 was felt throughout northern Florida, ringing church bells at St. Augustine and severely jolting other towns along that section of Florida's east coast. Jacksonville residents felt many of the strong aftershocks that occurred in September, October, and November 1886.
In 2006, a magnitude 5.8 earthquake centered about southwest of Tampa in the Gulf of Mexico sent shock waves through southwest and central Florida. No damage was reported.
Demographics.
Population.
The United States Census Bureau estimates that the population of Florida was 19,552,860 on July 1, 2013, a 4.0% increase since the 2010 United States Census. The population of Florida in the 2010 census was 18,801,310. Florida was the seventh fastest-growing state in the U.S. in the 12-month period ending July 1, 2012. In 2010, the center of population of Florida was located between Fort Meade and Frostproof. The center of population has moved less than five miles to the east and approximately one mile to the north between 1980 and 2010 and has been located in Polk County since the 1960 census.
About two-thirds of the population was born in another state, the second highest in the country.
In 2010, illegal immigrants constituted an estimated 5.7% of the population. This was the sixth highest percentage of any state in the country. There were an estimated 675,000 illegal immigrants in the state in 2010.
There were 186,102 military retirees living in the state in 2008.
Racial makeup.
According to the 2010 United States Census, Florida had a population of 18,801,310. In terms of race and ethnicity, the state was:
In the same year Hispanic and Latinos of any race made up 22.5% of the population.
Ancestry groups.
The largest reported ancestries in the 2000 Census were German (11.8%), Irish (10.3%), English (9.2%), American (8%), Italian (6.3%), Cuban (5.2%), Puerto Rican (3.0%) French (2.8%), Polish (2.7%) and Scottish (1.8%).
In the 2000 Census, 1,278,586 people in Florida self-identified as having "American" ancestry; most of these people are of English descent, and some are of Scots-Irish descent; however, their families have lived in the state for so long, in some cases since the colonial period, that they choose to identify simply as having "American" ancestry or do not in fact know their own ancestry. In the 1980 United States census the largest ancestry group reported in Florida was English with 2,232,514 Floridians claiming that they were of English or mostly English ancestry. Their ancestry primarily goes back to the original thirteen colonies and for this reason many of them today simply claim "American" ancestry, though they are of predominately English stock. They were followed by Irish at 1,617,433.
Before the American Civil War, when slavery was legal, and during the Reconstruction Era that followed, blacks made up nearly half of the state's population. Their proportion declined over the next century, as many moved north in the Great Migration while large numbers of northern whites moved to the state. In 1970, non-Hispanic whites were nearly 80% of Florida's population. Recently, the state's proportion of black residents has begun to grow again. Today, large concentrations of black residents can be found in northern Florida (notably in Jacksonville, Gainesville, Tallahassee, and Pensacola), the Tampa Bay area, the Orlando area, especially in Orlando and Sanford.
Florida's Hispanic population includes large communities of Cuban Americans in Miami and Tampa, Puerto Ricans in Orlando and Tampa, and Central American migrant workers in inland West-Central and South Florida. The Hispanic community continues to grow more affluent and mobile. As of 2011, 57.0% of Florida's children under the age of 1 belonged to minority groups.
White Americans of all European backgrounds are present in all areas of the state. Those of English and Irish ancestry are present in large numbers in all the urban/suburban areas across the state. Some native white Floridians, especially those who have descended from long-time Florida families, may refer to themselves as "Florida crackers"; others see the term as a derogatory one. Like whites in most of the other Southern states, they descend mainly from English and Scots-Irish settlers, as well as some other British settlers.
Cities and metropolitan areas.
In 2012, 75% of the population lived within of the coastline.
The largest metropolitan area in the state as well as the entire southeastern United States is the Miami metropolitan area, with about 5.5 million people. The Tampa Bay Area, with over 2.7 million people, is the second largest; the Orlando metropolitan area, with over 2.1 million people, is the third; and the Jacksonville metropolitan area, with over 1.3 million people, is fourth.
Florida has twenty Metropolitan Statistical Areas (MSAs) defined by the United States Office of Management and Budget (OMB). Thirty-nine of Florida's sixty-seven counties are in an MSA. Reflecting the distribution of population in Florida, Metropolitan areas in the state are concentrated around the coast of the peninsula. They form a continuous band on the east coast of Florida, stretching from the Jacksonville MSA to the Miami-Fort Lauderdale-Pompano Beach MSA, including every county on the east coast, with the exception of Monroe County.
There is also a continuous band of MSAs on the west coast of the peninsula from the Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater MSA to the Naples-Marco Island MSA, including all of the coastal counties from Hernando County to Collier County. The interior of the northern half of the peninsula also has several MSAs, connecting the east and west coast MSAs. A few MSAs are scattered across the Florida panhandle.
Languages.
Due to its large number of immigrants and American citizens who move to Florida from all over the US (especially from the Northeast and New England), there are a wide variety of different regional accents of English spoken in Florida. The most common American English accents spoken, besides General American English, can be divided by the east and west coasts of Florida.
The New York City area dialect (including New York Latino English and North New Jersey English) and various types of New England English can mostly be heard in Florida's eastern coastline along the Atlantic Ocean, especially along the Gold Coast and South Florida. The western coastline along the Gulf of Mexico had more of an Inland Northern American English from those who were from originally from the Midwest and Great Lakes regions and moved to Southwest Florida or Tampa Bay. Central Florida tends to be where all of those predominate accents are evenly heard.
The Miami accent tends to be spoken by those who were born and/or raised in and around Miami-Dade County and a few other parts of South Florida, regardless of their racial or ethnic background, although it's more prominent with Hispanics (especially with Cuban Americans and also significantly with other Latino groups throughout all of Latin America.) In Central Florida and the Tampa Bay area, New York Latino English might be more prevalent due to generations of Stateside Puerto Ricans (Nuyoricans), Dominican Americans, Colombian Americans, and other Hispanic Americans who continue to move away from the New York metropolitan area in large numbers.
In the Florida Panhandle, North Florida, the Florida Heartland, some parts of the Florida Keys, and rural areas of Florida, they have maintained the Southern American English dialect, especially by Florida crackers who speak the Florida Cracker English variety of Southern American English. Those close to the borders of Alabama and Georgia also have a greater chance of speaking with a Southern drawl.
Many West Indian Americans (Afro-Caribbean, Indo-Caribbean, or any other race), tend to speak Caribbean English, especially Bahamian English, Jamaican English, and Trinidadian English. Their accents are found mostly in South Florida and the Florida Keys, but can also be widely heard in Central Florida, and some parts of Southwest Florida and Tampa Bay. Multi-generational Caribbean Americans sometimes speak it with relatives and others who share their ancestry. Some African Americans throughout all regions of Florida speak African American Vernacular English influenced by the South or Northeastern dialects, depending where in the US they or their parents were born. A few African Americans may also have speech patterns influenced by their Black Seminole or Gullah ancestry.
Besides multi-generational Asian Americans of various backgrounds living in Florida, there are also many who immigrated not only from countries in Asia, but also from Latin America and the Caribbean. There are Asian Latin Americans and Asian-Hispanic Americans, such as Chinese Cubans, Korean Argentinians, and Japanese Brazilians whose first or second language may be Latin American Spanish or Brazilian Portuguese, for example. There are also Asian Caribbean-Americans such as Indo-Caribbean Americans, Chinese Jamaicans, Indo-Surinamese, Indo-Martiniquais, and Indo-Trinidadian and Tobagonians who may speak other languages like Caribbean and Surinam Dutch or Caribbean French, and/or French Creole or Dutch Creole.
Native Americans also add to the language diversity by their indigenous languages of the Seminoles and Miccosukees with the Muskogean languages of Muscogee and Mikasuki.
As of 2010, 73.36% of Florida residents age 5 and older spoke English at home as a primary language, while 19.54% spoke Spanish, 1.84% French Creole (almost entirely Haitian Creole), 0.60% French, and Portuguese was spoken by 0.50% of the population. In total, 26.64% of Florida's population age 5 and older spoke a mother language other than English.
Florida's public education system identified over 200 first languages other than English spoken in the homes of students. In 1990, the League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC) won a class action lawsuit against the state Florida Department of Education that required educators to be trained in teaching English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESOL).
, of the Florida Constitution provides that "English is the official language of the State of Florida." This provision was adopted in 1988 by a vote following an Initiative Petition.
Religion.
In 2010, the three largest denominational groups in Florida were the Catholic Church, The Southern Baptist Convention, and the United Methodist Church.
Florida is mostly Protestant, but Roman Catholicism is the single largest denomination in the state. There is also a sizable Jewish community, located mainly in South Florida; this is the largest Jewish population in the South and the third largest in the country behind New York and California. Florida's current religious affiliations includes Roman Catholics at 26%, Protestants at 48%, Jews at 3%, Jehovah's Witnesses at 1%, Muslim at 1%, Orthodox at 1%, Buddhists at 0.5% and Hindus at 0.5%. Atheists, deists, and other non-religious people compose 16% of Florida's population.
Governance.
The basic structure, duties, function, and operations of the government of the state of Florida are defined and established by the Florida Constitution, which establishes the basic law of the state and guarantees various rights and freedoms of the people. The state government consists of three separate branches: judicial, executive, and legislative. The legislature enacts bills, which, if signed by the governor, become law.
The Florida Legislature comprises the Florida Senate, which has 40 members, and the Florida House of Representatives, which has 120 members. The current Governor of Florida is Rick Scott.
The Florida Supreme Court consists of a Chief Justice and six Justices.
Florida has 67 counties. Some reference materials may show only 66 because Duval County is consolidated with the City of Jacksonville. There are 379 cities in Florida (out of 411) that report regularly to the Florida Department of Revenue, but there are other incorporated municipalities that do not. The state government's primary source of revenue is sales tax. Florida does not impose a personal income tax. The primary revenue source for cities and counties is property tax.
Political history.
From 1885 to 1889, the state Legislature passed statutes with provisions that restricted voting by blacks and poor whites. These groups had threatened white Democratic power with a populist coalition. As blacks and poor whites were stripped from voter rolls, white Democrats consolidated power in a one-party state, as happened across the South. In 1900 African Americans comprised 44% of the state's population. This was the same proportion as before the Civil War, but they were effectively disfranchised. From 1877 to 1948, Florida voted for the Democratic candidate for president in every election except for the 1928 election.
In response to segregation, disfranchisement and agricultural depression, many African Americans migrated from Florida to northern cities in the Great Migration, in waves from 1910 to 1940, and again starting in the later 1940s. They moved for jobs, better education for their children and the chance to vote and participate in society. Given migration of other groups into Florida, by 1960 the proportion of African Americans in the state had declined to 18%.
There were 800 federal corruption convictions from 1988 to 2007, more than any other state.
Elections history.
Although a majority of voters are registered Democrats, since 1952 the state has voted for the Republican presidential candidate in every election except for the 1964, 1976, and 1996 elections, when the Democrat was from the South, and the 2008 and 2012 elections, when the Democrat was from the North. 2008 marked the first time since Franklin D. Roosevelt that Florida had voted for a Northern Democrat. The first post-reconstruction Republican congressional representative was elected in 1954. The state's first post-reconstruction Republican senator was elected in 1968, two years after the first post-reconstruction Republican governor.
The state is considered a bellwether, voting for 13 successful presidential candidates since 1952, and for the loser three times.
In 1998, Democratic voters were most dominant in areas of the state with a high percentage of racial minorities as well as transplanted white liberals who primarily came from the northeastern United States. South Florida and the Miami metropolitan area was a good example, as it had a particularly high level of both racial minorities and white liberals. Because of this, the area has voted as one of the most Democratic areas of the state. The Daytona Beach area has been, to a lesser extent, somewhat similar to South Florida demographically and the city of Orlando had a large Hispanic population, which often favored Democrats. Republicans remain dominant throughout much of the rest of Florida particularly in the more rural and suburban areas, as is the case throughout the Deep South.
The fast growing I-4 corridor area, which runs through Central Florida and connects the cities of Daytona Beach, Orlando, and Tampa/St. Petersburg, had a fairly similar number of both Republican and Democratic voters. The area is often seen as a merging point of the conservative northern portion of the state and the liberal southern portion, making it the biggest swing area in the state. In recent times, whichever way the I-4 corridor area, containing 40% of Florida voters, votes has often determined who will win the state of Florida in presidential elections.
The Democratic Party has maintained an edge in voter registration, both statewide and in 40 of the 67 counties, including Miami-Dade County, Broward County, and Palm Beach County, the state's three most populous counties.
Recent elections.
In 2000, George W. Bush won the U.S. Presidential election by a margin of 271–266 in the Electoral College. Of the 271 electoral votes for Bush, 25 were cast by electors from Florida. Reapportionment following the 2000 United States Census gave the state two more seats in the House of Representatives.
Despite the Democratic advantage in registration, a safe Senate seat and Obama winning the state, as of 2008, Republicans controlled the governorship and most other statewide elective offices and 17 of the state's 27 seats in the House of Representatives. Florida has been listed as a swing state in Presidential elections since 1950, voting for the losing candidate once in that period of time. In the closely contested 2000 election the state played a pivotal role.
In 2008, delegates of both the Republican Florida primary election and Democratic Florida primary election were stripped of half of their votes when the conventions met in August due to violation of both parties' national rules.
In the 2010 elections, Republicans solidified their dominance state-wide, by winning the governor's mansion, maintaining firm majorities in both houses of the state legislature. They won four previously Democratic-held seats to create a 19–6 Republican majority delegation representing Florida in the federal House of Representatives.
As a result of the 2010 United States Census, Florida gained two House of Representative seats in 2012.
Statutes.
All potable water resources have been controlled by the state government through five regional water authorities since 1972.
The state repealed mandatory auto inspection in 1981.
In 1972, the state made personal injury protection auto insurance mandatory for drivers, becoming the second in the nation to enact a no-fault insurance law. The ease of receiving payments under this law is seen as precipitating a major increase in insurance fraud. Auto insurance fraud was the highest in the nation in 2011, estimated at close to $1 billion. Fraud is particularly centered in the Miami-Dade metropolitan and Tampa areas.
Law enforcement.
Florida was ranked the fifth most dangerous state in 2009. Ranking was based on the record of serious felonies committed in 2008.
The state was the sixth highest scammed state in 2010. It ranked first in mortgage fraud in 2009.
In 2009, 44% of highway fatalities involved alcohol. Florida is one of seven states that prohibit the open carry of handguns. This law was passed in 1987.
According to the Federal Trade Commission, Florida has the highest per capita rate of both reported fraud and other types of complaints and reported including identity theft complaints.
Health.
There were 2.7 million Medicaid patients in Florida in 2009. The governor has proposed adding $2.6 billion to care for the expected 300,000 additional patients in 2011. The cost of caring for 2.3 million clients in 2010 was $18.8 billion. This is nearly 30% of Florida's budget. Medicaid paid for 60% of all births in Florida in 2009. The state has a program for those not covered by Medicaid.
Some people suffer from various allergies from plants at varying seasons including pollen from oak trees and juniper shrubs.
Architecture.
While many houses and commercial buildings look similar to those elsewhere in the country, the state has appropriated some unique styles in some section of the state including Spanish revival, Florida vernacular, and Mediterranean Revival Style. It also has the largest collection of Art Deco and Streamline Moderne buildings in both the United States and the entire world, most of which are located in the Miami metropolitan area, especially Miami Beach's Art Deco District. Another unique architectural design found only in Florida is the Miami Modern, which can be seen along places such as Miami's MiMo Historic District.
Economy.
In the twentieth century, tourism, industry, construction, international banking, biomedical and life sciences, healthcare research, simulation training, aerospace and defense, and commercial space travel have contributed to the state's economic development.
The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of Florida in 2010 was $748 billion. Its GDP is the fourth largest economy in the United States. In 2010, it became the fourth largest exporter of trade goods. The major contributors to the state's gross output in 2007 were general services, financial services, trade, transportation and public utilities, manufacturing and construction respectively. In 2010–11, the state budget was $70.5 billion, having reached a high of $73.8 billion in 2006–07. Chief Executive Magazine name Florida the third "Best State for Business" in 2011.
The economy is driven almost entirely by its nineteen metropolitan areas. In 2004, they had a combined total of 95.7% of the state's domestic product.
Personal income.
Preliminary data from the Bureau of Economic Analysis shows that in 2011, per capita personal income was $39,563, ranking 27th in the nation.
The state was one of the few states to not have a state minimum wage law of its own and was therefore obliged to follow federal minimum wage law. This changed in 2004, when voters passed a constitutional amendment establishing a state minimum wage and (unique among minimum wage laws) mandating that it be adjusted for inflation annually. As of January 1, 2012, the calculated Florida minimum wage for "non-tipped" positions is $7.67, and $4.65 for "tipped positions", this is higher than the federal rate of $7.25, so the state rate controlled.
Florida is one of the seven states that do not impose a personal income tax.
According to a study by Experian, Florida has 4 cities in the top 25 cities in the country with the most credit card debt.
There were 2.4 million Floridians living in poverty in 2008. 18.4% of children 18 and younger were living in poverty. Miami is the sixth poorest big city in the United States.
The state also had the second-highest credit card delinquency rate, with 1.45% of cardholders in the state more than 90 days delinquent on one or more credit cards.
In 2010, over 2.5 million Floridians were on food stamps, up from 1.2 million in 2007. To qualify, Floridians must make less than 133% of the federal poverty level, which would be under $29,000 for a family of four.
Real estate.
In the early 20th century, land speculators discovered Florida, and businessmen such as Henry Plant and Henry Flagler developed railroad systems, which led people to move in, drawn by the weather and local economies. From then on, tourism boomed, fueling a cycle of development that overwhelmed a great deal of farmland.
Because of the collective effect on the insurance industry of the hurricane claims of 2004, homeowners insurance has risen 40% to 60% and deductibles have risen.
At the end of the third quarter in 2008, Florida had the highest mortgage delinquency rate in the country, with 7.8% of mortgages delinquent at least 60 days. A 2009 list of national housing markets that were hard hit in the real estate crash included a disproportionate number in Florida. The early 21st-century building boom left Florida with 300,000 vacant homes in 2009, according to state figures. In 2009, the US Census Bureau estimated that Floridians spent an average 49.1% of personal income on housing-related costs, the third highest percentage in the country.
In the third quarter of 2009, there were 278,189 delinquent loans, 80,327 foreclosures. Sales of existing homes for February 2010 was 11,890, up 21% from the same month in 2009. Only two metropolitan areas showed a decrease in homes sold: Panama City and Brevard County. The average sales price for an existing house was $131,000, 7% decrease from the prior year.
Labor.
In February 2011, the state's unemployment rate was 11.5%.
In 2009, there were 89,706 federal workers employed within the state.
In 2012, government was a top employer in all counties in the state. This was mainly due to the prevalence of teachers, whose school boards employ nearly 1 out of every 30 workers in the state. The military was the top employer in three counties.
Agriculture and fishing.
Agriculture is the second largest industry in the state. Citrus fruit, especially oranges, are a major part of the economy, and Florida produces the majority of citrus fruit grown in the United States. In 2006, 67% of all citrus, 74% of oranges, 58% of tangerines, and 54% of grapefruit were grown in Florida. About 95% of commercial orange production in the state is destined for processing (mostly as orange juice, the official state beverage). Citrus canker continues to be an issue of concern. From 1997 to 2013, the growing of citrus trees has declined 25%, from to . In 2013, the Coca-Cola Company announced its intention to spend $2 billion to raise an additional of orange groves.
Citrus greening disease is incurable. A study states that it has caused the loss of $4.5 billion between 2006 and 2012. As of 2014, it was the major agricultural concern.
Other products include sugarcane, strawberries, tomatoes and celery. The state is the largest producer of sweet corn and green beans for the country.
The Everglades Agricultural Area is a major center for agriculture. The environmental impact of agriculture, especially water pollution, is a major issue in Florida today.
In 2009, fishing was a $6 billion industry, employing 60,000 jobs for sports and commercial purposes.
Mining.
Phosphate mining, concentrated in the Bone Valley, is the state's third-largest industry. The state produces about 75% of the phosphate required by farmers in the United States and 25% of the world supply, with about 95% used for agriculture (90% for fertilizer and 5% for livestock feed supplements) and 5% used for other products.
Government.
Since the arrival of the NASA Merritt Island launch sites on Cape Canaveral (most notably Kennedy Space Center) in 1962, Florida has developed a sizable aerospace industry.
Another major economic engine in Florida is the United States Military. There are currently 24 military bases in the state, housing three Unified Combatant Commands; United States Central Command in Tampa, United States Southern Command in Doral, and United States Special Operations Command in Tampa. There are 109,390 U.S. military personnel currently stationed in Florida, contributing, directly and indirectly, $52 billion a year to the state's economy.
Industry.
After the watershed events of Hurricane Andrew in 1992, the state of Florida began investing in economic development through the Office of Trade, Tourism, and Economic Development. Governor Jeb Bush realized that watershed events such as Andrew negatively impacted Florida's backbone industry of tourism severely. The office was directed to target Medical/Bio-Sciences among others. Three years later, The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI) announced it had chosen Florida for its newest expansion. In 2003, TSRI announced plans to establish a major science center in Palm Beach, a facility on , which TSRI planned to occupy in 2006.
At the same time that Scripps started operations in Florida, Tavistock Group, an investment firm that held of land immediately South East of Orlando International Airport began formulating new possibilities for its land use after the decline in tourism to the state. Tavistock decided to use part of the land to establish a Bio-Sciences cluster. In 2005, the state of Florida along with Tavistock Group and the University of Central Florida agreed that Tavistock would donate and $12.5 Million (which the state would match for a total of $25 Million) to start the UCF College of Medicine and the Burnett School of Biomedical Sciences. The UCF College of Medicine won approval from the State Board of Governors in 2006. That decision was key to attracting Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute to Central Florida. Tavistock then donated another and $17.5 Million to Sanford-Burnham which allowed Sanford-Burnham's East Coast expansion. In February and March 2007, Nemours and the The V/A(respectively) announced Lake Nona as the site of two new hospitals.
Other prospective tenants of the Lake Nona Medical City included M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, the University of Florida research center, and Valencia Community College.
It was determined in 2008 from a study done by Arduin, Laffer and Moore Econometrics that the Lake Nona Medical City cluster has in two years reached 80% of the Milken Numbers which were based on the commitments made by the economic development statements. The study then released new projections for the 10-year period which included 30,000 jobs created and a $7.6 Billion economic impact.
Tourism.
Tourism makes up the largest sector of the state economy. Warm weather and hundreds of miles of beaches attract about 60 million visitors to the state every year. Florida was the top destination state in 2011. 42% of poll respondents living in the Northeast United States said they planned on visiting Florida over spring break.
Amusement parks, especially in the Orlando area, make up a significant portion of tourism. The Walt Disney World Resort is the largest vacation resort in the world, consisting of four theme parks and more than 20 hotels in Lake Buena Vista, Florida; it, and Universal Orlando Resort, Busch Gardens, SeaWorld, and other major parks drive state tourism. Many beach towns are also popular tourist destinations, particularly in the winter months. 23.2 million tourists visited Florida beaches in 2000, spending $21.9 billion.
The public has a right to beach access under the public trust doctrine. However, some areas have access effectively blocked by private owners for a long distance.
Energy.
Florida ranked 42nd out of 50 states in total energy consumption per capita in 2010, despite the heavy reliance on commercial and residential air conditioning. This includes coal, natural gas, petroleum, and retail electricity sales.
Education.
Florida's public primary and secondary schools are administered by the Florida Department of Education.
State University System.
The State University System of Florida was founded in 1905, and is governed by the Florida Board of Governors. During the 2010 academic year, 312,216 students attended one of these member institutions.
Private universities.
Florida's first private university, Stetson University, was founded in 1883. The Independent Colleges and Universities of Florida is an association of 28 private, educational institutions in the state. This Association reported that their member institutions served over 121,000 students in the fall of 2006.
Infrastructure.
Transportation.
Public transit.
Miami's public transportation is served by Miami-Dade Transit that runs Metrorail, a heavy rail rapid transit system, Metromover, a people mover train system in Downtown Miami, and Metrobus, Miami's bus system. Metrorail runs throughout Miami-Dade County and has two lines and 23 stations connecting to Downtown Miami's Metromover and Tri-Rail. Metromover has three lines and 21 stations throughout Downtown Miami. Outside of Miami-Dade County, public transit in the Miami metropolitan area is served by Broward County Transit and Palm Tran; intercounty commuter rail service is provided by Tri-Rail, with 18 stations including the region's three international airports.
Orlando utilizes the LYNX bus system as well as a downtown bus service called LYMMO, and has attempted to plan a local light rail service for years. A commuter rail service – SunRail – has been approved by all concerning counties and is in final planning stages.
Tampa and its surrounding area use the Hillsborough Area Regional Transit Authority system ("HART"). In addition, downtown Tampa has continuous trolley services in the form of a heritage trolley powered by Tampa Electric Company. Pinellas County and St. Petersburg provide similar services through the Pinellas Suncoast Transit Authority or "PSTA". The beaches of Pinellas County also have a continuous trolley bus. Downtown St. Petersburg has a trolley system.
Along with bus services, Jacksonville offers fixed routes operated by the Jacksonville Transportation Authority (JTA). The Skyway is a people mover system located in Downtown Jacksonville. Its two lines and eight stations connect the Northbank, Southbank, and Lavilla districts. JTA is currently in the process of securing funding for an extension into Brooklyn, a neighborhood just south of Lavilla.
Highways.
Florida's interstates, state highways and U.S. Highways are maintained by the Florida Department of Transportation. Florida's interstate highway system contains of highway, and there are of non-interstate highway in the state, such as Florida state highways and U.S. Highways.
In 2011, there were about 9,000 retail gas stations in the state. On an average day, Floridians consume 21 million gallons of gasoline, ranking it third in national use.
Motorists have the 45th worst rate of car insurance in the country. 24% are uninsured. Drivers between 15 and 19 years of age averaged 364 car crashes a year per ten thousand licensed Florida drivers in 2010. Drivers 70 and older averaged 95 per 10,000 during the same time frame. A spokesperson for the non-profit Insurance Institute said that "Older drivers are more of a threat to themselves."
State highways are numbered according to convention. The first digits of state highways are numbered with the first digit indicating what area of the state the road is in, from 1 in the north and east to 9 in the south and west. Major north-south state roads generally have one- or two-digit odd route numbers that increase from east to west, while major east-west state roads generally have one- or two-digit even route numbers that increase from north to south. Roads of secondary importance usually have three-digit route numbers. The first digit "x" of their route number is the same as the first digit of the road with two-digit number "x"0 to the immediate north. The three-digit route numbers also increase from north to south for even numbers and east to west for odd numbers.
Following this convention, State Road 907, or Alton Rd. on Miami Beach, is farther east than State Road 997, which is Krome Ave, or the farthest west north-south road in Miami-Dade County. One notable exception to the convention is State Road 826, or the Palmetto Expressway (pictured at the right heading north) which, although even numbered, is signed north-south. State roads can have anywhere from one to four digits depending on the importance and location of the road. County roads often follow this same system.
Prior to the construction of routes under the Federal Aid Highway Act of 1956, Florida began construction of a long cross-state toll road, Florida's Turnpike. The first section, from Fort Pierce south to the Golden Glades Interchange was completed in 1957. After a second section north through Orlando to Wildwood (near present-day The Villages), and a southward extension around Miami to Homestead, it was finished in 1974.
A Law introduced on January 1, 2013, required all non US drivers to possess an International Driving License to drive within the state. The Florida Department for Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles issued a statement on February 14, 2013, announcing that the law would not be enforced.
Florida's primary interstate routes include:
Intercity rail.
Florida is served by Amtrak, operating numerous lines throughout, connecting the state's largest cities to points north in the United States and Canada. The busiest Amtrak train stations in Florida in 2011 were: Sanford (259,944), Orlando (179,142), Tampa Union Station (140,785), Miami (94,556), and Jacksonville (74,733). Sanford, in Greater Orlando, is the southern terminus of the Auto Train, which originates at Lorton, Virginia, south of Washington, D.C.. Orlando is also the eastern terminus of the Sunset Limited, which travels across the southern United States via New Orleans, Houston, and San Antonio to its western terminus of Los Angeles. Florida is served by two additional Amtrak trains (the Silver Star and the Silver Meteor), which operate between New York City and Miami. Miami Central Station, the city's new union station is under construction, and is expected to be completed in 2013.
The Miami metropolitan area is connected by Tri-rail, a long line with 18 stations which operates on Amtrak rails.
The Florida Department of Transportation was preparing to build a high speed rail between Tampa, Lakeland and Orlando. This was to be the first phase of the Florida High Speed Rail system. Soil work began in July 2010 and construction of the line was slated to begin in 2011, with the initial Tampa-Orlando phase completed by 2014. The second phase, would have extended the line to Miami. Governor Scott, however, refused federal funds and the project has been canceled.
Airports.
Florida has 131 public airports. Florida's seven large hub and medium hub airports, as classified by the FAA, are the following:
Sports.
Florida has three NFL teams, two MLB teams, two NBA teams, and two NHL teams, and will gain an MLS team in Orlando in 2015. Florida gained its first permanent major-league professional sports team in 1966 when the American Football League added the Miami Dolphins. The state of Florida has given professional sports franchises some subsidies in the form of tax breaks since 1991.
About half of all Major League Baseball teams conduct spring training in the state, with teams informally organized into the "Grapefruit League". Throughout MLB history, other teams have held spring training in Florida.
Golf, tennis, and auto racing are popular. NASCAR (headquartered in Daytona Beach) begins all three of its major Series in Florida at Daytona International Speedway, and ends all three Series in November at Homestead-Miami Speedway. The PGA of America is headquartered in Palm Beach Gardens while the LPGA is headquartered in Daytona Beach.
Minor league baseball, football, basketball, ice hockey, soccer and indoor football teams are based in Florida. Three of the Arena Football League's teams are in Florida.
Florida's universities have a number of collegiate sport teams.
Auto-racing tracks

</doc>
<doc id="18933078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933078" title="Brain's Base">
Brain's Base

Works.
TV series.
2002
2003
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014

</doc>
<doc id="18933083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933083" title="2005 Forest Hills Tennis Classic – Singles">
2005 Forest Hills Tennis Classic – Singles

Elena Likhovtseva was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year.
Lucie Šafářová won in the final 3–6, 7–5, 6–4, against Sania Mirza.

</doc>
<doc id="18933086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933086" title="Lasiopteridi">
Lasiopteridi

The Lasiopteridi is a supertribe of flies from the family Cecidomyiidae. They are often called gall midges or gall gnats.
Systematics.
Lasiopteridi - tribes, and genera:

</doc>
<doc id="18933097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933097" title="Ralph Zurmühle">
Ralph Zurmühle

Ralph Zurmühle (or Zurmuhle), Swiss composer and pianist, discovered his natural talent for the piano at the early age of five. He fostered it over decades with jazz and classical music studies.
Ralph's 4 CDs, composed mostly for piano, have been met with international critical acclaim. His first CD "Between" was released in 2000, "Communion" followed in 2003 and "Our Mother" in 2007. His most recent CD "eQuinox", released in 2011, is produced and distributed by Valley Entertainment, New York. 
Compositions from these CDs have been featured in films and multi-media projects, both in the U.S. and in Europe. For more than twenty years Ralph has been scoring music for film and performing solo piano concerts, mostly playing his own repertoire. 
"25 years after the glory days of the solo piano genre sparked by artists like Keith Jarrett and George Winston, the solo piano album remains an elusive undertaking: very easy to do - very hard to do well. Swiss pianist Ralph Zurmühle is one of those rare artists, who does it sublimely well, with great sensitivity to touch, melody, and ambience. Listen and you will find yourself in the hands of a master." - Stephen Hill, Producer of Hearts of Space Radio

</doc>
<doc id="18933101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933101" title="Audiogalaxy">
Audiogalaxy

Audiogalaxy was an Internet music service with three incarnations. From mid-2010 through 2012, it was a personal audio placeshifting service. From mid-2002 to mid-2010, it was a promotional website for the Rhapsody music subscription service. From 1998 to 2002, it was a file sharing system that indexed MP3 files.
Audiogalaxy ceased operations on January 31, 2013.
History.
The original Audiogalaxy system was created in 1998 by Michael Merhej as an FTP site index called The Borg Search. It quickly evolved into a robust peer-to-peer system with client software (the Audiogalaxy "Satellite"), a web-based search engine, always-on searching for requested files, auto-resume and low system impact. It quickly gained ground among file sharers abandoning Napster in 2001. Some observing the previous downfall of Napster via lawsuit were shocked at the design of Audiogalaxy, which was in some ways more centralized than Napster.
Audiogalaxy's stated mission was to facilitate sharing of music, though it was also notable for its strong community due to such features as chat-enabled groups and per-artist internet forums. This strong community also facilitated a very broad reach of content across many genres, particular those that tend to remain under-developed in more modern systems.
In June 2008, CNET hailed this incarnation of Audiogalaxy as one of the greatest defunct websites in history.
Conflict with RIAA over sharing of copyrighted material.
In May 2001, Audiogalaxy implemented "groups" which allowed group members to send songs to everyone in the group. Hackers used this backdoor to circumvent the "blocked songs" restriction, where Audiogalaxy could deny transfer of specific copyrighted songs. In addition, even when a specific file was blocked, it would often be replaced by an identical file with the group or song incorrectly spelled. For example, if "Wish You Were Here" by Pink Floyd were blocked, another track with the same title, but credited to "Pink Lloyd", would suddenly appear. The latter file would be completely identical to the former; however, since Audiogalaxy would never have received any notification for "Pink Lloyd," the downloading of that track would not be affected.
On May 9, 2002, Audiogalaxy required songs to be in the sender's shared folder to be sent. Previously, one could send any song to anyone by editing the CGI parameters. This protection was quickly defeated by creating a "dummy" file in one's shared folder, and sending a song with the same name. This was due to Audiogalaxy's checksum hashing, the correct file was always sent despite the dummy. Some of the users could bypass this setting too, but instead of CGI editing there was a less sophisticated solution. A simple .bat file in sharing folder (with a line "codice_1" for example) was scheduled at desired time moving all of the MP3 files into desired folder.
Even though Audiogalaxy claimed that they were trying to cooperate with the music industry and block copyrighted songs from their network, many of the network's users continued to share unauthorized copyrighted music files, causing Audiogalaxy to face a lawsuit by the RIAA on May 24, 2002. On this day, Audiogalaxy blocked sending of all blocked songs. A month later on June 17, 2002, Audiogalaxy reached an out-of-court settlement with the RIAA. The settlement reached would allow Audiogalaxy to operate a "filter-in" system, which required that for any music available, the songwriter, music publisher, and/or recording company must first consent to the use and sharing of the work.
Partnerships and end of P2P operations.
On September 8, 2002, Audiogalaxy licensed and re-branded a for-pay streaming service called Rhapsody from Listen.com. Audiogalaxy then ended its peer-to-peer operations.
From 2008 through 2010, Audiogalaxy worked with failed Choruss venture headed by Warner Music Group and longtime record-industry/Internet technology expert Jim Griffin. Choruss was an experimental effort to monetize peer-to-peer file sharing among college students, and Audiogalaxy software was to provide a possible technological basis for the system.
Until mid-2010, some of the message boards remained active, but the Audiogalaxy website only promoted the Rhapsody subscription service and its featured artists. It also briefly promoted the original incarnation of Merhej's FolderShare project, before that service was acquired by Microsoft.
Relaunch.
In mid-2010, Audiogalaxy was quietly relaunched as a placeshifting service. Public announcements followed in October 2010, along with acknowledgments that Choruss was dead.
This incarnation of Audiogalaxy service enabled MP3 and AAC files stored on an Internet-connected computer to be searched and streamed on-demand for playback on a separate, Internet-connected computer, phone, or other device. Special software had to be installed on the computer hosting the music files. The files could then be browsed and played through a Flash-enabled web browser, or via a smartphone or other device running special software.
Closure.
Audiogalaxy stopped accepting registrations on December 12, 2012, due to the company's acquisition by Dropbox. Audiogalaxy discontinued service on January 31, 2013, and its website is no longer active.

</doc>
<doc id="18933105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933105" title="Abandonment (legal)">
Abandonment (legal)

In law, abandonment is the relinquishment or renunciation of an interest, claim, privilege, possession, or right, especially with the intent of never again resuming or reasserting it. Such intentional action may take the form of a discontinuance or a waiver. This broad meaning has a number of applications in different branches of law. In common law jurisdictions, both "common law abandonment" and "statutory abandonment" of property may be recognized.
Common law abandonment is "the relinquishment of a right property by the owner thereof without any regard to future possession by himself or any other person, and with the intention to or desert the right..." or "the voluntary relinquishment of a thing by its owner with the intention of terminating his ownership, and without intention of vesting ownership in any other person; the giving up of a thing absolutely, without reference to any particular person or purpose..." By contrast, an example of statutory abandonment (albeit in a common law jurisdiction) is the abandonment by a bankruptcy trustee under . In Scots law, failure to assert a legal right in a way that implies abandonment of that property is called taciturnity.
Giving up an interest.
Abandonment of property.
Intentional abandonment is also referred to as "dereliction", and something voluntarily abandoned by its owner with the intention of not retaking it is a "derelict". Someone that holds or claims abandoned property is an abandonee. A piece of abandoned land is a relinquishment. A res nullius abandoned by its owner, leaving it vacant, belongs to no one. Occupying an abandoned empty house without permission is squatting.
Abandonment of easement.
The relinquishment by a nonuser, for a specified period, of some accommodation or right in another's land, such as right-of-way or free access of light and air.
Abandonment of domicile.
Occurs when one ceases to reside permanently in a former domicile, coupled with the intention of choosing a new domicile. The presumptions which will guide the court in deciding whether a former domicile has been abandoned or not must be inferred from the facts of each case. In the United States, a tenant is generally understood to have abandoned a property if he or she has fallen behind in rent and shown a lack of interest in continuing to live there. The landlord must then send notice of the intent to seize the property and wait a certain number of days to take action on it. How long the landlord has to wait depends on the value of the property. The landlord can keep the money up to the costs incurred as a result of the abandonment; the rest must be set aside for the former tenant, should she or he eventually return.
Abandonment of insurance.
Abandonment occurs when the insured surrenders to the insurer all rights to damaged or lost property and claims payment for a total loss. Sometimes, this is permitted only when damage constitutes constructive total loss. In marine insurance parlance, abandonment involves the surrender of a ship or goods to the insurer, who becomes the abandonee. Abandonment can also mean refusal to accept from a delivering carrier a shipment so damaged in transit as to be worthless.
Abandonment of copyright.
Abandonment is recognized as the explicit release of material by a copyright holder into the public domain. However, statutory abandonment is legally a tricky issue which has little relevant case precedent to establish how an artist can abandon their copyright during their lifetime. The more common approach is to license work under a scheme that provides for public use rather than strictly abandoning copyright.
Copyright protection attaches to a work as soon as it is fixed in a tangible medium, whether the copyright holder desires this protection or not. Before the Copyright Act of 1976 an artist could abandon or forfeit their copyright by neglecting to comply with the relevant formalities. Difficulty arises when one tries to apply the doctrine of abandonment to present-day concerns regarding the abandonment or gifting of a digitized work to the public domain. The abandonment of a work is difficult to prove in court, though Learned Hand stated proposed a test which parallels other forms of abandonment law wherein an author or copyrightholder could abandon their work if they intend to abandon it and commit an overt act to make public that intention. Despite this test, the current legal environment towards protectionism is so strong that a court might disregard an author’s statements regarding their intent.
Abandonment of trademark.
Abandonment of trademark is understood to happen when a trademark is not used for three or more years, or when it is deliberately discontinued; trademark law protects only trademarks being actively used and defended.
Abandonment of patent.
Abandonment is relinquishment by an inventor of the right to secure a patent, in such a way as to constitute a dedication of the invention to public use.
Abandonment of public transportation systems.
Abandonment is permission sought by or granted to a carrier by a state or federal agency to cease operation of all or part of a route or service. This has a legal signification in England recognized by statute, by authority of which the Board of Trade may, under certain circumstances, grant a warrant to a railway authorizing the abandonment of its line or part of it. Likewise, in the United States, the Surface Transportation Board has grants permission to abandon railway lines.
Failure to fulfill a responsibility.
Abandonment rules in the military.
The abandonment of a military unit by a soldier, a Marine, or an airman; or of a ship or a naval base by a sailor; can be called desertion; and being away from one's assigned location for a significant length of time can be called """", """", or ""Dereliction of duty"". However, the term "Dereliction of Duty" also includes the offenses of being present but not carrying out one's assigned duties and responsibilities with the expected amount of effort, alertness, carefulness, ingenuity, and sense of duty. It other words, it includes slacking off on one's responsibilities to a significant degree - and especially when allowing bad things to happen while slacking off.
Abandonment of family.
Desertion refers to intentional and substantial abandonment, permanently or for a period of time stated by law, without legal excuse and without consent, of one's duties arising out of a status such as that of husband and wife or parent and child. It can involve desertion of a spouse with the intention of creating a permanent separation. Desertion of one spouse by the other without just cause is called malicious abandonment. Child abandonment is often recognized as a crime, in which case the child is usually not physically harmed directly as part of the abandonment; distinct from this is the widely recognized crime of infanticide. Child abandonment is also called "exposure" or "exposition", especially when an infant is left in the open.
Abandonment of a patient.
In medicine, abandonment occurs when a health care professional (usually a physician, nurse, dentist, or paramedic) has already begun emergency treatment of a patient, and then suddenly walks away while the patient is still in need, without securing the services of an adequate substitute or giving the patient adequate opportunity to find one. It is a crime in many countries and can result in the loss of one's license to practice. Also, because of the public policy in favor of keeping people alive, the professional cannot defend himself or herself by pointing to the patient's inability to pay for services; this opens the medical professional to the possibility of exposure to malpractice liability beyond one's insurance coverage.

</doc>
<doc id="18933111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933111" title="BSD licenses">
BSD licenses

BSD licenses are a family of permissive free software licenses, imposing minimal restrictions on the redistribution of covered software. This is in contrast to copyleft licenses, which have reciprocity share-alike requirements. The original BSD license was used for its namesake, the Berkeley Software Distribution (BSD), a Unix-like operating system. The original version has since been revised and its descendants are more properly termed modified BSD licenses.
Two variants of the license,
the New BSD License/Modified BSD License (3-clause), and
the Simplified BSD License/FreeBSD License (2-clause) have been verified as GPL-compatible free software licenses by the Free Software Foundation, and have been vetted as open source licenses by the Open Source Initiative,
while the original, 4-clause license has not been accepted as an open source license and, although the original is considered to be a free software license by the FSF, the FSF does not consider it to be compatible with the GPL due to the advertising clause.
Terms.
Besides the original license used in BSD, there are several derivative licenses that are commonly referred to as a "BSD license". Today, the typical BSD license is the 3-clause version, which is revised from the original 4-clause version.
Note that: In all BSD licences as following, <organization> is the organization of the <copyright holder> or just the <copyright holder>, and <year> is the year of the copyright. As published in BSD, 
<copyright holder> is "Regents of the University of California", and <organization> is "University of California, Berkeley".
Previous license.
Some releases of BSD prior to the adoption of the 4-clause BSD license used a license that is clearly ancestral to the 4-clause BSD license. These releases include 4.3BSD-Tahoe (1988) and Net/1 (1989). Though largely replaced by the 4-clause license, this license can be found in 4.3BSD-Reno, Net/2, and 4.4BSD-Alpha.
4-clause license (original "BSD License").
The original BSD license contained a clause not found in later licenses, known as the "advertising clause". This clause eventually became controversial, as it required authors of all works deriving from a BSD-licensed work to include an acknowledgment of the original source in all advertising material. This was clause number 3 in the original license text:
This clause was objected to on the grounds that as people changed the license to reflect their name or organization it led to escalating advertising requirements when programs were combined together in a software distribution—every occurrence of the license with a different name required a separate acknowledgment. In arguing against it, Richard Stallman has stated that he counted 75 such acknowledgments in a 1997 version of NetBSD.
In addition, the clause presented a legal problem for those wishing to publish BSD-licensed software which relies upon separate programs using the more-restrictive GNU GPL: the advertising clause is incompatible with the GPL, which does not allow the addition of restrictions beyond those it already imposes; because of this, the GPL's publisher, the Free Software Foundation, recommends developers not use the license, though it states there is no reason not to use software already using it.
Today, this original license is now sometimes called "BSD-old" or "4-clause BSD".
3-clause license ("Revised BSD License", "New BSD License", or "Modified BSD License").
The advertising clause was removed from the license text in the official BSD on by William Hoskins, Director of the Office of Technology Licensing for UC Berkeley. Other BSD distributions removed the clause, but many similar clauses remain in BSD-derived code from other sources, and unrelated code using a derived license.
While the original license is sometimes referred to as "BSD-old", the resulting 3-clause version is sometimes referred to by "BSD-new." Other names include "New BSD", "revised BSD", "BSD-3", or "3-clause BSD". This version has been vetted as an Open source license by the OSI as "The BSD License". The Free Software Foundation, which refers to the license as the "Modified BSD License", states that it is compatible with the GNU GPL. The FSF encourages users to be specific when referring to the license by name (i.e. not simply referring to it as "a BSD license" or "BSD-style") to avoid confusion with the original BSD license.
This version allows unlimited redistribution for any purpose as long as its copyright notices and the license's disclaimers of warranty are maintained. The license also contains a clause restricting use of the names of contributors for endorsement of a derived work without specific permission.
2-clause license ("Simplified BSD License" or "FreeBSD License").
An even more simplified version has come into use, primarily known for its usage in FreeBSD. The primary difference between it and the New BSD (3-clause) License is that it omits the non-endorsement clause. It also adds a further disclaimer about views and opinions expressed in the software. The Free Software Foundation, which refers to the license as the FreeBSD License, states that it is compatible with the GNU GPL. In addition, the FSF encourages users to be specific when referring to the license by name (i.e. not simply referring to it as "a BSD license" or "BSD-style"), as it does with the modified/new BSD license, to avoid confusion with the original BSD license.
Other projects, such as NetBSD, use a similar 2-clause license, but without the additional disclaimer. This version has been vetted as an Open source license by the OSI as the "Simplified BSD License."
Proprietary software licenses compatibility.
The BSD License allows proprietary use and allows the software released under the license to be incorporated into proprietary products. Works based on the material may be released under a proprietary license as closed source software.

</doc>
<doc id="18933122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933122" title="Slashdot effect">
Slashdot effect

The Slashdot effect, also known as slashdotting, occurs when a popular website links to a smaller site, causing a massive increase in traffic. This overloads the smaller site, causing it to slow down or even temporarily become unavailable. The name stems from the huge influx of web traffic that would result from the technology news site "Slashdot" linking to websites. However the name is somewhat dated as flash crowds from "Slashdot" were reported to be diminishing as of 2005 due to competition from similar sites. The effect has been associated with other websites or metablogs such as Fark, Digg, "Drudge Report", Reddit, and Twitter, leading to terms such as being Farked or Drudged, being under the Reddit effect, or receiving a "hug of death" from the site in question. Google Doodles, which link to search results on the doodle topic, also result in high increases of traffic from the search results page. Typically, less robust sites are unable to cope with the huge increase in traffic and become unavailable – common causes are lack of sufficient data bandwidth, servers that fail to cope with the high number of requests, and traffic quotas. Sites that are maintained on shared hosting services often fail when confronted with the Slashdot effect.
A flash crowd is a more generic term without using any specific name that describes a network phenomenon where a network or host suddenly receives a lot of traffic. This is sometimes due to the appearance of a web site on a blog or news column.
Terminology.
According to the Jargon File, the term "Slashdot effect" refers to phenomenon of a website becoming virtually unreachable because too many people are hitting it after the site was mentioned in an interesting article on the popular Slashdot news service. It was later extended to describe any similar effect from being listed on a popular site, similar to the more generic term, flash crowd, which is a more appropriate term. 
The term "flash crowd" was coined in 1973 by Larry Niven in his science fiction short story, "Flash Crowd". It predicted that a consequence of inexpensive teleportation would be huge crowds materializing almost instantly at the sites of interesting news stories. Twenty years later, the term became commonly used on the Internet to describe exponential spikes in website or server usage when it passes a certain threshold of popular interest. This effect was anticipated years earlier in 1956 in Alfred Bester's novel "The Stars My Destination".
The "Reddit effect" has also been used to describe viral crowd fundraising efforts in addition to the surge in web traffic.
Cause.
Sites such as "Slashdot", Digg, Reddit, StumbleUpon and Fark consist of brief submitted "stories" and a self-moderated discussion on each story. The typical submission introduces a news item or website of interest by linking to it. In response, large masses of readers tend to simultaneously rush to view the referenced sites. The ensuing flood of page requests from readers can exceed the site's available bandwidth or the ability of its servers to respond, and render the site temporarily unreachable.
Extent.
Major news sites or corporate websites are typically engineered to serve large numbers of requests and therefore do not normally exhibit this effect. Websites that fall victim may be hosted on home servers, offer large images or movie files or have inefficiently generated dynamic content (e.g. many database hits for every web hit even if all web hits are requesting the same page). These websites often became unavailable within a few minutes of a story's appearance, even before any comments had been posted. Occasionally, paying "Slashdot" subscribers (who have access to stories before non-paying users) rendered a site unavailable even before the story was posted for the general readership.
Few definitive numbers exist regarding the precise magnitude of the "Slashdot" effect, but estimates put the peak of the mass influx of page requests at anywhere from several hundred to several thousand hits per minute. The flood usually peaked when the article was at the top of the site's front page and gradually subsided as the story was superseded by newer items. Traffic usually remained at elevated levels until the article was pushed off the front page, which could take from 12 to 18 hours after its initial posting. However, some articles had significantly longer lifetimes due to the popularity, newsworthiness, or interest in the linked article.
By 2005, reporters were commenting that the "Slashdot" effect had been diminishing. However, the effect has been seen involving Twitter when some popular tweeters mention a website.
Communities.
When the targeted website has a community-based structure, the term can also refer to the secondary effect of having a large group of new users suddenly set up accounts and start to participate in the community. While in some cases this has been considered a good thing, in others it is viewed with disdain by the prior members, as quite often the sheer number of new people brings many of the unwanted aspects of "Slashdot" along with it, such as trolling, vandalism, and newbie-like behavior. This bears some similarity to the 1990s Usenet concept of Eternal September.
Assistance and prevention.
Many solutions have been proposed for sites to deal with the "Slashdot" effect.
There are several systems that automatically mirror any "Slashdot"-linked pages to ensure that the content remains available even if the original site becomes unresponsive. Sites in the process of being Slashdotted may be able to mitigate the effect by temporarily redirecting requests for the targeted pages to one of these mirrors. "Slashdot" does not mirror the sites it links to on its own servers, nor does it endorse a third party solution. Mirroring of content may constitute a breach of copyright and, in many cases, cause ad revenue to be lost for the targeted site.

</doc>
<doc id="18933136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18933136" title="Minarchism">
Minarchism

Minarchism (also known as minimal statism) is a political philosophy. It is variously defined by sources. In the strictest sense, it holds that states ought to exist (as opposed to anarchy), that their only legitimate function is the protection of individuals from aggression, theft, breach of contract, and fraud, and that the only legitimate governmental institutions are the military, police, and courts. In the broadest sense, it also includes fire departments, prisons, the executive, and legislatures as legitimate government functions. Such states are generally called night-watchman states.
Minarchists argue that the state has no authority to use its monopoly of force to interfere with free transactions between people, and see the state's sole responsibility as ensuring that contracts between private individuals and property are protected, through a system of law courts and enforcement. Minarchists generally believe a "laissez-faire" approach to the economy is most likely to lead to economic prosperity.
Ideology.
Some minarchists justify the state on the grounds that it is the logical consequence of adhering to the non-aggression principle. Some argue that a state is inevitable. Some minarchists argue that anarchism is immoral because it implies that the non-aggression principle is optional, because the enforcement of laws under anarchism is open to competition. Another common justification is that private defense and court firms would tend to show bias, unevenly representing the interests of paying clients. Robert Nozick in "Anarchy, State, and Utopia" argued that a night watchman state provides a framework that allows for any political system that respects fundamental individual rights.
The issue of taxation is polarizing among minarchists. Some minarchists support taxation on principle or see it as a necessary evil to address the free rider problem, while others believe it is morally wrong. Ayn Rand is notable for her opposition to taxation, while also holding that the elimination of taxation in a society should occur gradually. Another polarizing issue among minarchists is whether citizens should have to pay the government to enforce their contracts.
Etymology.
Samuel Edward Konkin III, an agorist, coined the term "minarchism" in 1971 to describe libertarians who defend some form of government. Konkin invented the term "minarchism" as an alternative to the cumbersome phrase "limited-government libertarianism". It is ostensibly formed as "min(imal)" + "-archy" (government) + "-ism" (system)—"system of minimal government".
Objectivism.
Ayn Rand's philosophy, Objectivism, supports the establishment of a minarchist state responsible for a court system, police, and military.
Objectivism views government as "the means of placing the retaliatory use of physical force under objective control—i.e., under objectively defined laws;" thus, government is both legitimate and critically important in order to protect individual rights. Rand opposed so-called "rational anarchism," because she saw putting police and courts on the market as an inherent miscarriage of justice. Objectivism holds that the proper functions of a government are ""the police", to protect men from criminals—"the armed services", to protect men from foreign invaders—"the law courts", to settle disputes among men according to objectively defined laws," the executive, and legislatures. Furthermore, in protecting individual rights, the government is acting as an agent of its citizens and "has no rights except the rights "delegated" to it by the citizens" and it must act in an impartial manner according to specific, objectively defined laws.
Criticisms.
Anarcho-capitalists generally argue that government violates the non-aggression principle by its nature because governments use force against those who have not stolen private property, vandalized private property, assaulted anyone, or committed fraud.
Murray Rothbard argued that all government services, including defense, are inefficient because they lack a market-based pricing mechanism regulated by the voluntary decisions of consumers purchasing services that fulfill their highest-priority needs and by investors seeking the most profitable enterprises to invest in. Therefore, the state's monopoly on the use of force is a violation of natural rights. He wrote, "The defense function is the one reserved most jealously by the State. It is vital to the State's existence, for on its monopoly of force depends its ability to extract taxes from the citizens. If citizens were permitted privately owned courts and armies, then they would possess the means to defend themselves against invasive acts by the government as well as by private individuals." In his book "Power and Market", he argued that geographically large minarchist states are indifferent from a unified minarchist world monopoly government. Rothbard wrote that governments were not inevitable, noting that it often took hundreds of years for aristocrats to set up a state out of anarchy. He also argued that if a minimal state allows individuals to freely secede from the current jurisdiction to join a competing jurisdiction, then it does not by definition constitute a state.
Anarchists generally argue that private defense and court firms would have to have a good reputation in order to stay in business. Furthermore, Linda & Morris Tannehill argue that no coercive monopoly of force can arise on a free market and that a government's citizenry cannot desert them in favor of a competent protection and defense agency.
Proponents of an economically interventionist state argue it is best to evaluate the merits of government intervention on a case-by-case basis in order to address recessions ("see economic interventionism") or existential threats.
Social conservatives argue that the state should maintain a moral outlook and legislate against behavior commonly regarded as culturally destructive or immoral; that, indeed, the state cannot survive if its citizens do not have a certain kind of character, integrity and civic virtue, and so ignoring the state's role in forming people's ethical dispositions can be disastrous.

</doc>
