<doc id="18949149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949149" title="Eustaquio Díaz Vélez">
Eustaquio Díaz Vélez

Eustoquio Antonio Díaz Vélez (Buenos Aires, November 2, 1782 - id., April 1, 1856), Argentine military officer who fought in the British invasions of the Río de la Plata, participated in the May Revolution and fought in the war of independence and Argentine civil wars.
His name was Eustoquio ("Eustochio Antonio" according to his baptismal certificate) but usually is cited, incorrectly, as Eustaquio.
Birth and family.
His parents were Francisco José Díaz Vélez, a wealthy merchant born in Huelva, Spain -who was former chapter of Buenos Aires Cabildo- and María Petrona Sánchez Araoz de Lamadrid, a native of Tucumán, from an important colonial family.
He was the seventh child of a total of twelve. Among his brothers deserve to be named the second child of the marriage, Dr. José Miguel Díaz Vélez, politician who participated in the war of independence and in the Argentine civil wars; and the eighth offspring of that union, Manuel Díaz Vélez, young lieutenant of the Regiment of Mounted Grenadiers who died as a result of injuries suffered in the baptism of fire against the royalists in the Battle of San Lorenzo.
The British invasions.
Young joined the army, in the Regiment of Blandengues of the Frontier of Buenos Aires. He combined these activities with trade, gathering some wealth.
During the British invasions of the Río de la Plata, in the first, he collaborated with Santiago de Liniers and was discharged in the Regiment of Patricians, on October 8, 1806, as assistant graduate second lieutenant, participating in the Reconquista of Buenos Aires. The following year, during the second British Invasion, distinguished himself in the Defense of Buenos Aires, under the command of Cornelio Saavedra, and submitted the English in the "House of the Widow Virreyna (Viceroy)", between 2 and 7 July. He was promoted to captain.
During the Mutiny of Álzaga of January 1, 1809, he fought on the side of Liniers loyalists and was wounded. That earned him a promotion to lieutenant colonel graduated.
The May Revolution.
Díaz Vélez had good relations with the conspirators who, before 1810, sought to achieve the independence of his country. He actively supported the May Revolution, participating in the meetings that decided the dismissal of Viceroy Baltasar Hidalgo de Cisneros, attending the one of May 19, called by Nicolás Rodríguez Peña. On the occasion of the Open cabildo of May 22, Colonel Cornelio Saavedra appointed him as head of the Patricians guards that enabled the assembly meeting that expressed the will of the people.
But as these guards were composed of the body of the patricians who was most touched by the insurrectionary spirit, and as they were under the command of Captain Don Eustaquio Díaz Vélez, who was one of the boldest officers and most developed in riot the, the result was that so far from the entrance clogged it lavishly provided to all who submitted their note with the sign or signal agreed between the patriots, while at the other side was allowed to enter only the personages well known for his official position, opposing difficulties and insurmountable observations to all those who could be taken as strangers or persons of lower position, especially if they were Europeans.
He integrated the resistance focus to the brand-new Board of May 24 for being consists with the ex viceroy. That night, he met at Rodriguez Peña home, with Domingo French, Feliciano Antonio Chiclana and other conspirators who managed the resignation of its members and demanded that the cabildo "proceeds with other election in persons that may merit the confidence of the people, course that do not deserve the ones that constitute the present Board, believing that will be the means of calming the agitation and excitement that was renovated between people... "
Emerged the Primera Junta of Gobernment, it entrusted his first military mission to occupy the square of Colonia del Sacramento, in the Banda Oriental, whose population sympathized with the revolutionary patriots, beating its garrison and carrying large amount of ammunition to Buenos Aires. By this victory the Primera Junta appointed him lieutenant colonel, to be effective.
Upper Perú Campaign.
He was part of the Army of the North (Spanish: Ejército del Norte) that the Board of Buenos Aires had sent to military aid the Intendencias of the Upper Perú and participated in the defeated of Cotagaita. Weeks later, on November 7, 1810, he fought in the Battle of Suipacha, first win rioplatenses revolutionary arms, which allowed the rise of the cities of Potosí, Chuquisaca and La Paz, opening the patriots all the Upper Perú. By order of the Board representative, Juan José Castelli, complied with the execution in the main square of Potosí of the royalist authorities Vicente Nieto -governor of Chuquisaca-, Francisco de Paula Sanz -governor of Potosí- and José de Córdoba and Rojas -Major General defeated in Suipacha- in the December 15, 1810. He was promoted to colonel.
He was part of the Army of the North and was present at the defeat at Cotagaita. He was later promoted to the rank of colonel.
Castelli signed an armistice with the Spanish commander José Manuel de Goyeneche, but subsequent events showed that neither of them intended to abide by it. Díaz Vélez and Juan José Viamonte, commanding their regiments, were sent as advance parties toward the border. When a royalist attack came at the Battle of Huaqui, on 19 June 1811, both regiments were almost destroyed without being able to receive help or to assist the rest of the army. Despite the defeat the government recognized him with the title of "bravo" ("brave", in English) because of the value shown on the battlefield.
Mr. Díaz Vélez exit without troop running any horse in the front and goes to the rear to the left of the line of battle ...
The flight was a disaster and, lacking any support, groups of soldiers crossed the Altiplano as they could, fleeing to Humahuaca.
Díaz Vélez, in a letter sent to the revolutionary authorities in Buenos Aires regarding the causes and responsibilities Huaqui's defeat, dated August 29, 1811, held that anything they did not get the Jujuy forces forward ever would Perú. He complained of the ignorance and unpatriotic Upper Peruvian peoples and stated that those provinces were possessed of selfishness and servile spirit they had inherited from their elders. Díaz Vélez warned in mid -1811- the difficulty that the "bottom" provinces would have to spread the revolutionary ideas making their way through the Upper Perú.
Antonio González Balcarce was replaced by Colonel Juan Martín de Pueyrredón, governor of Chuquisaca, as commander of the Auxiliary Army. The regular troops of this, in October 1811, had been reduced to the division of Diaz Velez, who devoid of weapons, ammunition and supplies reached Tupiza. Díaz Vélez was assisted by the cavalry of Martin Miguel de Guemes. Pueyrredón, after taking the treasure of Potosi Mint, fearing a loss and wanting to play a political role in the First Triumvirate formed in Buenos Aires, called for his release, although previously he sent the reinforcements he was able to, to Díaz Vélez when he knew the incorporation of the realistic Colonel Picoaga. Díaz Vélez won in Crabs fighting Colonel realistic Barreda and in the January 12, 1812 he fought, in the gorge located along the river Suipacha, the Battle of Nazareno, against Picoaga. Although the outcome was adverse or inaccurate served to relieve Spanish pressure against Cochabamba. A few days later, on January 18, 1812 and by Díaz Vélez orders, Güemes recovered Tarija who was occupied by supporters of the viceroy of Perú, José Fernando de Abascal, who immediately ordered him to rejoin the army taking 300 men from Tarija, 500 rifles and two cannons. Díaz Vélez had to retire to Jujuy at the apaking proach of Goyeneche troops, numerically superior.
The Second helper expedition to Upper Perú began when General Manuel Belgrano took over the Army of the North. Díaz Vélez participated in the organization of the Jujuy Exodus and created a body of cavalry called the "Patriots Determined" composed of volunteers and gauchos from Jujuy, the Puna and Tarija. He was supported by these irregular grenadiers who provided their own weapons and horses to the troop. Commanding the Determined Patriots, he was responsible for the rear of the exodus.
He also had the cooperation of the Upper Peruvian Juana Azurduy de Padilla who passed directly from Jujuy to Tucumán.
When the patriots were hit by a detachment of 600 Spanish sent by the realistic Brigadier Juan Pío Tristán and began to be defeated, Díaz Vélez responded quickly and fought in the Battle of Las Piedras, in September 3, 1812, stopping the advance of the royal troops and achieving a victory that managed to reverse the demoralization of the troops and enable further exodus south.
His contribution was of vital importance in the preparations of the shock to be fought on September 24, 1812. He was at the meeting where Belgrano was persuaded by Bernabé, Pedro Miguel and Cayetano Aráoz -the most powerful family in the city of San Miguel de Tucumán who were his maternal relatives- to face the royalists.
Partly for these conversations and Díaz Vélez victory in Las Piedras, Belgrano dared to give the Battle of Tucumán, in September 24, 1812, which was the most important victory of the Argentina War of Independence and sealed the fate of the revolution. Díaz Vélez acted as major-general or second in command of the army.
Although Belgrano had been dragged by the disbanding of a section of his troop offstage action, the field was left to the infantry patriot. Díaz Vélez, noting that it was alone and without cavalry troops, cautious and steady as usual, managed to take the park of Brigadier Pío Tristán, with thirty-nine wagons loaded with arms, ammunition, some of the guns and hundreds of prisoners. Then he took the measure of replicating successful the infantry neatly into the town of San Miguel de Tucumán, placing it in the pits and trenches that had opened there. With the help of troops from the reserve and also taking the wounded, became strong in the city. He also reorganized the artillery and bet shooters on ceilings and corners, making San Miguel in an impregnable square. Encased in it, protected by moats, Díaz Vélez waited expectantly as the winner because in large part, by his actions, he decided the victory of the revolution weapons that day.
Pío Tristán, fearing what his troops could expect into the city, chose to threaten a pair of entrances, but ordered the withdrawal before the first enemy shots. His last attempt was using diplomatic channels: under the intimation of surrender within two hours made by the realistic chief threatened to burn down the city, Díaz Vélez vehemently replied, inviting him to dare, as the patriotic troops were victorious and inside were 354 prisoners, 120 women, 18 ox carts, all rifle ammunition and cannon, 8 guns, 32 officers and 3 chaplains taken to the royal army. He added that, if necessary, slit the prisoners throat, among whom were four colonels. Tristán dared not fulfill his threat and recognizing his defeated situation he retired up to Salta.
... he enemy sought a new outrage the following day. ... defeated as it was, without artillery, ammunition and baggage, had the audacity to intimate the surrender of the town, where the infantry with part of the cavalry had retired. ... Major General, D. Eustoquio Díaz Vélez, who commanded it, was one of those men whose existence had always been attached to the homeland ... with its strong response, undid his faint hope and made him a confused and shameful retreat.
During the retreat, Belgrano ordered him to chop the rear of the defeated army in their escape to the north, taking many prisoners and also makin rescue of some who had made the royalist troops.
Díaz Vélez assisted, as an officer and unarmed, to the religious and patriotic act of designation of the Virgin of Mercy as "Generala Army" that made General Belgrano because of the battle occurred on September 24, the day that marks the popular devotion to Our Lady of Mercy.
Since then Díaz Vélez, like many other patriots, began to wear at his chest the scapular of his Generala.
A few days later he was sent to take Salta, before the enemy army got there. Freed from prison Colonel Juan Antonio Álvarez de Arenales, beside which managed to occupy the city. They had to evacuate it on early October, when it was occupied by the army of Tristán.
Because of his prestige, he was charged to reorganize, in November 1812, the Regiment N° 6 of "Black and Browns Patricians", consisting of 782 African American enlisted men.
On 13 February 1813 the Army of the North at the edge of the River Pasage sworn in allegiance to the sovereignty of the Assembly of the Year XIII and Díaz Vélez, as Major General, who, in addition to driving the blue and white flag recognized by the Assembly took oath of allegiance to the same to General Belgrano, who then did the same with Díaz Vélez and the rest of the army. As a result of such transcendent act, since then, this river is called also by the name of Oath.
A few days later, at the Battle of Salta, on February 20, 1813, Díaz Vélez directed an Argentina cavalry wing and although was badly wounded, the coontation was a new and major victory for thre patriot weapons. Belgrano took that occasion to name him military governor of the Intendencia de Salta del Tucumán (Province of Salta del Tucumán) of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata, a position he held between 13 March and 13 September of that same year.
After the Battle of Salta, in which first flamed the homeland sign in an act of war, the flag was placed on the balcony of the Cabildo by Eustoquio Díaz Vélez and the trophies took away to thr realists located in the Chapter House. As the military governor of Salta, Díaz Vélez was the first authority in Salta who hoisted the sky blue and white flag.
The victories of Tucumán and Salta allowed the recovery of the Upper Perú by the revolutionaries. Díaz Vélez, as head of the advanced victorious army, triumphantly entered the city of Potosí, on May 7, 1813. Upon arrival, he tried to convince the Upper Peruvian people that their enemies were the people from Lima, who had been the invaders and had seized up sister provinces of the Río de la Plata, their freedoms and their resources -especially its silver production- and that the Buenos Aires army had come to protect them from the royalists.
Inhabitants of the Upper Peru: The winners of Tucumán and Salta, your brothers, have come to protect you against the tyrants of Lima that have enslaved us.
Under pressure from the royalist armies had to withdraw from Potosí.
Under the leadership of Belgrano, during the battle of Battle of Vilcapugio, on October 1, 1813, he led the patriot cavalry. The fight resulted in a straightforward victory for the Spanish troops.
Díaz Vélez led the majority opinion of the officers to retire to Potosi before risking again the revolutionary armies but General Belgrano insisted to face the realistic. On November 14, 1813, at the Battle of Ayohuma patriot forces commanded by Belgrano were again defeated by the royal army. Díaz Vélez guided again the cavalry.
During the retreatby order of Belgrano, and to cover his back, he tried to blow up the building Potosí Mint but the announcement of a population official avoided it.
Both defeats marked the end of the Second helper expedition to Upper Peru and although the royal army was not defeated the revolution managed to stay at the south.
On December 16, the Second Triumvirate ruled that Colonel José de San Martín seconded the General Belgrano in command of the defeated Army of the North. The dispatch ordered the following:
Inasmuch as attending the distinguished services, adherence to a system of freedom, military talents, proven value and known ability of Colonel of the Regiment of Mounted Grenadiers D. José de San Martín, came to confer employment of Major-General of the Heplper Army of Perú, that served in commission of the same cavalry class Line D. Eustoquio Díaz Vélez, giving him thanks, exemptions and privileges that for this title correspond. Therefore, orders and commands to do, be and recognized by such Major General: to which he did issue this office.
Finally the government decided to replace Belgrano himself in command of the Army of the North -because the general was seriously questioned by his performance- and his replacement by San Martín. In the Posta de Yatasto, on January 30, 1814, occurred the transfer of power.
The Directory.
He returned to Buenos Aires where he married Carmen Guerrero y Obarrio, on March 18, 1814. With her he had three children: Carmen, Manuela and Eustoquio.
He was promoted to general. He was immediately sent by the Directory of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata as Lieutenant Governor of Santa Fe, with the clear objective to prevent its secession because in 1813, the commander of Paraná, Eusebio Hereñú, had recognized the caudillo José Gervasio Artigas as "Protector of the Free Peoples" ignoring the dependence of Santa Fe and establishing, in fact, the autonomy of Entre Ríos. The clear purpose of the Directory was to not increase the influence of Artigas at failure obtained by previous lieutenant governors.
Díaz Vélez assumed on March 31, 1814 and occupied the city politically and militarily. He devoted himself to send all he could, by hook or by crook, the Army of the North. His government did not have the sympathy of the people, mainly for not being santafesino but also for not respecting the local town council.
On March 20, 1815 artiguistas forces commanded by Manuel Francisco Artigas, Eusebio Hereñú and Luis Lanche river flotilla landed in Santa Fe and, on March 24, the population demanded to give the control to the local cabildo, three days later, Díaz Vélez had to leave the city.
On April 2 fell the new Supreme Director, Carlos María de Alvear, by the rebellion of Ignacio Álvarez Thomas -at that time in command of an army sent to Santa Fe to fight against Artigas- and the head of the local militia, Francisco Candioti, peacefully took over the government by appointment of the cabildo, ushering in the era of Santa Fe as an autonomous province. On April 26, 1815, the appointment of Candioti was ratified by a popular election. This stage was short, since Candioti was ill and on June 25 he was temporarily supplanted by Pedro Tomás de Larrechea, dying Candioti on August, 27.
Díaz Vélez returned to Buenos Aires but quickly joined the Army of Observation formed by 3,000 men under General Juan José Viamonte, who returned to Santa Fe and influenced the local cabildo, which on September 2, 1815, restored the dependency to the government of Buenos Aires, naming Juan Francisco Tarragona as lieutenant governor.
However, in the town of Añapiré, on March 2, 1816, the caudillos Mariano Vera and Estanislao López revolted and besieged the city, capitulating Viamonte on March, 21. They Demoted the lieutenant governor and proclaimed the sovereignty of the province and its entry into the League of Free Peoples, of Artigas.
In April of that year Díaz Vélez was sent in a third attack to Santa Fe. But, looking to avoid a civil war, and in order that the people of Santa Fe, Entre Ríos, Corrientes and the Banda Oriental send deputies to the Congress of Tucumán he signed -the day 9- with the commander of the naval forces of Santa Fe the Santo Tomé pact, by which the Army of Observation deposed interim director Ignacio Álvarez Thomas, transferred its headquarters to Díaz Vélez, replacing Belgrano and agreed that a final peace should be ratified by both governments and also be accepted by Artigas. Artigas's refusal to sign a final peace agreement led to the non-participation of representatives santafesinos in the Argentine Declaration of Independence in the Congress of Tucumán.
In Buenos Aires the Monitoring Board chaired by Juan José Anchorena and the cabildo, who opposed the interim director, readily accepted the resignation of Álvarez Thomas and appointed Antonio González Balcarce as the new interim director.
A few days after the pact was unknown, Governor Vera attacked the city of Santa Fe and managed to reconquer it, Díaz Vélez was forced to leave because of unsuccessful efforts of the Commissioners (Commission of Real Strange) -lawyers doctors Alejo Castex and Miguel Mariano de Villegas, next to the counter Antonio Pósiga- to the government of the Province of Santa Fe to agree on terms for a ceasefire, "authorized to bargain with the chief of that territorry the transaction of the unfortunately existing differences between the two territories". He left the santafesino land on August 31, 1816 taking with his troops and on behalf of the Directory, the bell of the city cabildo of Santa Fe.
Díaz Vélez returned to Buenos Aires, where he was part of the renewed Lautaro Lodge, created at the initiative of José de San Martín, who tried to remedy his discredit, trying vainly to make resurgence after the fall of the Director Alvear. The new lodge, called "Grand Lodge" or "Ministerial Lodge", was directed by the Supreme Director Pueyrredón, his minister Gregorio García de Tagle and General Tomás Guido, friend and confidant of San Martín. It was conformed by a heterogeneous group of prominent personalities but as Vicente López y Planes, the priest Antonio Sáenz, Antonio Feliciano Chiclana, Anchorena, Felipe Arana, Domingo French, Antonio Luis Beruti, Juan José Paso, Pedro Agrelo, Manuel Moreno, Cornelio Saavedra, Manuel Belgrano, Marcos Balcarce, Juan Larrea and Esteban Augustín Gascón. The policy of the Grand Lodge was characterized by supporting the Supreme Director elected by the Congress of Tucumán, Pueyrredón, who offered his full support to Continental Plan of San Martin and the Army of the Andes to end the War of Independence of Chile, again dominated by the royalists, restore the independent government and end the Spanish rule in the Viceroyalty of Perú.
On 1817 Díaz Vélez was appointed Assistant Commandant General of the Military Staff and on November 13, 1818 he was appointed interim Intendentant Governor of Buenos Aires, replacing Juan Ramón Balcarce, who was ill. In January 1819 he ordered the abolition of bullfighting in El Retiro, for being the circus in ruinous state and to avoid major evils that could ensue the public. He also revisted on the staff of the Military Staff until the end of 1821. 
In March 1819 he requested the removal from Governator, keeping only the functions of Police General Intendet.
The most important police reforms were: the creation of a single command for operation, the implementation of the "security ticket" or identity record of the persons, the transfer of the administration of the lottery game which was in private hands and the lementation of the abolition of flogging to which they were subjected children in schools.
Produced the Arequito Revolt and in front ofe the war against the littoral, the chief of the Military Staff, Saavedra, on 28 January 1820 urged the sovereign Congress to adopt strong measures to remedy the precarious state of the army. Díaz Vélez also asked Congress to urgently meet in secret session. The meeting was held on January 31 and it was decided that the ex Supreme Director Pueyrredón along with another group of people were exiled from the country against the concrete danger that ran their individual security. Congress also appointed Supreme Director substitute alcade of first vote Juan Pedro Aguirre, by 15 votes.
On February 1 was fought the Battle of Cepeda and the victory of the federal army against the directorial finally sully the power of the latter. On February 11, the Cabildo of Buenos Aires forced the Supreme Director José Rondeau resigned and also shall cease power in the hands of the Cabildo. Local authorities also demanded the dissolution of the Congress. National authorities had ceased.
XX Year Anarchy exiled Díaz Vélez in Montevideo.
The time rivadaviana.
The Chamber of Representatives of the Province of Buenos Aires sanctioned immediately after the assumption of Governor General Martín Rodríguez and his minister Bernardino Rivadavia, the Law of Oblivion, dated on September 27, 1821, which allowed the return of political exiles and cemented peace in the province. Thanks to it Díaz Vélez returned to Buenos Aires and in October of that year, was tabled to active duty being comprised in the provisions of the Military Reform Law, so he retired on February 26, 1822 with full pay.
In that way he left the military career to deal with rural activities, tasks performed with great success. Previously he had received a rural establishment in the "Rincon del Toro", on the margins of the Salado River.
Subsequently he took advantage of the rivadaviana Emphyteusis Law and he populated a lot of lands. He founded several estancias that served as economic centers of commerce and communication. The best known were the famous "El Carmen" (located in Tandil -in the current Rauch and Ayacucho Partidos-), "Díaz Velez Fields" and "White Dunes" (located south of the Quequén Grande River the Argentine Sea -in the current Necochea Partido). It became the largest single owner of fields in the province of Buenos Aires.
Constituted the General Congress of 1824 and designated Rivadavia President of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata, was delivered on March 4, 1826, the Capitalization Law declaring the city of Buenos Aires as the capital of the State and increased its perimeter at the expense of an important superficice of the territory of the campaign of the province of Buenos Aires. A few days later, on March 7, a second law was sanctioned, dissolving the powers of the province of Buenos Aires, which was made by the provincial government to cease in the exercise of their functions. In practice, their resources were nationalized, so that the proceeds of the customs and port, among others, became national. On September 12 of that year another bill divided the rest of the province into two new provinces: at the north, the Paraná, with its capital in San Nicolás de los Arroyos and at the south, the Salado, with its capital in Chascomús.
Juan Manuel de Rosas in the province organized a general protest against this policy and revolted in Chascomús, put in prison, he was released quickly due to popular pressure.
The project was resisted by Díaz Vélez who with Rosas, Juan Nepomuceno Terrero, Nicolás Anchorena and other major landowners, collected about seven hundred signatures against it.
The estanciero.
Díaz Vélez was involved in civil wars or outside the years that followed. Instead he went to work his estancias or ranches located on the border bonaerense becoming a powerful landowner with great prestige in the people.
The governor of the province of Buenos Aires Manuel Dorrego, through a decree dated on January 2, 1828 named Díaz Vélez, for that year, Chascomús Justice of the Peace. Dorrego also created the Commission of Landowners, formed with the leading provincial landowners, which intended to restore order and tranquility in the campaign and the drafting of a police regulation. To do this, on 28 September of that year, Díaz Vélez was elected commissioner of the campaign along with Manuel Luzuriaga and Francisco Piñeyro.
During the provisional government of General Viamonte, through Decree 1183 of September 26, 1829, the Minister Secretary of Government Tomás Guido designed once Díaz Vélez member of the commission of fifteen landowners to file a police regulation of the campaign. The commission was composed, besides Manuel Luzuriaga and Francisco Piñeyo, by Lorenzo López, Luis Dorrego, Juan Barrenechea, Braulio Costa, Ramón Villanueva, Nicolás Anchorena, Juan Miller, Ladislao Martínez, Roque del Sar, Benito Lynch, Juan Pedro and Juan Barangot Miguens.
In the years 1831 and 1832 he was a member of the commission for the construction of the new church of Chascomús, whose patron was Our Lady of Mercy. The work was entrusted to engineer Felipe Senillosa, who printed a postcolonial style. The cornerstone was laid on Christmas of 1832 and the construction took fifteen years.
He started the peaceful business with the friendly border Indians that in the interior of the same but because of the large expanses of fields and little existing population in an area exposed to dangers this system did not give the expected results.
In September 1831 Díaz Vélez wrote:
The Indians parade as owners by our fields considered masters of every thing is in it, so that the other day an Indian chief arrived at the Díaz Vélez estancia and having resisted the foreman to give horses to 60 and so may indians who accompanied him, that collected herds from his authority, made them all move and left, without any help protected the attacked property. (...) These damned indians as find anybody alone in the field, they undress him and steal. When they reach the estancias by necessity and but by force must give the fillies and mares to remain and to take to their tents, under the penalty of not doing so are threatened the owners and hated and exposed to arreen them the herds of the field. In one word we are the feudatories of them, either out of fear or because no one support force that could oppose them. They repeat that we are authorized to do all this for the same governor (we know that this is false) (...) 
Produced the "Revolution of the Restorers" -which pitted the "federal schismatics" of General Juan Ramón González de Balcarce, Governor of the Province of Buenos Aires, and the "federal apostolic", followers of Rosas- General Díaz Vélez joined Gervasio Rosas (who was a personal friend of Balcarce), who was understood with Braulio Costa and Félix Álzaga to confer and seek a reconciliation with the governor Balcarce and his remarkables, convened for the purpose. Although Balcarce agreed in principle to resign the charge, he finally did not inluenciated by his minister, General Enrique Martínez. Finally, before the advance of the troops of General Agustin de Pinedo, head of the revolutionary movement, Balcarce resigned to the legislature on November 3, 1833.
During the period between 1833-1835 Díaz Vélez was the largest seller of cattle in the territory of the province.
Opposition to Rosas.
In 1839 he supported the revolution called the "Freemen of the South" against the policies of Governor Juan Manuel de Rosas from his estancia of Tandil.
In the area of Fort Independence the revolution had a lot of support. The general had great recognition and influence over the gauchos and countrymen. They were also part of the uprising Egaña, Miguens, Córdoba, Vazquez, Díaz, Arroyo, Miró, Abiaga, Zárate, Zelarrayán, among others.
Although the Fort Independence surrendered without a fight to the revolutionaries -the November 10, 1839- and they took over the town for several days, the defeat of the revolutionaries in the Battle of Chascomús, which occurred a few days earlier, signed the failure of the revolution. Quickly arrived at nearby Colonel Echeverría, loyal to the government, from Tapalqué with many Indian allies. The latter, seeing whow unprotected was the place, proceeded to loot and destroy it being saved a walled area where Echeverría took refuge with a group of soldiers. The men who not escaped were wounded with spears and women and children captured. The population that at that time was six hundred people was reduced to two dozen neighbors. Echeverria sought help from the General Ramírez leading a large force advancing on Chascomús, the part was received by the Colonel Aguilera who in a forced march reached the fort, which was abandoned by the Indians who took thousands of cattle from the area.
Linked with the Tandil taking, Díaz Vélez was arrested. His house in current 230 Avenida Belgrano, located in Buenos Aires, was sacked by the Mazorca -armed police organization loyalists seized Rosas- and like all his goods and properties.
Prisoner and isolated with his family for a period of nine months, he was released and allowed to go to Montevideo because of his personal reputation.
As a result of the Uruguayan Civil War or Great War, that faced in Uruguay the Colorado Party of Fructuoso Rivera with the white party, led by Rosas ally, Manuel Oribe, it was produced in 1843 the Big Site of Montevideo. To help the defence of the city, General Díaz Vélez formed on 16 February of that same year the Argentina Legion, composed of more than five hundred Argentine volunteers, whose officers were exiled for political reasons both unitary and federal. They were identified by the pale blue and white cockade worn on their hats. Two other legions were organized in the city: The Italian Legion, led by Giuseppe Garibaldi, comprising six hundred men and the French Legion, directed by Juan Chisóstomo Thiebaut, comprising seven thousand soldiers.
Return and last years.
Díaz Vélez returned to Buenos Aires after the Battle of Caseros decisive victory of the Great Army that defeated Rosas regime, on February 3, 1852.
Díaz Vélez, "full of years and of glory" as "meritorious General of the Republic", refused to participate in politics.
Because of his prestige he was appointed President of the Landowners Commission of the province of Buenos Aires and recovered all his fields and much of his estate.
In 1855 the malones attacked Tandil again, therefore the members of the Municipal Corporation Juan Fugl and Narciso Domínguez headed towards the estancia "El Carmen", of Díaz Vélez, located fifty kilometers inside the border line, asking the old General, in his capacity as head of militias, to provide protection to the defenseless people. In the meantime, the few villagers fled to Dolores. By then, it was usual that, due to the large distances to cover and the lack of suitable communication, the national guard arrived late to the scene, when the Indians had produced the looting, taking everything that was useful to them.
Brave as it had been throughout his life, Díaz Vélez, not only did not leave his estancia, but he supplied in it giving refuge and shelter to the gauchos and peasantas of the region and prepared, with the few weapons that he possessed, to defend. The aborigines, who know of his bravery, did not attack the fortification.
He did not achieve to see materialized the efforts he had initiated in recomposing the weakened border as recently, on March 15, 1857, with the signing of a peace agreement held between the veteran General Manuel Escalada, chief of the South Border army, and the major cacique Catriel, other caciques as Cachul, their families and other chieftains, Tandil region recovered a temporary peace.
Among other points agreed, twenty Indians were employed to work on the "El Carmen" of Díaz Vélez.
Death.
Eustoquio Díaz Vélez died in Buenos Aires on April 1, 1856.
His remains rest in the Recoleta Cemetery in the family vault, declared a National Historic Landmark, by decree no. 3039 of 1946 of the National Executive Power.
See also.
Fundación Carlos Díaz Vélez

</doc>
<doc id="18949154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949154" title="Antonine Wall">
Antonine Wall

The Antonine Wall is a stone and turf fortification built by the Romans across what is now the Central Belt of Scotland, between the Firth of Forth and the Firth of Clyde. Representing the northernmost frontier barrier of the Roman Empire, it spanned approximately and was about high and wide. Security was bolstered by a deep ditch on the northern side. The barrier was the second of two "great walls" created by the Romans in Northern Britain. Its ruins are less evident than the better known Hadrian's Wall to the south.
Construction began in 142 AD at the order of Roman Emperor Antoninus Pius, and took about 12 years to complete.
Pressure from the Caledonians may have led Antoninus to send the empire's troops further north. The wall was protected by 16 forts with a number of small fortlets between them; troop movement was facilitated by a road linking all the sites known as the Military Way. The soldiers who built the wall commemorated the construction and their struggles with the Caledonians in a number of decorative slabs, twenty of which still survive. Despite this auspicious start the wall was abandoned after only 20 years, and the garrisons relocated back to Hadrian's Wall. In 208 Emperor Septimius Severus re-established legions at the wall and ordered repairs; this has led to the wall being referred to as the Severan Wall. However, the occupation ended only a few years later, and the wall was never fortified again. Most of the wall and its associated fortifications have been destroyed over time, but some remains are still visible. Many of these have come under the care of Historic Scotland and the UNESCO World Heritage Committee.
Location and construction.
Roman Emperor Antoninus Pius ordered the construction of the Antonine Wall around 142. Quintus Lollius Urbicus, governor of Roman Britain at the time, initially supervised the effort, which took about twelve years to complete. The wall stretches from Old Kilpatrick in West Dunbartonshire on the Firth of Clyde to Carriden near Bo'ness on the Firth of Forth. The wall was intended to extend Roman territory and dominance by replacing Hadrian's Wall to the south, as the frontier of "Britannia". But while the Romans did establish many forts and temporary camps further north of Antonine's wall in order to protect their routes to the north of Scotland, they did not conquer the Caledonians, and the Antonine Wall suffered many attacks. The Romans called the land north of the wall "Caledonia", though in some contexts the term may refer to the whole area north of Hadrian's Wall.
The Antonine Wall was shorter than Hadrian's Wall and built of turf on a stone foundation rather than of stone, but it was still an impressive achievement. The stone foundations and wing walls of the original forts demonstrate that the original plan was to build a stone wall similar to Hadrian's Wall, but this was quickly amended. As built, the wall was typically a bank, about four metres (13 feet) high, made of layered turves and occasionally earth with a wide ditch on the north side, and a military way on the south. The Romans initially planned to build forts every , but this was soon revised to every , resulting in a total of nineteen forts along the wall. The best preserved but also one of the smallest forts is Rough Castle Fort. In addition to the forts, there are at least 9 smaller fortlets, very likely on roman mile spacings, which formed part of the original scheme, some of which were later replaced by forts. The most visible fortlet is Kinneil, at the eastern end of the Wall, near Bo'ness.
In addition to the line of the Wall itself there are a number of coastal forts both in the East (e.g. Inveresk) and West (Outerwards and Lurg Moor), which should be considered as outposts and/or supply bases to the Wall itself. In addition a number of forts farther north were brought back into service in the Gask Ridge area, including Ardoch, Strageath, Bertha and probably Dalginross and Cargill.
Abandonment.
The wall was abandoned after only 20 years, when the Roman legions withdrew to Hadrian's Wall in 162 (although there is evidence to suggest that they left the wall in 158/60, its reliability is unclear), and over time reached an accommodation with the Brythonic tribes of the area who they fostered as the buffer states which would later become "The Old North". After a series of attacks in 197, Emperor Septimius Severus arrived in Scotland in 208 to secure the frontier, and repaired parts of the wall. Although this re-occupation only lasted a few years, the wall is sometimes referred to by later Roman historians as the Severan Wall. This led to later scholars like Bede mistaking references to the Antonine Wall for ones to Hadrian's Wall.
Post-Roman history.
Grim's Dyke.
In medieval histories, such as the chronicles of John of Fordun, the wall is called "Gryme's dyke". Fordun says that the name came from the grandfather of the imaginary king Eugenius son of Farquahar. This evolved over time into Graham's dyke – a name still found in Bo'ness at the wall's eastern end – and then linked with Clan Graham. Of note is that Graeme in some parts of Scotland is a nickname for the devil, and Gryme's Dyke would thus be the Devil's Dyke, mirroring the name of the Roman Limes in Southern Germany often called 'Teufelsmauer'. Grímr and Grim are bynames for Odin or Wodan, who might be credited with the wish to build earthworks in unreasonably short periods of time. This name is the same one found as "Grim's Ditch" several times in England in connection with early ramparts: for example, near Wallingford, Oxfordshire or between Berkhamsted (Herts) and Bradenham (Bucks). Other names used by antiquarians include the Wall of Pius and the Antonine Vallum, after Antoninus Pius. Hector Boece in his 1527 "History of Scotland" called it the "wall of Abercorn", repeating the story that it had been destroyed by Graham.
World Heritage status.
The UK government's nomination of the Antonine Wall for World Heritage status to the international conservation body UNESCO was first officially announced in 2003. It has been backed by the Scottish Government since 2005 and by Scotland's then Culture Minister Patricia Ferguson since 2006. It became the UK's official nomination in late January 2007, and MSPs were called to support the bid anew in May 2007. The Antonine Wall was listed as an extension to the World Heritage Site "Frontiers of the Roman Empire" on 7 July 2008. Though the Antonine Wall is mentioned in the text, it does not appear on UNESCO's map of world heritage properties.
Historic Scotland.
Several individual sites along the line of the wall are in the care of Historic Scotland. These are:
All sites are unmanned and open at all reasonable times. See also :Category:Ancient Roman forts in Scotland.
Mapping the wall.
The first capable effort to systematically map the Antonine Wall was undertaken in 1764 by William Roy, of Ordnance Survey fame. He provided accurate and detailed drawings of its remains, and where the wall has been destroyed by later development, his maps and drawings are now the only reliable record of it.
In fiction.
The Northern Wall is depicted in some of Rosemary Sutcliff's historical fiction novels; as a fully functioning outpost of Roman power in "The Mark of the Horse Lord", and as an abandoned ruin in "Frontier Wolf".
In Max Brooks's post-apocalyptic novel World War Z, the Antonine Wall marks the line at which the British establish their defense against the zombies and the beginning of their free zone.

</doc>
<doc id="18949160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949160" title="Automatic dependent surveillance-broadcast">
Automatic dependent surveillance-broadcast

Automatic dependent surveillance-broadcast (ADS-B) is a cooperative surveillance technology for tracking aircraft. The aircraft determines its own position via GNSS and periodically broadcasts this via a radio frequency. ADS-B is one of the technologies selected as part of the Next Generation Air Transportation System (NextGen) and the European CASCADE program. The United States will require the majority of aircraft operating within its airspace to be equipped with some form of ADS-B Out by January 1, 2020. In the EU airspace planes with a weight above or a max cruise of over 250 knots will be required to carry ADS-B from 2017 (new planes from 2015).
Description.
ADS-B, which consists of two different services, "ADS-B Out" and "ADS-B In", will be replacing radar as the primary surveillance method for controlling aircraft worldwide. In the United States, ADS-B is an integral component of the NextGen national airspace strategy for upgrading or enhancing aviation infrastructure and operations. The ADS-B system can also provide traffic and government generated graphical weather information through TIS-B and FIS-B applications. ADS-B enhances safety by making an aircraft visible, realtime, to ATC and to other appropriately equipped ADS-B aircraft with position and velocity data transmitted every second. ADS-B data can be recorded and downloaded for post-flight analysis. ADS-B also provides the data infrastructure for inexpensive flight tracking, planning, and dispatch.
"ADS-B Out" periodically broadcasts information about each aircraft, such as identification, current position, altitude, and velocity, through an onboard transmitter. ADS-B Out provides air traffic controllers with real-time position information that is, in most cases, more accurate than the information available with current radar-based systems. With more accurate information, ATC will be able to position and separate aircraft with improved precision and timing.
"ADS-B In" is the reception by aircraft of FIS-B and TIS-B data and other ADS-B data such as direct communication from nearby aircraft.
The system relies on two avionics components—a high-integrity GPS navigation source and a datalink (ADS-B unit). There are several types of certified ADS-B data links, but the most common ones operate at 1090 MHz, essentially a modified Mode S transponder, or at 978 MHz. The FAA would like to see aircraft that exclusively operate below use the 978 MHz link since this will help alleviate further congestion of the 1090 MHz frequency. To obtain ADS-B out capability at 1090 MHz, one can install a new transponder or modify an existing transponder if the manufacturer offers an ADS-B upgrade, plus install a certified GPS position source if one is not already present.
Benefits.
ADS-B provides many benefits to both pilots and air traffic control that improve both the safety and efficiency of flight.
Unlike some alternative in-flight weather services currently being offered commercially, there will be no subscription fees to use ADS-B services or its various benefits in the US. The aircraft owner will pay for the equipment and installation, while the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) will pay for administering and broadcasting all the services related to the technology.
Safety.
ADS-B makes flying significantly safer for the aviation community by providing pilots with improved situational awareness. Pilots in an ADS-B In equipped cockpit will have the ability to see, on their in-cockpit flight display, other traffic operating in the airspace as well as access to clear and detailed weather information. They will also be able to receive pertinent updates ranging from temporary flight restrictions (TFRs) to runway closings.
Even aircraft only equipped with ADS-B out will be benefited by air traffic controllers ability to more accurately and reliably monitor their position. When using this system both pilots and controllers will see the same radar picture. Other fully equipped aircraft using the airspace around them will be able to more easily identify and avoid conflict with an aircraft equipped with ADS-B Out. With past systems such as the traffic alert and collision avoidance system (TCAS) aircraft could only see other aircraft equipped with the same technology. With ADS-B, information is sent to aircraft using ADS-B In, which displays all aircraft in the area, even those not equipped with ADS-B technology. ADS-B provides better surveillance in fringe areas of radar coverage. ADS-B does not have the siting limitations of radar. Its accuracy is consistent throughout the range. In both forms of ADS-B (1090ES & 978 MHz UAT), the position report is updated once per second. The 978 MHz UAT provides the information in a single, short duration transmission. The 1090ES system breaks the ADS-B position report message into 5 segments due to capacity limitations of the 1090ES technology.
ADS-B enables improved safety by providing:
Efficiency.
ADS-B technology provides a more accurate report of an aircraft's position. This allows controllers to guide aircraft into and out of crowded airspace with smaller separation standards than it was previously possible to do safely. This reduces the amount of time aircraft must spend waiting for clearances, being vectored for spacing and holding. Estimates show that this is already having a beneficial impact by reducing pollution and fuel consumption.
ADS-B enables increased capacity and efficiency by supporting:
Other applications.
The ADS-B data link supports a number of airborne and ground applications. Each application has its own operational concepts, algorithms, procedures, standards, and user training.
A Cockpit Display of Traffic Information (CDTI) is a generic display that provides the flight crew with surveillance information about other aircraft, including their position. Traffic information for a CDTI may be obtained from one or multiple sources, including ADS-B, TCAS, and TIS-B. Direct air-to-air transmission of ADS-B messages supports display of proximate aircraft on a CDTI.
In addition to traffic based on ADS-B reports, a CDTI function might also display current weather conditions, terrain, airspace structure, obstructions, detailed airport maps, and other information relevant to the particular phase of flight.
ADS-B is seen as a valuable technology to enhance ACAS operation. Incorporation of ADS-B can provide benefits such as:
Eventually, the ACAS function may be provided based solely on ADS-B, without requiring active interrogations of other aircraft transponders.
Other applications that may benefit from ADS-B include:
Theory of operation.
The ADS-B system has three main components: 1) ground infrastructure, 2) airborne component, and 3) operating procedures.
The source of the state vector and other transmitted information as well as user applications are not considered to be part of the ADS-B system.
ADS-B physical layer.
Two link solutions are being used as the physical layer for relaying the ADS-B position reports: 
Universal access transceiver (UAT).
A Universal Access Transceiver (UAT) refers to a data link intended to serve the majority of the general aviation community. The data link is approved in the Federal Aviation Administration's "final rule" for use in all airspace except class A (above 18 000 ft. MSL). UAT is intended to support not only ADS-B, but also Flight Information Service – Broadcast (FIS-B), Traffic Information Service - Broadcast (TIS-B), and, if required in the future, supplementary ranging and positioning capabilities. Due to the set of standards required for this rule, it is seen as the most effective application for general aviation users. UAT will allow aircraft equipped with "out" broadcast capabilities to be seen by any other aircraft using ADS-B In technology as well as by FAA ground stations. Aircraft equipped with ADS-B In technology will be able to see detailed altitude and vector information from other ADS-B Out equipped aircraft as well as FIS-B and TIS-B broadcasts. The FIS-B broadcast will allow receiving aircraft to view weather and flight service information including AIRMETs, SIGMETs, METARs, SPECI, National NEXRAD, Regional NEXRAD, D-NOTAMs, FDC-NOTAMs, PIREPs, Special Use Airspace Status, Terminal Area Forecasts, Amended terminal aerodrome forecasts (TAFs), Winds and Temperature Aloft. These broadcasts serve to provide early adopters of the technology with benefits as an incentive for more pilots to use the technology before 2020. Aircraft receiving traffic information through the TIS-B service will see other aircraft in a manner that is similar to how all aircraft will be seen after they have equipped by 2020. The availability of a non-subscription weather information service, FIS-B, provides general aviation users with a useful alternative to other monthly or annual fee-based services.
The UAT system is specifically designed for ADS-B operation. UAT is also the first link to be certified for "radar-like" ATC services in the United States. Since 2001 it has been providing 5 NM en-route separation (the same as mosaic radar but not 3 NM of single-site sensors) in Alaska. UAT is the only ADS-B link standard that is truly bidirectional: UAT users have access to ground-based aeronautical data (FIS-B) and can receive reports from proximate traffic (TIS-B) through a multilink gateway service that provides ADS-B reports for 1090ES-equipped aircraft and non-ADS-B equipped radar traffic. UAT equipped aircraft can also observe each other directly with high accuracy and minimal latency. Viable ADS-B UAT networks are being installed as part of the United States' NextGen air traffic system.
1090 MHz extended squitter (1090ES).
In 2002 the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) announced a dual link decision using 1090 MHz ES and UAT as media for the ADS-B system in the United States, with the 1,090 MHz extended squitter ADS-B link for air carrier and private or commercial operators of high-performance aircraft, and Universal Access Transceiver (UAT) ADS-B link for the typical general aviation user.
Europe has not officially chosen a physical layer for ADS-B. A number of technologies are in use. However, the influential Eurocontrol Cascade program uses 1090ES exclusively.
With 1090ES, the existing Mode S transponder (TSO C-112 or a standalone 1,090 MHz transmitter) supports a message type known as the extended squitter (ES) message. It is a periodic message that provides position, velocity, time, and, in the future, intent. The basic ES does not offer intent since current flight management systems do not provide such data – called trajectory change points. To enable an aircraft to send an extended squitter message, the transponder is modified (TSO C-166A) and aircraft position and other status information is routed to the transponder. ATC ground stations and aircraft equipped with traffic collision avoidance system (TCAS) already have the necessary 1090 MHz (Mode S) receivers to receive these signals, and would only require enhancements to accept and process the additional Extended Squitter information. As per the FAA ADS-B link decision and the technical link standards 1090ES does not support FIS-B service.
Relationship to surveillance radar.
Radar directly measures the range and bearing of an aircraft from a ground-based antenna. The primary surveillance radar is usually a pulse radar. It transmits a continuous high power sequence of pulses. Bearing is measured by the position of the rotating radar antenna when it receives the reflected beam that comes from the body aircraft; and range is measured by the time it takes for the radar to receive the reflected beam.
Primary surveillance radar does not require any cooperation from the aircraft. It is robust in the sense that surveillance outage failure modes are limited to those associated with the ground radar system. Secondary surveillance radar depends on active replies from the aircraft. Its failure modes include the transponder aboard the aircraft. Typical ADS-B aircraft installations use the output of the navigation unit for navigation and for cooperative surveillance, introducing a common failure mode that must be accommodated in air traffic surveillance systems.
The antenna beam becomes wider as the aircraft gets farther away, making the position information less accurate. Additionally, detecting changes in aircraft velocity requires several radar sweeps that are spaced several seconds apart. In contrast, a system using ADS-B creates and listens for periodic position and intent reports from aircraft. These reports are generated based on the aircraft's navigation system, and distributed via one or more of the ADS-B data links. The integrity of the data is no longer susceptible to the position of the aircraft or the length of time between radar sweeps.
Today's ATC systems do not rely on coverage by a single radar. Instead a multiradar picture is presented via the ATC system's display to the controller (ATCO). This improves the quality of the reported position of the airplane, provides a measure of redundancy, and makes it possible to verify the output of the different radars against others. This verification can also use sensor data from other technologies, such as ADS-B and multilateration.
Relationship to ADS-A/ADS-C.
There are two commonly recognized types of ADS for aircraft applications:
ADS-B differs from ADS-A in that ADS-A is based on a negotiated one-to-one peer relationship between an aircraft providing ADS information and a ground facility requiring receipt of ADS messages. For example, ADS-A reports are employed in the Future Air Navigation System (FANS) using the Aircraft Communication Addressing and Reporting System (ACARS) as the communication protocol. During flight over areas without radar coverage (e.g., oceanic and polar), reports are periodically sent by an aircraft to the controlling air traffic region.
The transmission delay caused by protocol or satellites is significant enough that significant aircraft separations are required. The cost of using the satellite channel leads to less frequent updates. Another drawback is that no other aircraft can benefit from the transmitted information as ACARS information is not re-broadcast from ground facilities to other aircraft.
Traffic information services-broadcast (TIS-B).
TIS-B supplements ADS-B's air-to-air services to provide complete situational awareness in the cockpit of all traffic known to the ATC system. TIS-B is an important service for an ADS-B link in airspace where not all aircraft are transmitting ADS-B information. The ground TIS-B station transmits surveillance target information on the ADS-B data link for unequipped targets or targets transmitting only on another ADS-B link.
TIS-B uplinks are derived from the best available ground surveillance sources:
Multilink gateway service.
The multilink gateway service is a companion to TIS-B for achieving interoperability between different aircraft equipped with 1090ES or UAT by using ground-based relay stations. These aircraft cannot directly share air-to-air ADS-B data due to the different communication frequencies. In terminal areas, where both types of ADS-B link are in use, ADS-B/TIS-B ground stations use ground-to-air broadcasts to relay ADS-B reports received on one link to aircraft using the other link.
Flight information services-broadcast (FIS-B).
FIS-B provides weather text, weather graphics, NOTAMs, ATIS, and similar information. FIS-B is inherently different from ADS-B in that it requires sources of data external to the aircraft or broadcasting unit, and has different performance requirements such as periodicity of broadcast.
In the United States, FIS-B services will be provided over the UAT link in areas that have a ground surveillance infrastructure.
Another potential aircraft-based broadcast capability is to transmit aircraft measurements of meteorological data.
ADS-B in the United States.
While there is currently a drop in air travel due to a general economic downturn, delay and congestion continue to build in the United States' busiest airports and the surrounding airspace. The Federal Aviation Administration must not only address current congestion, but also be poised to handle future demand that will surely return as the nation's economy improves. The FAA has been developing the Next-Generation Air Transportation System (NextGen) for the purpose of changing the way the National Airspace System (NAS) operates. NextGen will allow the NAS to expand to meet future demand and support the economic viability of the system. In addition, NextGen will improve safety and support environmental initiatives such as reducing congestion, noise, emissions, and fuel consumption through increased energy efficiency.
The automatic dependent surveillance-broadcast system (ADS-B) is an essential part of the planned NextGen airspace upgrade and will create better aircraft visibility at a lower overall cost than before. ADS-B equipment is built to meet one of two sets of US government standards, DO-260B and DO-282B.
By 2020, all aircraft operating in the US airspaces listed below will be required to carry equipment that produces an ADS-B out broadcast.
The FAA has published a rule requiring ADS-B transmitters in many types of airspace (ADS-B Out) to take effect on January 1, 2020, but there is no mandate for ADS-B In, which receives data and provides it to in-cockpit displays. The FAA airspace requirements intentionally exclude some airspace that is frequently used by general aviation.
ADS-B will offer increased safety, efficiency and environmental awareness for pilots and air traffic controllers at a lower overall cost than the current radar system. Companies have already begun selling and developing aircraft hardware systems to allow general aviation aircraft owners to equip at an affordable cost. These companies include Avidyne, Aviation Communication and Surveillance Systems (a joint venture of L-3 Communications and Thales), Garmin, Intelcan, Rockwell Collins, ., and Dynon Avionics.
Since the FAA has passed its final ruling on ADS-B, the uncertainty that prevented companies from producing hardware has been removed. The industry is seeing products being developed for all price points, low to high, and competitively priced equipment is nearing approval. As the technology matures more features are also becoming available creating even greater benefits for general aviation users.
Summary of final rule.
This final rule will add equipage requirements and performance standards for ADS-B Out avionics. ADS-B Out broadcasts information about an aircraft through an onboard transmitter to a ground receiver. Use of ADS-B Out will move air traffic control from a radar-based system to a satellite-derived aircraft location system. Operators will have two options for equipage under this rule—the 1,090 megahertz extended squitter (ES) broadcast link or the Universal Access Transceiver (UAT) broadcast link. Generally, this equipment will be required for aircraft operating in Classes A, B, and C airspace, certain Class E airspace, and other specified airspace.
The FAA has concluded that this rule will require only the performance requirements necessary for ADS-B Out. While certain requirements adopted in this rule will support some ADS-B In applications, the FAA is not adopting the higher performance standards that would enable all of the initial ADS-B In applications. Pilots should be aware that in accepting the FAA's positions regarding antenna diversity and position source accuracy, compliance with this rule alone may not enable operators to take full advantage of certain ADS-B In applications. Operators may voluntarily choose equipment that meets the higher performance standards in order to enable the use of these applications.
This system will make radar based ATC obsolete, moving the nation to a satellite derived aircraft location system.
This will make ADS-B the backbone of the NextGen ATC system coming online in 2020.
Equipping aircraft.
Fleet: 250,000 GA aircraft that will need ADS-B by 2020 of which 165,000 aircraft subject to ADS-B Out (Class I and Class II aircraft that generally fly below 18 000 feet). FAA forecasts an increase in the GA fleet from 224,172 aircraft in 2010 to 270,920 aircraft in 2031, growing an average of 0.9% per year.
2007 – Early estimates stated the cost to equip a general aviation aircraft ranged from $7,644 to $10,920 for ADS-B Out and from $10,444 to $29,770 for ADS-B Out and ADS-B In, depending on aircraft type.
2009 – Assuming 2009 market prices for individual system components, a UAT retrofit was estimated at $18,000 and new at $25,000. For a 1090ES retrofit $4,200 and new at $18,000.
Recent (April 2011) US federal legislation via House Bill for FAA reauthorization permits an "equipping fund" that includes a portion for some general aviation aircraft. The fund would provide financing at competitive rates back by loan guarantees. A public-private partnership has been formed as the NextGen Equipage Fund, LLC which is managed by NEXA General Partnership, LLC.
US implementation timetable.
The Federal Aviation Administration ADS-B implementation is broken into three segments each with a corresponding time line. Ground segment implementation and deployment is expected to begin in 2009 and be completed by 2013 throughout the National Airspace System (NAS). Airborne equipment is user-driven and is expected to be completed both voluntarily based on perceived benefits and through regulatory actions (Rulemaking) by the FAA. The cost to equip with ADS-B Out capability is relatively small and would benefit the airspace with surveillance in areas not currently served by radar. The FAA intends to provide similar service within the NAS to what radar is currently providing (5 nmi en route and 3 nmi terminal radar standards) as a first step to implementation. However, ADS-B In capability is viewed as the most likely way to improve NAS throughput and enhance capacity.
In December 2008, Acting FAA Administrator Robert A. Sturgell gave the go-ahead for ADS-B to go live in southern Florida. The south Florida installation, which consists of 11 ground stations and supporting equipment, is the first commissioned in the United States, although developmental systems have been online in Alaska, Arizona, and along the East Coast since 2004. The completed system will consist of 794 ground station transceivers. The December 2008 action is in compliance with a late-term executive order from George W. Bush which mandated accelerated approval of NextGen.
ADS-B deployment and voluntary equipment, along with rule-making activities. Pockets of development will exploit equipment deployment in the areas that will provide proof of concept for integration to ATC automation systems deployed in the NAS. It is being developed at the FAA's William J. Hughes Technical Center near Egg Harbor City, New Jersey.
ADS-B ground stations will be deployed throughout the NAS, with an in-service decision due in the 2012–2013 time frame. Completed deployment will occur in 2013–14. Equipment rules have been finalized and the current standards are DO-282B for UAT and DO-260B for 1090ES:
ADS-B In equipment will be based on user perceived benefit, but is expected to be providing increased situational awareness and efficiency benefits within this segment. Those aircraft who choose to equip in advance of any mandate will see benefits associated with preferential routes and specific applications. Limited radar decommissioning will begin in the time frame with an ultimate goal of a 50% reduction in the secondary surveillance radar infrastructure.
On May 27, 2010, the FAA published its final rule mandating that by 2020 all aircraft owners will be required to have ADS-B Out capabilities when operating in any airspace that currently requires a transponder (airspace classes A, B, and C, and airspace class E at certain altitudes).
On June 14, 2012, FreeFlight Systems and Chevron received STC for first rule-compliant ADS-B installation in GOMEX helicopters that was awarded by the FAA.
System design considerations of ADS-B.
A concern for any ADS-B protocol is the capacity for carrying ADS-B messages from aircraft, as well as allowing the radio channel to continue to support any legacy services. For 1090ES, each ADS-B message is composed of a pair of data packets. The greater the number of packets transmitted from one aircraft, the lesser the number of aircraft that can participate in the system, due to the fixed and limited channel data bandwidth.
System capacity is defined by establishing a criterion for what the worst environment is likely to be, then making that a minimum requirement for system capacity. For 1090ES, both TCAS and ATCRBS/MSSR are existing users of the channel. 1090ES ADS-B must not reduce capacity of these existing systems.
The FAA national program office and other international aviation regulators are addressing concerns about ADS-B non-secure nature of ADS-B transmissions. ADS-B messages can be used to know the location of an aircraft, and there is no means to guarantee that this information is not used inappropriately. Additionally, there are some concerns about the integrity of ADS-B transmissions. ADS-B messages can be produced, with simple, low-cost measures, which spoof the locations of multiple phantom aircraft to disrupt safe air travel. There is no foolproof means to guarantee integrity, but there are means to monitor for this type of activity. This problem is however similar to the usage of ATCRBS/MSSR where false signals also are potentially dangerous (uncorrelated secondary tracks).
There are some concerns about ADS-B dependence on satellite navigation systems to generate state vector information, although the risks can be mitigated by using redundant sources of state vector information; e.g., GPS, GLONASS, Galileo or multilateration.
There are some general aviation concerns that ADS-B removes anonymity of the VFR aircraft operations. The ICAO 24-bit transponder code specifically assigned to each aircraft will allow monitoring of that aircraft when within the service volumes of the Mode-S/ADS-B system. Unlike the Mode A/C transponders, there is no code "1200"/"7000", which offers casual anonymity. Mode-S/ADS-B identifies the aircraft uniquely among all in the world, in a similar fashion as a MAC number for an Ethernet card or the International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) of a GSM phone. However, the FAA is allowing UAT-equipped aircraft to utilize a random self-assigned temporary ICAO address in conjunction with the use of beacon code 1200. 1090ES equipped aircraft using ADS-B will not have this option.
A historical overview of FAA decision on the ADS-B link architecture for use in the National Airspace System (NAS).

</doc>
<doc id="18949162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949162" title="Jacob Gartner Lauman">
Jacob Gartner Lauman

Jacob Gartner Lauman (January 20, 1813 – February 9, 1867) was a prominent American businessman from Iowa and a controversial general in the Union Army during the American Civil War. 
He commanded an infantry brigade in the Army of the Tennessee in several campaigns in the Western Theater, and then led a division during the 1863 Vicksburg Campaign, where his inadequate performance in the Siege of Jackson led to his being sent home for the rest of the war without a subsequent command.
Early life and career.
Lauman was born in Taneytown, Maryland. He grew up in York, Pennsylvania, and was educated at the York County Academy. In 1844, he moved to Burlington, Iowa, and became a successful businessman engaged in commerce.
Civil War service.
Following the outbreak of the Civil War, Lauman was actively engaged in recruiting volunteers to join several new military companies he was raising. He received a commission from the Governor of Iowa, Samuel J. Kirkwood, as the colonel of the 7th Iowa Infantry on July 11, 1861. He first saw action in the Western Theater and served under Maj. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant in Missouri. Lauman was severely wounded in his left thigh during the Battle of Belmont on November 7. His 7th Iowa was distinguished for gallant conduct during the fighting, and it suffered greater loss than any other regiment taking part in the engagement, amounting to more than 400 killed, wounded and missing.
He returned to his regiment in time for the next campaign, but then was given brigade command. He was appointed to lead the 4th Brigade, 2nd Division during Grant's attack on Fort Donelson in Tennessee, and was among the first troops to storm and enter the Confederate works. In recognition of his service at Fort Donelson, Grant promoted him to brigadier general in the Union Army on March 21, 1862. Subsequently, Lauman commanded a brigade in Maj. Gen. Stephen A. Hurlbut's division at the Battle of Shiloh on April 6–7, 1862.
Lauman commanded his brigade in the Battle of Hatchie's Bridge in rural Tennessee, an action on October 6, 1862. Maj. Gen. Edward O.C. Ord led a detachment of the Army of West Tennessee on an expedition aimed at destroying Confederate Maj. Gen. Earl Van Dorn's Army of West Tennessee as it retreated from Corinth, Mississippi.
In 1863, Lauman led the 4th Division of the XVI Corps during the Siege of Vicksburg. He was relieved of duty by the order of Maj. Gen. William T. Sherman shortly after the capture of Jackson, Mississippi, on July 16, 1863. He failed to properly execute orders on how to deploy his troops from his immediate superior, Ord, who accused him of wanton disregard for the orders that led to a heavy loss in casualties.
Lauman subsequently returned to Iowa to await his next assignment. Orders were never forthcoming, and Lauman sat out the rest of the war. However, in the omnibus promotions following the war, he received a brevet promotion to major general in the Union Army, dating from March 13, 1865. He formally mustered out of the volunteer service on August 24.
Postbellum.
Lauman resumed his commercial ventures, but he suffered ill health from his lingering Belmont wound. He tried without success to clear his name, blaming his failure on a misunderstanding. 
Lauman died in Burlington, Iowa, in February 1867. He was buried in Aspen Grove Cemetery in Burlington.

</doc>
<doc id="18949168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949168" title="Ali Akbar Javanfekr">
Ali Akbar Javanfekr

Ali Akbar Javanfekr (born 12 June 1959) is a senior Iranian politician and the presidential advisor for press affairs and as of 19 December 2010, He is the Managing-Director of IRNA since 1 November 2010 On 20 November 2011, he was sentenced to a year in prison on charges of "publishing materials contrary to Islamic norms", this was later uphold by the court.
Career.
As chief executive of the official Islamic Republic News Agency (IRNA), Javanfekr was reportedly "one of the most powerful figures in publicizing Iran’s government policies and messages to the outside world". In December 2010 he led a delegation to Pakistan to discuss the use of media in reducing extremism. In March 2009, as an aide to president Ahmadinejad, he urged the US "to end sanctions and drop its support for Israel."
Arrest and case.
On 20 November 2011 Javanfekr was sentenced to a year in jail and suspended from journalism for three years for "publishing materials contrary to Islamic norms", questioning the Islamic Republic's compulsory dress code for women. Javanfekr had been put on trial after the publication of a series of articles about the chador, a traditional hijab garment that covers Iranian women from head to toe. In one article, Ahmadinejad's former media adviser, Mehdi Kalhor, "criticised the black colour of Iranian chadors, saying they did not originate from the Persian culture but were rather imported from the west."
He has a "few weeks" to appeal the sentence and is expected to do so.
On 21 November 2011 he was handcuffed in a raid on his office in Tehran in which tear gas was used. At least 32 other people were also arrested. He was later released 
In a statement to IRNA Javanfekr complained
"They arrested some of our reporters and took them away and hit one of my colleagues with an electric baton. My colleagues were traumatised, some of them were hurt … I'm a representative of the government and the president's adviser … If they had summoned me, I would have gone to them. They did not need to do these kind of actions."
His arrest "appears" to be as a result of the court ruling, but according to the New York Times, may be in retaliation for an interview given by Javanfekr to the reformist newspaper "Etemad", 19 November "in which he disparaged" some of Pres. Ahmadinejad’s "conservative rivals. In response to interview questions about "the recent power struggle, Javanfekr said the president has come `to serve the people` and `will stay till the end, till martyrdom`". Etemad was immediately ordered closed for two months for `disseminating lies and insults to officials in the establishment.`" 
Javanfekr is reportedly one of "dozens of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's political backers to be targeted by hard-line opponents." He has also been called "one of the few who have stood firm behind Mahmoud Ahmadinejad during the president's power struggle with conservatives." According to the AP news service, his arrest "appears to be part of an internal power struggle over influencing upcoming elections for parliament", slated for March 2012.
Javanfekr is at present (27 February 2012) Presidential Advisor of Press Affairs and according to IRNA heads the official Islamic Republic News Agency and the Iran Press and Cultural Institute affiliated to IRNA.

</doc>
<doc id="18949180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949180" title="John Kamyuka">
John Kamyuka

John Kamyuka (born 11 January 1989) is a Batswana swimmer who represented Botswana at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, competing in the men's 50m freestyle event. At a height of 175cm (5'8" or 5'9") and a weight of 72 kg (158 or 159 pounds), he was (along with Samantha Paxinos) one of the first two Olympic swimmers from his landlocked country. Although he failed to swim the 50m race in the required time, he was able to go to the Olympics as a wild card. Swimming in the fifth heat of the 50m freestyle qualifications, he finished with a time of 25.54 seconds, completing the race sixth in his heat and seventy-second overall. He did not advance to the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="18949186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949186" title="Jessie Bateman">
Jessie Bateman

Jessie Eliza Bateman (2 August 1877 – 14 November 1940) was an English stage actress. Bateman began her career as a child actress. After early success on tour in Shakespearean roles, she built her career both in London and foreign tours. She had her greatest success in the early years of the 20th century, and her career spanned over half a century.
Biography.
Bateman made her first professional appearance aged ten at the Alhambra Theatre in a series of ballets. In 1889, she had her first dramatic role at the Globe Theatre as "Cobweb" in "A Midsummer Night's Dream". In 1890, she appeared at The Prince of Wales Theatre in "The Rose and the King" and in 1891 in Arthur Sullivan's grand opera, "Ivanhoe" at The Royal English Opera House.
Bateman spent the next five years with F. R. Benson's Shakespearean touring company, playing increasingly important roles, including Titania in "A Midsummer Night's Dream" and Celia in "As You Like It". In 1894 she married George Augustus Ashfordby-Trenchard. He began a military career but soon turned to acting. In 1896, she returned to London and played at the Comedy Theatre, appearing in "The Guinea Stamp" and "Mr Martin".
She was then employed by George Edwardes for a tour of South Africa. There she played a variety of leading roles in such works as "The Little Minister", a comedy by J. M. Barrie, "Secret Service", a serio-drama, and "Under the Red Robe", a romantic drama. After a brief return the London in 1898, she toured the United States in the title role of "Peggy Stubbs" and in H. Reeves-Smith's play, "A Brace of Partridges". She returned to London with Reeves-Smith, starring with him at the Royalty Theatre as Connie in "A Little Ray of Sunshine". In 1899, she joined Charles Hawtrey's company at the Avenue Theatre in the role of Minnie Templar in "A Message from Mars", then touring in that role in America and playing it again at The Prince of Wales Theatre in London. When the Second Boer War began in 1899, Bateman's husband resumed his military career but died in South Africa in 1902.
In 1904, Bateman starred as Fairy Rosebud in W. S. Gilbert's "The Fairy's Dilemma" at the Garrick Theatre. Around this time, she also starred as Fanny in "The Clandestine Marriage", Nell'in "Everybody's Secret", Imogen in "The Cabinet Minister", and Acacia Dean in "Lucky Miss Dean" and with Cyril Maude in "Beauty and the Barge". She joined Gerald du Maurier in 1906 as Gwendoline Conran in "Raffles" at the Comedy Theatre, which ran for 351 performances, perhaps her greatest success to that date. When the run ended in 1907, she married Wilfred G. Chancellor with whom she had three children.
In 1909 she returned to the stage appearing in "The Merry Devil" at the Playhouse Theatre as Madame de Tessenari. She appeared in a revival of "The Whip", by Cecil Raleigh and Henry Hamilton, at Theatre Royal, Drury Lane in 1910 (in which she rode a horse astride). "Playgoer and Society Illustrated" wrote, "It would be difficult to find a sweeter Lady Diana Sartorys than Miss Jessie Bateman". She continued her stage career for more than twenty years thereafter and also appeared as Mrs. Wayne in a short film, "Account Rendered", in 1932. She made her last major appearance on stage in 1933 at the Queen's Theatre in "Spendlove Hall".
Bateman died in 1940 at the age of 63.

</doc>
<doc id="18949187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949187" title="Reginald of Bar (bishop of Metz)">
Reginald of Bar (bishop of Metz)

Reginald of Bar was bishop of Metz from 1302 to 1313. He was the son of Thiébaut II, count of Bar and his wife Jeanne de Toucy, and the grandson of Henry II of Bar.
He was made canon at Rheims, Laon, Verdun and Cambrai and then, before 1298, archdeacon of Brussels. He then became archdeacon of Besançon in 1299 before being made canon and 'princier' of Metz in 1301 and provost of la Madeleine in Verdun in 1302. In mid-1302, he was elected bishop of Metz, but the election was considered irregular since the pope held the privilege of name the holder of this bishopric. To solve the problem, appease the clergy at Metz and save face, Pope Boniface VIII vetoed the election but then immediately named Reginald as his choice for the bishopric. He was the only prelate from the archdiocese of Trier to assist at the council of Vienne, called by pope Clement V to suppress the Templars. Reginald fought against Theobald II, Duke of Lorraine, then against the magistrates of Metz. He was forced to retire in the messine campaign and died on 4 May 1316, apparently poisoned.

</doc>
<doc id="18949193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949193" title="Adel Massaad">
Adel Massaad

Adel Massaad (born June 24, 1964) is a professional table tennis player. In 2007, he qualified to participate in the Summer Olympics 2008. He was born in Moers.

</doc>
<doc id="18949197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949197" title="2004 Connecticut Sun season">
2004 Connecticut Sun season

The 2004 WNBA season was their 6th season and their 2nd in Connecticut. The Sun attempted to return to the postseason for the second consecutive season and were successful.
Offseason.
Dispersal Draft.
Based on the Sun's 2003 record, they would pick 8th in the Cleveland Rockers dispersal draft. However, the Sun traded the pick to the Houston Comets.
Schedule.
Playoffs.
In the first round of the Eastern Conference Playoffs, the Sun had to face the Washington Mystics. Since the Sun had the better record, the series would be played with game 1 at Washington, game 2 at Connecticut, and game 3 (if needed) at Connecticut. The Sun lost the first game, but won the next two to advance to the next round.
In the second round of the Eastern Conference Playoffs, the Sun had to face the New York Liberty. The Sun and the Liberty had identical records and each team had won two of the four meetings against each other in the regular season. The Sun attained home-court advantage however, because they beat the Liberty by more than the Liberty beat them. The series would be played with game 1 at New York and games 2 and 3 (if needed) at Connecticut. The Sun swept the Liberty and game 3 was not needed.
The Sun advanced to the WNBA Finals. The team would be facing off against the Seattle Storm. The Storm had the better record so the series would be played with game 1 at Connecticut, and games 2 and 3 (if needed) at Seattle. This was the last year the league played the finals in a best-of-three setup. The Storm beat the Sun 2 games to 1 to win the WNBA Finals.

</doc>
<doc id="18949200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949200" title="Aphex Twin">
Aphex Twin

Richard David James (born 18 August 1971), best known by his stage name Aphex Twin, is an English electronic musician and composer. He founded the record label Rephlex Records in 1991 with Grant Wilson-Claridge. He has been described by "The Guardian" as "the most inventive and influential figure in contemporary electronic music". His album "Selected Ambient Works 85-92" was named as the best album of the '90s by "FACT Magazine".
Aphex Twin has also recorded music under the aliases AFX, Blue Calx, Bradley Strider, Caustic Window, Smojphace, GAK, Martin Tressider, Polygon Window, Power-Pill, Q-Chastic, Tahnaiya Russell, The Diceman, The Tuss, and Soit-P.P.
Aphex Twin has released recordings on Rephlex, Warp, R&S, Sire, Mighty Force, Rabbit City, and Men Records.
History.
Early years.
Richard David James was born in Limerick, Ireland, and grew up in Lanner, Cornwall, enjoying along with two older sisters, a "very happy" childhood during which they, according to James, "were pretty much left to do what wanted". He "liked growing up there, being cut off from the city and the rest of the world". James attended Redruth School, located in Redruth, Cornwall.
According to musician Benjamin Middleton, James started producing music at the age of 12. As a teenager he was a disc jockey at the Shire Horse Inn in St Ives, with Tom Middleton at the Bowgie Inn in Crantock, and also along the numerous beaches around Cornwall. James studied for a National Diploma in Engineering from 1988 to 1990 (aged 16 to 18) at Cornwall College. Talking about his studies, James has said that "music and electronics went hand in hand". James graduated from college; according to an engineering lecturer, however, he often had his headphones on during practical lessons, "no doubt thinking through the mixes he'd be working on later".
Early career: early 1990s.
In 1989 James met and befriended Grant Wilson-Claridge when working as a DJ on alternate weeks at the Bowgie pub, near Newquay in Cornwall. Wilson-Claridge was intrigued by James' sets and was surprised to discover that James was playing tapes of his own music. When he noticed this, Wilson-Claridge suggested that they press up some records. In the beginning, committing Aphex Twin’s recordings to vinyl was a way of making music the duo's friends wanted to hear. Due to their geographical dislocation they did not have access to the music they wanted to hear and so they decided to create their own.
James' first release was the 12-inch EP "Analogue Bubblebath" on Mighty Force Records in 1991. It was first released under the moniker Aphex Twin, later changed to AFX. The track "En Trance to Exit" was made in collaboration with Tom Middleton, also known as Schizophrenia. The EP got on the playlist of Kiss FM, an influential London radio station, which helped the release to become a success.
In 1991, James and Wilson-Claridge founded Rephlex Records to promote "innovation in the dynamics of Acid — a much-loved and misunderstood genre of house music forgotten by some and indeed new to others, especially in Britain".
Between 1991 and 1993, James released two "Analogue Bubblebath" EPs as AFX, and an EP under Bradley Strider, "Bradley's Beat". James moved to London to take an electronics course at Kingston Polytechnic, but at the time admitted to David Toop that his "electronics studies were already slipping away as a career in the techno business took precedence". After quitting his course, James remained in London and released a number of albums and EPs on Warp Records and other labels under many aliases including AFX, Polygon Window, and Power-Pill. A number of James' tracks (released under the aliases Blue Calx, The Dice Man, and others) appeared on various compilations. Local legend has it that James lived on the roundabout in Elephant and Castle, South London during his early years in the capital - in fact, he lived in a nearby disused bank.
Gaining success: 1992–1995.
The first full-length Aphex Twin album, "Selected Ambient Works 85–92", was released in 1992 on R&S Records. It received high ratings and praise from critics. John Bush of Allmusic described it as a "watershed of ambient music". In 2002, "Rolling Stone" wrote of the album: "Aphex Twin expanded way beyond the ambient music of Brian Eno by fusing lush soundscapes with oceanic beats and bass lines." Pitchfork Media's review called it "among the most interesting music ever created with a keyboard and a computer". Critics also noted that the songs were recorded on cassette and that the sound quality was "relatively poor".
In 1992, he also released the EPs "Xylem Tube EP" and "Digeridoo" (first played by DJ Colin Faver on London's Kiss FM) as Aphex Twin, as Power-Pill the "Pac-Man EP" based on the arcade game "Pac-Man", and two of his four Caustic Window EPs. "Digeridoo" reached #55 in the UK Singles Chart, and was later described as foreshadowing drum and bass by "Rolling Stone". "Digeridoo" was recorded initially for the benefit of FIZZ-BOMB (at the Shire Horse, St Ives, Cornwall). These early releases came out on Rephlex Records, Mighty Force of Exeter, and R&S Records of Belgium.
In 1993, James released "Analogue Bubblebath 3". He also released a single titled "On"; his second Bradley Strider EP, "Bradley's Robot"; two more Caustic Window EPs; and his first releases on Warp Records, "Surfing on Sine Waves" and "Quoth" under the alias Polygon Window.
Warp Records pressed and released a follow-up to "Selected Ambient Works 85-92", "Selected Ambient Works Volume II" in 1994. The sound was much less beat and melody-driven than the previous volume. All of the track names were described with pie chart symbols, each of which was meant to be paired with a corresponding image in the album jacket, with exception for one song, which was named "Blue Calx". To decipher song titles, listeners had to compare the length of each track with the size of each pie chart symbol. For example, the first title, which is often labelled "cliffs", is realised by pairing the first symbol with the first image, which is that of a rocky cliffside. James claimed in "The Wire" magazine and other media that these songs were inspired by lucid dreams and synaesthesia. Other releases are a fourth "Analogue Bubblebath"; "GAK", derived from early demos sent to Warp Records; and "Classics", a compilation album that includes "Digeridoo" and the "Xylem Tube EP".
For his 1995 release, "...I Care Because You Do", James used an image of his face for the album cover, a motif that would continue on many of his later records. The album was a compilation of songs composed between 1990 and 1994 and represented a mish-mash of Aphex Twin's various music styles. This was James' last record of the 1990s to use mostly analogue synthesizers. He commissioned Western classical-music composer Philip Glass to create an orchestral version of one of the songs from this album, "Icct Hedral", which appeared on the "Donkey Rhubarb" EP.
Jungle, DSP, and laptops: 1995–1999.
In 1995 (primarily with "Hangable Auto Bulb", a near anagram of "Analogue Bubblebath"), James began releasing more material composed on computers, combining a jungle sound with nostalgic childhood themes and computer-generated acid lines.
James' early adoption of software synthesizers predated the later popularity of using computers to make music. In the mid-to-late 1990s, his music gradually gained more mainstream appeal, as he released "Richard D. James Album" and "Expert Knob Twiddlers" (a collaboration with fellow dance producer µ-ziq) in 1996, "Come to Daddy" in 1997 (#36 on UK charts) and "Windowlicker" in 1999 (#16 on UK charts). Two pop songs that heavily use Digital Signal Processing (DSP) techniques, "Come to Daddy" and "Windowlicker" were shown on MTV and became cover features for music magazines such as "NME". The videos for both singles were directed by British artist Chris Cunningham and caused controversy on release because of their disturbing images and themes.
In 1998, Aphex Twin's track "rhubarb" (from "Selected Ambient Works Volume II") appeared as part of the BBC's digital widescreen test transmission, which was on loop for many months as the service was introduced across the UK.
Prepared piano, laptops, and more DSP: 2000–2003.
In 2001 Aphex Twin released "Drukqs", a two-CD album that featured computer controlled piano songs influenced by Erik Satie and John Cage. Many of the tracks' names are written in the Cornish language (i.e., 'jynweythek' translatable as 'machinemusic'). Also included were abrasive, fast, and meticulously programmed computer-made songs. "Rolling Stone" described the piano songs as "aimlessly pretty". Some reviewers concluded that "Drukqs" was released as a contract breaker with Warp Records—a credible guess, as James' next big release was released on his own Rephlex label. James claimed to interviewers he had accidentally left an MP3 player labelled "Aphex Twin—unreleased tracks" on a plane, containing a large set of new songs, and rushed the album release to preempt an Internet leak. He also released a short EP titled "2 Remixes By AFX" the same year as "Drukqs". It featured two remixes, the originals being from 808 State and DJ Pierre. In addition, there is one untitled third track that consists of an SSTV image, which consists of mostly of high-pitched sounds, which can be decoded to a viewable image by proper software such as MultiMode (for Macintosh) or MMSSTV (for Windows).
Synthesizers and drum machines: 2004–present.
In late 2004, James released his "Analord" series, an 11-part series of EPs with 42 total tracks, initially averaging 2–4 tracks per EP. The series was created by playing and sequencing analogue and digital electronic music equipment such as synthesizers and drum machines. The series was recorded on magnetic tape and then later pressed on vinyl.
James was meticulous about the whole process of recording, mastering, and pressing. James has said Rephlex Records was strict on quality control, trying out various pressing-plant companies until they felt it sounded perfect. To James' ears, vinyl or tape is better than digital, as no two copies are the same. However, label co-owner Grant Wilson-Claridge convinced James to release a CD compilation, "Chosen Lords", which included 10 selected tracks from the "Analord" series. For the "Analord" series James used his collection of vintage synthesizer and drum machines, some of which were quite rare by that time. Some of the record inserts have pictures of rare synthesizers like the Synton Fenix, and the notoriously difficult-to-program Roland MC-4 sequencer, as well as the Roland TB-303.
In 2007 media reports indicated that Aphex Twin was recording under a new alias called The Tuss. Rephlex Records has denied that Aphex Twin is The Tuss, but Aphex Twin fans and the media have ignored Rephlex's denial and The Tuss is treated as yet another Aphex Twin project; further evidence being provided by the fact that all Tuss tracks are published in the BMI Repertoire under the name JAMES RICHARD DAVID.
Twenty more tracks were added to the "Analord" series in December 2009, only available through download from the Rephlex Records website, such that each EP now contains up to 9 tracks.
In an October 2010 interview with British magazine Another Man, James stated that he had completed 6 albums, one of which was a remake of the unreleased "Melodies from Mars", originally produced around the time of "Richard D. James Album". In June 2011, he spoke to Spanish magazine EL PAIS. When asked about the 6 albums, he answered 'More than 10 or 11 are already compiled, and many more songs are orphans.' He also revealed that a new album 'will show in a while' and that the reason it has been so long since his last album was that he was waiting for a divorce from his wife.
Background details.
Artwork.
James' own face, grinning or distorted in some way, is a common theme in his album covers, his music videos, and the songs themselves. According to him, it began in spite of Techno producers who chose to conceal their identities.
The cover of "...I Care Because You Do" features an unsettling painting of James, while the cover of "Richard D. James Album" presents a close-up photograph. His face is transplanted onto other people's bodies in the music videos of "Come to Daddy" and "Windowlicker". Near the end of the second track of the "Windowlicker" single (commonly referred to as "Equation"), a photo of James' face is embedded as a steganogram which is revealed when run through spectral analysis. Another embedded image of James, along with collaborator Tom Jenkinson, appears in the third track of "2 Remixes by AFX", "Bonus High Frequency Sounds", encoded in SSTV format, with text relating to the release.
James has used his own photography for some of his releases, such as the elaborate album sleeve for "Selected Ambient Works Volume II".
Braindance.
Richard's own Rephlex Records label, which he co-owns with Grant Wilson-Claridge, coined the term Braindance in 1991 to describe Aphex Twin's music. Rephlex Records' official definition of Aphex Twin and his followers' music is quoted as follows: "Braindance is the genre that encompasses the best elements of all genres, e.g. traditional, classical, electronic music, popular, modern, industrial, ambient, hip-hop, electro, house, techno, breakbeat, hardcore, ragga, garage, drum and bass, etc."
Braindance applies to forward-thinking electronic music that can appeal to the mind as well as the desire to dance and party. Examples including Ed-DMX's Breakin' records label, µ-ziq's Planet-mu label, the Aphex Twin EP "Come to Daddy" and "Astrobotnia Parts 1, 2 & 3".
Influences.
At age 17, Richard D. James mentioned these influences: "Phonic Boy, "Computer World", Mental Telepathy, Industrial Inc., Tomita, Tangerine Dream". Mixmaster Morris mentions on the "I Luv AFX" BBC Radio 1 "Breezeblock" session that James' preferred moniker while working as a DJ in Cornwall was Phonic Boy on Dope. More recently, he has said that he gets inspiration from "everyday sounds that can be emulated/reconstructed electronically, quality techno, especially from Europe, which overshadows the current hardcore pop crap". When asked about what is next for electronic music, he said "acid-techno, ambient-techno". Avant-garde music has been an influence on James, including artists such as Kraftwerk, Throbbing Gristle, Suicide, Can, Tangerine Dream, 808 State, Tod Dockstader, Xenakis, Piero Umiliani, Bernard Parmegiani, Karlheinz Stockhausen, John Cage, and the French composer Erik Satie for his piano works and his ideas for furniture music.
In acknowledgment of another influence, James released "Music from the BBC Radiophonic Workshop", a compilation of music recorded by the pioneers of BBC Radiophonic Workshop, which included artists such as Delia Derbyshire, on his own label, Rephlex Records.
Aphex Twin has said, "I don't really like rock & roll." Despite this, he has mentioned being a fan of Led Zeppelin, citing them as a source of "great breakbeats", as well as Pink Floyd for their psychedelic music.
Many songs include sounds from and references to the ZX Spectrum. For instance, "Carn Marth" from "Richard D. James Album" includes the tape-loading noise of the game "Sabre Wulf".
Influence on others.
The London Sinfonietta has performed arrangements of Aphex Twin tracks. In 2005, the orchestra Alarm Will Sound released "Acoustica: Alarm Will Sound Performs Aphex Twin". The album consists of acoustic arrangements of some of James' electronic tracks. He has also had an influence on rock bands like Radiohead. However, he has dismissed the notion of going on tour with them: "I wouldn't play with them since I don't like them."
Despite his previous comments, he premièred new music alongside Radiohead guitarist/composer Jonny Greenwood in a 2011 collaboration with Polish composer Krzysztof Penderecki. The animator David Firth has much of his work influenced and soundtracked by Aphex Twin.
In recent interviews, former Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist and solo artist John Frusciante has stated that he thinks Aphex Twin is 'the best thing since sliced bread' and his recent albums and EPs, "Outsides" and "PBX Funicular Intaglio Zone" for example, have been heavily influenced by him.
Intelligent dance music.
The term 'intelligent dance music', or IDM, was coined in August 1993 by the IDM mailing list based at hyperreal.org, as a term to describe the sound pioneered by the Warp Records Artificial Intelligence Series. The series featured Aphex Twin tracks (under a different pseudonym), as well as early productions from labelmates such as Autechre and LFO. The usage of this term spread in the USA and on internet messageboards, but the term is still a source of controversy and derision amongst the artists and fans, including Aphex Twin. As of October 2011 the list is still active.
Grant Wilson Claridge has stated about the IDM name:
"IDM was invented by a journalist who used to work for… What’s that magazine? iD, do you remember iD magazine? I hyphen (-) D, big in the 90’s and they did an article, we did the CD with A.R.T records’ Kirk Degiorgio and they did a big feature and called it IDM and as soon as we saw it we were like “Oh no”, cos they already had intelligent drum’n’bass and it was just like “Oh God”. Which is why we made up braindance cos it’s like a bit of a piss take of like you know, it’s just silly. Just anything, but intelligent dance music."
Aphex Twin's press.
Describing himself in an interview in "The Guardian", James has said: "I'm just some irritating, lying, ginger kid from Cornwall who should have been locked up in some youth detention centre. I just managed to escape and blag it into music."
James said he composed ambient techno music at the age of 13; he claims to have "over 100 hours" of unreleased music, and to have made his own software to compose with, including algorithmic processes that automatically generate beats and melodies; in addition he claims to experience synaesthesia, and that he is able to incorporate lucid dreaming into the process of making music.
He lives in southeast London in a converted bank, which was formerly the Bank of Cyprus and then HSBC. Contrary to popular opinion, however, he does not own the silver structure in the centre of the roundabout at Elephant and Castle. This is, in fact, the Michael Faraday Memorial, containing a power transformer for the Northern Line, which James jokingly claimed to be buying in an interview with "The Face" magazine in 2001. Some of these rumours are hard to confirm as he has been known to spread mistruths in the prankster tradition, making such claims as only sleeping two to three hours a night.
Stockhausen vs. The Technocrats.
In November 1995, "The Wire" published an article titled "Advice to Clever Children". In the process of producing the interview, a package of tapes containing music from several artists, including Aphex Twin, was sent to Karlheinz Stockhausen.
Stockhausen commented:
Aphex Twin, a fan of Stockhausen, responded:
ZX81 competition.
Richard claims to have produced sound on a Sinclair ZX81 (a machine with no sound hardware) at the age of 11:
When I was 11, I won 50 pounds in a competition for writing this program that made sound on a ZX81. You couldn't make sound on a ZX81, but I played around with machine code and found some codes that retuned the TV signal so that it made this really weird noise when you turned the volume up.

</doc>
<doc id="18949220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949220" title="Theobald II, Count of Bar">
Theobald II, Count of Bar

Theobald II, Count of Bar (1221–1291) was a count of Bar. He was the son of Henry II of Bar and Philippa of Dreux. He became count of Bar when his father was killed in the Holy Land on 13 November 1239, but news of Henry's death only reached him at the start of 1240. As Theobald was still a minor, his mother ruled as regent until 17 March 1242. Theobald's own children included his successor Henry III and the bishop Reginald of Bar.
Theobald II married twice, first in 1245 to Jeanne of Dampierre, daughter of William II of Dampierre and Margaret II, Countess of Flanders. They were betrothed on 3 May 1243 and married two years later, in March 1245 or on 31 August 1245. The marriage was brief and childless. The next year, in 1246, Theobald married Jeanne de Toucy, daughter of John, Sire de Toucy, de Saint-Fargeau et de Puisaye and his wife Emma de Laval. He had about fifteen children with his second wife.
His children with Jeanne de Toucy were:

</doc>
<doc id="18949232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949232" title="1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Women's 100 metre freestyle">
1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Women's 100 metre freestyle

These are the official results of the Women's 100 metres Freestyle event at the 1993 FINA Short Course World Championships held on the first day of the competition, on 2 December 1993 in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18949237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949237" title="Saul B. Newton">
Saul B. Newton

Saul B. Newton (June 25, 1906 – December 21, 1991) was a controversial psychotherapist who led an unorthodox commune in New York City. It had no formal name, but outsiders referred to them as "Sullivanians".
Life.
Newton's original family name was Cohen. He grew up in Saint John, New Brunswick, and attended the University of Wisconsin. He later went on to Chicago where he associated with radical circles at the University of Chicago, becoming a unionist, communist and anti-fascist. He served with the Abraham Lincoln Brigade in the Spanish Civil War and with the U.S. Army in World War II, going on to study psychotherapy after the war. Newton retained a dual focus on politics and psychology throughout his life, apparently seeing himself as a visionary unifying these two disciplines.
In 1957 Newton and his wife, Dr. Jane Pearce, founded the Sullivan Institute for Research in Psychoanalysis in 1957 in New York. They had previously worked at the William Alanson White Institute, but had left several years after the death of Harry Stack Sullivan, one of the Institute's founders. Although Newton and Pearce's institute was named after Sullivan, it was widely seen as offering a distorted version of Sullivan's teaching.
At its peak in the 1970s, the therapeutic community founded by Newton and Pearce had several hundred members living on the Upper West Side. The group's teachings held that traditional family ties were the root cause of mental illness, and espoused a communal, non-monogamous lifestyle. A major group project (1976–1991) was the Fourth Wall Repertory Company (aka 'Fourth Wall Political Theater'), based in New York's East Village; Newton was a board member, and performed in several productions.
Membership declined in the late 1980s when the group was subject to unfavorable publicity, investigations into alleged professional misconduct by its therapists, high-profile child custody cases and organized opposition by disaffected former members who described the group as a manipulative "psychotherapy cult".
Newton was married and divorced six times and had ten children, among them cultural anthropologist Esther Newton. He died in 1991 from septicemia, following the onset of Alzheimer's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="18949238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949238" title="Kingman's formula">
Kingman's formula

In queueing theory, a discipline within the mathematical theory of probability, Kingman's formula is an approximation for the mean waiting time in a G/G/1 queue. The formula is the product of three terms which depend on utilization, variability and service time. It was first published by John Kingman in his 1961 paper "The single server queue in heavy traffic". It is known to be generally very accurate, especially for a system operating close to saturation.
Statement of formula.
Kingman's approximation states
where "τ" is the mean service time (i.e. "μ" = 1/"τ" is the service rate), "λ" is the mean arrival rate, "ρ" = "λ"/"μ" is the utilization, "ca" is the coefficient of variation for arrivals (that is the standard deviation of arrival times divided by the mean arrival time) and "cs" is the coefficient of variation for service times.

</doc>
<doc id="18949250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949250" title="Ephippus of Athens">
Ephippus of Athens

Ephippus ("Ephippos") of Athens was an Ancient Greek comic poet of the middle comedy.
We learn this from the testimonies of Suidas and Antiochus of Alexandria, and from the allusions in his fragments to Plato, and the Academic philosophers, and to Alexander of Pherae and his contemporaries, Dionysius the Elder, Cotys, Theodorus, and others.
The following are the known titles of his plays: "Artemis", "Bousiris", "Gêruonês" ("The Geryons"), "Empolê" ("Merchandise"), "Ephêboi" ("Adolescents"), "Kirkê" ("Circe"), "Kudôn", "Nauagos" ("Shipwrecked"), "Obeliaphoroi ê Homoioi", "Peltastês", "Sapphô", "Philura." An epigram which Eustathius ascribes to Ephippus is not his, but the production of some unknown author. There are some fragments also extant from the unknown plays of Ephippus.

</doc>
<doc id="18949253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949253" title="Ang Lee">
Ang Lee

Ang Lee OBS(; born October 23, 1954) is a Taiwanese-born American film director, screenwriter and producer.
Lee's earlier films, such as "The Wedding Banquet", "Pushing Hands", and "Eat Drink Man Woman" explored the relationships and conflicts between tradition and modernity, Eastern and Western. Lee also deals with the repressed, hidden emotions in many of his films, including "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon", "Hulk", and "Brokeback Mountain". Lee's insight into the human heart has allowed his films to transcend cultural and linguistic barriers to speak to audiences all over the world.
Lee has won the Academy Award for Best Director twice, first for "Brokeback Mountain" (2005) and most recently for "Life of Pi" (2012). He also won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film for "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" (2000). He is the first person of Asian descent to win an Oscar, Golden Globe and BAFTA for Best Director, and the only director to win two Best Film Awards (Golden Bear) at the Berlin International Film Festival.
Early life.
Childhood and education.
Ang Lee was born in the town of Chaochou in Pingtung, a southern agricultural county in Taiwan. He grew up in a household that put heavy emphasis on education and the Chinese classics. Both of Lee's parents moved to Taiwan from Mainland China following the Chinese Nationalists' defeat in the Chinese Civil War in 1949. Lee's father imbued his children with studying Chinese culture and art, especially calligraphy.
Lee studied in the Provincial Tainan First Senior High School (now National Tainan First Senior High School) where his father was the principal. He was expected to pass the annual Joint College/University Entrance Examination, the only route to a university education in Taiwan. But after failing the exam twice, to the disappointment of his father, he entered a three-year college, the National Arts School (now reorganized and expanded as National Taiwan University of Arts), and graduated in 1975. His father had wanted him to become a professor, but he had become interested in drama and the arts at college. This early frustration set his career on the path of performance art. Seeing Ingmar Bergman's film "The Virgin Spring" (1960) was a formative experience for him.
After finishing Taiwan's mandatory military service, Lee went to the US in 1979 to study at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where he completed his bachelor's degree in theater in 1980. There, Lee met his future wife Jane Lin (), also a Taiwanese student, who pursued her Ph.D. degree at UIUC. Thereupon, he enrolled at the Tisch School of the Arts of New York University, where he received his MFA in film production. He was a classmate of Spike Lee and worked on the crew of his thesis film, "."
During graduate school, Lee finished a 16mm short film, "Shades of the Lake" (1982), which won the Best Drama Award in Short Film in Taiwan. His own thesis work, a 43-minute drama, "Fine Line" (1984), won NYU's Wasserman Award for Outstanding Direction and was later selected for the Public Broadcasting Service.
Life after graduation.
Lee's NYU thesis drew attention from the William Morris Agency, the famous talent and literary agency that later represented Lee. At first, though, WMA found Lee few opportunities, and Lee remained unemployed for six years. During this time, he was a full-time house-husband, while his wife Jane Lin, a molecular biologist, was the sole breadwinner for the family of four. This arrangement put enormous pressure on the couple, but with Lin's support and understanding, Lee did not abandon his career in film but continued to generate new ideas from movies and performances. He also wrote several screenplays during this time.
In 1990, Lee submitted two screenplays, "Pushing Hands" and "The Wedding Banquet", to a competition sponsored by Taiwan's Government Information Office, and they came in first and second, respectively. The winning screenplays brought Lee to the attention of Li-Kong Hsu (), a recently promoted senior manager in a major studio who had a strong interest in Lee's unique style and freshness. Hsu, a first-time producer, invited Lee to direct "Pushing Hands", a full-length feature that debuted in 1991.
Career.
Debut from Taiwan.
"The 'Father Knows Best' trilogy"
"Pushing Hands" (1992) was a success in Taiwan both among critics and at the box office. It received eight nominations in the Golden Horse Film Festival, Taiwan's premier film festival. Inspired by the success, Li-Kong Hsu collaborated with Lee in their second film, "The Wedding Banquet" (1993), which won the Golden Bear at the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival and was nominated as the Best Foreign Language Film in both the Golden Globe and the Academy Awards. In all, this film collected eleven Taiwanese and international awards and made Lee a rising star. These first two movies were based on stories of Chinese Americans, and both were filmed in the US.
In 1995, Hsu invited Lee to return to Taiwan to make "Eat Drink Man Woman", a film that depicts traditional values, modern relationships, and family conflicts in Taipei. The film was a box office hit and was critically acclaimed. For a second consecutive year, Lee's film received the Best Foreign Language Film nomination in both the Golden Globe and Academy Awards, as well as in the British Academy Award. "Eat Drink Man Woman" won five awards in Taiwan and internationally, including the Best Director from Independent Spirit.
The three films show the Confucian family at risk and star the Taiwanese actor Sihung Lung to form what has been called Lee's "Father Knows Best" trilogy.
Arrival in Hollywood.
"Sense and Sensibility".
Lee's three acclaimed first dramas opened the door to Hollywood for him. In 1995, Lee directed Columbia TriStar's British classic "Sense and Sensibility". The switch from Taiwanese to British films did not prevent Lee's work from garnering awards: "Sense and Sensibility" made Lee a second-time winner of the Golden Bear at the Berlin Film Festival. It was nominated for 7 Academy Awards, and won Best Adapted Screenplay for screenwriter Emma Thompson, who also starred in the movie alongside Hugh Grant and Kate Winslet. "Sense and Sensibility" also won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture - Drama.
After this, Lee directed two more Hollywood movies: "The Ice Storm" (1997), a drama set in 1970s suburban America, and "Ride with the Devil", an American Civil War drama (1999). Although the critics still highly praised these latter two films, their box office was not impressive, and for a time this interrupted Lee's unbroken popularity – from both general audiences and arthouse aficionados – since his first full-length movie. However, in the late 1990s and 2000s, "The Ice Storm" has had high VHS and DVD sales and rentals and repeated screenings on cable television, which has increased the film's popularity among audiences.
1999 onward.
"Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon".
In 1999, Li-Kong Hsu, Lee's old partner and supporter, invited him to make a movie based on the traditional Chinese “wuxia” (martial arts and chivalry) genre. Excited about the opportunity to fulfill his childhood dream, Lee assembled a team from Taiwan, Hong Kong, Malaysia and Mainland China for "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" (2000). The film was a surprising success worldwide. With Chinese dialogue and English subtitles, the film became the highest grossing foreign film in many countries, including the United States and the United Kingdom, and was nominated in 10 categories at the Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Foreign Language Film, and Best Director. It ended up winning Best Foreign Language Film and three technical awards. The success of "Crouching Tiger" demonstrated that Lee's artistry had a general appeal; it also inspired such established directors as Zhang Yimou and Chen Kaige to explore wuxia films for Western audiences.
"Hulk".
In 2003, Lee returned to Hollywood to direct "Hulk", his second big-budget movie after the disappointment of "Ride with the Devil"'s restricted release. The film received mixed reviews and became a moderate success, grossing over $245 million at the box office. After the setback, Lee considered retiring early, but his father encouraged him to continue making movies.
"Brokeback Mountain".
Lee decided to take on a small-budget, low-profile independent film based on Annie Proulx's Pulitzer Prize-finalist short story, "Brokeback Mountain". In a 2005 article by Robert K. Elder, Lee was quoted as saying, "What do I know about gay ranch hands in Wyoming?" In spite of the director's removal from the subject at hand, "Brokeback Mountain" showcased Lee's skills in probing the depths of the human heart. The 2005 movie about the forbidden love between two Wyoming sheepherders immediately caught public attention and became a cultural phenomenon, initiating intense debates and becoming a box office hit.
The film was critically acclaimed at major international film festivals and won Lee numerous Best Director and Best Picture awards worldwide. "Brokeback Mountain" was the most acclaimed film of 2005, winning 71 awards and an additional 52 nominations. It won the Golden Lion (best film) award at the Venice International Film Festival and was named 2005's best film by the Los Angeles, New York, Boston, and London film critics. It also won best picture at the 2005 Broadcast Film Critics Association, Directors Guild of America, Writers Guild of America (Adapted Screenplay), Producers Guild of America and the Independent Spirit Awards as well as the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama, with Lee winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Director. "Brokeback" also won Best Film and Best Director at the 2006 British Academy Awards (BAFTA). "Brokeback Mountain" was nominated for a leading eight Oscars and was the front runner for Best Picture heading into the March 5 ceremony, but lost out to "Crash", a story about race relations in Los Angeles, in a controversial upset. He became the first person of Asian heritage and the first non-white person to ever win the Best Director at the Academy Awards. In 2006, following his Best Director Oscar, Ang Lee was bestowed the Order of Brilliant Star with Grand Cordon, the second highest civilian honour, by the Taiwanese government.
"Lust, Caution".
After "Brokeback Mountain", Lee returned to a Chinese topic. His next film was "Lust, Caution", which was adapted from a short novel by the Chinese author Eileen Chang. The story was written in 1950, and was loosely based on an actual event that took place in 1939–1940 in Japanese-occupied Shanghai, China, during World War II. Similar to "Brokeback Mountain", Ang Lee adapted and expanded a short, simple story into a feature film in a way that allows individual figures to develop sophisticated layers of reserved emotions, without being sidetracked by complicated plots or overstuffed material.
"Lust, Caution" was distributed by Focus Features and premiered at international film festivals in the summer and early fall of 2007. In the US, the movie received a NC-17 rating (no one 17 and under admitted) from the MPAA mainly due to several strongly explicit sex scenes. This was a challenge to the film's distribution because many theater chains in the United States refuse to show NC-17 films. The director and film studio have decided not to appeal the decision. Lee removed 9 minutes from the film to make the content suitable for minor audiences in order to be permitted to show "Lust, Caution" in mainland China.
"Lust, Caution" captured the Golden Lion from the 2007 Biennale Venice Film Festival, making Lee the winner of the highest prize for the second time in three years (Lee is one of only four filmmakers to have ever won the Golden Lion twice). When "Lust, Caution" was played in Lee's native Taiwan in its original full-length edition, it was very well received. Staying in Taiwan to promote the film and to participate in a traditional Chinese holiday, Lee got emotional when he found that his work was widely applauded by fellow Taiwanese. Lee admitted that he had low expectations for this film from the US audience since "its pace, its film language – it's all very Chinese." Indeed, the film was ignored by the Oscars, receiving zero nominations, despite the generally positive critical reception and the fact most of Ang Lee's past films had received multiple Academy Award nominations. It was snubbed even from consideration in the Best Foreign Language Film category; after being officially submitted by Taiwan, the Academy ruled that an insufficient number of Taiwanese nationals had participated in the production, thus disqualifying it from further consideration.
Lee was chosen as president of the jury for the 2009 edition of the Venice Film Festival that took place from September 2 to 12, 2009.
"Life of Pi".
Lee's next film after 2009's "Taking Woodstock" was "Life of Pi", which was adapted from the novel of the same name written by Yann Martel.
The story was a retrospective first-person narrative from Pi, a then 16-year-old boy from India, who is the only human to survive the sinking of a freighter on the way from India to Canada. He finds himself on a lifeboat with an orangutan, a hyena, a wounded zebra and a Bengal tiger. During this unlikely journey, young Pi questions and reassures his belief in God and the meaning of life. The novel was once considered impossible to make into a movie, but Lee persuaded 20th Century Fox to invest $120 million and heavily relied on 3D special effects in post-production. Unlike most other sci-fi precedents, Lee explores the artistic horizon of applying 3D effects and pushes the boundary of how this technology can serve the movie's artistic vision. The movie made its commercial premiere during the Thanksgiving weekend of 2012 in the US and worldwide and became a highly critical and box office success. In January 2013, "Life of Pi" earned 11 Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Visual Effects; only one fewer than Steven Spielberg's "Lincoln". He went on to win the Academy Award for Best Director.
In 2013 he was selected as a member of the main competition jury at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival.
Directing for television.
In March 2013, it was announced that Lee will direct a television pilot for the drama series "Tyrant", created by Gideon Raff and developed by Howard Gordon and Craig Wright. Production was scheduled for the summer of 2013 for the FX series. However, Lee decided to quit the project to take a break from his hectic schedule.
Recurring collaborators.
Ang Lee has had a career-long collaboration with producer and screenwriter James Schamus and editor Tim Squyres. He has also worked several times with music composer Mychael Danna and a few times with Danny Elfman.
Personal life.
Lee lives in Larchmont, in Westchester County, New York, with his wife Jane Lin, a microbiologist, whom he married in 1983. They have two sons, Haan (born 1984), and Mason (born 1990). Lee is a naturalized US citizen and a Buddhist. His younger son Mason Lee starred in the Hollywood blockbuster movie "The Hangover Part II" as Teddy.
Filmography.
Lee has been involved in the process of filmmaking in various capacities, though the highlight of his career and legacy is his directorial work. The following are Lee's various credits.
Accolades.
Below are Ang Lee's films' major nominations and awards.
Lee has won a myriad of major international awards, including 3 Academy Awards, 3 BAFTA Awards, 3 Golden Globe Awards; 3 Independent Spirit Awards ; 2 Golden Lion awards and 2 Golden Bear awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18949256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949256" title="Preoperative fasting">
Preoperative fasting

Preoperative fasting is the practice of a patient abstaining from oral food and fluid intake for a time before an operation is performed. This is intended to prevent pulmonary aspiration of stomach contents during general anesthesia.
Pulmonary aspiration.
The main reason for preoperative fasting is to prevent pulmonary aspiration of stomach contents while under the effects of general anesthesia. Aspiration of as little as 30-40ml can be a significant cause of suffering and death during an operation and therefore fasting is performed to reduce the volume of stomach contents as much as possible. Several factors can predispose to aspiration of stomach contents including inadequate anesthesia, pregnancy, obesity, difficult airways, emergency surgery (since fasting time is reduced), full stomach and altered gastrointestinal mobility. Increased fasting times leads to decreased injury if aspiration occurs.
Gastric conditions.
In addition to fasting, antacids are administered the night before (or in the morning of an afternoon operation) and then once again two hours prior to surgery. This is to increase the pH (make more neutral) of the acid present in the stomach, helping to reduce the damage caused by pulmonary aspiration, should it occur. H2 receptor blockers should be used in high-risk situations and should be administered in the same timing intervals as antacids.
Gastroparesis (delayed gastric emptying) may occur and is due to metabolic causes (e.g. poorly controlled diabetes mellitus), decreased gastric motility (e.g. due to head injury) or pyloric obstruction (e.g. pyloric stenosis). Delayed gastric emptying usually only affects the emptying of the stomach of high-cellulose foods such as vegetables. Gastric emptying of clear fluids such as water or black coffee is only affected in highly progressed delayed gastric emptying.
Occasionally, gastroesophageal reflux may be associated with delayed gastric emptying of solids, but clear liquids are not affected. Raised intra-abdominal pressure (e.g. in pregnancy or obesity) predisposes to regurgitation. Certain drugs such as opiates can cause marked delays in gastric emptying, as can trauma which can be determined by certain indicators such as normal bowel sounds and patient hunger.
Minimum fasting times.
The minimum fasting times prior to surgery have long been debated. The first proposition came from British anesthetists stating that patients should be nil by mouth from midnight. However, since then, the American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA), followed by the Association of Anaesthestists of Great Britain and Ireland (AAGBI), recommended new fasting guidelines for the minimum fast prior to surgery. This was based upon evidence by Canadian anesthesiologists who found that drinking clear fluids two hours prior to surgery decreased pulmonary aspiration compared to those nil by mouth since midnight. The following are the recommended guidelines for nil by mouth prior to surgery:
When anaesthesia is required in an emergency situation, nasogastric aspiration is usually performed to reduce gastric contents and the risk of its pulmonary aspiration.

</doc>
<doc id="18949274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949274" title="Freshly Squeezed... the Early Years">
Freshly Squeezed... the Early Years

Freshly Squeezed... the Early Years is a semi-official compilation of British band Pulp's early material recorded from 1983 to 1992 and originally released on the London independent label Fire. It was released in North America only.
Track listing.
All songs written by Pulp, except My Lighthouse written by Jarvis Cocker and Simon Hinkler.

</doc>
<doc id="18949275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949275" title="Anthony Eden">
Anthony Eden

Robert Anthony Eden, 1st Earl of Avon, KG, MC, PC (12 June 1897 – 14 January 1977) was an English Conservative politician who was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1955 to 1957. He was also Foreign Secretary for three periods between 1935 and 1955, including during World War II. He is best known for his outspoken opposition to appeasement in the 1930s; his diplomatic leadership in the 1940s and 1950s; and the failure of his Middle East policy in 1956 that ended his premiership.
Eden's worldwide reputation as an opponent of appeasement, a "Man of Peace", and a skilled diplomat was overshadowed in the second year of his premiership when the United States refused to support the Anglo-French military response to the Suez Crisis, which critics across party lines regarded as an historic setback for British foreign policy, signalling the end of British predominance in the Middle East. Most historians argue that he made a series of blunders, especially not realising the depth of opposition to military action by the United States. Most historians say that Eden completely dominated the British decision-making process in the Suez crisis. However, Jonathan Pearson argues in "Sir Anthony Eden and the Suez Crisis: Reluctant Gamble" (2002) that Eden was more reluctant and less bellicose than most historians have judged.
He is generally ranked among the least successful British Prime Ministers of the 20th century, although two broadly sympathetic biographies (in 1986 and 2003) have gone some way to redressing the balance of opinion. D.R. Thorpe says the Suez Crisis "was a truly tragic end to his premiership, and one that came to assume a disproportionate importance in any assessment of his career."
Early life.
Eden was born at Windlestone Hall, County Durham, England, into a very conservative landed gentry family. He was a younger son of Sir William Eden, baronet, from an old titled family. His mother, Sybil Frances Grey, was a member of the famous Grey family of Northumberland (see below). This was perhaps the meaning of Rab Butler's later gibe that Eden—in later life a handsome but ill-tempered man—was "half mad baronet, half beautiful woman". Eden's great-grandfather was William Iremonger who commanded the 2nd Regiment of Foot during the Peninsular War, fighting under Wellington (as he became) at Vimiero. He was also descended from Governor Sir Robert Eden, 1st Baronet, of Maryland and the Calvert Family of Maryland.
There was speculation for many years that Eden's father was the politician and man of letters George Wyndham, but this is considered impossible as Wyndham was in South Africa at the time of Eden's conception. His mother was rumoured to have had an affair with Wyndham. Eden had an elder brother called John, who was killed in action in 1914 and a younger brother, Nicholas, who was killed when the battlecruiser HMS "Indefatigable" blew up and sank at the Battle of Jutland in 1916.
Education and war service.
Eden was educated at two independent schools: at Sandroyd School from 1907–1910, at the time based in Cobham in Surrey (and now the home of Reed's School), followed by Eton College, in Eton in Berkshire, where he won a Divinity prize and excelled at cricket, rugby and rowing, winning House colours in the latter.
During World War I, Eden served with the 21st (Yeoman Rifles) Battalion of the King's Royal Rifle Corps, and reached the rank of captain. He received a Military Cross, and at the age of twenty-one became the youngest brigade-major in the British Army. At a conference in the early 1930s, he and Adolf Hitler observed that they had probably fought on opposite sides of the trenches in the Ypres sector.
After the war, he studied at Christ Church at the University of Oxford, where he graduated in Oriental Languages. He was fluent in French, German and Persian, and also spoke Russian and Arabic. His main leisure interest at the time was art, and he took no part in student politics.
Life and career.
Like many aspirant politicians Captain Eden, as he was still known, first contested a seat where he had little chance of winning in the November 1922 general election, and was then elected Member of Parliament for Warwick and Leamington in the December 1923 general election, as a Conservative, at the age of twenty-six. Also in that year he married Beatrice Beckett. They had three sons, one of whom died in infancy, but the marriage was not a success and later broke up under the strain of a son missing in action during the latter half of World War II.
In the 1924–1929 Conservative Government, Eden was first Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Home Secretary, Sir William Joynson Hicks, and then in 1926 to the Foreign Secretary Sir Austen Chamberlain. In 1931 he held his first ministerial office as Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs. In 1934 he was appointed Lord Privy Seal and Minister for the League of Nations in Stanley Baldwin's Government.
Like many of his generation who had served in World War I, Eden was strongly anti-war, and strove to work through the League of Nations to preserve European peace. His ruling National Government, led by Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald, failed to recognise the threat that an ascendant Nazi Party and Adolf Hitler posed, and proposed measures, in contravention of existing international agreements, that would allow Germany to rearm. In response to sharp criticism of this policy by Winston Churchill in the House of Commons on 23 March 1933, he defended this appeasement policy toward Adolf Hitler's Germany by arguing that Britain needed to "secure for Europe that period of appeasement which is needed", a speech that brought him a standing ovation in the House. He later to came to recognise that peace could not be maintained by appeasement of Nazi Germany and fascist Italy. He privately opposed the policy of the Foreign Secretary, Sir Samuel Hoare, of trying to appease Italy during its invasion of Abyssinia (Ethiopia) in 1935. When Hoare resigned after the failure of the Hoare-Laval Pact, Eden succeeded him as Foreign Secretary. When Eden had his first audience with King George V, the King is said to have remarked, "No more coals to Newcastle, no more Hoares to Paris."
At this stage in his career Eden was considered as something of a leader of fashion. He regularly wore a Homburg hat (similar to a trilby but more rigid), which became known in Britain as an "Anthony Eden".
Foreign secretary and resignation (1935–38).
Eden became Foreign Secretary at a time when Britain was having to adjust its foreign policy to face the rise of the fascist powers. He supported the policy of non-interference in the Spanish Civil War through conferences like the Nyon Conference, and supported prime minister Neville Chamberlain in his efforts to preserve peace through reasonable concessions to Germany. The Italian-Ethiopian War was brewing, and Eden tried in vain to persuade Mussolini to submit the dispute to the League of Nations. The Italian dictator scoffed at Eden publicly as "the best dressed fool in Europe." He did not protest when Britain and France failed to oppose Hitler's reoccupation of the Rhineland in 1936. When the French requested a meeting with a view to some kind of military action in response to Hitler's occupation, Eden in a statement firmly ruled out any military assistance to France.
His resignation in February 1938 was largely attributed to growing dissatisfaction with Chamberlain's policy of Appeasement. That is, however, disputed by new research; it was not the question if there should be negotiations with Italy, but only when they should start and how far they should be carried. Similarly, he at no point registered his dissatisfaction with the appeasement policy directed towards Nazi Germany in his period as Foreign Secretary. He became a Conservative dissenter leading a group conservative whip David Margesson called the ""Glamour Boys,"" and a leading anti-appeaser like Winston Churchill, who led a similar group called ""The Old Guard.""
Although Churchill claimed to have lost sleep the night of Eden's resignation (later recounted in his wartime memoirs "The Gathering Storm", 1948), they were not allies and did not see eye to eye until Churchill became Prime Minister. There was much speculation that Eden would become a rallying point for all the disparate opponents of Neville Chamberlain, but his position declined heavily amongst politicians as he maintained a low profile, avoiding confrontation, though he opposed the Munich Agreement and abstained in the vote on it in the House of Commons. However, he remained popular in the country at large, and in later years was often wrongly supposed to have resigned as Foreign Secretary in protest at the Munich Agreement.
In a 1967 interview Eden explained his decision to resign: "It was not over protocol, Chamberlain's communicating with Mussolini without telling me. I never cared a goddamn, a tuppence about protocol. The reason for my resignation was that we had an agreement with Mussolini about the Mediterranean and Spain, which he was violating by sending troops to Spain, and Chamberlain wanted to have another agreement. I thought Mussolini should honour the first one before we negotiated for the second. I was trying to fight a delaying action for Britain, and I could not go along with Chamberlain's policy."
World War II (1939–45).
In September 1939, on the outbreak of war, Eden, who had briefly rejoined the army with the rank of major, returned to Chamberlain's government as Secretary of State for Dominion Affairs, but was not in the War Cabinet. As a result, he was not a candidate for the Premiership when Chamberlain resigned after Germany invaded France in May 1940 and Churchill became Prime Minister. Churchill appointed Eden Secretary of State for War.
At the end of 1940 Eden returned to the Foreign Office, and in this role became a member of the executive committee of the Political Warfare Executive in 1941. Although he was one of Churchill's closest confidants, his role in wartime was restricted because Churchill conducted the most important negotiations, with Franklin D. Roosevelt and Joseph Stalin, himself, but Eden served loyally as Churchill's lieutenant.
Nevertheless he was in charge of handling much of the relations between Britain and de Gaulle during the last years of the war. Eden was often critical of the emphasis Churchill put on the Special Relationship with the United States, and was often disappointed by American treatment of their British allies.
In 1942 Eden was given the additional job of Leader of the House of Commons. He was considered for various other major jobs during and after the war, including Commander-in-Chief Middle East in 1942 (this would have been a very unusual appointment as Eden was a civilian; General Harold Alexander was in fact appointed), Viceroy of India in 1943 (General Archibald Wavell was appointed to this job), or Secretary-General of the newly formed United Nations Organisation in 1945. In 1943 with the revelation of the Katyn Massacre Eden refused to help the Polish Government in Exile.
In early 1943 Eden blocked a request from the Bulgarian authorities to aid with deporting part of the Jewish population from newly acquired Bulgarian territories to British controlled Palestine. After his refusal, those people were transported to Poland.
In 1944 Eden went to Moscow to negotiate with the Soviet Union at the Tolstoy Conference. Eden also opposed the Morgenthau Plan to deindustrialise Germany. After the Stalag Luft III murders he vowed in the House of Commons to bring the perpetrators of the crime to "exemplary justice", leading to a successful manhunt after the war by the Royal Air Force Special Investigation Branch.
Eden's eldest son, Pilot Officer Simon Gascoigne Eden, went missing in action, later declared deceased, while serving as a navigator with the RAF in Burma, in June 1945. There was a close bond between Anthony and Simon, and Simon's death was a great personal shock to his father, who nevertheless accepted it. Lady Eden reportedly reacted differently to her son's loss, and this led to a breakdown in the marriage. De Gaulle wrote him a personal letter of condolence in French.
In 1945, he was mentioned by Halvdan Koht among seven candidates that were qualified for the Nobel Prize in Peace. However, he did not explicitly nominate any of them. The person actually nominated was Cordell Hull.
Post-war.
Opposition (1945–51).
After the Labour Party won the 1945 elections, Eden went into opposition as Deputy Leader of the Conservative Party. Many felt that Churchill should have retired and allowed Eden to become party leader, but Churchill refused to consider this. As early as the spring of 1946 Eden openly asked Churchill to retire in his favour. He was in any case depressed during this period by the break-up of his first marriage and the death of his eldest son. Churchill was in many ways only "part-time Leader of the Opposition", given his many journeys abroad and his literary work, and left the day-to-day-work largely to Eden. Eden was largely regarded as lacking sense of party politics and contact with the common man.
In these opposition years, however, he developed some knowledge about domestic affairs and created the idea of a ""property-owning-democracy"", which Margaret Thatcher's government attempted to achieve decades later. His domestic agenda is overall considered centre-left.
Between 1946 and 1950, whilst separated from his wife, Eden conducted an open affair with Dorothy, Countess Beatty whilst she was married to David, Earl Beatty. 
Anthony Eden is the great-great-grandnephew of author Emily Eden and wrote an introduction to her 1860 novel "The Semi-Attached Couple" in 1947.
Return to government (1951–55).
In 1951, the Conservatives returned to office and Eden became Foreign Secretary for a third time, as well as Deputy Prime Minister. Churchill was largely a figurehead in this government, and Eden had an effective control of British foreign policy for the first time, as the Empire declined and the Cold War grew more intense. He dealt effectively with the various crises of the period, although Britain was no longer the world power it had been before the war. The success of the 1954 Geneva Conference on Indo-China ranks as his outstanding achievement of his third term in the Foreign Office.
Eden had grave misgivings about American foreign policy under Secretary of State John Foster Dulles and President Dwight D. Eisenhower. He was irked by Dulles's policy of "brinkmanship", or display of muscle, in relations with the Communist world. He was also critical of the United States decision not to sign the 1954 Geneva accord on Vietnam, of which he was an architect.
During the summer and fall of 1954, the Anglo-Egyptian agreement to withdraw all British forces from Egypt was also negotiated and ratified. In 1950 he and Beatrice Eden were finally divorced, and in 1952 he married Churchill's niece, Clarissa Spencer-Churchill (b. 1920), a nominal Roman Catholic who was fiercely criticised by Catholic writer Evelyn Waugh for marrying a divorced man. This second marriage was much more successful than his first had been. In 1954 he was made a Knight of the Garter and became "Sir Anthony Eden".
Prime minister (1955–57).
In April 1955 Churchill finally retired, and Eden succeeded him as Prime Minister. He was a very popular figure, as a result of his long wartime service and his famous good looks and charm. His famous words "Peace comes first, always" added to his already substantial popularity.
On taking office he immediately called a general election for 26 May 1955, at which he increased the Conservative majority from seventeen to sixty, a majority which broke a ninety-year record for any UK government. The 1955 general election was the last in which the Conservatives won the majority share of the votes in Scotland. But Eden had never held a domestic portfolio and had little experience in economic matters. He left these areas to his lieutenants such as Rab Butler, and concentrated largely on foreign policy, forming a close relationship with U.S. President Dwight Eisenhower. Eden's attempts to maintain overall control of the Foreign Office drew widespread criticism.
Eden has the distinction of being the British prime minister to oversee the lowest unemployment figures of the post World War II era, with unemployment standing at just over 215,000 in July 1955 - barely 1% of the workforce.
Suez (1956).
The alliance with the US proved not universal, however, when in July 1956 Gamal Abdel Nasser, President of Egypt, unexpectedly nationalised (seized) the Suez Canal, following the withdrawal of Anglo-American funding for the Aswan Dam. Eden believed the nationalisation was in violation of the Anglo-Egyptian Agreement that Nasser had signed with the British and French governments on 19 October 1954. This view was shared by Labour leader Hugh Gaitskell and Liberal leader Jo Grimond. In 1956 the Suez Canal was of vital importance since over two-thirds of the oil supplies of Western Europe (60 million tons) passed through it, as did nearly 15,000 ships a year, one third of them British; three-quarters of all Canal shipping belonged to NATO countries. Britain's total oil reserves at the time of the nationalisation were only six weeks. The Soviet Union was certain to veto any sanctions against Nasser at the United Nations. Britain and a conference of other nations met in London following the nationalisation in an attempt to resolve the crisis through diplomatic means. However, a series of eighteen proposals, including an offer of Egyptian representation on the board of the Suez Canal Company and a share of profits, were rejected by Nasser. Eden feared that Nasser intended to form an Arab Alliance that would threaten to cut off oil supplies to Europe and, in conjunction with France, decided he should be removed from power.
Eden, drawing on his experience in the 1930s, saw Nasser as another Mussolini, considering the two men aggressive nationalist socialists determined to invade other countries. Others believed that Nasser was acting from legitimate patriotic concerns and the nationalisation was determined by the Foreign Office to be deliberately provocative but not illegal. The Attorney General, Sir Reginald Manningham-Buller, was not asked for his opinion officially but made his views known through the Lord Chancellor that the government's contemplated armed strike against Egypt would be unlawful.
Anthony Nutting recalled that Eden told him, "What's all this nonsense about isolating Nasser or 'neutralising' him as you call it? I want him destroyed, can't you understand? I want him murdered, and if you and the Foreign Office don't agree, then you'd better come to the cabinet and explain why." When Nutting pointed out that they had no alternative government to replace Nasser, Eden apparently replied, "I don't give a damn if there's anarchy and chaos in Egypt." At a private meeting at Downing Street on 16 October 1956 Eden showed several ministers a plan, submitted two days earlier by the French. Israel would invade Egypt, Britain and France would give an ultimatum telling both sides to stop and, when one refused, send in forces to enforce the ultimatum, separate the two sides - and occupy the Canal and get rid of Nasser. When Nutting suggested the Americans should be consulted Eden replied, "I will not bring the Americans into this ... Dulles has done enough damage as it is. This has nothing to do with the Americans. We and the French must decide what to do and we alone." Eden openly admitted his view of the crisis was shaped by his experiences in the two world wars, writing, "We are all marked to some extent by the stamp of our generation, mine is that of the assassination in Sarajevo and all that flowed from it. It is impossible to read the record now and not feel that we had a responsibility for always being a lap behind ... Always a lap behind, a fatal lap."
There was no question of an immediate military response to the crisis - Cyprus had no deep-water harbours, which meant that Malta, several days' sailing from Egypt, would have to be the main concentration point for an invasion fleet if the Libyan government would not permit a land invasion from its territory. Eden initially considered using British forces in Libya to regain the Canal, but then decided this risked inflaming Arab opinion. Unlike the French prime minister Guy Mollet, who saw regaining the Canal as the primary objective, Eden believed the real need was to remove Nasser from office. He hoped that if the Egyptian army was swiftly and humiliatingly defeated by the Anglo-French forces then the Egyptian people would rise up against Nasser. Eden told Field Marshal Sir Bernard Montgomery that the overall aim of the mission was simply, "To knock Nasser off his perch." In the absence of a popular uprising Eden and Mollet would say that Egyptian forces were incapable of defending their country and therefore Anglo-French forces would have to return to guard the Suez Canal.
Eden believed that if Nasser were seen to get away with seizing the Canal then Egypt and other Arab countries might move closer to the Soviet Union. At that time, the Middle East accounted for 80-90% of Western Europe's oil supply. If Nasser were seen to get away with it, then other Middle East countries might be encouraged to nationalise their oil. The invasion, he contended at the time, and again in a 1967 interview, was aimed at maintaining the sanctity of international agreements and at preventing future unilateral denunciation of treaties. Eden was energetic during the crisis in using the media, including the BBC, to incite public opinion to support his views of the need to overthrow Nasser. In September 1956 a plan was drawn up to reduce the flow of water in the Nile by using dams in an attempt to damage Nasser's position. However, the plan was abandoned because it would take months to implement, and due to fears that it could affect other countries like Uganda and Kenya.
On 25 September 1956 the Chancellor of the Exchequer Harold Macmillan met informally with President Eisenhower at the White House; he misread Eisenhower's determination to avoid war and told Eden that the Americans would not in any way oppose the attempt to topple Nasser. In any case Eden had known Eisenhower for years and had many direct contacts during the crisis, but Eden also misread the situation. The Americans refused to support any move that could be seen as imperialism or colonialism, seeing the US as the champion of decolonisation. Eisenhower felt the crisis had to be handled peacefully; he told Eden that American public opinion would not support a military solution. Eden and other leading British officials incorrectly believed Nasser's support for Palestinian terrorists against Israel, as well as his attempts to destabilise pro-western regimes in Iraq and other Arab states, would deter the US from intervening with the operation. Eisenhower specifically warned that the Americans, and the world, "would be outraged" unless all peaceful routes had been exhausted, and even then "the eventual price might become far too heavy". At the root of the problem was that Eden felt that Britain was still an independent world power. His lack of sympathy for British integration into Europe, manifested in his scepticism about the fledgling European Economic Community (EEC), was another aspect of his belief in Britain's independent role in world affairs.
Israel invaded at the end of October 1956. Britain and France moved in ostensibly to separate the two sides and bring peace, but in fact to regain control of the canal and overthrow Nasser. The United States immediately and strongly opposed the invasion. The United Nations denounced the invasion; the Soviets were bellicose; only New Zealand, Australia, West Germany and South Africa spoke out for Britain's position.
Eisenhower did not see Nasser as a serious threat to the West, but he was concerned that the Soviets might side with Egypt. The United States acquired relatively little oil through the Suez Canal (about 15% of their national requirement in 1956) and the economic importance to America of the nationalisation of the canal was minimal. Eisenhower wanted to broker peace at an international level in regions that could be described as fragile in terms of peace. Eisenhower feared a huge backlash amongst the Arab nations if Egypt suffered an humiliating defeat at the hands of the British, French and Israelis — as seemed likely. He believed this would push Egypt and other Arab nations closer to the Soviets. It was well known that the USSR wanted a permanent warm water naval base in the Mediterranean Sea, which her Black Sea's fleet could use.
Eden, who faced domestic pressure from his party to take action, as well as stopping the decline of British influence in the Middle East, had ignored Britain's financial dependence on the U.S. in the wake of World War II, and had assumed the US would automatically endorse whatever action taken by its closest ally. At the 'Law not War' rally in Trafalgar Square on 4 November 1956, Eden was ridiculed by Aneurin Bevan: 'Sir Anthony Eden has been pretending that he is now invading Egypt in order to strengthen the United Nations. Every burglar of course could say the same thing, he could argue that he was entering the house in order to train the police. So, if Sir Anthony Eden is sincere in what he is saying, and he may be, then he is too stupid to be a prime minister'. Public opinion was mixed; some historians think that the majority of public opinion in the UK was on Eden's side. Eden was forced to bow to American diplomatic and financial pressure, and protests at home, by calling a ceasefire when Anglo-French forces had captured only 23 miles of the Canal. With the US threatening to devalue sterling, the Cabinet divided, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer Harold Macmillan threatening to resign unless an immediate ceasefire was called, Eden was under immense pressure. He considered defying the calls until the commander on the ground told him it could take up to six days for the Anglo-French troops to secure the entire Canal zone. Therefore a ceasefire was called at quarter past midnight on 7 November. The Suez Crisis is widely taken as marking the end of Britain's status as a superpower, although in reality this had happened by the end of World War II.
Suez damaged, in many eyes, Eden's reputation for statesmanship and led to a breakdown in his health. He went on vacation to Jamaica in November 1956, at a time when he was still determined to soldier on as Prime Minister. His health, however, did not improve and during his absence from London, his Chancellor Harold Macmillan and Rab Butler worked to manoeuvre him out of office. On the morning of the ceasefire Eisenhower agreed to meet with Eden to publicly resolve their differences, but this offer was later withdrawn after Secretary of State Dulles advised that it could inflame the Middle Eastern situation further.
"The Observer" newspaper accused Eden of lying to parliament over the Suez Crisis, while MPs from all parties criticised his calling a ceasefire before the Canal was taken. Churchill, while publicly supportive of Eden's actions, privately criticised his successor for not seeing the military operation through to its conclusion. Eden easily survived a vote of confidence in the House of Commons on 8 November. While Eden was in Jamaica other members of the government discussed on 20 November how to counter charges that the UK and France had worked in collusion with Israel in order to seize the Canal, but they decided there was very little evidence in the public domain. In his final statement to the House of Commons as Prime Minister on 20 December 1956, Eden told MPs "there was not foreknowledge that Israel would attack Egypt"; however, papers released in January 1987 showed the entire Cabinet had been informed of the plan on 23 October 1956.
Thorpe has summarised Eden's central role in the Suez Crisis of 1956:
Eden's policy had four main aims: first, to secure the Suez Canal; second and consequentially, to ensure continuity of oil supplies; third, to remove Nasser; and fourth, to keep the Russians out of the Middle East. The immediate consequence of the crisis was that the Suez Canal was blocked, oil supplies were interrupted, Nasser's position as the leader of Arab nationalism was strengthened, and the way was left open for Russian intrusion into the Middle East. It was a truly tragic end to his premiership, and one that came to assume a disproportionate importance in any assessment of his career.
1957 resignation.
Eden resigned on 9 January 1957, after his doctors warned him his life was at stake if he continued in office. Although the media expected Butler would get the nod, a survey of the Cabinet done for the Queen showed Macmillan was the nearly unanimous choice, and he became Prime Minister on 10 January 1957. Shortly afterwards Eden and his wife left England for a holiday in New Zealand.
Eden retained much of his personal popularity in Britain, was created Earl of Avon in 1961, and entered the House of Lords. In retirement Eden was particularly bitter that Eisenhower had initially indicated British and French troops should be allowed to remain around Port Said, only for the US ambassador Henry Cabot Lodge, Jr. to press for an immediate withdrawal at the UN, thereby rendering the operation a complete failure. Eden felt the Eisenhower administration's unexpected opposition was hypocritical in light of the 1953 Iranian coup d'état and the 1954 Guatemalan coup d'état.
In his controversial 1987 book "Spycatcher" Peter Wright claimed that, following the imposed ending to the military operation, Eden reactivated the assassination option for a second time. By this time virtually all MI6 assets in Egypt had been rounded up by Nasser, and a new operation, using renegade Egyptian officers, was drawn up. It failed principally because the cache of weapons which had been hidden on the outskirts of Cairo was found to be defective.
Suez in retrospect.
Following the defeat of the Arab armies by Israel in the Six Day War of 1967, Eden's own reputation, not least in Israel and the United States, soared, and he was deluged with letters of the "you were right in 1956" variety. In 1986, Eden's official biographer Robert Rhodes James re-evaluated sympathetically Eden's stance over Suez and in 1990, following the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait, James asked: "Who can now claim that Eden was wrong?". Such arguments turn mostly on whether, as a matter of policy, the Suez operation was fundamentally flawed or whether, as such "revisionists" thought, the lack of American support conveyed the impression that the West was divided and weak. Anthony Nutting, who resigned as a Foreign Office Minister over Suez, expressed the former view in 1967, the year of the Arab-Israeli Six-Day War, when he wrote that "we had sown the wind of bitterness and we were to reap the whirlwind of revenge and rebellion". Conversely, D. R. Thorpe, another of Eden's biographers, suggests that had the Suez venture succeeded, "there would almost certainly have been no Middle East war in 1967, and probably no Yom Kippur War in 1973 also".
Guy Millard, one of Eden's Private Secretaries, who thirty years later, in a radio interview, spoke publicly for the first time on the crisis, made an insider's judgement about Eden: "It was his mistake of course and a tragic and disastrous mistake for him. I think he overestimated the importance of Nasser, Egypt, the Canal, even of the Middle East itself." While British actions in 1956 are routinely described as "imperialistic", the motivation was in fact economic. Eden was a liberal supporter of nationalist ambitions, such as over Sudanese independence. His 1954 Suez Canal Base Agreement (withdrawing British troops from Suez in return for certain guarantees) was sold to the Conservative Party against Churchill's wishes.
Health issues.
Eden’s life was changed forever by a medical mishap: during an operation on 12 April 1953 to remove gallstones his bile duct was damaged, leaving him susceptible to recurrent infections, biliary obstruction and liver failure. He suffered from cholangitis, an abdominal infection which became so agonising that he was admitted to hospital in 1956 with a temperature reaching 106°F. He required major surgery on three occasions to alleviate the problem. Eden would almost certainly have become Prime Minister when Churchill suffered a severe stroke on 23 June 1953, had he not been recovering from corrective surgery in the United States on the same day.
He was also prescribed Benzedrine, the wonder drug of the 1950s. Regarded then as a harmless stimulant, it belongs to the family of drugs called amphetamines, and at that time they were prescribed and used in a very casual way. Among the side effects of Benzedrine are insomnia, restlessness and mood swings, all of which Eden suffered during the Suez Crisis. His drug use is now commonly agreed to have been a part of the reason for the Prime Minister's ill judgment. Eden was secretly hospitalised with a high fever, possibly as a result of his heavy medication, on 5–8 October 1956. He underwent further surgery at a New York hospital in April 1957.
In November 2006 private papers uncovered in the Eden family archives disclosed that he had been prescribed a powerful combination of amphetamines and barbiturates called drinamyl. Better known in post-war Britain as "purple hearts", they can impair judgement, cause paranoia and even make the person taking them lose contact with reality. Drinamyl was banned in 1978.
Rejected plan for union between Britain and France.
British Government cabinet papers from September 1956, during Eden's term as Prime Minister, have shown that French Prime Minister Guy Mollet approached the British Government suggesting the idea of an economic and political union between France and Great Britain. This was a similar offer, in reverse, to that made by Churchill (drawing on a plan devised by Leo Amery) in June 1940.
The offer by Guy Mollet was referred to by Sir John Colville, Churchill's former private secretary, in his collected diaries, "The Fringes of Power" (1985), his having gleaned the information in 1957 from Air Chief Marshal Sir William Dickson during an air flight (and, according to Colville, after several whiskies and soda). Mollet's request for Union with Britain was rejected by Eden, but the additional possibility of France joining the Commonwealth of Nations was considered, although similarly rejected. Colville noted, in respect of Suez, that Eden and his Foreign Secretary Selwyn Lloyd "felt still more beholden to the French on account of this offer".
Retirement from politics.
Eden soon retired and lived quietly with his second wife Clarissa, formerly Clarissa Spencer-Churchill, niece of Sir Winston, in 'Rose Bower' by the banks of the River Ebble in Broad Chalke, Wiltshire. He published a highly acclaimed personal memoir, "Another World" (1976), as well as several volumes of political memoirs, in which he, however, denied that there had been any collusion with France and Israel. In his view, American Secretary of State John Foster Dulles, whom he particularly disliked, was responsible for the ill fate of the Suez adventure. In an October press conference, barely three weeks before the fighting began, Dulles had coupled the Suez Canal issue with colonialism, and his statement infuriated Eden and much of the UK as well. "The dispute over Nasser's seizure of the canal," wrote Eden, "had, of course, nothing to do with colonialism, but was concerned with international rights." He added that "if the United States had to defend her treaty rights in the Panama Canal, she would not regard such action as colonialism." This lack of candour further diminished his standing and a principal concern in his later years was trying to rebuild his reputation that was severely damaged by Suez, sometimes taking legal action to protect his viewpoint. It was not until some years after his death that a more balanced view of Suez came to be advanced by some historians and other commentators in the light of subsequent events.
Eden faulted the United States for forcing him to withdraw, but he took credit for United Nations action in patrolling the Israeli-Egyptian borders. Eden said of the invasion, "Peace at any price has never averted war. We must not repeat the mistakes of the prewar years by behaving as though the enemies of peace and order are armed with only good intentions." Recalling the incident in a 1967 interview, he declared, "I am still unrepentant about Suez. People never look at what would have happened if we had done nothing. There is a parallel with the 1930s. If you allow people to break agreements with impunity, the appetite grows to feed on such things. I don't see what other we ought to have done. One cannot dodge. It is hard to act rather than dodge." In his 1967 interview (which he stipulated would not be used until after his death), Eden acknowledged secret dealings with the French and "intimations" of the Israeli attack. He insisted, however, that "the joint enterprise and the preparations for it were justified in the light of the wrongs it Anglo-French invasion was designed to prevent." "I have no apologies to offer," Eden declared.
Eden sat for extensive interviews for the famed multi-part Thames Television production, "The World at War", which was first broadcast in 1973. He also featured frequently in Marcel Ophüls' 1969 documentary "Le chagrin et la pitié", discussing the occupation of France in a wider geopolitical context. He spoke impeccable, if accented, French. From 1945 to 1973, Eden was Chancellor of the University of Birmingham, England. In a television interview in 1966 he called on the United States to halt its bombing of North Vietnam to concentrate on developing a peace plan "that might conceivably be acceptable to Hanoi." The bombing of North Vietnam, he argued, would never settle the conflict in South Vietnam. "On the contrary," he declared, "bombing creates a sort of David and Goliath complex in any country that has to suffer—as we had to, and as I suspect the Germans had to, in the last war."
Illness and death.
On a trip to the United States in 1976–1977 to spend Christmas and New Year with Averell and Pamela Harriman, his health rapidly deteriorated. At his family's request, James Callaghan arranged for an RAF plane that was already in America to divert to Miami to fly him home. Eden died from liver cancer in Salisbury on 14 January 1977, at the age of 79. Born in the year of Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee, he thus died in the year of Queen Elizabeth II's Silver Jubilee. He was survived by Clarissa.
Anthony Eden was buried in St Mary's churchyard at Alvediston, just three miles upstream from 'Rose Bower' at the source of the River Ebble. Eden's papers are housed at the University of Birmingham Special Collections.
Eden's surviving son, Nicholas Eden (1930–1985), known as Viscount Eden until 1977, was also a politician and a minister in the Thatcher government until his premature death from AIDS at the age of 54.
Character and speaking style.
Anthony Eden always made a particularly cultured appearance, well-mannered and good-looking. This gave him huge popular support throughout his political life, but some contemporaries felt that he was merely a superficial person lacking any deeper convictions. That view was enforced by his very pragmatic approach to politics. Sir Oswald Mosley, for example, said that he never understood why Eden was so strongly pushed by the Tory party, while he felt that Eden's abilities were very much inferior to those of Harold Macmillan and Oliver Stanley. Also, US Secretary of State Dean Acheson regarded him as a quite old-fashioned amateur in politics typical of the British Establishment. However, recent biographies put more emphasis on Eden's achievements in foreign policy, and perceive him to have held deep convictions regarding world peace and security as well as a strong social conscience.
Eden was for all his abilities not a very effective public speaker. Too often in his career, for instance in the late 1930s, following his resignation from Chamberlain's government, his parliamentary performances disappointed many of his followers. Churchill once even commented on an Eden speech that the latter had used every cliché except "God is love". His inability to express himself clearly is often attributed to shyness and lack of self-confidence. Eden is known to have been much more direct in meeting with his secretaries and advisors than in Cabinet meetings and public speeches, sometimes tending to become enraged and behaving "like a child", only to regain his temper within a few minutes.
Eden in popular culture.
As Secretary of State for War in 1940, Eden authorised the setting-up of the Local Defence Volunteers (soon renamed the Home Guard). In the film of the TV sitcom "Dad's Army", the (fictional) Walmington-on-Sea platoon is formed in response to Eden's radio broadcast. The debonair Sergeant Wilson takes enormous pride in being often said to resemble Eden.
Eden is also mentioned in a song by The Kinks, "She's Bought a Hat Like Princess Marina" from the 1969 album "Arthur (Or the Decline and Fall of the British Empire)".
Eden appears as a character in the 2008 play "Never So Good"—portrayed as a hysterical, pill-addicted wreck, spying on members of his own Cabinet by ordering government chauffeurs to report on their comings and goings. He is shown being overwhelmed by the chaos of the Suez Crisis and eventually forced out of office by his Conservative Party colleagues, at the urging of the American government. He also appeared in the 2013 stage play "The Audience" by Peter Morgan (in the premiere of which he was played by Michael Elwyn). 
Eden appears as a character in James P. Hogan's science-fiction novel "The Proteus Operation".
The first season of the UK TV series The Hour revolves around the Suez Crisis and the effect of journalism and censorship on public perception of Eden and his government as a metaphor for modern Western military involvement in the Middle East.
In one episode of "The Honeymooners" Ed Norton mentions that Anthony Eden would not have been able to join the Raccoon Lodge due to the Lodge's membership requirements.
The Eden Government.
Changes
Eden's initial cabinet is remarkable for the fact that 10 out of the original 18 members were Old Etonians: Eden, Salisbury, Crookshank, Macmillan, Home, Stuart, Thorneycroft, Heathcoat Amory, Sandys and Peake were all educated at Eton.

</doc>
<doc id="18949278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949278" title="Sean Ryan (swimmer)">
Sean Ryan (swimmer)

Sean Ryan (born August 13, 1992) is an American distance swimmer.
Personal.
Ryan is a 2010 graduate of The McCallie School in Chattanooga, Tennessee. He swam with the Scenic City Aquatic Club, a USA Swimming program, and The McCallie School, under coach Stan Corcoran. He was a member of the National Junior Team and qualified for the National Open Water Team in 2008. He is now a member of the US National Team for his success in the 1500 m freestyle and open water events in 2011. Ryan currently is swimming for coach Mike Bottom at The University of Michigan and is majoring in mechanical engineering.
Career.
At the 2009 Open Water Nationals, Ryan placed 4th overall and qualified for the 2009 World Aquatics Championships in Rome, Italy. At the 2009 FINA World Championships, Ryan swam the 25 kilometer open water race and placed 11th with a time of 5:36:22.2. 
In 2010, Ryan barely missed a spot on the Open Water National Team placing 7th in the Open Water Nationals in May 2010. After a somewhat disappointing swim in the open water, Ryan decided to focus on pool swimming for the summer. After a month of training with Jon Urbanchek out in Fullerton, CA and a few weeks taper with coach Stan Corcoran, Ryan's work paid off with a third place finish at US Nationals right behind Peter Vanderkaay. Ryan finished with a time of 15:04.84 which placed him at 7th in the world at the time. This time qualified him to represent the United States at the Pan Pacific Championships in Irvine, CA. At the Pan Pacs Ryan placed 4th in the 1500 m. His time of 15:04.84 was 11th in the world for the 2009–2010 season.
In 2011, Ryan won his first National Championship in the 5k open water swim at Open Water Nationals in Fort Lauderdale, FL. He finished the 5k in 53:11.79. 
Ryan later in 2011 went on to the Open Water World Championships to represent the USA in the 10k swim. There he finished 25th. He missed his automatic birth to the US Olympic team by missing the top 10. 
In the 5k team event Ryan, along with Andrew Gemmell and Ashley Twitchell captured the gold medal and won the first ever World Championship in this event. The US beat Australia by one second. 
At Long Course Nationals in 2011 Ryan finished second in the 1500 freestyle to Gemmell in 15:01 and is currently the fourth fastest American in the event for 2011 and the 11th in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18949283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949283" title="Lady Franklin">
Lady Franklin

Lady Frankin may refer to:
In places:
In ships:

</doc>
<doc id="18949284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949284" title="Constitutional history of Australia">
Constitutional history of Australia

The Constitutional history of Australia began with the first white settlement in Sydney in 1788 and has undergone numerous constitutional changes since.
White settlement.
Prior to white European settlement of Australia in 1788, Europeans had been to the land merely as explorers. The only exception was James Cook who in 1770 sailed up most of the east coast of Australia and then claimed the entire coastline he had just explored as British territory. The basis of the claim is not clear, but it is clear that the indigenous peoples were not consulted and no treaty was entered into. In later years the doctrine of "terra nullius" was invoked in justification of the act.
Orders-in-Council were issued in London on 6 December 1785 for the establishment of a colony in Botany Bay. Arthur Phillip was appointed Governor-designate of the new colony in October 1786. Soon after Lord Sydney appointed him governor, Phillip drew up a detailed memorandum of his plans for the proposed new colony. In one paragraph he wrote: "The laws of this country will of course, be introduced in [New South Wales, and there is one that I would wish to take place from the moment his Majesty's forces take possession of the country: That there can be no slavery in a free land, and consequently no slaves." Actual white European settlement commenced with the arrival of the First Fleet, comprising 11 ships which arrived at Botany Bay, New South Wales between 18 and 20 January 1788. The Fleet brought a total of 1044 people to the new settlement, of whom 696 were convicts. The actual settlement was located at Sydney Cove. The colony was formally proclaimed by Governor Phillip on 7 February 1788 at Sydney. However, though the settlement was a military prison, and Phillip had full power as governor, the colony also had a civil administration and courts of law.
The first test of the doctrine of "terra nullius" occurred in "R v Tommy" (Monitor, 28 November 1827), which held that the native inhabitants were only subject to English law where the incident concerned both natives and settlers. The rationale was that Aboriginal tribal groups already operated under their own legal systems. This position was further reinforced by the decisions of "R v Boatman or Jackass and Bulleyes" (Sydney Gazette, 25 February 1832) and "R v Ballard" (Sydney Gazette, 23 April 1829). In 1835, Governor Bourke issued a proclamation which showed the implication of the doctrine of "terra nullius". He proclaimed that Indigenous Australians could not sell or assign land, nor could an individual person or group acquire land, other than through distribution by the Crown. The proclamation was approved by the Colonial Office on 10 October 1835. The proclamation was issued in response to the attempt by graziers from Van Diemen's Land to enter into an agreement with indigenous tribes in Port Philip, known as Batman's Treaty.
During the 19th century, separate British colonies were formed from the colony of New South Wales. Tasmania was proclaimed a separate colony, named Van Diemen's Land, in 1825. The colony of Western Australia was established in 1832 separately from that of New South Wales. Following the Treaty of Waitangi, William Hobson declared British sovereignty over New Zealand in 1840. In 1841, it was separated from the Colony of New South Wales to form the new Colony of New Zealand. South Australia was formed in 1836, Victoria in 1851 and Queensland in 1859. By Letters Patent on 6 June 1859, Queen Victoria gave her approval to the separation of the colony of Queensland from New South Wales. On the same day an Order-in-Council gave Queensland its own Constitution. Queensland became a self-governing colony with its own Governor, a nominated Legislative Council and an elected Legislative Assembly. South Australia was founded as a "free province"—it was never a penal colony. Victoria and Western Australia were also founded "free", but later accepted transported convicts. A campaign by the settlers of New South Wales led to the end of convict transportation to that colony; the last convict ship arrived in 1848.
Responsible government.
Between 1855 and 1890, the six colonies individually gained responsible government, managing most of their own affairs while remaining part of the British Empire. The Colonial Office in London retained control of some matters, notably foreign affairs, defence, and international shipping. New Zealand achieved responsible government in 1853, New South Wales and Victoria in 1855, Tasmania in 1856, Queensland in 1859 (separated from New South Wales in that year with self-government from the beginning) and Western Australia in 1890. These arrangements were confirmed by the "Colonial Laws Validity Act 1865". 
The "Colonial Laws Validity Act 1865" was a British Act of Parliament to define the relationship between local ("colonial") and British ("imperial") legislation. It confirmed that colonial legislation was to have full effect within the colony, limited only to the extent that it was not in contradiction with ("repugnant to") any Imperial Act which extended to that colony. The Act had the effect of clarifying and strengthening the position of colonial legislatures, while at the same time restating their ultimate subordination to the British Parliament. 
Until the passage of the Act, a number of colonial statutes had been struck down by local judges on the grounds of repugnancy to English laws (whether or not those English laws had been intended by Parliament to be effective in the colony). This had been a particular problem for the government in South Australia, where Justice Benjamin Boothby had struck down local statutes on numerous occasions in the colony's Supreme Court.
Towards federation.
The first formal steps to federation of the colonies was in the form of the Federal Council of Australasia in 1885. However, the Council was a weak non-executive, non-legislative federation of Western Australia, Fiji, Queensland, Tasmania and Victoria. The movement for full federation developed in the late 19th century, culminating in the six Australian colonies forming a federation of States. It was envisaged that New Zealand might also join.
In the 1890s, two constitutional conventions were called, which ultimately adopted a constitution based on a combination of British, American and other models (monarchy and parliamentary government from Britain, federalism from Canada and the United States, the use of the referendum from Switzerland). This constitution was then approved by the voters in each of the six colonies. (At the time women had the vote in only one of them: South Australia, and Aboriginal Australians in South Australia and Queensland only). 
It was then passed (with an amendment allowing for some appeals to the Privy Council in London) as an Act of the British Parliament: the Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act 1900. The Act entered into force on 1 January 1901, at which point the Commonwealth of Australia came into being.
The Australian Constitution, besides other matters, dealt with the allocation of powers between the colonies, which became states, and the federal parliament. Most of the powers, including those of foreign affairs and defence, were concurrent powers, with the proviso that if there was a conflict between the federal and a state law, then the federal law "will prevail". But the United Kingdom still had the power to engage in foreign affairs on behalf of Australia, and to make laws for it. In the early years Australia continued to be represented by the United Kingdom as part of the British Empire at international conferences.
The Constitution provided that the British monarch be represented in Australia by a Governor-General, who was originally appointed on the advice of the British, not the Australian, government, and was generally a British aristocrat. Finally, the Constitution provided that any law of the Australian Parliament could be disallowed within a year by the British monarch (acting on the advice of British ministers), though this power was never in fact exercised. In summary, the constitutional position of the Commonwealth as a whole in relation to the United Kingdom was, originally, the same as that of the individual colonies before federation.
From a united imperial Crown to a shared monarch.
A fundamental change in the constitutional structures of the British Commonwealth (formerly the British Empire, and not to be confused with the Commonwealth of Australia) did occur, however, in the late 1920s. Under the British Royal and Parliamentary Titles Act 1927, which implemented a decision of an earlier Commonwealth conference, the unified Crown that had heretofore been the centre point of the Empire was replaced by multiple crowns worn by a "shared monarch". 
Before 1927, King George V reigned as king "in" Australia, New Zealand, Canada, the Irish Free State, South Africa, etc., each of these states, in effect, as dominions, amounting to a subset of the United Kingdom. After 1927, he reigned as King "of" Australia, New Zealand, Ireland, South Africa, etc. 
The form of use in the royal title as issued by King George V did not mention the dominions by name, except 'Ireland', which changed from being referred to as "Great Britain and Ireland" to "Great Britain, Ireland", indicating that it was no longer part of the United Kingdom, but a separate state of which the monarch was now directly the head, rather than through linkage with Great Britain. Though unnamed, except through reference to the 'British Dominions beyond the Seas', the ground-breaking move shattered the previous concept of the shared monarch to one of multiple monarchies, all held by the one monarch. 
Though this principle was implicit in the Act and in the King's new titles, and came out of a Commonwealth Conference, neither the British government nor the dominion governments seemed initially to grasp its significance. So while the Irish "immediately" put the principle into effect by assuming the right to select their own governor-general and to demand a direct right of audience with the King (excluding British ministers), other dominions were much slower to go down this path, and when they did so, they were faced with determined, though ultimately futile, attempts to block such evolution in London. 
Whereas before 1927, it was correct in law to talk about the "British monarch" reigning in the dominions, after 1927, there was technically a King of Australia, etc., even if that title was never used formally, with the only link being that that monarch was also monarch of the UK and resident outside the Commonwealth of Australia. Curiously, while the Irish asserted the title "King of Ireland" by having King George V sign an international treaty on behalf of his Irish realm as early as 1931 (where he was formally advised by the Irish Minister for External Affairs who formally attended His Majesty, with no British minister present), the formal title "Queen of Australia" was only adopted through the Royal Style and Titles Act enacted by the Parliament of Australia in 1973.
Statute of Westminster 1931.
By the mid-1920s, it was accepted by the British government that dominions would have full legislative autonomy. This was given legislative effect in 1931 by the Statute of Westminster 1931. The Statute took effect in Australia in 1942 with the passing of the Statute of Westminster Adoption Act 1942, with retroactive effect to 3 September 1939, the start of World War II. The adoption of the Statute repealed the application of the Colonial Laws Validity Act 1865 in relation to federal legislation. However, the Colonial Laws Validity Act 1865 continued to have application in individual Australian states until the Australia Act 1986 came into effect in 1986.
Crisis in 1975.
The elections of the Australian Labor Party in 1972 and 1974 under its leader Gough Whitlam forced several constitutional issues to be tested. For two weeks in 1972, the Government had only two ministers, Whitlam and Lance Barnard. Although it had a majority in the lower House, the ALP faced a hostile Senate, and the defeat of Government bills led to a double dissolution and a consequent joint sitting and the passing of the bills into law as allowed under section 57. The political situation however was not improved much by the 1974 election, and the Senate later failed to provide "supply" (i.e. to pass tax and expenditure acts). The resulting Australian constitutional crisis of 1975 raised a series of issues: 
Of these, only the first has been partly resolved; an amendment in 1977 changed the procedure for casual appointment. While the State Parliaments can still require a state Governor to appoint somebody who is not the party's nominee, by stripping that nominee of their party membership the party can deny them appointment to the Senate. Under Section 11 of the Constitution a State parliament can still refuse to appoint the party's nominee; in this case, a stand-off can develop where the vacancy goes unfilled. This occurred in 1987, when the Tasmanian state parliament refused to appoint the Labor Party's nominee for a casual vacancy (, reference 99).
Two time-honoured constitutional principles were in conflict during the crisis. The first is that a ministry drawn from the majority of the lower house may continue to govern until it has lost the confidence of the House. The second is that a ministry may not continue to govern once supply has been exhausted. The potential of conflict has been resolved in the United Kingdom, where the House of Lords no longer has the power to block money bills. To date it has not been resolved in Australia. The crisis of 1975 may be repeated in the future, though it is unlikely.
The Australia Act.
The power under the Statute of Westminster to request the British Parliament to make laws for Australia was used on several occasions, primarily to enable Australia to acquire new territories. But its most significant use was also its last. This was when the procedure was used to pass the Australia Act 1986. The Australia Act effectively terminated the ability of the British Parliament or Government to make laws for Australia or its States, even at their request; and provided that any law which was previously required to be passed by the British Parliament on behalf of Australia could now be passed by Australia and its States by themselves. 
Since the Australia Act, the only remaining constitutional link with the United Kingdom (if it is one) is in the person of the monarch (see Queen of Australia). But even that connection may not be automatic. In an important constitutional case ("Sue v Hill" (1999) 163 ALR 648), three justices of the High Court of Australia (the ultimate court of appeal) expressed the view that if the British Parliament were to alter the law of succession to the throne, such a change could "not" have any effect on the monarchy in Australia, because of the Australia Act: succession to the throne would continue in Australia according to the existing rule, unless and until that was altered "in Australia". None of the other four justices in that case disagreed with this reasoning. (Because it was not strictly necessary to decide the case at hand, this is not strictly a binding judicial determination; but it is almost certainly correct given the precedent of the Abdication Crisis of 1936.) 
The same case decided (and on this point the decision "is" binding) that the United Kingdom is a "foreign power" within the meaning of the Constitution, and therefore that holders of British citizenship are ineligible for election to the Federal Parliament (though a special "grandfathering" arrangement merely phases out the right of British citizens to vote).
Towards an Australian republic?
As already seen, the only remaining constitutional connection with the United Kingdom is through the monarch, who is the monarch not only of the UK, but also of Australia and of each of its States. The main function of the monarch is to appoint and dismiss the Governor-General and the State Governors, and this function is exercised on the advice of the Prime Minister or the relevant State Premier. (The monarch is also sometimes asked to perform some function, such as giving the Royal Assent to an Act of Parliament, for ceremonial purposes during a Royal visit.)

</doc>
<doc id="18949287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949287" title="Camacho, Minas Gerais">
Camacho, Minas Gerais

Camacho is a Brazilian municipality located in the center of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 3,204 people living in a total area of 222 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Oeste de Minas and to the micro-region of Formiga. It became a municipality in 1962.
Location.
The city center of Camacho is located at an elevation of 957 meters southeast of Formiga. Neighboring municipalities are: Itapecerica (N and NW), Oliveira (E), and Candeias (S and W).
Distances to other cities
Economic activities.
Services and agriculture are the most important economic activities. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$28 million, 9 million reais from services and 17 million reais from agriculture. There were 546 rural producers on 15,000 hectares of land (2006). 42 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 1,800 persons were involved in agriculture. The main crops are coffee, rice, beans, and corn. There were 6,000 head of cattle (2006).
There were no banks (2007). The motor vehicle fleet had 299 automobiles, 51 trucks, 35 pickup trucks, and 245 motorcycles.
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 2 public health clinics (2005). Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Formiga or Belo Horizonte. Educational needs of 700 students were met by 4 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 1 pre-primary school.
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$121.00 was well below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="18949289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949289" title="Augustus De Morgan">
Augustus De Morgan

Augustus De Morgan (27 June 1806 – 18 March 1871) was a British mathematician and logician. He formulated De Morgan's laws and introduced the term mathematical induction, making its idea rigorous.
Biography.
Childhood.
Augustus De Morgan was born in Madurai, Madras Presidency, India in 1806. His father was Colonel Augustus De Morgan, who held various appointments in the service of the East India Company. His mother descended from James Dodson, who computed a table of anti-logarithms, that is, the numbers corresponding to exact logarithms. Augustus De Morgan became blind in one eye a month or two after he was born. The family moved to England when Augustus was seven months old. As his father and grandfather had both been born in India, De Morgan used to say that he was neither English, nor Scottish, nor Irish, but a Briton "unattached", using the technical term applied to an undergraduate of Oxford or Cambridge who is not a member of any one of the Colleges.
When De Morgan was ten years old, his father died. Mrs. De Morgan resided at various places in the southwest of England, and her son received his elementary education at various schools of no great account. His mathematical talents went unnoticed until he was fourteen, when a family-friend discovered him making an elaborate drawing of a figure in Euclid with ruler and compasses. She explained the aim of Euclid to Augustus, and gave him an initiation into demonstration.
He received his secondary education from Mr. Parsons, a fellow of Oriel College, Oxford, who appreciated classics better than mathematics. His mother was an active and ardent member of the Church of England, and desired that her son should become a clergyman; but by this time De Morgan had begun to show his non-conforming disposition.
University education.
In 1823, at the age of sixteen, he entered Trinity College, Cambridge, where he came under the influence of George Peacock and William Whewell, who became his lifelong friends; from the former he derived an interest in the renovation of algebra, and from the latter an interest in the renovation of logic—the two subjects of his future life work. His college tutor was John Philips Higman, FRS (1793–1855).
At college he played the flute for recreation and was prominent in the musical clubs. His love of knowledge for its own sake interfered with training for the great mathematical race; as a consequence he came out fourth wrangler. This entitled him to the degree of Bachelor of Arts; but to take the higher degree of Master of Arts and thereby become eligible for a fellowship it was then necessary to pass a theological test. To the signing of any such test De Morgan felt a strong objection, although he had been brought up in the Church of England. In about 1875 theological tests for academic degrees were abolished in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge.
London University.
As no career was open to him at his own university, he decided to go to the Bar, and took up residence in London; but he much preferred teaching mathematics to reading law. About this time the movement for founding London University (now University College London) took shape. The two ancient universities of Oxford and Cambridge were so guarded by theological tests that no Jew or Dissenter outside the Church of England could enter as a student, still less be appointed to any office. A body of liberal-minded men resolved to meet the difficulty by establishing in London a University on the principle of religious neutrality. De Morgan, then 22 years of age, was appointed professor of mathematics. His introductory lecture "On the study of mathematics" is a discourse upon mental education of permanent value, and has been recently reprinted in the United States.
The London University was a new institution, and the relations of the Council of management, the Senate of professors and the body of students were not well defined. A dispute arose between the professor of anatomy and his students, and in consequence of the action taken by the Council, several professors resigned, headed by De Morgan. Another professor of mathematics was appointed, who then drowned a few years later. De Morgan had shown himself a prince of teachers: he was invited to return to his chair, which thereafter became the continuous centre of his labours for thirty years.
The same body of reformers—headed by Lord Brougham, a Scotsman eminent both in science and politics who had instituted the London University—founded about the same time a Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge. Its object was to spread scientific and other knowledge by means of cheap and clearly written treatises by the best writers of the time. One of its most voluminous and effective writers was De Morgan. He wrote a great work on "The Differential and Integral Calculus" which was published by the Society; and he wrote one-sixth of the articles in the "Penny Cyclopedia", published by the Society, and issued in penny numbers. When De Morgan came to reside in London he found a congenial friend in William Frend, notwithstanding his mathematical heresy about negative quantities. Both were arithmeticians and actuaries, and their religious views were somewhat similar. Frend lived in what was then a suburb of London, in a country-house formerly occupied by Daniel Defoe and Isaac Watts. De Morgan with his flute was a welcome visitor.
The London University of which De Morgan was a professor was a different institution from the University of London. The University of London was founded about ten years later by the Government for the purpose of granting degrees after examination, without any qualification as to residence. The London University was affiliated as a teaching college with the University of London, and its name was changed to University College. The University of London was not a success as an examining body; a teaching University was demanded. De Morgan was a highly successful teacher of mathematics. It was his plan to lecture for an hour, and at the close of each lecture to give out a number of problems and examples illustrative of the subject lectured on; his students were required to sit down to them and bring him the results, which he looked over and returned revised before the next lecture. In De Morgan's opinion, a thorough comprehension and mental assimilation of great principles far outweighed in importance any merely analytical dexterity in the application of half-understood principles to particular cases.
During this period, he also promoted the work of the self-taught Indian mathematician Ramchundra, who has been called De Morgan's Ramanujam. He supervised the publication in London of Ramchundra's book on "Maxima and Minima" in 1859. In the introduction to this book, he acknowledged being aware of the Indian tradition of logic, although it is not known whether this had any influence on his own work.
Family.
In the autumn of 1837, he married Sophia Elizabeth, eldest daughter of William Frend and his wife, a granddaughter of Archdeacon Francis Blackburne.
De Morgan had three sons and four daughters, including fairytale author Mary de Morgan. His eldest son was the potter William De Morgan. His second son George acquired great distinction in mathematics at University College and the University of London. He and another like-minded alumnus conceived the idea of founding a Mathematical Society in London, where mathematical papers would be not only received (as by the Royal Society) but actually read and discussed. The first meeting was held in University College; De Morgan was the first president, his son the first secretary. It was the beginning of the London Mathematical Society.
Retirement and death.
In 1866 the chair of mental philosophy in University College fell vacant. James Martineau, a Unitarian clergyman and professor of mental philosophy, was recommended formally by the Senate to the Council; but in the Council there were some who objected to a Unitarian clergyman, and others who objected to theistic philosophy. A layman of the school of Bain and Spencer was appointed. De Morgan considered that the old standard of religious neutrality had been hauled down, and forthwith resigned. He was now 60 years of age. His pupils secured him a pension of £500 p.a., but misfortunes followed. Two years later his son George — the "younger Bernoulli", as Augustus loved to hear him called, in allusion to the eminent father-and-son mathematicians of that name — died. This blow was followed by the death of a daughter. Five years after his resignation from University College De Morgan died of nervous prostration on 18 March 1871.
Mathematical work.
De Morgan was a brilliant and witty writer, whether as a controversialist or as a correspondent. In his time there flourished two Sir William Hamiltons who have often been conflated. One was Sir William Hamilton, 9th Baronet (that is, his title was inherited), a Scotsman, professor of logic and metaphysics at the University of Edinburgh; the other was a knight (that is, won the title), an Irishman, professor at astronomy in the University of Dublin. The baronet contributed to logic, especially the doctrine of the quantification of the predicate; the knight, whose full name was William Rowan Hamilton, contributed to mathematics, especially geometric algebra, and first described the Quaternions. De Morgan was interested in the work of both, and corresponded with both; but the correspondence with the Scotsman ended in a public controversy, whereas that with the Irishman was marked by friendship and terminated only by death. In one of his letters to Rowan, De Morgan says,
The correspondence of De Morgan with Hamilton the mathematician extended over twenty-four years; it contains discussions not only of mathematical matters, but also of subjects of general interest. It is marked by geniality on the part of Hamilton and by wit on the part of De Morgan. The following is a specimen:
Hamilton wrote,
De Morgan replied,
De Morgan was full of personal peculiarities. On the occasion of the installation of his friend, Lord Brougham, as Rector of the University of Edinburgh, the Senate offered to confer on him the honorary degree of LL. D.; he declined the honour as a misnomer. He once printed his name: Augustus De Morgan, "H - O - M - O - P - A - U - C - A - R - U - M - L - I - T - E - R - A - R - U - M" (Latin for "man of few letters").
He disliked the provinces outside London, and while his family enjoyed the seaside, and men of science were having a good time at a meeting of the British Association in the country he remained in the hot and dusty libraries of the metropolis. He said that he felt like Socrates, who declared that the farther he was from Athens the farther was he from happiness. He never sought to become a Fellow of the Royal Society, and he never attended a meeting of the Society; he said that he had no ideas or sympathies in common with the physical philosopher. His attitude was possibly due to his physical infirmity, which prevented him from being either an observer or an experimenter. He never voted at an election, and he never visited the House of Commons, or the Tower of London, or Westminster Abbey.
Were the writings of De Morgan published in the form of collected works, they would form a small library, for example his writings for the Useful Knowledge Society. Mainly through the efforts of Peacock and Whewell, a Philosophical Society had been inaugurated at Cambridge; and to its Transactions De Morgan contributed four memoirs on the foundations of algebra, and an equal number on formal logic. The best presentation of his view of algebra is found in a volume, entitled "Trigonometry and Double Algebra", published in 1849; and his earlier view of formal logic is found in a volume published in 1847. His most distinctive work is styled "A Budget of Paradoxes"; it originally appeared as letters in the columns of the "Athenæum" journal; it was revised and extended by De Morgan in the last years of his life, and was published posthumously by his widow.
George Peacock's theory of algebra was much improved by D. F. Gregory, a younger member of the Cambridge School, who laid stress not on the permanence of equivalent forms, but on the permanence of certain formal laws. This new theory of algebra as the science of symbols and of their laws of combination was carried to its logical issue by De Morgan; and his doctrine on the subject is still followed by English algebraists in general. Thus George Chrystal founds his "Textbook of Algebra" on De Morgan's theory; although an attentive reader may remark that he practically abandons it when he takes up the subject of infinite series. De Morgan's theory is stated in his volume on "Trigonometry and Double Algebra". In the chapter (of the book) headed "On symbolic algebra" he writes:
De Morgan proceeds to give an inventory of the fundamental symbols of algebra, and also an inventory of the laws of algebra. The symbols are 0, 1, +, −, ×, ÷, ()(), and letters; these only, all others are derived. His inventory of the fundamental laws is expressed under fourteen heads, but some of them are merely definitions. The laws proper may be reduced to the following, which, as he admits, are not all independent of one
another:
The last two may be called the rules of reduction. De Morgan professes to give a complete inventory of the laws which the symbols of algebra must obey, for he says, "Any system of symbols which obeys these laws and no others, except they be formed by combination of these laws, and which uses the preceding symbols and no others, except they be new symbols invented in abbreviation of combinations of these symbols, is symbolic algebra." From his point of view, none of the above principles are rules; they are formal laws, that is, arbitrarily chosen relations to which the algebraic symbols must be subject. He does not mention the law, which had already been pointed out by Gregory, namely, formula_13 and to which was afterwards given the name of the "law of association". If the commutative law fails, the associative may hold good; but not "vice versa". It is an unfortunate thing for the symbolist or formalist that in universal arithmetic formula_14 is not equal to formula_15; for then the commutative law would have full scope. Why does he not give it full scope? Because the foundations of algebra are, after all, real not formal, material not symbolic. To the formalists the index operations are exceedingly refractory, in consequence of which some take no account of them, but relegate them to applied mathematics. To give an inventory of the laws which the symbols of algebra must obey is an impossible task, and reminds one not a little of the task of those philosophers who attempt to give an inventory of the "a priori" knowledge of the mind.
Trigonometry and double algebra.
De Morgan's work entitled "Trigonometry and Double Algebra" consists of two parts; the former of which is a treatise on trigonometry, and the latter a treatise on generalized algebra which he called "double algebra. The first stage in the development of algebra is "arithmetic", where numbers only appear and symbols of operations such as formula_1, formula_17, etc. The next stage is "universal arithmetic", where letters appear instead of numbers, so as to denote numbers universally, and the processes are conducted without knowing the values of the symbols. Let formula_18 and formula_19 denote any numbers; then such an expression as formula_20 may be impossible; so that in universal arithmetic there is always a proviso, "provided the operation is possible". The third stage is "single algebra", where the symbol may denote a quantity forwards or a quantity backwards, and is adequately represented by segments on a straight line passing through an origin. Negative quantities are then no longer impossible; they are represented by the backward segment. But an impossibility still remains in the latter part of such an expression as formula_21 which arises in the solution of the quadratic equation. The fourth stage is "double algebra". The algebraic symbol denotes in general a segment of a line in a given plane. It is a double symbol because it involves two specifications, namely, length, and direction; and formula_22 is interpreted as denoting a quadrant. The expression formula_21 then represents a line in the plane having an abscissa formula_18 and an ordinate formula_19. Argand and Warren carried double algebra so far - but they were unable to interpret on this theory such an expression as formula_26. De Morgan attempted it by "reducing" such an expression to the form formula_27, and he considered that he had shown that it could be always so reduced. The remarkable fact is that this double algebra satisfies all the fundamental laws above enumerated, and as every apparently impossible combination of symbols has been interpreted it looks like the complete form of algebra. In chapter 6 he introduced hyperbolic functions and discussed the connection of common and hyperbolic trigonometry.
If the above theory is true, the next stage of development ought to be "triple" algebra and if formula_21 truly represents a line in a given plane, it ought to be possible to find a third term which added to the above would represent a line in space. Argand and some others guessed that it was formula_29 although this contradicts the truth established by Euler that formula_30. De Morgan and many others worked hard at the problem, but nothing came of it until the problem was taken up by Hamilton. We now see the reason clearly: The symbol of double algebra denotes not a length and a direction; but a multiplier and "an angle". In it the angles are confined to one plane. Hence the next stage will be a "quadruple algebra", when the axis of the plane is made variable. And this gives the answer to the first question; double algebra is nothing but analytical plane trigonometry, and this is why it has been found to be the natural analysis for alternating currents. But De Morgan never got this far. He died with the belief "that double algebra must remain as the full development of the conceptions of arithmetic, so far as those symbols are concerned which arithmetic immediately suggests".
When the study of mathematics revived at the University of Cambridge, so did the study of logic. The moving spirit was Whewell, the Master of Trinity College, whose principal writings were a "History of the Inductive Sciences", and "Philosophy of the Inductive Sciences". Doubtless De Morgan was influenced in his logical investigations by Whewell; but other influential contemporaries were Sir William Rowan Hamilton of Edinburgh, and Professor Boole of Cork. De Morgan's work on "Formal Logic", published in 1847, is principally remarkable for his development of the numerically definite syllogism. The followers of Aristotle say that from two particular propositions such as " Some M's are A's ", and " Some M's are B's " nothing follows of necessity about the relation of the A's and B's. But they go further and say in order that any relation about the A's and B's may follow of necessity, the middle term must be taken universally in one of the premises. De Morgan pointed out that from "Most M's are A's and Most M's are B's" it follows of necessity that "some A's are B's" and he formulated the numerically definite syllogism which puts this principle in exact quantitative form. Suppose that the number of the M's is formula_31, of the M's that are A's is formula_18, and of the M's that are B's is formula_19; then there are at least formula_34 A's that are B's. Suppose that the number of souls on board a steamer was 1000, that 500 were in the saloon, and 700 were lost. It follows of necessity, that at least 700 + 500 - 1000, that is, 200, saloon passengers were lost. This single principle suffices to prove the validity of all the Aristotelian moods. It is therefore a fundamental principle in necessary reasoning.
Here then De Morgan had made a great advance by introducing "quantification of the terms". At that time Sir William Rowan Hamilton was teaching in Edinburgh a doctrine of the quantification of the predicate, and a correspondence sprang up. However, De Morgan soon perceived that Hamilton's quantification was of a different character; that it meant for example, substituting the two forms "The whole of A is the whole of B", and "The whole of A is a part of B" for the Aristotelian form "All A's are B's". Hamilton thought that he had placed the keystone in the Aristotelian arch, as he phrased it. Although it must have been a curious arch which could stand 2000 years without a keystone. As a consequence he had no room for De Morgan's innovations. He accused De Morgan of plagiarism, and the controversy raged for years in the columns of the "Athenæum", and in the publications of the two writers.
The memoirs on logic which De Morgan contributed to the Transactions of the Cambridge Philosophical Society subsequent to the publication of his book on "Formal Logic" are by far the most important contributions which he made to the science, especially his fourth memoir, in which he begins work in the broad field of the "logic of relatives". This is the true field for the logician of the twentieth century, in which work of the greatest importance is to be done towards improving language and facilitating thinking processes which occur all the time in practical life. Identity and difference are the two relations which have been considered by the logician; but there are many others equally deserving of study, such as equality, equivalence, consanguinity, affinity, etc.
In the introduction to the "Budget of Paradoxes" De Morgan explains what he means by the word.
How can the sound paradoxer be distinguished from the false paradoxer? De Morgan supplies the following test:
The "Budget" consists of a review of a large collection of paradoxical books which De Morgan had accumulated in his own library, partly by purchase at bookstands, partly from books sent to him for review, partly from books sent to him by the authors. He gives the following classification: squarers of the circle, trisectors of the angle, duplicators of the cube, constructors of perpetual motion, subverters of gravitation, stagnators of the earth, builders of the universe. You will still find specimens of all these classes in the New World and in the new century. De Morgan gives his personal knowledge of paradoxers.
A paradoxer to whom De Morgan paid the compliment which Achilles paid Hector — to drag him round the walls again and again — was James Smith, a successful merchant of Liverpool. He found formula_35. His mode of reasoning was a curious caricature of the "reductio ad absurdum" of Euclid. He said let formula_35, and then showed that on that supposition, every other value of formula_37 must be absurd. Consequently formula_38 is the true value. The following is a specimen of De Morgan's dragging round the walls of Troy:
In the region of pure mathematics, De Morgan could detect easily the false from the true paradox; but he was not so proficient in the field of physics. His father-in-law was a paradoxer, and his wife a paradoxer; and in the opinion of the physical philosophers De Morgan himself scarcely escaped. His wife wrote a book describing the phenomena of spiritualism, table-rapping, table-turning, etc.; and De Morgan wrote a preface in which he said that he knew some of the asserted facts, believed others on testimony, but did not pretend to know "whether" they were caused by spirits, or had some unknown and unimagined origin. From this alternative he left out ordinary material causes. Faraday delivered a lecture on "Spiritualism", in which he laid it down that in the investigation we ought to set out with the idea of what is physically possible, or impossible; De Morgan did not believe this.
Relations.
De Morgan discovered relation algebra in his "Syllabus of a Proposed System of Logic" (1966: 208-46), first published in 1860. This algebra was extended by Charles Sanders Peirce (who admired De Morgan and met him shortly before his death), and re-exposited and further extended in vol. 3 of Ernst Schröder's "Vorlesungen über die Algebra der Logik". Relation algebra proved critical to the "Principia Mathematica" of Bertrand Russell and Alfred North Whitehead. In turn, this algebra became the subject of much further work, starting in 1940, by Alfred Tarski and his colleagues and students at the University of California.
Spiritualism.
De Morgan later in his life became interested in the phenomena of Spiritualism. In 1849 he had investigated clairvoyance and was impressed by the subject. He later carried out paranormal investigations in his own home with the medium Maria Hayden. The result of these investigations was later published by his wife Sophia. De Morgan believed that his career as a scientist might have been affected if he had revealed his interest in the study of spiritualism so he helped to publish the book anonymously. The book was published in 1863 titled "From Matter to Spirit: The Result of Ten Years Experience in Spirit Manifestations".
According to (Oppenheim, 1988) De Morgan's wife Sophia was a convinced spiritualist but De Morgan shared a third way position on spiritualist phenomena which Oppenheim defined as a "wait-and-see position", he was neither a believer or a skeptic, instead his viewpoint was that the methodology of the physical sciences does not automatically exclude psychic phenomena and that such phenomena may be explainable in time by the possible existence of natural forces which as yet physicists had not identified.
In the preface of "From Matter to Spirit" (1863) De Morgan stated:
Thinking it very likely that the universe may contain a few agencies—say half a million—about which no man knows anything, I can not but suspect that a small proportion of these agencies—say five thousand—may be severally competent to the production of all the phenomena, or may be quite up to the task among them. The physical explanations which I have seen are easy, but miserably insufficient: the spiritualist hypothesis is sufficient, but ponderously difficult. Time and thought will decide, the second asking the first for more results of trial.
In "Parapsychology: A Concise History" (1997), John Beloff wrote that De Morgan was the first notable scientist in Britain to take an interest in the study of spiritualism and his studies had influenced the decision of William Crookes to also study spiritualism. He also claims that De Morgan was an atheist and that this debarred from a position at Oxford or Cambridge.
Legacy.
Beyond his great mathematical legacy, the headquarters of the London Mathematical Society is called "De Morgan House" and the student society of the Mathematics Department of University College London is called the August De Morgan Society.
The crater De Morgan on the Moon is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18949294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949294" title="Aidan of Lindisfarne">
Aidan of Lindisfarne

Aidan of Lindisfarne (died 31 August 651) was an Irish monk and missionary credited with restoring Christianity to Northumbria. He founded a monastic cathedral on the island of Lindisfarne, served as its first bishop, and travelled ceaselessly throughout the countryside, spreading the gospel to both the Anglo-Saxon nobility and to the socially disenfranchised (including children and slaves).
He is known as the Apostle of Northumbria and is recognised as a saint by the Catholic Church, Eastern Orthodox Church, Anglican Communion and others.
Biography.
Bede's meticulous and detailed account of Aidan's life provides the basis for most biographical sketches (both classical and modern). One notable lacuna, which (somewhat paradoxically) reinforces the notion of Bede's reliability, is that virtually nothing is known of the monk's early life, save that he was a monk at the ancient monastery on the island of Iona from a relatively young age and that he was of Irish descent.
Background.
In the years prior to Aidan's mission, Christianity, which had been propagated throughout Britain but not Ireland by the Roman Empire, was being largely displaced by Anglo-Saxon paganism. Though it seemed a foregone conclusion that the region was returning to its indigenous religion, bastions of Christian thought continued to thrive. In the monastery of Iona (founded by Columba of the Irish Church), the religion soon found one of its principal exponents in Oswald of Northumbria, a noble youth who had been raised there as a king in exile since 616. Divested of his earlier beliefs and baptised as a Christian, the young king vowed to bring Christianity back to his people—an opportunity that presented itself in 634, when he gained the crown of Northumbria.
Owing to his historical connection to Iona's monastic community, King Oswald requested that missionaries be sent from that monastery instead of the Roman-sponsored monasteries of Southern England. At first, they sent him a bishop named Cormán, but he returned in abject failure to Iona and reported that the Northumbrians were too stubborn to be converted. Aidan criticised Cormán's methods and was soon sent as his replacement in 635.
Missonary efforts.
Allying himself with the pious king, Aidan chose the island of Lindisfarne, which was close to the royal castle at Bamburgh, as the seat of his diocese. An inspired missionary, Aidan would walk from one village to another, politely conversing with the people he saw and slowly interesting them in Christianity: in this, he followed the early apostolic model of conversion, by offering "them first the milk of gentle doctrine, to bring them by degrees, while nourishing them with the Divine Word, to the true understanding and practice of the more advanced precepts." By patiently talking to the people on their own level (and by taking an active interest in their lives and communities), Aidan and his monks slowly restored Christianity to the Northumbrian countryside. King Oswald, who after his years of exile had a perfect command of Irish, often had to translate for Aidan and his monks, who did not speak English at first.
In his years of proselytising, Aidan was responsible for the construction of churches, monasteries and schools throughout Northumbria. At the same time, he earned a tremendous reputation for his pious charity and dedication to the less fortunate—such as his tendency to provide room, board and education to orphans, and his use of contributions to pay for the freedom of slaves:
The monastery he founded grew and helped found churches and other religious institutions throughout the area. It also served as centre of learning and a storehouse of scholarly knowledge, training many of Aidan's young charges for a career in the priesthood. Though Aidan was a member of the Irish branch of Christianity (instead of the Roman branch), his character and energy in missionary work won him the respect of Pope Honorius I and Felix of Dunwich.
When Oswald died in 642, Aidan received continued support from King Oswine of Deira and the two became close friends. As such, the monk's ministry continued relatively unchanged until the rise of pagan hostilities in 651. At that time, a pagan army attacked Bamburgh and attempted to set its walls ablaze. According to legend, Aidan saw the black smoke from his cell at Lindisfarne Abbey, immediately recognized its cause, and knelt in prayer for the fate of the city. Miraculously, the winds abruptly reversed their course, blowing the conflagration towards the enemy, which convinced them that the capital city was defended by potent spiritual forces. Around this time, Oswine was betrayed and murdered. Twelve days later Aidan died, on August 31, in the seventeenth year of his episcopate. He had become ill while on one of his incessant missionary tours, and died leaning against the wall of the local church. As Baring-Gould poetically summarizes: "It was a death which became a soldier of the faith on his own fit field of battle."
Legacy and veneration.
After his death, Aidan's body was buried at Lindisfarne, beneath the abbey that he had helped found. Though his popularity waned in the coming years, "in the 10th century Glastonbury monks obtained some supposed relics of Aidan; through their influence Aidan's feast appears in the early Wessex calendars, which provide the main evidence for his cult after the age of Bede."
His feast is celebrated on the anniversary of his death, 31 August. Reflecting his Irish origins, his Scottish monasticism and his ministry to the English, Aidan has been proposed as a possible patron saint of the United Kingdom. 
Today, Aidan's significance is still recognized in the following saying by Joseph Lightfoot, Bishop of Durham:

</doc>
<doc id="18949298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949298" title="Danielle Beaubrun">
Danielle Beaubrun

Danielle Beaubrun (born May 6, 1990 in Saint Lucia) is an Olympic and National Record holding swimmer from the Caribbean island nation of Saint Lucia. She swam for Saint Lucia at the 2008 Olympic Games, where she was the youngest member of the country's Olympic team.
Before 2008 Olympics.
Danielle started her swimming career at the age of five with 'learn to swim' classes with the Sea Jays Swim Club, as she became more able, she started competing competitively, coached by her mother, Karen Beaubrun. Six years later, at the age of eleven, she began her training with the Cuban coach, Claribel Blanco with the Rodney Heights swim club. She remained here from March 2002 till December 2004. Her training was then taken over by the Brazilian, Cesar Bolzan.
Events and awards.
In 2006, Beaubrun represented Saint Lucia in the Commonwealth Games - Semifinalist in the 100 meters breaststrokeIn the 2007 she was the only Saint Lucian swimmer to make qualifying times for the Pan American Games 2007. She made it into the semi finals and set a new St.Lucian Record for 100 meters breast stroke. 
At the 2006 CAC Games, she qualified for the 100 and 200 meters breaststroke and she came 4th overall in the 50 meter breaststroke.
In the 2005 CCCAN Championships, in Santo Domingo, she won the silver medal for the 50m breaststoke, and at the 2003 CCCANs, in Mexico City she won the bronze for the same competition. At the 2009 meet, she won the 18&Over 200 breaststroke in a new St. Lucian Record (2:48.96), and also lowered her national mark in the 50 breaststroke (33.83).
In 2005, she was awarded St Lucias Junior Sportswoman of the Year. 
She attended swimming powerhouse The Bolles School in Jacksonville Florida from 2006 to 2009 and will attend Florida Gulf Coast University from September 2009. On 2010 she was the flag bearer for Saint Lucia at the opening ceremony of the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18949301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949301" title="14K Triad">
14K Triad

The 14K (十四K) is a Triad group based in Hong Kong but active internationally. It is the third largest Triad group in the world with around 25,000 members split into thirty subgroups. They are the main rival of the Sun Yee On, which is the largest Triad.
Criminal focus.
The 14K is responsible for large-scale drug trafficking around the world, most of it heroin and opium from China or Southeast Asia. This is their primary business in terms of generating income, but they are also involved in illegal gambling, loan sharking, money laundering, murder, arms trafficking, prostitution, people smuggling, extortion, counterfeiting and, to a lesser extent, home invasion robberies.
History.
The 14K was formed by Kuomintang Lieutenant-General Kot Siu-wong in Guangzhou, China in 1945 as an anti-Communist action group. However, the group relocated to Hong Kong in 1949 when the Kuomintang fled from the Communists following the Chinese Civil War. Originally there were fourteen members who were part of the Kuomintang, hence the name 14K. However, some say that 14 stands for the road number of a former headquarters and K stands for Kowloon.
Compared with other triad societies, the 14K is one of the largest and most violent Hong Kong-based triad societies, and its members appear to be more loosely connected. 14K factional violence is actually out of control because no dragonhead is able to govern all factions of 14K worldwide.
While Hong Kong's 14K triad gang dominates its traditional areas of operation and has expanded far beyond the former British colony, its focus remains Sino-centric. Hong Kong triads - including the 14K - have also expanded their activities in mainland China; a key motivation for members to cross into China is to avoid police security and anti-gang crackdowns in Hong Kong 
During the 1990s the 14K it was the "largest Triad in the world." In 1997, there were a number of gang-related attacks that left 14 people dead. Under Wan Kuok-koi (nicknamed "Broken Tooth Koi", 崩牙駒), the 14K was being challenged by the smaller Shui Fong Triad. The next year, a gunman believed to be connected to the local 14K killed a Portuguese national and wounded another at a sidewalk café in Macau. In 1999, a Portuguese court convicted 45-year-old mob boss Broken Tooth Koi on various criminal charges and sentenced him to 15 years imprisonment. His 14K gang was suspected of drive-by shootings, car bombings and attempted assassinations. Seven of his associates received lesser sentences. Since the crackdown in Macau, the 14K triad resurfaced in North American cities such as Los Angeles, San Francisco and Chicago in the United States and Vancouver, Calgary and Toronto, Canada, Sydney Australia, also the UK.
In response to the massive publicity generated by Broken Tooth Koi, the 14K dramatically lowered its public profile. Meanwhile, loan sharking and money laundering continue to be the primary sources of revenue for the 14K in North America.
In August 2008, the 14K was allegedly involved in a high-profile kidnapping of a Chinese family in New Zealand near Papatoetoe, Auckland. The plan was to demand a ransom, but they were found before the money was paid.

</doc>
<doc id="18949302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949302" title="Arnold Mathew">
Arnold Mathew

Arnold Harris Mathew, "de jure" Earl of Landaff of Thomastown, (7 August 1852 – 19 December 1919) was the founder and first bishop of the Old Catholic Church in the United Kingdom and a noted author on ecclesiastical subjects.
Mathew had been both a Roman Catholic and an Anglican before becoming a bishop in the Union of Utrecht (UU). His early life is the subject of some interest from researchers as a result of his aristocratic connections and his father's connection with colonial India.
Biography.
Mathew was a relative of Theobald Mathew the noted "Apostle of Temperance". Born in France in 1852 and baptised in the Roman Catholic Church (RCC); due to his mother's scruples he was rebaptised in the Church of England (CoE). He studied for the ministry in the Scottish Episcopal Church, but sought reconciliation and confirmation in the Church of Rome.
As a Roman Catholic, Mathew was ordained a priest in 1877 in the Pro-Cathedral in Glasgow by the Most Revd Charles Eyre, Archbishop of Anazarba, "in partibus infidelium" Vicar-General of the Western District of Scotland, who became the first Roman Catholic Archbishop of Glasgow after the restoration of the hierarchy to Scotland. Mathew was granted a Doctor of Divinity degree by Pope Pius IX. He became a Dominican in 1878 but only persevered a year, moving around a number of dioceses: Newcastle, Plymouth, Nottingham and Clifton. He remained a Roman Catholic priest until, in 1889, various personal doubts and issues caused him to retire from the Roman obedience. Later in 1891 he was persuaded to "trial" the Anglican ministry and went to assist the rector of Holy Trinity, Sloane Street, London. He was never officially received into the Church of England, neither did he formally leave the Roman Catholic Church.
Mathew married Margaret Florence Duncan at St Marylebone Parish Church, London, using the name Arnoldo Girolamo Povoleri, "a clerk in holy orders", on 22 February 1892.
In 1897, Mathew had met the Revd Richard O'Halloran and became curious about the suggestion of an Old Catholic Church in Great Britain. O'Halloran had been corresponding with the Old Catholic bishops in Holland and Germany and believed that such a movement would interest a large number of disaffected Roman Catholics and Anglo-Catholics. In June 1906 the Royal Commission appointed in 1904 to inquire into "ecclesiastical disorders", afterwards known as the Ritual Commission, The king issued Letters of Business after the report. It was expected that the Catholic-minded Anglican clergy, with their congregations, might, by Act of Parliament, be forced out of the Anglican Communion. Persuaded by O'Halloran, Mathew decided to join the movement and was elected the first Regionary Old Catholic Bishop for Great Britain and in 1908 the Old Catholic Church of the Netherlands (OKKN) was petitioned to consecrate him to this charge.
Consecration.
On 28 April 1908, Mathew was consecrated Regionary Old Catholic Bishop for Great Britain and Ireland in St Gertrude's Cathedral, Utrecht, by the 's archbishop of Utrecht, Gerardus Gul, assisted by two bishops, Jacobus Johannes van Thiel of Haarlem and Nicolaus Bartholomeus Petrus Spit of Deventer, and one Catholic Diocese of the Old Catholics in Germany () bishop, Josef Demmel of Bonn.
Mathew's election was to some extent a precautionary endeavour by those anticipating a precipitous action by the Government regarding the Ritual Commission's findings, there were only a small number of Old Catholics in England. However, the King's Letters of Business dealing with the Report of the Ritual Commission received no further attention and no action was taken. The result was that those who had taken part in Mathew's election were able to remain within the Anglican Communion. Added to the natural differences with their former brethren in the Roman Church was a campaign of persecution directed by certain elements of the , described by Willibald Beyschleg, as "those who emphatically desire to be 'catholic' but are at the same time wholly out of sympathy with Old Catholics." They was a small group of ritualistic clergy in the established English Church "on the way to Rome" while the Old Catholics were "on the way from Rome". Unprepared for the position in which he then found himself, Mathew disclosed the matter fully to the Dutch bishops who, with the Old Catholic bishops, held an inquiry into the circumstances. Mathew was subsequently publicly exonerated from all suggestion of misrepresentation in a letter to "The Manchester Guardian" of 3 June 1908, the bishops also refused his request to retire and insisted he continue with the original mission (though they were later to try and retract this affirmation in 1920)
Mission in England 1908-1919.
Mathew published "The Old Catholic Missal & Ritual" in 1909, for the use of English-speaking Old Catholics with the "imprimatur" of Gul.
In September 1909, Mathew attended the Old Catholic Congress in Vienna, where he expressed his sympathy with the conservative position of the Dutch Old Catholics opposing the innovations being introduced among the German and Swiss Old Catholics to accept the decrees of the Holy Synod of Jerusalem (1672) and to renounce the Sacrament of Penance (auricular confession), the intercession of saints and alterations to the liturgy, including the omission of the Pope's name from the Canon of the Mass.
Mathew expressed fears that the trend of Continental Old Catholicism was towards Modernism, perhaps because of the growing association with Anglicans and Lutherans, and hoped for a return to the traditional principles of the Church of Utrecht.
In Utrecht, in October 1910, he assisted at the consecration of Jan Maria Michał Kowalski as archbishop of the Polish Mariavite Church.
Autonomy and Independence.
Eventually, with the support of his clergy, on 29 December 1910, Mathew issued a pastoral letter entitled "A Declaration Of Autonomy And Independence" from the . This necessitated then the continuation of the apostolic succession for the survival of the "old" Roman Catholic faith and so, on 7 January 1911, Mathew consecrated Archdeacon Francis Herbert Bacon, Canon Cuthbert Francis Hinton, Fr William Edmond Scott-Hall and Fr Frederick Clement Christie Egerton to the episcopate.
An episcopal synod then followed and Mathew was unanimously elected Old Roman Catholic Archbishop of Great Britain and Ireland.
Mathew consecrated two former Roman Catholic priests, Herbert Ignatius Beale and Arthur William Howarth, who were excommunicated by the Roman Catholic Bishop of Nottingham for embezzling.
Mathew then sent documents to Pope Pius X attesting to the episcopal consecrations.
On 11 February 1911, in response and arguably in recognition of the validity of the consecrations, Pope Pius X formally excommunicated Beale, Howarth, and Mathew in the motu proprio type apostolic letter "" for having consecrated bishops without permission of the Holy See (which permission the Dutch Church was granted freedom from by previous papal bulls).
A noted author and historian, Mathew had an excellent knowledge of the Eastern Orthodox Church and established cordial relations between the English Old Catholics and the Patriarchal See of Antioch. Now an archbishop, Mathew had been in contact with people interested in extending the presence of the Eastern Orthodox Church to Western Europe. On 5 August 1911, at a conference in Bredon's Norton, Worcestershire attended by Archbishop Gerassimos Messarra, Archbishop of Beirut, Legate of the Greek Orthodox Patriarch of Antioch, Mathew and others. After a long and full discussion the and on 26 February 1912, As it may be reasonably argued that Old Roman Catholic bishops are not in fact "episcopi vagantes" (an oft used term of disparagement by critics) but bishops of a of the ancient undivided church.
What distinguished the scholarly Mathew and the episcopate he established in Scotland and America from that of the continental Old Catholics was his insistence on the inviolable episcopal authority of each national body of Old Catholics. This had been in the minds of the original Old Catholic congresses, but the German episcopate, because of its preponderance of numbers and wealth attempted to create a small hierarchical system patterned on the Roman administration with the Archbishop of Utrecht in the position of ranking prelate or "little pope". The English Old Catholics, seeing in this the possibilities of the former mistake of the Western Church with a Germanic, instead of an Italian, spiritual protectorate over the whole Christian world, restated the original Old Catholic principles of autonomy and had received the support of their Orthodox friends in this respect.
In 1914, the previous bishops having left the church for various reasons, Mathew elected Bishop Rudolph Francis Edward Hamilton de Lorraine-Brabant, Prince de Landas Berges, to continue the succession and initially to establish the ministry of the Old Roman Catholic Church in Scotland and then later in the United States. Shortly thereafter, Father Carmel Henry Carfora, an Italian Franciscan friar who had left the Roman Catholic Church, was elected to succeed Bishop de Landes Berghes as Archbishop of the Old Roman Catholic Diocese of America. Because of the move to America of Bishop de Landas Berghes, to safeguard the succession once more, Canon Bernard Mary Williams was consecrated by Mathew on 14 April 1916. On 25 March 1917, Mathew appointed Bishop Williams as his successor and, on 20 December 1919, died at South Mimms, Hertfordshire where he had retired.
Death.
On 19 December 1915, Mathew made a submission to the Vatican, confirmed by announcements in letters in "The Times" of 31 December 1915. Mathew wrote to "The Tablet" within a month:
But because the Holy See insisted that he would only be reconciled as a layman and would be obliged to accept the doctrine of papal infallibility and primacy of the Roman Pontiff, Mathew then sought union with the but the Archbishop of Canterbury refused to give him any position in the .
Mathew retired to South Mimms, a village in the English countryside in Hertfordshire, and contented himself with assisting at services in a parish church. He died suddenly on 20 December 1919. He was buried in the Parish of Saint Giles in South Mimms.
Contemporary significance.
There are many independent churches, "rites" and ecclesiastic bodies in the English speaking world, particularly in North America and some in Continental Europe which trace their holy orders to Mathew's apostolic succession. This makes Mathew a significant figure in the Independent Sacramental Movement. However, genuine Old Roman Catholic jurisdictions directly descended from the missionary endeavours of the first generation of Mathew's bishops are very few.
Mathew's activities as a bishop gave birth to the Liberal Catholic Church and the more conservative Old Roman Catholic churches, which are autocephalous churches holding to a traditional Roman Catholic worship style, most rejecting the dogmas of the First Vatican Council (1869-1870) but some offering nominal acceptance.
Old Roman Catholic Church.
In the United States, as well as the Old Roman Catholic Church Latin Rite (ORCC/LR), the following are the only churches descended directly from the Old Roman Catholic Church of North America founded by Landas Berghes succeeded by Carfora, namely the Old Roman Catholic Church: See of Caer-Glow (ORCC/SoG) headed by Archbishop John Humphreys; the Old Roman Catholic Church in North America (ORCCNA) headed by Archbishop Francis P. Facione; the North American Old Roman Catholic Church (NAORCC) headed by Archbishop Edward J. Ford; the North American Old Roman Catholic Church (NAORCC) headed by Archbishop Theodore Rematt. 
There are other churches using the name "Old Roman Catholic" that have no direct connection to the above jurisdictions and are not directly descended from the original Old Roman Catholic missions. Such churches' claims to being Old Roman Catholic are usually by virtue of having attained Mathew's succession from various "episcopi vagantes" or by adopting the polity of Old Roman Catholicism.
Liberal Catholic Church.
Mathew was a traditional Ultrajectine and Roman Catholic in his religious beliefs and believed the bishops he consecrated were orthodox in their theology as well, preaching doctrines common to the Roman Catholic and Anglican churches. However, some transpired to have strong leanings toward Theosophy, occultism and Spiritualism and what may now be called "New Thought" ideas, much to Mathew's own shock and chagrin. In 1918, a couple of Theosophical-minded bishops of Mathew's Old Roman Catholic Church set up their own "Liberal Catholic Church", a Church with a "High Church" Catholic liturgy and an eclectic theology that is permissive of varying theological opinions and requires no dogma.
The Liberal Catholic Church was initially the creation largely of the Right Revd James Ingall Wedgwood (born 1883), a zealous Theosophist, Freemason and Rosicrucian who was also ordained as an Old Roman Catholic Church bishop by Mathew, who later disowned him, and in 1918 became the first Presiding Bishop of the Liberal Catholic Church with several thousand members in England, Europe, North America, Australia and Asia.
Validity.
Concerning the validity of the Holy Orders conferred by Mathew in the period following his departure from the .
Utrecht denial.
On 29 April 1920, the 's International Old Catholic Bishops' Conference (IBC) declared Mathew's consecration had been "in mala fides" ("in bad faith").
The suggestion was that the petition for his consecration and its 150 signatories collated by O'Halloran was false in its premise for the consecration and thus the consecration was invalid.
However, Mathew had disclosed the matter fully to the Dutch bishops days after the consecration when it transpired that the Anglicans who had participated in his election withdrew from the petition due to the changed situation regarding the Ritual Commission (see above).
Certain unprincipled elements of this Anglo-Catholic group exerted pressure on the Dutch Church to disavow the English Old Catholics, but without result.
At one time they intended to besmirch the Mathew's character by elaborating on a statement made by a Roman Catholic editor that Mathew's credentials to the Dutch Church contained false statements, but the bishops of Holland, after a thorough investigation themselves, vindicated Mathew.
The Roman priest himself recalled the original statement, saying that since he made it he had satisfied himself by a personal investigation that it was groundless.
The Old Catholic bishops then held an inquiry into the circumstances and Mathew was publicly exonerated from all suggestion of misrepresentation in a letter to "The Manchester Guardian" of 3 June 1908, the bishops also refused Mathew's request to retire.
Also, on 5 October 1909, Mathew assisted Gul together with Thiel, Demmel, and Spit at Kowalski's consecration, so clearly there was no suggestion of "mala fides" or "invalidity" then by the Old Catholic bishops.
With reference to Mathew's "Declaration of Autonomy" of 29 December 1910, the court session of the on 11 September 1913 simply stated that the matter was "solved" and did no reference Mathew's deceit or invalidity.
Though the did also state that consecrated persons and communities connected with Mathew would not be welcome by the . (though recently ).
In 1908, Lambeth had expressed regret over the consecration of Mathew.
Lambeth also indicated a desire for a closer relationship with Utrecht.
Discussions about union with Utrecht had been taking place since the end of the 19th century,
such as the conferences of reunion in Bonn in 1874 and 1875 convoked by Johann von Döllinger.
Though the Dutch bishops in a report of 1894 still could not decide on the recognition of Anglican orders.
It would appear that a desire for closer cooperation on the part of Utrecht with an Anglican desire for the recognition of their orders, conspired to impugn the reputation of Mathew.
By June 1925, Davidson stated that the Dutch Old Catholic Church had "after lengthy investigations and serious discussions" arrived "without any reservation (to recognise) that the apostolic succession was not interrupted in the Church of England" and in 1931 the "Bonn Agreement" was signed and intercommunion agreed between the and the Anglican Communion.
As the ceremony took place and no-one questioned the intentions of the bishops involved,
according to sacramental theology and canonical principles,
Rite.
Old Roman Catholic jurisdictions have consistently employed the Tridentine Ordinal and Pontificale for the conferral of ordinations and the consecration of bishops.
This was the case with the See of Utrecht right up to and some years beyond the consecration of Mathew himself, without any alterations to the ceremonies.
Mathew's "Old Catholic Missal & Ritual" contains an English translation of the "Pontificale Romanum"; and, either this or the original Latin is used in all Old Roman Catholic ceremonies still to this day, even by those jurisdictions who permit modern liturgies for the Mass.
"A priest or bishop who confers a sacrament doesn't have to 'prove' that he intends to do what the Church does. He is automatically presumed to intend what the rite means. This is certain theological doctrine, taught by the Church. And to deny it is 'theologically rash'," according to Cekada.
"Schismatic" or "excommunicate" ordinations.
According to Cekada, Traditionalist Catholics sometimes assert that "without a papal dispensation, an episcopal consecration performed without two priest-assistants is doubtful".
Using the 1917 Code of Canon Law but not the current 1983 Code of Canon Law which replaced it, he argued against this assertion and stated that "no law or canonist supports this" and reasoned that "teachings of the canonists directly contradict it too". He quoted Marie Dominique Bouix, who wrote: "Even if there should be a consecration without any assistants and without obtaining a pontifical dispensation, it would still be valid." He wrote that Eduardo Regatillo writing "goes even further. He says that a consecration performed without a dispensation would be valid even if the bishop 'is the only one who is present at the consecration'"; and that, "Pope Alexander VII, Pope Clement XI and Pope Benedict XIV declared that consecrations performed without such a dispensation are valid."
Sometimes, it is asserted that, because Mathew was excommunicated by Pius X, anyone ordained or consecrated by him thereafter incurs the same penalty.
"Penalties aren't 'contagious'," according to Cekada, even if a bishop "had personally incurred excommunication, it would not be incurred by clergy who derive their orders from him"; he wrote that the states: "It is not permitted to extend penalties from person to person or from case to case, even though the reason is the same or even stronger."
"Receiving orders from an excommunicate incurs only suspension," wrote Cekada, which prohibits "licitly exercising orders".
Thus, based on the , Mathew's excommunication is not "contagious" and wouldn't pass along to clergy deriving their orders from him.
Furthermore, the states that "Except as provided in §3, the faithful can for any just cause ask for sacraments or sacramentals of one who is excommunicated, especially if there is no one else to give them; and in such cases the excommunicated person so asked may administer them, and is not obliged to ask the reason for the request."
No Old Roman Catholic bishops have been declared "" since Mathew.
Thus as his excommunication is not contagious, this scenario does not apply.
Licit or illicit.
It is also suggested that such orders are "illicit", i.e. non canonical.
The canonical dispute between the Holy See and the See of Utrecht about whether the Ultrajectine See could elect its own bishops was never canonically, i.e. legally, concluded.
Pius IX ignoring "due process" and erecting an uncanonical hierarchy in Holland in 1853.
Thus, it is arguably only just according to canonical principles to assume that the inalienable right granted by Papal Bull of Pope Eugene III is still extant and in effect.
Gul consecrated and commissioned Mathew as a bishop in accordance with the norms of universal ecclesiastical law, nominating and electing him to a title.
Mathew declared autonomy from the Ultrajectine See on 29 December 1910 and perpetuated its assertion of canonical rights and prerogatives for the continuation and perpetuation of the Old Roman Catholic Church from Utrecht.
On 5 August 1911, and Thus 
Affirmations of validity.
There are various incidences where Old Roman Catholic orders have been affirmed by theologians, canonists and even representatives of the Holy See.
According to supporters, the consecration of Hiram Hulse indicates that the Protestant Episcopal Church in the USA regarded the Mathew line as being not only valid but even desirable.
On 12 January 1915, in New York City, Hulse was consecrated as a bishop in Cuba for the Protestant Episcopal Church assisted by de Landes.
This indicates that there were no apparent perceived problems in relation to valid holy orders in the early 20th century.
The orders of de Landes, consecrated after Mathew left the , were apparently viewed by his contemporaries as valid despite any adverse comments from Utrecht.
Archbishop Frederick Linale of the Old Roman Catholic Church Great Britain, sought and obtained a declaration from Rome confirming the validity of his Orders, firstly in 1962.
Then on , Archbishop Romolo Carboni, Apostolic Nuncio to Italy, wrote to the Cardinal Prefect of the Council for the Public Affairs of the Church, 1490/82, asking him to look into the apostolic succession of Linale. This task was given to Monsignor Annibale Ilari, who had access to the Vatican Archives. In his written report to the Cardinal Prefect, dated 8/2/83, Ilari ended with the conclusion:
The Old Catholic Church of British Columbia (OCCBC) was, , a probationary member of the ; the 's orders are derived from Mathew, 
An investigation by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Quebec, in a public apology made for having maligned Fr. Claude Lacroix, asserted the validity of the 's holy orders, "Father Lacroix is actually a validly ordained priest" and "Similarly, certificates of baptism given out by the Old Catholic Church of B.C. may be accepted for the inscription of children to First Communion and Confirmation program".
In 2002, Cardinal Édouard Gagnon investigated the documentation of Bishop André Letellier's episcopal orders and consecration.
Letellier was consecrated on 23 May 1968 by Archbishop André Leon Zotique Barbeau of the Catholic Charismatic Church of Canada. Gagnon commented, 
Despite critics, there is incontrovertible evidence that the apostolic succession of Mathew originating from the , has been consistently considered "valid" by Vatican officials and Roman Catholic canon lawyers and theologians, irrespective of the excommunication of Mathew by Pius X.
But In all above cases too, only the Pontificale Romanum has been used for the Rite of Consecration, other liturgies are not therefore affirmed. It certainly cannot be assumed that the arguments and affirmations detailed here are in any way applicable "across the board" to other groups "outside" the Old Roman Catholic tradition, most especially those whose teachings are not consistent with orthodox and conservative Catholic doctrine.
Similarly, though the canonical principles above may be applied to other scenarios, the conclusions rely inherently on orthodox Catholic praxis and would not apply to those demonstrably apostate or heretical by comparison to traditional Catholic doctrine.
It is generally suggested that Roman Catholics may fulfill their Holy Day of Obligation by attending Mass celebrated by an Old Roman Catholic priest if unable to attend a Roman Catholic Mass. The teaches in "Dominus Iesus" that, The further teaches that, 

</doc>
<doc id="18949308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949308" title="Shamordino Convent">
Shamordino Convent

The stauropegial Convent of St. Ambrose and Our Lady of Kazan (Казанская Амвросиевская ставропигиальная женская пустынь, Kazanskaya Amvrosiyevskaya stavropigial'naya zhenskaya pustyn') is a Russian Orthodox convent in the village of Shamordino, Kaluga Oblast, Russia. It was founded near the village of Shamordino in 1884 with the blessing of Saint Ambrose of Optina. It is located on the Seryona River, from Optina Monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="18949316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949316" title="ACCU (organisation)">
ACCU (organisation)

ACCU, previously known as "Association of C and C++ Users", is a non-profit, user group of people interested in software development, dedicated to raising the standard of computer programming. The ACCU publishes two journals and organizes an annual conference.
History.
ACCU was formed in 1987 by Martin Houston. The original name of the organisation was "C Users' Group (UK)" and this remained the formal name of the organisation until 2011, although it adopted the public name "Association of C and C++ Users" for the period 1993-2003, and adopted the shorter form "ACCU" from 2003 onward. 
As the formal name suggests, the organisation was originally created for people in the United Kingdom. However, the membership is worldwide, predominantly European and North American, but also with members from central and southern America, Australasia, Africa and Asia.
Originally, the voluntary association was mainly for C programmers, but it has expanded over time to include all programming languages, especially C++, C#, Java, Perl and Python.
Publications.
The ACCU currently publishes two journals:
Other journals have been published by ACCU in the past. Accent was the news letter of the Silicon Valley chapter and CAUGers was the news letter of the Acorn special interest group. Overload was originally the journal of ACCU's C++ special interest group, but is no longer language-specific.
Local groups.
The Silicon Valley chapter organized local meetings in San Jose. Local groups were formed in London, Bristol & Bath, Oxford, Cambridge, North East England, Southern England and Zurich.
Conference.
The ACCU is operated by a volunteer committee, elected at an Annual General Meeting during the
annual conference each Spring which from 1997 to 2012 took place in Oxford, and for the first time in Bristol in 2013.
It attracts speakers from the computing communit including David Abrahams, Andrei Alexandrescu, Ross J. Anderson, James Coplien, Tom Gilb, Kevlin Henney, Andrew Koenig, Simon Peyton-Jones, Eric S. Raymond, Guido van Rossum, Greg Stein, Bjarne Stroustrup (the designer and original implementor of C++), Herb Sutter and Daveed Vandevoorde.
The UK Python Conference, for the Python programming language, originally started out as a track at the ACCU conference.
Standardisation.
ACCU supports the standardisation process for computer programming languages. ACCU provided financial sponsorship of meetings in the UK for both the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) C programming language working group and the ISO C++ working groups and helped finance travel to ECMA meetings in mainland Europe.
Mailing lists.
The ACCU operates mailing lists, some of which are also open to non-members. These lists allow for general programming-orientated discussions, but also for mentored discussions.
Mentored groups have included Effective C++, Python, software patterns, functional programming and XML. They are often based around study of a book.

</doc>
<doc id="18949322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949322" title="Lai Sheng-Jung">
Lai Sheng-Jung

Lai Sheng-Jung () is a Taiwanese softball player. She carried Chinese Taipei's Olympic Flag at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18949326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949326" title="1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Women's 200 metre freestyle">
1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Women's 200 metre freestyle

These are the official results of the Women's 200 metres Freestyle event at the 1993 FINA Short Course World Championships held in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18949328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949328" title="Augustus (honorific)">
Augustus (honorific)

Augustus (plural augusti), ;
, Latin for "majestic," "the increaser," or "venerable", was an ancient Roman title given as both name and title to Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus (often referred to simply as Augustus), Rome's first Emperor. On his death, it became an official title of his successor, and was so used by Roman emperors thereafter. The feminine form, Augusta was used for Roman empresses and other females of the Imperial family. The masculine and feminine forms originated in the time of the Roman Republic, in connection with things considered divine or sacred in traditional Roman religion. Their use as titles for major and minor Roman deities of the Empire associated the Imperial system and Imperial family with traditional Roman virtues and the divine will, and may be considered a feature of the Roman Imperial cult. 
In Rome's Greek-speaking provinces, "Augustus" was translated as "sebastos" (σεβαστός, "venerable"), or hellenised as "augoustos" (). After the fall of the Roman Empire, Augustus was sometimes used as a name for men of aristocratic birth, especially in the lands of the Holy Roman Empire. It remains a given name for males.
Augustus.
Earliest usage.
Some thirty years before its first association with Caesar's heir, "augustus" was an obscure honorific with religious associations. One early context (58 BC), associates it with provincial Lares (Roman household gods). In poetry and prose it was the "elevation" or "augmentation" of what is already sacred or religious. Some Roman sources connected it to augury, and Rome was said to have been founded with the "august augury" of Romulus.
As Imperial name or title.
The first human being known as "augustus" (and first counted as a Roman Emperor) was Gaius Julius Caesar Octavianus (Octavian) He was the adopted son and heir of Julius Caesar, who had been murdered for his seeming aspiration to divine monarchy, then subsequently and officially deified. Octavian studiously avoided any association with Caesar's claims, other than acknowledging his position and duties as Divi filius, "son of the deified one". Nevertheless, his position was unique, and extraordinary. He had ended Rome's prolonged and bloody civil war with his victory at Actium, and established a lasting peace; he was self-evidently favoured by the gods. As "princeps senatus" ("first man or head of the senate") he presided at senatorial meetings. He was "pontifex maximus", chief priest of Roman state religion. He held consular "imperium", with authority equal to the official chief executive; he was supreme commander of all Roman legions); and held "tribunicia potestas" ("tribunician power"). As a tribune, his person was inviolable ("sacrosanctitas") and he had to right to veto any act or proposal by any magistrate within Rome. He was officially renamed "Augustus" by the Roman Senate on January 16, 27 BC – or perhaps the Senate ratified his own careful choice; "Romulus" had been considered, and rejected. So his official renaming in a form vaguely associated with a traditionally Republican religiosity, but unprecedented as a cognomen, may have served to show that he owed his position to the approval of Rome and its gods, and possibly his own unique, elevated, "godlike" nature and talents. His full and official title was "Imperator Caesar Divi Filius Augustus". 
Augustus' religious reforms extended or affirmed "augusti" as a near ubiquitous title or honour for various minor local deities, including the "Lares Augusti" of local communities, and obscure provincial deities such as the North African "Marazgu Augustus". This extension of an Imperial honorific to major and minor deities of Rome and her provinces is considered a ground-level feature of Imperial cult. It continued until the official replacement of Rome's traditional religions by Christianity. 
The title or name of Augustus was adopted by his successors, who held the name during their own lifetimes by virtue of their status, offices and powers. This included the Christian emperors. Most emperors also used "imperator" but others could and did bear the same title and functions. "Caesar" was used as a title, but was also the name of a clan within the Julian line.
Augusta.
Augusta was the female equivalent of Augustus, and had similar origins as an obscure descriptor with vaguely religious overtones. It was bestowed on some women of the Imperial dynasties, as an indicator of worldly power and influence, and a status near to divinity. There was no qualification with higher prestige. The title or honorific was shared by state goddesses associated with the Imperial regime's generosity and provision, such as Ceres, Bona Dea, Juno, Minerva, and Ops, and by local or minor goddesses around the empire. Other personifications perceived as essentially female and given the title Augusta include "Pax" (peace) and "Victoria" (victory). 
The first woman to receive the honorific Augusta was Livia Drusilla, by the last will of her husband Augustus. From his death (14 AD) she was known as Julia Augusta, until her own death in AD 29.
Division of Empire.
Under Tetrarchy, the empire was divided into Eastern and Western halves. Each was ruled by a senior emperor, with the rank of "augustus", and a junior emperor, who ranked below him as a caesar. The Imperial titles of "imperator", "caesar", and "augustus" were respectively rendered in Greek as "autokratōr", "kaisar", and "augoustos" (or "sebastos"). The Greek titles were used in the Byzantine Empire until its extinction in 1453, although ""sebastos"" lost its imperial exclusivity and "autokratōr" became the exclusive title of the Byzantine Emperor.
The last Roman Emperor to rule in the West, Romulus Augustus became known as "Augustulus" ("little Augustus"), due to the unimportance of his reign.
Legacy.
The Latin title of the Holy Roman Emperor was usually ""Imperator Augustus"", which conveys the modern understanding of "emperor" as monarch of an empire. Augustus remains in use as a given name.

</doc>
<doc id="18949329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949329" title="Se hace por los suenos asesinos">
Se hace por los suenos asesinos

Se hace por los suenos asesinos is the third full-length studio album by Japanese doom metal band Corrupted. It was released on January 17, 2004 on vinyl limited to 1000 copies, and again on April 16, 2004 on limited-edition CD.
The title is Spanish for "It Is Done for Assassin Dreams", although the technical Spanish translation for "dreams" is "sueños", not "suenos"; the tilde was left off the title.

</doc>
<doc id="18949335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949335" title="European anchovy">
European anchovy

The European anchovy ("Engraulis encrasicolus") is a forage fish somewhat related to the herring. Anchovies are placed in the family Engraulidae.
It is easily distinguished by its deeply cleft mouth, the angle of the gape being behind the eyes. The pointed snout extends beyond the lower jaw. The fish resembles a sprat in having a forked tail and a single dorsal fin, but the body is round and slender. The maximum length is 8 1/8 in (205 mm).
Distribution.
European anchovies are abundant in the Mediterranean and formerly also the Black and Azov seas (see below). They are regularly caught on the coasts of Bulgaria, Croatia, France, Georgia, Greece, Italy, Romania, Russia, Spain, Turkey and Ukraine. The range of the species also extends along the Atlantic coast of Europe to the south of Norway. In winter it is common off Devon and Cornwall (United Kingdom), but has not hitherto been caught in such numbers as to be of commercial importance.
Zuiderzee and English Channel.
Formerly they were caught in large numbers off the coast of the Netherlands in summer when they entered the Wadden Sea and Zuiderzee. After the closing of the Zuiderzee they were still found in the Wadden Sea until the 1960s. They were also caught in the estuary of the Scheldt.
There is reason to believe that anchovies at the western end of the English Channel in November and December migrate from the Zuiderzee and the Scheldt in the autumn, returning there the following spring. They were believed to be an isolated population, for none come from the south in summer to occupy the English Channel, though the species does exist off the coast of Portugal. The explanation appears to be that in summer, the shallow and landlocked waters of the Zuiderzee and the sea off the Dutch coast get warmer than the coastal waters off Britain, so anchovies can spawn and maintain their numbers in warmer Dutch waters better.
Dutch naturalists on the shores of the Zuiderzee first described their reproduction and development. Spawning takes place in June and July. The eggs are buoyant and transparent like most fish eggs, but are unusual in being sausage-shaped, instead of globular. They resemble sprat and pilchard eggs in having a segmented yolk and no oil globule. Larvæ hatch two or three days after fertilization, and are minute and transparent. In August young specimens, c. 1½ to 3½ in (40 to 90 mm) in length, are found in the Zuiderzee, and these must derive from the previous summer's spawning.
There is no evidence to decide the question whether all the young anchovies as well as the adults leave the Zuiderzee in autumn, but, considering the winter temperature there, it is probable that they do. Eggs have also been found in the Bay of Naples, near Marseilles, off the coast of the Netherlands, and once at least off the coast of Lancashire. The occurrence of anchovies in the English Channel has been carefully studied at the Marine Biological Association Laboratory in Plymouth. They were most abundant in 1889 and 1890. In the former year considerable numbers were taken off Dover in drift nets of small mesh used for the capture of sprats. In the following December large numbers were taken together with sprats at Torquay. In November 1890 a thousand of the fish were obtained in two days from the pilchard boats fishing near Plymouth; these were caught near the Eddystone.
Black Sea and Azov Sea.
In areas around the Black Sea, the European anchovy is called "gávros" in Greek, "hamsie" in Romanian, "ქაფშია" ("Kapshia") or "ქაფშა" ("Kapsha") in Georgian, "hamsi" in Turkish, "hapsi" in Pontic dialect of Turkish, "hapsia" (a "biteful") in Pontic Greek, Hapchia in Laz, "хамсия" ("hamsiya") in Bulgarian, and "хамса" ("hamsa") in Russian and Ukrainian. Its Ancient Greek name was ἀφύη, "aphýē", later Latinized into "apiuva", hence the standard Italian "acciuga" through the Genoese dialectal "anciúa". Modern Greek also uses "antsúya", a variant of the Genoese form, for processed -as opposed to the fresh ""gávros""- anchovy products.
Black Sea adult anchovies can reach around 12–15 cm. In the summer, "hamsi" migrates north to warm shallow waters of the Azov Sea to feed and breed, returning to the deep for the winter by migrating through the Strait of Kerch. During migration the fish moves in huge schools, and are actively hunted by gulls and dolphins. "Hamsi" makes up a considerable part of fishing and fish processing industries, either canned or frozen. In Turkey, it is the staple food of the local Black sea cuisine, widely used in pan dishes, baked goods, even as dessert. In Bulgaria "hamsiya" is traditionally fried and served in cheap fast-food restaurants along the shore, typically with beer. Since the 1990s the dominant position of fried "hamsiya" is fading but still popular.
Anchovy populations in the Mediterranean were severely depleted in the 1980s by the invasive comb jelly "Mnemiopsis leidyi" which eats the eggs and young, they have since stabilized albeit at a much lower level.

</doc>
<doc id="18949338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949338" title="Ferdinand II Hohenstein">
Ferdinand II Hohenstein

Ferdinand II von und zu Hohenstein (1681/1682 - 6 April 1706) was the last of the Silesian Piasts. The last ruling Duke of Silesia of the later referred to as Silesian Piasts, was George William, Duke of Liegnitz-Brieg and Wehlau. 
Ferdinand II was the grand-grandson of Adam Wenceslaus, Duke of Cieszyn. Son of Ferdinand I Hohenstein and Anna Joanna Closen von Haidenburg, he suffered from epilepsy and died before having any offspring.

</doc>
<doc id="18949347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949347" title="Ankh-Morpork">
Ankh-Morpork

Ankh-Morpork is a fictional city-state which features prominently in Terry Pratchett's "Discworld" fantasy novels. At first glance the world may seem to be written in medieval fantasy style, however Ankh-Morpork is very much the parody of a modern, multi-cultural metropolis. It may bring to mind London or New York City, several centuries mixed into one, with elements of renaissance Florence (compare the ultra-rational dictator Lord Vetinari who certainly has read or even written himself the Discworld-equivalent of Macchiavelli's "Il Principe"). Pratchett describes this biggest city of "Discworld" as on the far side of corrupt and polluted, and as subject to outbreaks of comedic violence and brouhaha on a fairly regular basis. Ankh-Morpork is also the mercantile capital of the Discworld. As the series proceeds, Ankh-Morpork is more and more portrayed as multi-cultural (which in this case means multi-species, with increasingly prominent populations of creatures such as dwarfs, trolls, and werewolves) and struggling with modern real-world challenges. Even when it is under attack from a dragon, the vegetable carts still have to come in.
In "The Art of Discworld" Pratchett explains that the city is similar to Tallinn and central Prague, but adds that it has elements of 18th century London, 19th century Seattle and modern New York City. He also states that since the creation of The Streets of Ankh-Morpork, he has tried to ensure that the descriptions of character movements and locations in the books match the Ankh-Morpork map; this has allowed him, and fans of the series, to visualise the story more clearly. Ankh-Morpork is also referred to as "The Great Big Wahoonie" on occasions, alluding to "The Great Wen" (London), or to "The Big Apple" (New York). It is stated in the novel 'Moving Pictures' that "There's a saying that all roads lead to Ankh-Morpork. And it's wrong. All roads lead away from Ankh-Morpork, but sometimes people walk along them the wrong way". There are also strong parallels with the political structure, economy, social structure, topography and history of the city-state Florence during the Renaissance.
Geography.
Ankh-Morpork lies on the River Ankh (the most polluted waterway on the Discworld and reputedly solid enough to walk on), where the fertile loam of the Sto Plains (similar to Western Europe) meets the Circle Sea (the Discworld's version of the Mediterranean). This, naturally, puts it in an excellent trading position.
Lying approximately equidistant from the cold Hub and tropical Rim, Ankh-Morpork is in the Discworld's equivalent of the temperate zone.
The name "Ankh-Morpork" refers to both the city itself, a walled city about a mile (1.6 km) across, and the surrounding suburbs and farms of its fiefdom.
The central city divides more or less into the more affluent Ankh and the poorer Morpork which includes the slum-like "Shades", which are separated by the River Ankh.
Ankh-Morpork is built on black loam, broadly, but is mostly built on itself; pragmatic citizens simply built on top of the existing buildings when the sediment grew too high as the river flooded, rather than excavate them out. There are many unknown basements, including an entire "cave network" below Ankh-Morpork made up of old streets and abandoned sewers (it has been continuously stated that anyone with a pickaxe and a good sense of direction could reach anywhere in Ankh-Morpork by knocking walls down in a straight line). Recently, the underground regions have been extended by the city's dwarf population to get around unimpeded. It has recently been made municipal property.
Ankh-Morpork is also the city with the most dwarfs on the whole disc outside of Überwald, largely considered the dwarfen homeland, with over 50,000 dwarfs living there ("The Truth", "The Fifth Elephant").
The River Ankh.
The Ankh parodies the Thames during the 18th and 19th century, as both were unhealthy and polluted. Such parody is also evident in maps of Ankh-Morpork, which clearly show the River Ankh with the famous Thames meander around London's Isle Of Dogs. The naming of the river is an ironic pun, as the word 'Ankh' (☥) is the Ancient Egyptian symbol for life - therefore it is the River of Life, the antithesis of its actual appearance.
Even before it enters Ankh-Morpork, the River Ankh is full of silt from the plains; by the time it gets to the seaward side of the city, "even an agnostic could walk across it" (although in "The Truth", Arnold Sideways plays it safe by distributing his weight over boards).
The citizens of the city are strangely proud of this fact, even going so far as to say that "it is easier to suffocate than drown in the Ankh." They also claim it to be the purest water on the Disc, as "Anything that's passed through so many kidneys has to be very pure indeed." (A reference to the saying that London tap-water is allegedly filtered by seven sets of kidneys). Owing to the build-up of centuries, the bed of the river is higher than some parts of the city. When winter snows swell the flow, the low-rent areas of Morpork flood. In spring some parts of the river catch fire, others sprout small trees and also the spray of the Ankh turns into a shade of green. Wading birds are apparently uncommon, as their legs would be eaten away by the pollution. Such fish as are known to exist are described as looking like vacuum cleaners, and explode when brought to clean water. There are a lot of microorganisms living in the river, which Mustrum Ridcully believed was proof that the water was safe to drink - as anything capable of supporting that much life had to be healthy.
The river has also prevented barbarian invasion, as "any invasion fleet would have to be preceded by a gang of men wielding shovels." A magic horn in the Patrician's Palace is said to blow itself in warning. When the city catches fire, the river gates are closed, and the river rises and smothers the flames. This also destroys any buildings hitherto unburned.
In both "Men At Arms" and the computer game "Discworld Noir", the Ankh is described as "the only river in the world on which you could draw a chalk outline".
History.
According to legend, the first city of Ankh-Morpork was founded thousands of years ago by twin brothers who were raised by a hippopotamus (an allusion to the myth of Romulus and Remus, with a hippo replacing the original wolf). It is in memory of this that the hippo is the royal animal of Ankh. One legend has it that if danger ever threatens the city, the eight stone hippopotami guarding the Brass Bridge will come to life and run away. Another legend claims that many centuries ago, the Disc flooded. An ark was constructed, containing two of every animal. When the accumulated dung of forty days and nights was dropped over the side, they called it Ankh-Morpork.
The original city was little more than a walled keep, surrounding the Tower of Art, a building of mysterious origin which may even predate the Disc itself.
At one point it had an empire, similar to the Roman Empire, that covered half the continent including the neighbouring country of Klatch. These were the days of the "Pax Morporkia," another reference to Rome and their Pax Romana.
The empire was largely the creation of General Tacticus (a pun on both "tactics" and the name of the real-world historian Tacitus), the greatest military mind in history. Tacticus refused to accept that the Empire was growing too big to control, and was finally shipped off to be king of Genua. As king he decided that the greatest threat to Genua was the Empire, and declared war on it (a probable reference to Jean Baptiste Jules Bernadotte, who served under the Emperor Napoleon but later, as King of Sweden, allied with France's enemies, and other similar episodes in history).
This was a Golden Age, ruled by the Kings of Ankh, who are recalled in legend as wise, noble and fair. The line died out approximately 2000 years before the present, giving way to real kings who were realistically corrupt and perverse and ultimately leading to the collapse of the empire. (This could be seen as a parody of the fictional city of Minas Tirith, which also had a "Golden Age" many years before, with Kings who were remembered as being noble and wise.) 
Shortly before this, however, the mage Alberto Malich had founded Unseen University (UU) in the Tower of Art, and Ankh-Morpork continued as a service town for the wizards.
Royalty became extremely debased and the later kings of Ankh-Morpork are recalled in history as power-mad and corrupt, or just mad; some are mentioned by name in "Men at Arms":
The last and worst - the euphemistically remembered Lorenzo the Kind (the full extent of whose infamy is not explicitly revealed, save that he was said to be "very fond of children", possessed "secret rooms" from which "bits" had to be cleaned, and had in his dungeons "machines for . . .") - was overthrown in the Ankh-Morpork Civil War of 1688 (dating from the founding of UU). The question of what to do with the deposed king (no judge would try him) was settled when he was executed by the then Commander of the City Watch, Suffer-Not-Injustice Vimes. Known as "Old Stoneface," his regicide resulted in his being banned from bearing arms (These events parallel the English Civil War of the 1640s, and the execution of Charles I by Oliver Cromwell). Afterwards "Old Stoneface" (an ancestor of the current City Watch Commander Samuel Vimes and a play on Cromwell's nickname "Old Ironside") and his Ironheads (a play on "Ironsides" and "Roundheads") attempted to introduce democracy, but the people voted against it. After "Old Stoneface" himself was overthrown, Ankh-Morpork reverted to a non-hereditary oligarchic system, where the leaders are still ruthless tyrants, but don't have the audacity to invoke divine right. It is, however, rumoured that the royal blood line of the Kings of Ankh has not in fact died out but instead continued, and that the true king, Carrot Ironfoundersson, walks the streets of the city on a nightly basis. The Patrician rules the city, and operates a specialised form of "One Man, One Vote" democracy: the Patrician is the Man, and he has the Vote.
Past Patricians, many of them oppressive despots and fairly often mad, would include:
The reign of Winder was marked by a greater-than-norm amount of oppression and political violence, as detailed in "Night Watch", causing a popular revolt centred in Treacle Mine Road. The City Guilds had him assassinated and replaced with Lord Snapcase, who himself turned out to be a greater tyrant and was eventually replaced with Havelock Vetinari.
When Vetinari inherited the city, it was a corrupt, crumbling medieval city, as shown in "The Colour of Magic". This was gradually turned around, first with an overhaul of the Guild system - such as legalising the Guild of Thieves and leaving them responsible for stopping 'unlicensed' thefts (e.g., any non-Guild thief is not permitted to operate in the city) - and then by opening the city to immigration. dwarfs, trolls, gnomes, humans from across the Disc, and even the undead emigrated in large numbers, making Ankh-Morpork a truly multicultural society, with both the advantages and problems that suggests. (The current Patrician's own, typically pragmatic, view on multiculturalism is "Alloys are stronger.") With the new stability and skill base, the city has become the mercantile and political capital of the Discworld, so much so that the Sto Plains operates under a new Pax Morporkia, which operates not on the principle of "If you fight, we will kill you," but on the principle of "If you fight, we will call in your mortgages."
Mime artists are strictly forbidden. Anyone caught practising the art is hung upside-down in a scorpion pit, upon the walls of which is written: "Learn the words." This is the only overt sign of tyranny under Vetinari.
Ankh-Morpork has evolved in the series. While it still has corruption (mostly organised in guilds), it is far from crumbling by "Going Postal" and has become a high-tech (for the Disc) city-state bordering on almost steampunk levels of technology. The city is indeed the 2nd most developed nation of the disc after the Agatean Empire.
Ankh-Morpork has seen the appearance of
Crime is kept in check by the Watch and the guilds, mainly the Thieves' Guild; in the novel "Jingo" a character casually notes the Thieves' Guild weathervane is an actual unofficial and currently deceased thief. Lord Vetinari has a firm grip on the city (or seems to). The wizards of UU no longer murder each other intentionally. The city is now a highly advanced metropolis rather than the fading, broken-down city of "The Colour of Magic". It is implied that the Axle discovered in "Thud!" will revolutionise both municipal transportation (with many references which parallel the London Underground including the minesign symbol for a mine) and machinery, and Moist von Lipwig's invention of the banknote in "Making Money".
Politics.
City Leadership.
The succession of the Patrician occurs normally by either assassination or revolution. Patricians have been known to resign, but this is very much the exception.
Power is, to some degree, shared with the many Guilds (see above) and the surviving nobility. They form a sort of advisory city council, but the Patrician has the only vote at meetings. This may be the same as the "council of aldermen" referred to briefly in "Sourcery", and called the city council in "Guards Guards", but never mentioned since.
The current office-holder is the Medici-inspired Lord Havelock Vetinari, a former student at the Assassins' Guild.
The nearest surviving relative of the former royal family seems to be Captain Carrot Ironfoundersson, technically a human, but fundamentally a dwarf (or vice-versa depending on point-of-view). However, he has gone to some effort to keep his royal connections as quiet as possible. The origin of Corporal Cecil Wormsborough St. John (Nobby) Nobbs remains shrouded in mystery. At one point he was identified as being a descendant of de Nobbes, the Earl of Ankh (and therefore the next in line), but this was (probably) a deliberate deception.
The Patrician has almost absolute power over the affairs of the city and works together with the leaders of the city's Guilds, who elect him through the Guild Council, as shown in "The Truth". In an analogy of Renaissance Florence, Ankh-Morpork is an oligarchy. Eligible for election are members of rich and influential families.
Vetinari appears rather more permanent than most patricians, largely due to his Machiavellian ("for a given value of Machiavelli", according to Terry Pratchett) machinations. He has arranged the politics of the city in such a way that to remove him from office would cause chaos among the Guilds and nobility. He firmly believes that what people really want is stability, and that is what he provides.
Current "important" city figures.
Although Vetinari is the absolute leader of the city, he has been able to give some people the illusion that they have some power:
It should be pointed out that traditionally the relationship between the city and Unseen University is one of mutual cooperation, in which it is stated that the University agrees to do anything asked of them and the city promises to never ask, and it is possibly the only place where the Patrician's influence is reduced. For example, the city has never taxed the university ("A Collegiate Casting-Out of Devilish Devices"). According to "Interesting Times", the Patrician can, in theory, have the Archchancellor summoned and, indeed, have him executed; however, the Archchancellor could turn the Patrician into a small reptile and, indeed, start bouncing around the room on a pogo stick.
Institutions.
The primary engines of Ankh-Morpork's economy are the guilds. There are hundreds of guilds, for every conceivable profession, from clowns to butchers, and each has its own strictly maintained laws and trading practices. Many guilds have assumed roles which in real-world cities would be assumed by government agencies.
Education.
As Ankh-Morpork does not appear to have anything approaching a state education system, the primary means of education is the vocational training imparted by the guilds to their young members. Foundlings are, for instance, often dropped at the doorsteps of guilds in the hopes of their learning a useful trade. The Assassins' Guild is considered the top educational establishment on the Disc and, whether one intends to be an assassin or not, is considered the school of choice for young aristocrats such as the future Lord Vetinari. It is possible to attend the Assassins' Guild simply for the learning and not the slaying; though many of course choose to do both. Many children from poorer backgrounds are educated at dame schools, similar to the institutions in Victorian England of the same name; Sideney (in Hogfather) and Samuel Vimes (in Thud!) were educated at dame schools. Others attend boarding schools outside Ankh-Morpork, such as the Quirm College for Young Ladies. A Teachers' Guild exists, but appears to be of low status—in "Guards! Guards!" Vimes' seating position in the coronation scene is described as "in the lowest tier…between the Master of the Fellowship of Beggars and the head of the Teachers' Guild". This is most probably a joke based on the international belief that teachers are lowly ranked and paid.
Ankh-Morpork's main institution of higher education is Unseen University, the principal school of wizardry on the Disc.
Law Enforcement.
The laws and protections offered by the guilds are the city's main form of personal security. The most obvious example of this is the Thieves' Guild, which, by regulating the crime trade, acts as the city's main law enforcement agency; however, many of the guilds also have private enforcers, such as the Agony Aunts for the Seamstresses' Guild and the Bloody Fools for the Fools' Guild.
At its most basic level, law in Ankh-Morpork operates on the principle that a grocer is free to mix soil in his coffee, and also to be vivisected by any customer who happens to find out. Other than that, options are slim. In cases of personal grievance, one might make an appeal to the Guild of Lawyers, providing, of course, one is wealthy enough to pay (The Lawyers' Guild consider this a very reasonable arrangement, as the poor are inveterately criminal anyway). Barring that, the only course of action in criminal cases is a direct appeal to the Patrician, which frequently works, as he sees such a result as highly instructive.
Despite evidence to the contrary, murder is not a commonplace occurrence in Ankh-Morpork; there are, of course, assassinations, but as these are guild sanctioned they are not deemed to be against the law. Ankh-Morpork does, however, have an extraordinarily high suicide rate, due mainly to the city's view on what constitutes suicide. For example, walking alone through the night-time alleyways of the Shades is suicide, as is asking for a short in a dwarf bar. It is very easy to commit suicide in Ankh-Morpork if you are not careful.
Outside the guilds, most law enforcement is undertaken by the Watch, under the leadership of Sam Vimes.
Government revival.
Recently, Lord Vetinari has begun to reassert the power of the state by reintroducing formerly decrepit government agencies such as the City Watch, the Post Office, and most recently, the Royal Mint.
City Watch.
The City Watch is one of the greatest success stories. In the beginning, it consisted of the Day Watch, popinjays headed by Captain "Mayonnaise" Quirke (rich, thick, oily, and smelling slightly of eggs) and the Night Watch, three unemployable men; then-Captain Vimes, who was a drunk, Sergeant Colon, whose idea of major crime would be the theft of a bridge and Corporal Nobbs, who has a certificate to prove that he's human. The addition of Lance-Constable Carrot was the catalyst for their reformation over the course of the novel Guards! Guards! Over the course of time, the Watch has grown under the leadership of Commander Samuel Vimes to the most modern police force on the Disc. Which still employs the three men in question.
Post Office.
The Ankh-Morpork Post Office, which was once a vibrant, relevant institution complete with gleaming wooden counters and polished brass, staffed by postmen in spiffy blue uniforms, languished and almost died, according to Mr Tolliver Groat (Junior Postman, later Senior Postman and Postal Inspector), when postmen began to leave half a sack of post behind in order to get home on time. The next day they left another half sack, reasoning they could do it on their day off, by which point too much mail had built up and so much was still left behind. However this was only a minor part of the problem.
The amount of undelivered mail was dramatically increased by the Sorting Engine, created by Bloody Stupid Johnson. This machine was intended to speed up postal delivery, but instead began to produce mail, first from the future (which was fine, because that was seen as really improving delivery times) and then from alternate universes. The reason for this was that Johnson disapproved of pi, and had therefore based the engine around a non-Euclidean wheel, on which the radius divided into the circumference exactly three times, thereby creating an area of dimensional instability. It was impossible to deliver all the letters, and most of them "couldn't" be delivered, as they hadn't been sent in this universe.
The Post Office was reduced to a massive building crammed floor to ceiling with undelivered letters and staffed solely by geriatric Junior Postman Groat, along with his pin-collecting companion Stanley. By the time of "Going Postal" it had long been forgotten, the building daubed with graffiti, the mail coaches appropriated for passenger travel by the coachmen and its services rendered apparently useless by the Grand Trunk Semaphore Company. Lord Vetinari then appointed Moist von Lipwig, a former con-man, to restore the Post Office as a means of curtailing the power of the Grand Trunk Semaphore Company. With Lipwig as Postmaster-General, the Post Office was restored to something approaching its former glory. Lipwig invented the postage stamp, giving a new hobby to young men like Stanley who were formerly obsessed with pin collecting. With the craze of variously priced, flavoured stamps taking off, Lipwig went on to restore mail coach services to such towns as Sto Lat and Genua. As the clacks lines became less reliable, the Post Office became stiff competition for semaphore. Ultimately, Lipwig succeeded in bringing down Reacher Gilt, chairman of the Grand Trunk Semaphore Company, by using a well placed lie and thus restored the Post Office's supremacy in delivering Morporkian messages. Lord Vetinari then handed the Grand Trunk company over to Moist, who planned to give it back to the Dearheart family, from whom it was unjustly taken.
The motto of the Ankh-Morpork Post Office is displayed on the front of the building, and for some years read "NEITHER RAIN NOR SNOW NOR GL OM OF NI T CAN STAY THESE MES ENGERS ABO T THEIR DUTY." Following Mr Lipwig's appointment, the missing letters were located on and, by the use of a promise not to bring any charges and the use of no violence at all by an golem wielding a huge crowbar, recovered from the frontage of the hairdresser's 'HUGOS', allowing the motto to be restored to its correct spelling. By a strange coincidence, the motto is very similar to the motto of another Post Office in the Multiverse. During the Post Office's decline, a list of things that would, in fact, stay these messengers, was displayed on a notice board below the motto. The most notable is Mrs. Cake, listed twice. Mrs. Cake is not to be asked about.
Currency.
The AM$ (Ankh-Morpork dollar) is equal to 100 pennies (pence). Under Ankh-Morporkian tradition, ten pence can be referred to as a shilling, twenty-five pence as half a ton, and fifty pence as a nob/a ton/half a bar/a knocker.
The AM$ is reputedly the hardest currency outside of the Agatean Empire. A dollar coin is Sequin (coin) sized, and although theoretically made of gold the metal has been adulterated so many times that, according to The Discworld Companion:
""There is more gold in an equivalent weight of seawater. In a sense, then, Ankh-Morpork is on the gold standard in all respects except the one of actually having any gold to speak of""
Ankh-Morpork being an extremely rich city state, the AM$ is the currency of choice amongst the lands around the Circle Sea; although other city states have their own currencies, they maintain strong links with the dollar, as Ankh-Morpork is the only place which has anything worth buying.
In "Making Money", Moist von Lipwig introduces paper currency and puts the city on the golem standard.
Notable locations.
Biers is a pub frequented by creatures of the night, usually lumped together as "undead", though they can include werewolves and bogeymen. Difficult to find, unless you happen to be "the right sort." It is often compared to Cheers but with the tagline "Where everybody knows your shape". Susan Sto Helit is a noted frequenter of Biers. The more typical clientele occasionally loudly demand to know what she thinks she's doing there. They seldom do so twice. The barman of Biers is named Igor, though he doesn't appear to be "an" Igor. It's best to eye what he serves carefully; as Pratchett noted in "Hogfather", "When Igor the barman was asked for a Bloody Mary, he didn't mix a metaphor." At some point in the past, the pub was known as The Crown and Axe; a nearly-blind old regular, Mrs. Gammage, still frequents the place, mistaking the undead staff and clientele for the previous inhabitants, none of them having the heart to gainsay her.
The Dwarf Bread Museum which, as its name suggests, is a building where certain articles of the (in)famous dwarf bread are kept; usually specimens of a cultural or historical importance. First mentioned in "Men at Arms"; more prominently featured in "The Fifth Elephant" as the building from which the Scone of Stone (a reference to the Stone of Scone) is stolen.
The Dysk, a theatre staging "usurper-killing-a-king dramas". A reference to the Globe Theatre.
The Mended Drum, formerly the Broken Drum (old motto: "You can't beat it") until it burned down in the city's first attempt at insurance fraud, is the city's principal inn. Located on Filigree Street, it is a rowdy, cloudy, crowded, smelly and utterly disreputable establishment, and therefore the ideal haunt for the Disc's plethora of heroes. It is a favourite watering hole for the students of Unseen University, and regular haunt of the Librarian. It is also a favoured locale for those wishing to discuss business of a clandestine nature. The Broken Drum is the setting for the first meeting between the central characters Rincewind and Twoflower in the first Discworld novel, Colour of Magic. When Ankh-Morpork became more civilized in the later books, The Mended Drum (new motto: "You can get beaten") was the last bastion of lawlessness although the bar fights have become a team sport, with teams getting points for performing classic brawling techniques. Limbs are still chopped off, but they are tattooed to ensure that Igor sews them back correctly. Curiously, this romantic disreputable place is what Twoflower sought naïvely in Colour of Magic.
The Shades, Ankh-Morpork's slum district, comprise the oldest region of the city. The moral equivalent of a black hole. A pretty nasty place, all told (a horse in the Shades is often called "lunch", and nothing is seen as more suspicious than fresh paint).
Cockbill Street, located in the Shades, is the poorest area of the city. Despite this, people on Cockbill Street are so proud that they refuse to acknowledge this, believing eating comes second to keeping up appearances and leading to the saying that what you mostly ate on Cockbill Street "was your pride". Samuel Vimes was raised here. The residents go through life trying mostly to go unnoticed, this is best evidenced by the fact that Captain Carrot, who otherwise is on first-name terms with the entire population of the city, does not know any of the residents, to Samuel Vimes' amazement.
The Isle of Gods, an area almost encircled by the river Ankh containing the Watch-house, the theatres, the prison and the publishers. A reference to the Isle of Dogs area of London.
Pseudopolis Yard, the headquarters of the City Watch. Owned by Lady Sybil Ramkin (later Lady Vimes) and donated by her when the Dragon-King burned down the Watch House. A reference to Scotland Yard.
Unseen University (UU) is in many ways the city's core. Centred around the 800-foot Tower of Art, the tallest building on the Disc, it serves as the Sto Plains' (and possibly the entire Discworld's) premier magic academy. The city originally grew out of the need to service and maintain the University. The Shades technically fall under its dominion, and much of its income is derived from rents there.
Civic symbols.
Morporkia.
Morporkia is a female personification of the city, or possibly only of Morpork. She wears a cabbage-spangled cloak and an old-fashioned helmet, carrying a shield with the civic coat of arms and a toasting-fork symbolising "something or other" (compare Britannia, Columbia, Marianne).
Hippopotami.
A pair of hippopotami are also symbols of the city, and flank its coat of arms. There are also statues of hippos on the Brass Bridge; it is said that should danger threaten the city, they will run away.
Anthem.
We Can Rule You Wholesale is the national anthem of Ankh-Morpork; it is a parody of the song 'Rule, Britannia!'. The use of 'ner ner ner' as official lyrics (see below) is also heavily reminiscent of the English football anthem, 'Vindaloo'.
It was not written by a native Ankh-Morporkian, but by the visiting vampire Count Henrik Shline von Überwald (born 1703, died 1782, also died 1784, 1788, 1791, 1802, 1804, 1807, 1808, 1821, 1830, 1861, finally staked 1872). His inspiration came from his observations that Ankh-Morpork's chief means of defence was not warfare but corruption, bribery and mercantile tactics, since most of the weapons used against the city were actually made there in the first place.
The anthem is particularly noteworthy for being the only one that has a second verse "officially" consisting of incoherent muttering. Count von Überwald had also observed that any group of people singing their country's national anthem never remembers how the second verse goes "anyway", so he decided to make things easier for Ankh-Morpork. The anthem's sentiments are of course summarised in the new Pax Morporkia: "If you fight, we'll call in your mortgages. And incidentally that's "my" pike you're pointing at me. "I" paid for that shield you're holding. And take my helmet off when you speak to me, you horrible little debtor."
On formal occasions, the anthem is supposed to be performed by a large soprano singer wearing a sheet and holding a torch in one hand and a fork in the other.
The lyrics of the anthem are as follows:
"When dragons belch and hippos flee
The final part of the anthem is usually sung much louder than the rest of the second verse, since the singers want to show they know the words...
The anthem was actually written in 1999 by Pratchett (words) and Carl Davis (music), for the BBC Radio 3 programme "The Music Machine". It was performed by the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra and the soprano was Claire Rutter. It was also performed at that year's Proms by the Prommers' Orchestra and Chorus. The anthem is sung before a football match in the 2009 novel "Unseen Academicals".
Real-world connections.
Ankh-Morpork was twinned with the town of Wincanton in Somerset, in the south-west United Kingdom on the spherical planet Earth (known in the Discworld books as Roundworld) on 7 December 2002. The town is home to a shop called "The Discworld Emporium".
However due to legal reasons, the twinning was not officially displayed on the road sign. Fans, however, added stick-on notices to some of the signs. This has now been changed and a new town sign prominently declaring the twinning with Ankh-Morpork and other Roundworld places has been erected. This sign was designed by the Cunning Artificer himself, Bernard Pearson (of the Discworld Emporium). Several streets in a new housing development in Wincanton have been named after Ankh-Morpork Streets, including Peach Pie Street and Treacle Mine Road.
The word "Morpork" is from a type of Australasian owl called the Morepork, which is depicted holding the Ankh on the coat of arms.
"" was published as a board game in 2011.
Fiction connections.
Many details of Ankh-Morpork appear to have been inspired by Fritz Leiber's fictional city Lankhmar (although Pratchett has said "I didn't -- at least consciously, I suppose I must say -- create Ankh-Morpork as a takeoff of Lankhmar"); John D. Rateliff notes that Leiber's characters "the Gray Mouser and Fafhrd guest-star in the very first Discworld story, "The Colour of Magic", under the pseudonyms of The Weasel and Bravd"
Many of Pratchett's books reference the game Dungeons & Dragons. Ankh-Morpork bears a strong resemblance to and may in part be based on Ankhapur Lake of Steam (sometimes called 'The City of Thieves') one of the primary cities in Dungeons & Dragons' Forgotten Realms campaign setting.

</doc>
<doc id="18949350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949350" title="Demographics of Antarctica">
Demographics of Antarctica

Antarctica has permanently and seasonally staffed research stations, field camps, and former whaling settlements. The largest of these, McMurdo Station, has a population (summer) of about 1200 residents. Approximately 29 nations, all signatory to the Antarctic Treaty, send personnel to perform seasonal (summer) and year-round research on the continent and in its surrounding oceans. The population of persons doing and supporting scientific research on the continent and its nearby islands south of 60 degrees south latitude (the region covered by the Antarctic Treaty) varies from approximately 4,000 in summer to 1,000 in winter; in addition, approximately 1,000 personnel including ship's crew and scientists doing onboard research are present in the waters of the treaty region.
At least ten children have been born in West Antarctica. The first was Emilio Marcos Palma, born on January 7, 1978 to Argentine parents at Esperanza, Hope Bay, near the tip of the Antarctic peninsula. In 1984, Juan Pablo Camacho was born at the Presidente Eduardo Frei Montalva Base, becoming the first Chilean born in Antarctica. Soon after, a girl, Gisella, was born at the same station. In 2001, "National Geographic" reported that eight children had been born at Esperanza alone.
Languages.
Antarctica has no spoken language of its own. The languages spoken there are the ones spoken by its visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="18949351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949351" title="Jeffrey Gramlich">
Jeffrey Gramlich

Jeffrey D. Gramlich is Professor of Accounting and L.L. Bean/Lee Surace Endowed Chair at the University of Southern Maine, and Guest Professor at Copenhagen Business School. He joined the University of Southern Maine in July 2003 after two years as visiting professor at the University of Michigan Ross School of Business and 13 years as a professor at the University of Hawaii College of Business Administration. He delivers decision-oriented courses in financial accounting and financial statement analysis and valuation. Gramlich organizes the L.L. Bean/Lee Surace Colloquium Series to serve as an interface between current research and Maine business practitioners and students. His research appears in "The Accounting Review", "Journal of Accounting and Economics", "Journal of Accounting Research", "Contemporary Accounting Research", "Accounting Horizons", "Journal of the American Taxation Association", "National Tax Journal", "Journal of Accountancy" and "Journal of Business Finance & Accounting", among others. Gramlich's most publicized research documented whistle-blowing assertions that Chevron, Texaco and the Government of Indonesia colluded to defraud U.S. federal and state governments of an estimated $9 billion in tax revenue. His 2008 ElectionTaxes site, co-produced with Quantrix, enabled potential voters the opportunity to see the personal effects of the tax proposals offered by presidential candidates McCain and Obama (and documented in Gramlich's Knol)--the calculator site generated national recognition and more than half a million unique visitors utilized the site to compare the effects of the candidates' proposals on their tax bills. 
Academic positions.
L.L. Bean/Lee Surace Professor of Accounting, University of Southern Maine, (2003-present). Serve as the initial occupant of the University’s first endowed chair. Hired to promote rigorous research, enhance the development of relationships between the University and the Maine business community, and deliver courses in financial statement analysis and financial accounting.
Guest Professor, Copenhagen Business School, Denmark (June 2006-July 2006; January 2006; June 2005-July 2005; January 2005-February 2005; June 2004-July 2004; June 2001-July 2001; May 1998-July 1999; May-July 1997; April-July 1996). Collaborated on research with Danish colleagues and taught financial accounting in the Full-Time MBA program, financial accounting and financial statement analysis in the B.Sc.-International Business program, and financial accounting in the Summer University
program.
Visiting Professor, University of Michigan Business School, (2001-2003). Instructed MBA and undergraduate courses in financial statement analysis and valuation and taught the MBA core financial accounting course.
Professor of Accountancy, Shidler College of Business, University of Hawaii - Manoa, (1994-2003). Promotion to Professor received in June 2000. Tenure and promotion to Associate Professor received in June 1994.
Visiting Associate Professor, Department of Accounting and Auditing, McCombs School of Business, University of Texas at Austin (1995-1996).
Taught corporate tax to fifth-year students of the graduate professional accounting program.
Teaching and Research Assistant, College of Business Administration, University of Missouri-Columbia, Columbia, Missouri, 1985-1988.
Lecturer, University of Maryland - European Division, Heidelberg, Germany, 1984-1985.
Lecturer, University of Maryland - Asian Division, Tokyo, Japan, 1983-1984.
Teaching Assistant, School of Accountancy, University of Denver, Denver, Colorado, 1980-1981.
Education.
Ph.D. in Accountancy, 1988, University of Missouri - Columbia, Columbia, Missouri
Certified Public Accountant (inactive). Passed all four parts of the May 1980 CPA exam and became licensed in Colorado in 1981.
M.Acc. (Master of Accountancy), 1981, University of Denver, Denver, Colorado
B.A. in Accounting, 1980, Western State College of Colorado, Gunnison, Colorado
Recent publications.
Published in refereed journals:
Gold, J., J. Gramlich and D. Kerr, “How the Dodd-Frank Act affects the standard of care required of broker/dealers,” Journal of Financial Services Professionals (2011), vol. 65(2), pp. 61-69.
Chene, D., J. Gold, and J. Gramlich, "The scope and practice of comprehensive financial planning: Survey results, current standards, and engagement letter recommendations," "Journal of Financial Service Professionals" (January 2010), pp. 47-59.
Fischer, P.E., J.D. Gramlich, B.P. Miller, and H.D. White, "Investor Perceptions of Board Performance: Evidence from Uncontested Director Elections," "Journal of Accounting and Economics" 48, 2-3 (December 2009), pp. 172-189.
Feng, M., J.D. Gramlich, and S. Gupta, "Special purpose vehicles: Empirical evidence on determinants and earnings management," "The Accounting Review" 84, 6 (November 2009), pp. 1833-1876.
Gupta, S., J. Moore, J. Gramlich, and M. A. Hofmann, "Empirical evidence on the revenue effects of state corporate income tax policies," "National Tax Journal" (2009), pp. 237-267.
Chene, D.G., J.D. Gramlich, and J. Sanders, "Is 2008 a Good Year to Elect Out of Installment Sale Accounting?" ""Journal of Accountancy" (September 2008).
Gramlich, J.D., W. Mayew, and M.L. McAnally, "Debt reclassification, earnings persistence, and capital market consequences," "Journal of Business, Finance & Accounting" (2006), pp. 1189-1212.
VanderLinden, D., and J.D. Gramlich, "Enhancing Risk-Controlled Returns on Excess Japanese Yen," "Managerial Finance" (2005), vol. 31, 10, pp. 35-47.
Gramlich, J.D., P. Limpaphayom, and S. G. Rhee, "Taxes, keiretsu affiliation, and income shifting," "Journal of Accounting and Economics" (2004), vol. 37, pp. 203-228.
Gramlich, J.D., and O. Sørensen, "Voluntary management earnings forecasts and discretionary accruals: Evidence from Danish IPOs," "European Accounting Review" (2004), vol. 13, 2, pp. 235-259.
Gramlich, J.D., and J.E. Wheeler, "How Chevron, Texaco and the Indonesian government structured transactions to save billions in U.S. income taxes," "Accounting Horizons" (June 2003), pp. 107-122.
Gabrielsen, G., J.D. Gramlich, and T. Plenborg, "Managerial ownership, information content of earnings, and discretionary accruals in a non-US setting,"" Journal of Business Finance & Accounting" (2002), pp. 967-988.
Gramlich, J.D., M.L. McAnally, and J.K. Thomas, "Balance sheet management: The case of short-term obligations reclassified as long-term debt," "Journal of Accounting Research" (2001), pp. 283-295.
Choi, W.W., J.D. Gramlich, and J.K. Thomas, "Potential errors in detection of earnings management: Reexamining studies investigating the AMT of 1986" "Contemporary Accounting Research" (2001), pp. 571-613.

</doc>
<doc id="18949354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949354" title="Tommy Facenda">
Tommy Facenda

Tommy "Bubba" Facenda (born November 10, 1939) is an American rock and roll singer and guitarist. He is best known for his one-hit wonder single, "High School U.S.A."
Career.
Born in Portsmouth, Virginia, Facenda was asked to join Gene Vincent's Blue Caps in 1957, where he was given the nickname "Bubba". Facenda and Paul Peek became known as "The Clapper Boys" of Vincent's band, because of their trademark handclap style during live shows. Facenda toured with Vincent and appeared in films with him, but by 1958 had left Vincent to seek a solo career. He signed with Nasco Records and released his first single, "Little Baby" b/w "You Are My Everything".
The single received no attention, and Facenda headed to New York City, where he met Frank Guida, the head of Legrand Records. Guida asked him to record a novelty song entitled "High School U.S.A.", using names of high schools in his home state of Virginia. Atlantic Records picked up the song for national distribution and had him record 28 different versions of the tune, using regional high school names from various parts of the United States. The song became a nationwide hit, reaching #30 on the Black Singles Chart and #28 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1959. All 28 regional versions were combined into one chart listing. The national version was not in the combined list.
He recorded a follow-up single, the self-penned "Bubba Ditty", which was released in 1960; after this he served in the military through 1962 and then returned to Portsmouth, where he worked as a firefighter for the Portsmouth Fire Department. He toured again with the Blue Caps beginning in 1982, including in Europe. Facenda also later did some stage acting, performing in a play entitled "Just Us". 
In 2012, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inducted Facenda as a member of the Blue Caps by a special committee, aiming to correct the previous wrong of not including the Blue Caps with Gene Vincent.

</doc>
<doc id="18949363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949363" title="Theobald I, Count of Bar">
Theobald I, Count of Bar

Theobald I ( – 13 February 1214) was the count of Bar from 1190 until his death, and a count of Luxemburg from 1197 until his death. He was the son of Reginald II of Bar and his wife Agnès de Champagne. He accompanied his elder brother Henry I on the Third Crusade, and succeed as count when Henry was killed in the Siege of Acre.
Family.
Theobald I was married three times; to Laurette of Loon (de Looz), Ermesinde (Isabella) of Bar-sur-Seine, and to Ermesinde (Ermesinda) of Namur. He was succeeded as count by his eldest son Henry II, by his second marriage. His eldest daughter Agnes, from his first marriage, married Frederick II, Duke of Lorraine. His lands in Luxembourg reverted to Waleran III of Limburg, who married Theobald's widow Ermesinde of Namur.

</doc>
<doc id="18949367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949367" title="Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band">
Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band

The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band (also known as The Bonzo Dog Band) is a band created by a group of British art-school denizens of the 1960s. Combining elements of music hall, trad jazz, psychedelic pop with surreal humour and avant-garde art, the Bonzos came to the attention of a broader British public through a 1968 ITV comedy show, "Do Not Adjust Your Set."
History.
Formation and early years (1962–1966).
Unusually for a band, the actual date of conception for the Bonzos is known: 25 September 1962. It was on that day that Vivian Stanshall (tuba, but later lead vocals along with other wind instruments) and fellow art student Rodney Slater (saxophone) bonded over a transatlantic broadcast of a boxing match between Floyd Patterson and Sonny Liston.
Slater had previously been playing in a trad jazz band at college with Chris Jennings (trombone) and Tom Parkinson (sousaphone). Roger Wilkes (trumpet) was the founder of the original band at the Royal College of Art, along with Trevor Brown (banjo). They slowly turned their style from more orthodox music towards the sound of The Alberts and The Temperance Seven. Stanshall was their next recruit and on that day in 1962, he and Rodney christened them. The Bonzo Dog Dada Band. Bonzo the dog was a popular British cartoon character created by artist George Studdy in the 1920s, and Dada after the early 20th-century art movement.
Not long after Stanshall, Slater and Parkinson were evicted from their shared flat, the band added two more faces to the line-up: Goldsmiths College lecturer Vernon Dudley Bohay-Nowell and his lodger, songwriter/pianist, Neil Innes. According to Innes' website, the "Bohay-Nowell" was added to Vernon Dudley's name by Stanshall, although this can be seen to be untrue. Vernon's parents were Walter Nowell and Bessie Bowhay. Unwilling to lose the unusual 'Bowhay' part of the name, they gave their children Vernon Dudley and Peter the name 'Bowhay' as an addendum to the surname 'Nowell'. Hence Vernon always had been Vernon Dudley Bowhay Nowell. It seems unlikely that Vernon ever used this in 'real' life before Stanshall's suggestion. Vernon's son Toby also goes by "Bowhay-Nowell".
The band had been working with drummer Tom Hedge before Rodney found Martin Ash, who later took the stage name of Sam Spoons and shortly afterwards got them their first pub gig, where they were noticed by Roger Ruskin Spear. Ruskin Spear, the son of the British artist Ruskin Spear, claimed, "I couldn't believe anyone was that bad." He eventually changed his mind and, with his interest in the manufacture of early electronic gadgets/objets d'art and sound-making systems soon became an integral part of the band.
The line-up changed again with the departure of Roger Wilkes and John Parry, the trombonist. The two were replaced by, respectively, Bob Kerr and "Big" Sid Nichols. The final 'classic' band member, "Legs" Larry Smith joined in 1963, as a tuba player and tap-dancer (but later as a drummer), on Stanshall's invitation. The band's fortunes began to increase when Reg Tracey secured them a deal with Parlophone in April 1966. Their first single, a cover of the 1920s song, "My Brother Makes The Noises for the Talkies", was backed with "I'm Going To Bring A Watermelon to My Girl Tonight". A second single, "Alley Oop", backed with "Button Up Your Overcoat" followed in October of that year. Neither single sold well. It was around this time that, according to Neil Innes, the band learned a lesson in the pitfalls of show business, although this ultimately helped to move them in a new direction: 
The band made their TV debut in February 1966, performing "Won't You Come Home Bill Bailey" on the BBC children's show, "Blue Peter".
A move from jazz to rock (1967).
Although the Bonzos had started out playing jazz, they decided to embrace rock in order to counter claims that they were beginning to sound like The Temperance Seven and The New Vaudeville Band. (In fact Geoff Stephens asked the Bonzos to perform as the New Vaudeville Band. They declined. Former Bonzo Bob Kerr joined The New Vaudeville Band and went on to create his own band, Bob Kerr's Whoopee Band.)
As the Bonzo Dog band's popularity increased, they were asked by Paul McCartney to appear in the "Magical Mystery Tour" film at the end of 1967, performing "Death Cab For Cutie". Around the same time, they were hired as the resident band on "Do Not Adjust Your Set", an afternoon children's comedy show notable for starring several future members of "Monty Python's Flying Circus" (Eric Idle, Terry Jones and Michael Palin), Denise Coffey, and David Jason in the cast. The band performed every week as well as sometimes participating in sketches.
After signing with the US-based Liberty Records label, the Bonzos released their first album, "Gorilla" (1967), produced by Gerry Bron. The LP included "Jazz, Delicious Hot, Disgusting Cold" which savagely parodied their early "trad" jazz roots and featured some of the most deliberately inept jazz playing ever recorded. The record label allowed two hours of studio time per track, so it was completed in a single take to allow for the far more complex "The Intro and the Outro" in which every member of the band was introduced and played a solo, starting with genuine band members, before including such improbable members as John Wayne on xylophone, Adolf Hitler on vibes, and J. Arthur Rank on gong, Prime Minister Harold Wilson on violin, The Wild Man of Borneo, Val Doonican, Horace Batchelor, and Lord Snooty and His Pals.
The first album was recorded on a four-track tape recorder, as was typical for 1967. Due to the limited number of tracks, most of the non-band "personnel" were simply faded in and out.
Several years later, Stanshall was to provide the voiceover on Mike Oldfield's first instrumental album, "Tubular Bells", which echoed the style of "The Intro and the Outro".
"Urban Spaceman" and beyond (1968–1970).
They had a hit single in 1968 with "I'm the Urban Spaceman" produced by Paul McCartney and Gus Dudgeon under the collective pseudonym "Apollo C. Vermouth". The Beatles were fans of the group. The anarchic twelve bar blues "Trouser Press" — featuring a solo by Roger Ruskin Spear on a genuine trouser press he had fitted with a pick-up – gave its name to an American anglophile rock magazine "Trouser Press". "Can Blue Men Sing the Whites?" lampooned the British blues boom, and tap dancer/drummer "Legs" Larry Smith was an on-stage hit with his lubricious dancing (he had actually trained as a child in tap dancing). Many of their songs parodied parochial suburban British attitudes, notably "My Pink Half of the Drainpipe" on the album "The Doughnut in Granny's Greenhouse" (a euphemism for an outside toilet, still common in the United Kingdom at the time).
In 1969 they released their third album "Tadpoles". Most of the songs on this album were also performed by the group on "Do Not Adjust Your Set". The same year they also released their fourth album "Keynsham" and appeared at the Isle of Wight Festival. Keynsham is a small town near Bristol in south-west England. According to Neil Innes' account, the name of the album derived from an oft-repeated advertisement played on Radio Luxembourg in the 1950s and early 1960s, which promoted a dubious method of forecasting results for football matches (and using these results in football pools). In the advertisement, which was of great length, Horace Batchelor, inventor of 'the amazing Infra Draw method', would repeatedly spell his postal address of K-E-Y-N-S-H-A-M for those listeners who wished to purchase his secret. Batchelor had earlier been name-checked (alongside "Zebra Kid") performing on percussion in "The Intro and the Outro".
The Bonzos toured the United States with The Who and also appeared at the Fillmore East with The Kinks. Introduced as a "warm-up act" for the real show, the Bonzos rushed out and did a series of frenetic calisthenics. True to the dada spirit, Stanshall performed a mock striptease and Roger Ruskin Spear, with a platoon of robots (including one that sang "I'm Forever Blowing Bubbles" while actually blowing bubbles), did whatever he did without regard for what the rest of the band was doing. They undertook another American tour at the end of 1969. The band had a meeting and decided to split on their return to the UK. The group played their final gig in January 1970.
First reunion (1972).
While the group formally disbanded in 1970, their record company compelled them to reunite in late 1971 to fulfil a contractual obligation and record a final album. Titled "Let's Make Up And Be Friendly", the album was released in 1972. The edition of the Bonzo Dog Band that made the "Friendly" LP featured only Stanshall, Innes and bassist Dennis Cowan from the "classic" earlier line-ups, although Roger Ruskin Spear appears on one track, and "Legs" Larry Smith on two. Rodney Slater is also listed as appearing "in spirit" in the album's credits.
The band also did live appearances in the UK in 1974, appearing at least at the University of Kent, Rutherford College, and University of York, Goodricke College.
Second reunion (1988).
Various members of The Bonzos (including Stanshall and Innes) reconvened in 1988 to record a new single, "No Matter Who You Vote For the Government Always Gets In (Heigh Ho)". The recording was meant to tie in with a current British election, but was not released at the time; instead, the single came out just prior to the next British general election in 1992.
Coincidentally, one of the Bonzos' song titles, "Cool Britannia", was revived as a media label for late 1990s United Kingdom under Tony Blair.
The "No Matter Who You Vote For" single was Stanshall's final recording with the band; he died in a house fire in 1995.
Third reunion (2006–2008).
On 28 January 2006 most of the surviving members of the band played a concert at the London Astoria, to celebrate the band's official 40th anniversary. Neil Innes, "Legs" Larry Smith, Roger Ruskin Spear, Rodney Slater, Bob Kerr, Sam Spoons and Vernon Dudley Bohay-Nowell appeared. There were also a number of special guests attempting with various degrees of success to "be" Vivian Stanshall, one of two members of the band not still living (the other being bass player Dennis Cowan). The various Stanshall impersonators included Stephen Fry, Ade Edmondson, Phill Jupitus and Paul Merton (who needed to read the words to "Monster Mash" from cue cards at the show). The classic Bonzo stage antics were in evidence, including performances on the Theremin Leg and Trouser Press. The show was filmed and was broadcast on BBC Four and also released on DVD in May 2006.
A countrywide tour, with Ade Edmondson and Phill Jupitus, followed during November 2006, starting in Ipswich and ending with two nights at the Shepherds Bush Empire, where Paul Merton and Bill Bailey joined in for a handful of songs. David Catlin-Birch (lead guitar and vocals) joined the band for the tour; Catlin-Birch has also been a member of World Party and The Bootleg Beatles.
Officially calling themselves The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band again, the group released a live double CD of the Astoria concert titled "Wrestle Poodles... And Win!" on 13 November 2006.
On 10 December 2007, the band released their first new studio album in 35 years, a 28-track album titled "Pour l'Amour des Chiens".
The reunited line-up were due to perform again in 'The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band Christmas Show' on Friday 21 December and Saturday 22 December 2007 at the Shepherds Bush Empire in London, but the shows were postponed without explanation. The shows were later played in 2008. 
An ultimatum with Innes around this time forced his hand and he stepped down as band leader, leaving the rest of the Bonzos 'in charge'. Whilst Vernon and Larry drifted away to play as 'Bonzomania', Roger, Rodney and Sam remained together and joined up with pianist David Glasson (ex Whoopee Band) and tweaked the name slightly to Three Bonzos and a Piano. Since October 2008, they have undertaken regular gigs. They have included appearances from "Legs" Larry Smith and Vernon Dudley Bohay Nowell and thus now constitute the largest number of surviving Bonzos playing together. Three Bonzos and a Piano launched a new CD "Hair of the Dog" at the Bloomsbury Theatre, London on 6 February 2010, featuring new numbers from all band members and some re-workings of older favourites. Larry and Vernon were at the Bloomsbury gig. In 2012 they released another CD, "Bum Notes".
Innes toured the United States in 2009 and 2010, having performed a number of shows in 2009 in the UK. He currently plays with the Idiot Bastard Band, along with Phill Jupitus, Adrian Edmondson, and Raw Sex drummer Rowland Rivron. They play a mixture of original comedy songs and covers, including some Bonzos numbers.
In 2009, Angry Penguin Ltd published the first history of the band, "Jollity Farm", written by Bob Carruthers and edited by David Christie, with comprehensive interviews with all the core members of the group. The first release also included a limited edition DVD featuring the band's 2007 reunion performance at the Shepherds Bush Empire, which included several performances from that show which had not been previously released.
On 30 April 2012, Poppydisc Records re-issued a vinyl version of Stanshall's "Men Opening Umbrellas Ahead". This is an official Stanshall family sanctioned release, remastered with new liner notes from his widow and daughter.
Band members.
The core members of the group for most of the band's career were:
The band's onstage line-up varied, sometimes on a weekly basis, and they also invited a number of guest musicians into the recording studio. Additional members of various duration include: Vernon Dudley Bohay-Nowell, Martin "Sam Spoons" Ash, "Happy" Wally Wilks, Tom Parkinson, Chris Jennings, Claude Abbo, Trevor Brown, Tom Hedge, Eric Idle, Eric Clapton, Elton John, Paul McCartney, Leon Williams, John Parry, Raymond Lewitt, Sydney "Big Sid" Nicholls, James "Jim Strobes" Chambers, Bob Kerr, Dave Clague, Joel Druckman, "Borneo" Fred Munt, Chalky Chalkey, Dennis Cowan, Aynsley Dunbar, Jim Capaldi, Anthony 'Bubs' White, Andy Roberts, Dave Richards, Pete Currie, Dick Parry, Hughie Flint, Tony Kaye, and Glen Colson.
Stanshall and Innes were the band's principal songwriters, with occasional contributions from Spear, Slater and Smith. After the band's demise, both Innes and Stanshall became founding members of Grimms along with the members of The Scaffold and The Liverpool Scene.
Tributes.
Indie-rock band Death Cab for Cutie took their name from the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band song of the same name, and the psychedelic rock band Poisoned Electrick Head took their name from the last three words of the Bonzo's song, "My Pink Half of the Drainpipe".

</doc>
<doc id="18949376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949376" title="Harvard Design Magazine">
Harvard Design Magazine

The Harvard Design Magazine (ISSN 1093-4421) is a biannual publication of the Harvard Graduate School of Design that has been published since 1997. 
It is not a peer reviewed academic journal, but a professional magazine; it is indexed nevertheless by all of the standard subject bibliographies, including Avery Index to Architectural Periodicals, Bibliography of the History of Art, and Artbibliographies Modern
Former editor, William S. Saunders, is a well known scholar of contemporary architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="18949387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949387" title="Afrika Bambaataa">
Afrika Bambaataa

Kevin Donovan (born April 19, 1957), better known by the stage name Afrika Bambaataa, is an American DJ from the South Bronx, New York. He is notable for releasing a series of genre-defining electro tracks in the 1980s that influenced the development of hip hop culture. Afrika Bambaataa is one of the originators of breakbeat DJing and is respectfully known as "The Godfather" and "Amen Ra of Hip Hop Kulture", as well as the father of electro funk. Through his co-opting of the street gang the Black Spades into the music and culture-oriented Universal Zulu Nation, he has helped spread Hip Hop Culture throughout the world.
Early life.
Donovan grew up in The Bronx River Projects, with an activist mother and uncle. As a child, he was exposed to the black liberation movement, and witnessed debates between his mother and uncle regarding the conflicting ideologies in the movement. He was exposed to his mother's extensive and eclectic record collection. Gangs in the area became the law in the area, clearing their turf of drug dealers, assisting with community health programs and both fighting and partying to keep members and turf. Donovan was a member of the Young Spades. He quickly rose to the position of warlord of one of the divisions. As warlord, it was his job to build ranks and expand the turf of the young Spades. He was not afraid to cross turfs to forge relationships with other gang members, and with other gangs. As a result, the Spades became the biggest gang in the city in terms of both membership and turf.
After Donovan won an essay contest that earned him a trip to Africa, his worldview shifted. He had seen the movie "Zulu" and was impressed with the solidarity exhibited by the Zulu in that film. During his trip to Africa, the communities he visited inspired him to stop the violence and create a community in his own neighborhood. He changed his name to Afrika Bambaataa Aasim, adopting the name of the Zulu chief Bhambatha, who led an armed rebellion against unfair economic practices in early 20th century South Africa that can be seen as a precursor to the anti-apartheid movement. He told people that his name was Zulu for "affectionate leader". Donovan formed The "Bronx River Organization" as an alternative to the Black Spades.
Inspired by DJ Kool Herc and Kool DJ Dee, Donovan began hosting hip-hop parties beginning in 1977. He vowed to use hip-hop to draw angry kids out of gangs and formed the Universal Zulu Nation. Robert Keith Wiggins, a.k.a. "Cowboy" of Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five, is credited with naming hip-hop; the term became a common phrase used by MCs as part of a scat-inspired style of rhyming.
In 1982, Donovan and his followers, a group of dancers, artists, and DJs, went outside the United States on the first hip hop tour. He saw that the hip hop tours would be the key to help expand hip hop and his Universal Zulu Nation. In addition it would help promote the values of hip hop that he believed are based on peace, unity, love, and having fun. He brought peace to the gangs; many artists and gang members say that "hip hop saved a lot of lives". His influence inspired many overseas artists like the French rapper MC Solaar. He was a popular DJ in The South Bronx rap scene and became known not only as Afrika Bambaataa but also as the "Master of Records". He established two rap crews: the Jazzy 5 including MCs Master Ice, Mr. Freeze, Master Bee, Master D.E.E, and AJ Les, and the second crew referred to as Soulsonic Force including Mr. Biggs, Pow Wow and Emcee G.L.O.B.E.
In that same year Donovan and Soulsonic Force dropped the live band to go high-tech. Bambaataa credited the pioneering Japanese electropop group Yellow Magic Orchestra, whose work he sampled, as an inspiration. He also borrowed an eerie keyboard hook from German electronic pioneers Kraftwerk and was provided an electronic "beat-box" by producer Arthur Baker and synthesizer player John Robie. That resulted in "Planet Rock", which went to gold status and generated an entire school of "electro-boogie" rap and dance music. Bambaataa formed his own label to release the Time Zone Compilation. He created "turntablism" as its own sub-genre and the ratification of "electronica" as an industry-certified trend in the late 1990s. 
Birth of the Zulu Nation.
In the late 1970s, Donovan became known as the Universal Zulu Nation, a group of socially and politically aware rappers, B-boys, graffiti artists and other people involved in hip hop culture. By 1977, inspired by DJ Kool Herc and DJ Dee, and after Disco King Mario loaned him his first equipment, Bambaataa began organizing block parties all around The South Bronx. He even faced his long-time friend, Disco King Mario in a DJ battle. He then began performing at Stevenson High School and formed the Bronx River Organization, then later simply "The Organization". Bambaataa had deejayed with his own sound system at The Bronx River Community Center, with Mr. Biggs, Queen Kenya, and Cowboy, who accompanied him in performances in the community. Because of his prior status in the Black Spades, he already had an established Army party crowd drawn from former members of the gang. Hip hop culture was spreading through the streets via house parties, block parties, gym dances and mix tapes.
About a year later Donovan reformed the group, calling it the Zulu Nation (inspired by his wide studies on African history at the time). Five b-boys (break dancers) joined him, whom he called the Zulu Kings, and later formed the Zulu Queens, and the Shaka Zulu Kings and Queens. As he continued deejaying, more DJs, rappers, b-boys, b-girls, graffiti writers, and artists followed him, and he took them under his wing and made them all members of his Zulu Nation. He was also the founder of the Soulsonic Force, which originally consisted of approximately twenty Zulu Nation members: Mr. Biggs, Queen Kenya, DJ Cowboy Soulsonic Force (#2), Pow Wow, G.L.0.B.E. (creator of the "MC popping" rap style), DJ Jazzy Jay, Cosmic Force, Queen Lisa Lee, Prince Ikey C, Ice Ice (#1), Chubby Chub; Jazzy Five-DJ Jazzy Jay, Mr. Freeze, Master D.E.E., Kool DJ Red Alert, Sundance, Ice Ice (#2), Charlie Choo, Master Bee, Busy Bee Starski, Akbar (Lil Starski), and Raheim. The personnel for the Soulsonic Force were groups within groups with whom he would perform and make records.
In 1980, Donovan's groups made their first recording with Paul Winley Records titled, "Death Mix". According to Bambaata, this was an unauthorized release. Winley recorded two versions of Soulsonic Force's landmark single, "Zulu Nation Throwdown", with authorization from the musicians. Disappointed with the results of the single, Bambaataa left the company.
The Zulu Nation was the first hip-hop organization, with an official birth date of November 12, 1977. Bambaataa's plan with the Universal Zulu Nation was to build a youth movement out of the creativity of a new generation of outcast youths with an authentic, liberating worldview.
Recognition.
In 1982, hip hop artist Fab Five Freddy was putting together music packages in the largely white downtown Manhattan New Wave clubs, and invited Bambaataa to perform at one of them, the Mudd Club. It was the first time Donovan had performed before a predominantly white crowd. Attendance for his parties downtown became so large that he had to move to larger venues, first to the Ritz, with Malcolm McLaren's group Bow Wow Wow, then to the Peppermint Lounge, The Jefferson, Negril, Danceteria and the Roxy. "Planet Rock", a popular single produced by Arthur Baker and the keyboardist John Robie, came out that June under the name Afrika Bambaataa and the Soulsonic Force. The song borrowed musical motifs from German electronic music, funk, and rock. Different elements and musical styles were used together. The song became an immediate hit and stormed the music charts worldwide. The song melded the main melody from Kraftwerk's "Trans-Europe Express" with electronic beats based on their track "Numbers" as well as portions from records by Babe Ruth and Captain Sky, thus creating a new style of music altogether, electro funk.
Donovan and Ruza "Kool Lady" Blue organized the first European hip hop tour. Along with himself were rapper and graffiti artist Rammellzee, Zulu Nation DJ Grand Mixer DXT (formerly Grand Mixer D.St), B-boy and B-girl crews the Rock Steady Crew, and the Double Dutch Girls, as well as legendary graffiti artists Fab 5 Freddy, PHASE 2, Futura 2000, and Dondi.
Donovan's second release around 1983 was "Looking for the Perfect Beat", then later, "Renegades of Funk," both with the same Soulsonic Force. He began working with producer Bill Laswell at Jean Karakos's Celluloid Records, where he developed and placed two groups on the label: Time Zone and Shango. Donovan recorded "Wildstyle" with Time Zone, and he recorded a collaboration with punk rocker John Lydon and Time Zone in 1984, titled "World Destruction". Shango's album, "Shango Funk Theology", was released by the label in 1984. That same year, Bambaataa and other hip hop celebrities appeared in the movie Beat Street. He also made a landmark recording with James Brown, titled "Unity". It was billed in music industry circles as "the Godfather of Soul meets the Godfather of Hip Hop".
Around October 1985, Donovan and other music stars worked on the anti-apartheid album "Sun City" with Little Steven Van Zandt, Joey Ramone, Run-D.M.C., Lou Reed, U2, and others. During 1988, he recorded "Afrika Bambaataa and Family" for Capitol Records, titled The Light, featuring Nona Hendryx, UB40, Boy George, George Clinton, Bootsy Collins, and Yellowman. He had recorded a few other works with Family three years earlier, one titled "Funk You" in 1985, and the other titled "Beware (The Funk Is Everywhere)" in 1986. In 1986 he discovered an artist in Atlanta, Georgia. (Through MC SHY D) by the name of Kenya Miler a.k.a. MC Harmony (Known producer now as Kenya Fame Flames Miller), that was later signed to Criminal Records and Arthur Baker. The group was Harmony and LG. The first single, 1987's "Dance To The Drums/No Joke", was produced by Bambaataa and Baker with musicians Keith LeBlanc and Doug Wimbush. Bambaataa was involved in the Stop the Violence Movement, and with other hip hop artists recorded a 12" single titled "Self Destruction", which hit number one on the Hot Rap Singles Chart in March 1989. The single went gold and raised $400,000 for the National Urban League to be used for community anti-violence education programs.
In 1990, Donovan made "Life" magazine's "Most Important Americans of the 20th Century" issue. He was also involved in the anti-apartheid work "Hip Hop Artists Against Apartheid" for Warlock Records. He teamed with the Jungle Brothers to record the album ""Return to Planet Rock (The Second Coming)"". 
Gee Street Records, Donovan and John Baker organized a concert at Wembley Stadium in London in 1990 for the African National Congress (ANC), in honor of Nelson Mandela's release from prison. The concert brought together performances by British and American rappers, and also introduced both Nelson and Winnie Mandela and the ANC to hip hop audiences. In relation to the event, the recording Ndodemnyama (Free South Africa) helped raise approximately $30,000 for the ANC. Bambaataa also helped to raise funds for the organization in Italy.
From the mid-1990s, Donovan returned to his electro roots. In 1998, he produced a remix of "Planet Rock" combining electro and house music elements, called "Planet Rock '98," which is regarded as an early example of the electro house genre. In 2000, Rage Against the Machine covered his song "Renegades of Funk" for their album, "Renegades". The same year, he collaborated with Leftfield on the song "Afrika Shox", the first single from Leftfield's "Rhythm and Stealth". "Afrika Shox" also appeared on soundtrack to "Vanilla Sky". In 2004, he collaborated with WestBam - a group that was named after him - on the 2004 album "Dark Matter Moving at the Speed of Light" which also featured Gary Numan. In 2006, he was featured on the British singer Jamelia's album "Walk With Me" on a song called "Do Me Right", and on Mekon's album "Some Thing Came Up", on the track "D-Funktional". He performed the lyrics on the track "Is There Anybody Out There" by The Bassheads (Desa Basshead). As an actor, he has played a variety of voice-over character roles on "Kung Faux".
Donovan was a judge for the 6th annual Independent Music Awards to support independent artists' careers. On September 27, 2007, it was announced that Afrika Bambaataa was one of the nine nominees for the 2008 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Inductions. On December 22, 2007, he made a surprise appearance performing at the "First Annual Tribute Fit For the King of King Records, Mr. Dynamite James Brown" in Covington, Kentucky. 
On August 14, 2012 Donovan was given a three-year appointment as a visiting scholar at Cornell University. The appointment was made in collaboration between Cornell University Library's Hip Hop Collection, the largest collection of historical hip hop music in North America, and the University's department of Music. His archives, including his vinyl collection, original audio and video recordings, manuscripts, books, and papers arrived at the Cornell University Hip Hop Collection in December of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18949389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949389" title="FutuRéale">
FutuRéale

FutuRéale is a Canadian arts, culture and living magazine based out of Toronto, Ontario. It focuses on Toronto's arts community, while demonstrating cultural expression through the arts, and its influence on urban lifestyles and urban living. "FutuRéale" is one of the first magazines in North America to be made available on compact disc.
"FutuRéale" also hosted events for artists in Toronto. The title "FutuRéale" is derived from the French words "Futur" meaning Future and "Réale" meaning Royal. The magazine published over 60 issues between 2007 and 2013 when it stopped publication. Archives of the magazine are available on the publisher's website: http://www.onamap.ca/publishing 
FutuRéale Magazine has featured hundreds of local Canadian celebrities and a few dozen Hollywood celebrities including Tonya Lee Williams, Emmanuel Vaugier, Sarah Jessica Parker, Scarlett Bruns, Sean Jones, Georgina Reilly, Bruce McDonald, Al Sapienza and many others.
FutuRéale's Web TV series hosted by Liana Rico, Jess Morton, Eddy Ruyter, and Rob Sotoodeh, and was produced by ONAMAP Productions. All episodes were meant for public viewing and are still available.
FutuRéale supported local artists and writers by giving them the spotlight. The work of Dany Pen, Eric Smaltz, Eric Rosenhek, Deliciousnoize, Graeme Mollison, Marnina Hermann, Rusted Pyre and many more.
FutuRéale also featured a number of popular locations in Toronto including Zilberschmuck.
The magazine recently worked with ONAMAP Productions and ONAMAP Education Services to feature Gillian Vivona, author of the Steps to Success Program for non-academic students. Vivona appears in the FutuRéale WebTV series and in numerous publications on education.

</doc>
<doc id="18949390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949390" title="Edmund Augustus Blundell">
Edmund Augustus Blundell

Edmund Augustus Blundell was a British diplomat and Commissioner of Tenasserim 1833–1843, Resident Councillor of Malacca from 1847 to 1849 and Resident Councillor of Penang from 1849 to 1855. He became Governor of Straits Settlements (1855 - 1859), of which is administered by British India. He was born 8 August 1804 in Taunton, Somerset, England, the son of William Blundell & Mary Ann Horniblow. He was married to Mellor Mynors Farmer. In addition, he had a Burmese mistress who gave him 11 children. He gave them his name and sent them to be educated in Calcutta and England. Blundell died in 1868 at Harrogate.
Preceded by :Samuel George Bonham
Succeeded by :Orfeur Cavenagh

</doc>
<doc id="18949394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949394" title="Dennis M. Jones Family Foundation">
Dennis M. Jones Family Foundation

The Dennis M Jones Family Foundation is a St. Louis, Missouri-based foundation that provides scholarships to underprivileged students.
The foundation was formed in 2000 after the founder of Jones Pharma, Inc., Dennis Jones, merged the company into King Pharmaceuticals. The foundation was funded with 1,000,000 shares of King and converted into cash through the public sale of the shares at $52 per share.
The foundation trustees are Dennis M.and Judith A Jones, J. Denise Jones Franz and Dennis M. Jones, Jr.
The purpose of the foundation is to promote the growth and education of underprivileged children mainly through scholarships. The largest donation to date was $2,000,000 for the creation of The Junior Achievement Free Enterprise center in Chesterfield in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18949396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949396" title="Dallas High School">
Dallas High School

Dallas High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18949410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949410" title="And Then There Were None">
And Then There Were None

And Then There Were None is a mystery novel by Agatha Christie. It was first published in the United Kingdom by the Collins Crime Club on 6 November 1939 as Ten Little Niggers, after the British nursery rhyme which serves as a major plot point. The title was changed to the last line of the rhyme  "And Then There Were None"  for the first American edition, which used the original American version of the song. That song title, "Ten Little Indians", was used for some editions, until the Christie estate formally approved the US title of the work. 
In the novel, ten people who had been complicit in the death(s) of other human beings but either escaped notice or were not subject to legal sanction, are tricked or lured into coming to an island under different pretenses, comprising various different sorts of reasons, mainly for either employment or, for the better off, an unexpected late summer vacation or holiday. Although they are the only people on the island, and cannot escape due to the distance from the mainland and the inclement weather, each guest is killed in a manner seeming to parallel the deaths enumerated in the nursery rhyme.
It is Christie's best-selling novel with 100 million sales to date, making it the world's best-selling mystery ever, and one of the best-selling books of all time. (Publications International lists it as 7th best-selling.) The novel has been made into several films and adapted for radio.
Plot summary.
Eight people – Lawrence Wargrave, Vera Claythorne, Philip Lombard, General John Macarthur, Emily Brent, Anthony Marston, Dr Edward Armstrong and William Blore – are en route to Soldier Island, off the coast of Devon. Each person has an invitation, most in writing, in some cases seemingly from actual friends or acquaintances, tailored to his or her personal circumstances, i.e. ranging from offers of employment for some to an unexpected late summer holiday for others. The island, although remote, had been the subject of some relatively recent news gossip, with differing, mostly false, reports about its purchase by a new owner. After arriving on the island, the guests are informed by the butler and cook, a married couple, Thomas and Ethel Rogers, who were hired by Mr and Mrs Owen (Ulick Norman Owen and Una Nancy Owen; whom the Rogers' never met) that the Owens, the hosts, are not present but will arrive soon, which the guests all find odd. They find a framed copy of the nursery rhyme "Ten Little Soldiers" ("Niggers" or "Indians" in respective earlier editions) hanging on the wall.
After the evening meal, guests notice ten soldier figurines on the dining room table. When a victim dies as described in the rhyme, one figure will go missing or be found broken into pieces. Each guest was lured by an individually tailored pretext, none can leave without the boatman, who has been instructed not to return to the island. As instructed by Mr Isaac Morris, who worked for the same person who purchased Soldier Island and who invited the guests, Rogers plays a gramophone recording as he had been instructed to do which accuses each person in the house of having intentionally caused the death(s) of another (others), but had evaded earthly justice.
Dr Armstrong, when much younger, operated while drunk, killing a patient during what should have been routine surgery. Marston killed two children while driving recklessly. Miss Emily Brent sacked her pregnant unmarried maid who then committed suicide. Soldier-of-fortune Lombard abandoned a number of indigenous African tribesmen whom he had commanded and stole their food, leaving them to die. Blore, an ex-policeman, who had been using an alias, framed an innocent man, who later died in prison. General Macarthur sent his wife's lover on a suicide mission. Thomas and Ethel Rogers withheld medicine from their former elderly employer, induced heart failure, and inherited her money. Wargrave is accused of being responsible for the execution of a man then widely believed to have been innocent. Vera Claythorne is accused of killing a child for whom she had been a governess so that her fiancé could inherit the family estate. Marston and Lombard are the only guests to openly admit the charges against them, without any signs of remorse. Justice Lawrence Wargrave observes that "U.N. Owen" is a homophone for "unknown".
Marston dies from potassium cyanide poisoning, which was placed in his drink during the chaotic aftermath of the gramophone recording, thus fulfilling the first verse — "one choked his little self". That night, Mrs Rogers dies from an overdose of chloral hydrate, a sleeping medication — "one overslept himself". The next day, at lunchtime, General Macarthur is found dead from a blow to the back of his skull, having predicted earlier to Vera that none of them would leave the island alive — "one said he'd stay there". 
Armstrong, Blore, and Lombard search the island and the house but find there is nowhere on the bare rock to hide. The next morning, Rogers is found dead in the woodshed, struck in the back of the head with an axe — "one chopped himself in halves". Later that day, Miss Brent is killed in the dining room by an injection potassium cyanide which leaves a mark on her neck — "A bumblebee stung one". The needle is found outside her window next to a smashed china figurine. Wargrave suggests locking up any potential weapons, including Armstrong's medical equipment and the judge's sleeping pills. They do lock up everything in a small case and then keep the case in another cupboard which too they lock up. The keys are given to Lombard and Blore respectively. Lombard admits to bringing a revolver to the island and initially refuses to turn it over until the others force him. He goes to collect the gun, and seems genuinely confounded to find it missing. To stay safe, only one person leaves at a time. Vera goes up to her room and starts screaming madly at fresh seaweed she rubbed against in the dark, which someone had hung in her bedroom. The remaining men, save one, run upstairs. Noticing Wargrave's absence they head back downstairs and find the judge, dressed in a mockery of a judicial wig and gown with the bright mark of a gunshot to the forehead — "one got into Chancery". Armstrong confirms the death. Lombard then finds his revolver has been returned to a drawer in his room.
That night, Blore hears someone sneaking out of the house and catches a glimpse of someone in the moonlight. Realizing that the only one missing is Armstrong, it is assumed he is the killer. The next morning, after eating breakfast, the remaining three try to signal the mainland and decide to remain in the relative safety of the beach, but there are no indications the signals have been seen. Blore goes to the house for food, and after not returning for a prolonged time, is found under Vera's bedroom window, his skull crushed by a bear-shaped clock — "a big bear hugged one". They suspect Armstrong, until his body washes ashore — "a red herring swallowed one".
Vera and Lombard both now believe each other to be the killer, overlooking in their panic the fact that neither could have killed Blore. Vera manages to persuade Lombard that they two should drag Armstrong's body away from the tideline, but this is only a pretext to get hold of his gun, which she does. When Lombard makes a sudden move towards her she shoots him, through the heart as it happens ("One shot the other and then there was One"). She returns to the house, happily anticipating the soon-to-arrive help from the mainland. But, arriving at her room, disoriented, she finds a noose and chair waiting for her, and feeling the presence of Cyril, the boy she allowed to drown, she wraps the noose around her neck and kicks away the chair — "he went and hanged himself, and then there were none".
In the epilogue, Inspector Maine, the detective in charge of the Soldier Island case, discusses the mystery with his Assistant Commissioner, Sir Thomas Legge, at Scotland Yard. There are no clues in the seaside town of Sticklehaven. Isaac Morris arranged the island purchase for "U.N. Owen", sent the invitations, and himself died from a drugs overdose the next day. Fred Narracott sent a rescue boat after learning of the distress signals; Narracott having been singularly suspicious since that first day when he ferried the first seven guests to the island; Dr. Armstrong arrived on a later ferry. Diary entries from some of the guests reveal the first six victims and the order of their deaths, both of which are inaccurate given that the sixth death (the "red herring") was not that of Wargrave, which everyone else believed, as will be revealed at the end of the novel. The chair Vera kicked away is found neatly set against the wall, Lombard's revolver was not found on or near his person (Vera having taken it with her back to the house but which Wargrave used last), Armstrong's body was found dragged above where any tide could have taken it (it was moved by Vera and Lombard at Vera's suggestion), and it is inconceivable that Blore could or would have dropped the clock on himself. This means someone was alive after all these deaths. These facts, given the inclement weather combined with the distance from the mainland, would have prevented anyone else from entering or exiting the island before Fred Narracott returned, ultimately leave the investigators confounded.
Postscript.
Off the Devon coast, a fishing ship picks up a bottle (containing a written confession) inside its trawling nets, which is forwarded to the police. The confession, or allocution, was signed by Justice Wargrave. A lifelong sadist, he relished causing suffering but only to the guilty due to the twisted sense of justice he has lived with his whole life. Following the diagnosis of a terminal illness (presumably cancer), and with a relatively short time to live, the judge decided to commit murder himself, locating ten individuals who intentionally caused the deaths of other persons but had escaped earthly justice, whom he succeeded in luring to the island he quietly purchased, to do something "theatrical and impossible". Experienced in observation, he confirmed all were guilty by their reactions to the phonograph recording. He deliberately began by disposing of what he considered the less serious offenders, saving the "prolonged mental strain and fear" for the more cold-blooded killers. He slipped potassium cyanide and chloral hydrate into the drinks of Marston, whom he determined to be "amoral", and Mrs Rogers, whom he adjudged to have been compelled by her dominating husband, respectively. After killing General Macarthur and Mr Rogers by bludgeoning them, he slipped his remaining chloral hydrate into Miss Brent's morning coffee to sedate her, then injected her with potassium cyanide when she was left alone in the kitchen. 
He used Dr Armstrong as a dupe, as the doctor trusted the judge. The two hatched a scheme whereby the judge would be apparently shot dead but actually alive to investigate who was the "true killer". After the faking of Wargrave's death worked perfectly, he soon after met with Armstrong and pushed him off a cliff into the water, leaving him to drown (nicely coinciding with the "red herring swallowed one" line of the verse). After dropping the clock on Blore and witnessing Vera Claythorne shoot Lombard dead on the beach, Wargrave set the scene, leaving the noose hanging from the ominous black hook in her room's ceiling, where he had previously tormented her by leaving seaweed that brushed against her in the dark, reminding her of the sea, with a chair conveniently lying beneath. In what Wargrave describes as a "posttraumatic hypnotic state" and with thoughts of her former lover Hugo Hamilton in her head, she kicks away the chair, hanging herself. Wargrave returned the chair back against the wall afterwards in a position it could not have been in after Vera kicked it away, to further confuse the police with a seemingly unsolvable mystery. 
Wargrave then wrote out his confession, admitting a "pitiful human need" for recognition, and throws it into the sea. He returns to his room and kills himself by fastening a rubber cord to the revolver, allowing it to drop to the floor after pulling the trigger (still bearing Vera's fingerprints) out of his reach – bearing a gunshot in his forehead, seemingly in accordance with the events as noted in writing in other guests' diaries or journals. He points out what he believes to be the three clues implicating him, but surmises correctly that the police will not have figured out the mystery.
Wargrave adds at the end of his allocution that the police will find 10 dead bodies – and an unsolved mystery – on Soldier Island.
Characters.
The following details of the characters are based on the original novel. Backstories, backgrounds and names vary with differing international adaptations, based on the rules, censorship, cultural norms, etc. 
Publication history.
The novel was originally published under the title "Ten Little Niggers" in 1939, retailing for seven shillings and sixpence; the first US edition, published by Dodd, Mead and Company, was priced at two US$. All references to "Indian" were originally "Nigger": thus the island was called "Nigger Island" rather than "Indian Island" and the rhyme found by each murder victim was also called "Ten Little Niggers" rather than "Ten Little Indians". Modern printings use the rhyme "Ten Little Indians" and "Indian Island" for reasons of political and ethnic sensitivity. 
The UK serialisation was in 23 parts in the "Daily Express" from Tuesday, 6 June to Saturday, 1 July 1939. All of the instalments carried an illustration by "Prescott" with the first instalment having an illustration of Burgh Island in Devon which inspired the setting of the story. This version did not contain any chapter divisions.
For the United States market, the novel was first serialised in the "Saturday Evening Post" in seven parts from 20 May (Volume 211, Number 47) to 1 July 1939 (Volume 212, Number 1) with illustrations by Henry Raleigh and then published separately in book form in January 1940. Both publications used the less offensive title "And Then There Were None". The 1945 motion picture also used this title. In 1946, the play was published under the new title "Ten Little Indians" (the same title under which it had been performed on Broadway), and in 1964 an American paperback edition also used this title.
British editions continued to use the work's original title until the 1980s and the first British edition to use the alternative title "And Then There Were None" appeared in 1985 with a reprint of the 1963 Fontana Paperback. Today "And Then There Were None" is the title most commonly used. The original title ("Ten Little Niggers") survives in some foreign-language versions of the novel: for example, the Bulgarian title is "Десет малки негърчета". The title "Ten Little Negroes" is used in a large number of foreign-language versions, for example, the Spanish title is "Diez negritos", the Greek title is "Δέκα Μικροί Νέγροι", the Serbian title is "Deset malih crnaca", the Romanian title is "Zece negri mititei", the French title is "Dix petits nègres" and the Hungarian title is "Tíz kicsi néger", while the Italian title, "Dieci piccoli indiani", mirrors the "Indians" title. The Dutch 18th edition of 1994 still used the work's original English title "Ten Little Niggers". The 1987 Russian film adaptation has the title "" ("Desyat Negrityat", meaning "Ten Little Negroes"). In 1999, the Slovak National Theatre showed the play under its original title but then changed the name to "A napokon nezostal už nik" (And Then There Were None) mid-run. The computer adventure game based on the novel uses "Ten Little Sailor Boys".
Literary significance and reception.
"And Then There Were None" is one of Agatha Christie's best-known mysteries. Writing for "The Times Literary Supplement" of 11 November 1939, Maurice Percy Ashley stated, "If her latest story has scarcely any detection in it there is no scarcity of murders." He continued, "There is a certain feeling of monotony inescapable in the regularity of the deaths which is better suited to a serialized newspaper story than a full-length novel. Yet there is an ingenious problem to solve in naming the murderer. It will be an extremely astute reader who guesses correctly." Many other reviews were complimentary; in "The New York Times Book Review" of 25 February 1940, Isaac Anderson detailed the set-up of the plot up to the point where "the voice" accuses the ten "guests" of their past crimes or sins, which have all resulted in the deaths of other human beings, and then said, "When you read what happens after that you will not believe it, but you will keep on reading, and as one incredible event is followed by another even more incredible you will still keep on reading. The whole thing is utterly impossible and utterly fascinating. It is the most baffling mystery that Agatha Christie has ever written, and if any other writer has ever surpassed it for sheer puzzlement the name escapes our memory. We are referring, of course, to mysteries that have logical explanations, as this one has. It is a tall story, to be sure, but it could have happened."
Such was the quality of Christie's work on this book that many compared it to her 1926 novel "The Murder of Roger Ackroyd". For instance, an unnamed reviewer in the "Toronto Daily Star" of 16 March 1940 said, "Others have written better mysteries than Agatha Christie, but no one can touch her for ingenious plot and surprise ending. With "And Then There Were None" ... she is at her most ingenious and most surprising... is, indeed, considerably above the standard of her last few works and close to the "Roger Ackroyd" level."
Other critics laud the use of plot twists and surprise endings. Maurice Richardson wrote a rhapsodic review in "The Observer"'s issue of 5 November 1939 which began, "No wonder Agatha Christie's latest has sent her publishers into a vatic trance. We will refrain, however, from any invidious comparisons with "Roger Ackroyd" and be content with saying that "Ten Little Niggers" is one of the very best, most genuinely bewildering Christies yet written. We will also have to refrain from reviewing it thoroughly, as it is so full of shocks that even the mildest revelation would spoil some surprise from somebody, and I am sure that you would rather have your entertainment kept fresh than criticism pure." After stating the set-up of the plot, Richardson concluded, "Story telling and characterisation are right at the top of Mrs Christie's baleful form. Her plot may be highly artificial, but it is neat, brilliantly cunning, soundly constructed, and free from any of those red-herring false trails which sometimes disfigure her work."
Robert Barnard, a recent critic, concurred with the reviews, describing the book as "Suspenseful and menacing detective-story-cum-thriller. The closed setting with the succession of deaths is here taken to its logical conclusion, and the dangers of ludicrousness and sheer reader-disbelief are skillfully avoided. Probably the best-known Christie, and justifiably among the most popular."
The original name of the mystery ("Ten Little Niggers") has long been abandoned as offensive. (For example, a former chairman of the governing council of the Royal College of Nursing, Pat Bottrill, was pressured to resign after using the same three words during a meeting.) Some critics claim Christie's original title and the setting on "Nigger Island" changed to "Indian Island", for the reasons stated above are integral to the work. These aspects of the novel, argues Alison Light, "could be relied upon automatically to conjure up a thrilling 'otherness', a place where revelations about the 'dark side' of the English would be appropriate." Unlike novels such as "Heart of Darkness", "Christie's location is both more domesticated and privatised, taking for granted the construction of racial fears woven into psychic life as early as the nursery. If her story suggests how easy it is to play upon such fears, it is also a reminder of how intimately tied they are to sources of pleasure and enjoyment."
Adaptations.
"And Then There Were None" has had more adaptations than any other single work of Agatha Christie. They often used Christie's alternative ending from her 1943 stage play, with the setting often being changed to locations other than an island.
Stage.
In 1943, Agatha Christie adapted the story for the stage. In the process of doing so, she and the producers agreed that audiences might not flock to such a grim tale and it would not work well dramatically as there would be no one left to tell the tale. Thus, she reworked the ending for Lombard and Vera to be innocent of the crimes of which they were accused, survive, and fall in love with each other. Some of the names were also changed with General Macarthur becoming General McKenzie, most likely due to the same surnamed real-life General Douglas MacArthur playing a prominent role in the ongoing World War II. On 14 October 2005, a new version of the play, written by Kevin Elyot and directed by Steven Pimlott, opened at the Gielgud Theatre in London. For this version, Elyot returned to the original story and restored the original downbeat ending in which Lombard and Vera both die.
Dundee Rep has been given special permission to restore the brilliant denouement of the original novel to present a special production of this iconic murder mystery masterpiece. Amazingly a stage adaptation of the novel was first performed at the Rep in 1944 under the novel's original title. 
Film.
There have been numerous film adaptations of the novel, some faithful, some comedic. The first was René Clair's successful 1945 US production. The second cinema adaptation of the book was directed by George Pollock in 1965; Pollock had previously handled the four Miss Marple films starring Margaret Rutherford. This film transferred the setting from a remote island to a mountain retreat in Austria. Another variant of "And Then There Were None" made in 1974 was the first English-language color film version of the novel, directed by Peter Collinson from a screenplay by Harry Alan Towers (writing as "Peter Welbeck"), who co-wrote the screenplay for the 1965 film. This version was set at a grand hotel in the Iranian desert. A version from the USSR, "Desyat' negrityat" ("" "Ten Little Negroes") (1987) was written and directed by Stanislav Govorukhin and is the only cinema adaptation to use the novel's original ending. The most recent film, "Ten Little Indians", directed by Alan Birkinshaw, was made in 1989 and is set on safari in the African savannah.
Television.
Several variations of the original novel were adapted for television. For instance, there were two different British adaptions, the BBC adaption in 1949 and ITV adaptation in 1959. In addition, there was an American version, "Ten Little Indians", directed by Paul Bogart, Philip F. Falcone, Leo Farrenkopf and Dan Zampino, with the screenplay by Philip H. Reisman Jr., that was a truncated TV adaptation of the play. A West German adaptation, "Zehn kleine Negerlein", was directed by Hans Quest for ZDF in 1969. 
In 1970, Pierre Sabbagh directed "Dix petits nègres" for the French television adaption. In Cuba, the novel was adapted in 1981 in a black and white six parts series starring Yolanda Ruiz, Miguel Navarro and Fernando Robles in the Vera Claythorne, Philip Lombard and Justice Wargrave roles.
The CBS television show "Harper's Island" was loosely based on the book, however, it is set over 13 weeks, instead of the 1 or 2 in the original, there are 25 characters instead of 10, and there are survivors left at the end. 
The "Family Guy" episode "And Then There Were Fewer" was based on the book's title; much of the episode is a parody of the mystery.
"Mathnet" on Square One TV had a story arc, "The Case of the Mystery Weekend", based on this story, with a surprise ending. 
Radio.
On 13 November 2010, as part of its "Saturday Play" series, BBC Radio 4 broadcast a 90-minute adaptation written by Joy Wilkinson. The production was directed by Mary Peate and featured, among others, Geoffrey Whitehead as Justice Wargrave, Lyndsey Marshal as Vera Claythorne, Alex Wyndham as Phillip Lombard, John Rowe as Dr. Armstrong, and Joanna Monro as Emily Brent. In this production, which is extremely faithful to the novel, the rhyme is "Ten Little Soldier Boys". 
Other media.
The Adventure Company released the video game "" in 2005, the first in a series of PC games based on Christie novels. In February 2008, it was ported to the Wii console. The identity of the murderer is not that of the killer in the original book. The game player assumes the role of Fred Naracott, who is stranded with the others when his boat is scuttled. This allows for alternate, more successful endings in which Naracott survives and is able to prevent the final murders. "And Then There Were None" was released by HarperCollins as a graphic novel adaptation on 30 April 2009, adapted by François Rivière and illustrated by Frank Leclercq.
Related works.
The K.B.S. Productions Inc. film, "A Study in Scarlet" (1933), predates the publication of "Ten Little Indians" and follows a strikingly similar plot. Though it is a Sherlock Holmes movie, the movie bears no resemblance to Arthur Conan Doyle's original story of the same name. In this case, the rhyme refers to "Ten Little Fat Boys". The author of the movie's screenplay, Robert Florey, "doubted that had seen "A Study in Scarlet", but he regarded it as a compliment if it had helped inspire her".
Several parodies have been made. As early as autumn 1942, "World's Finest Comics" (#7, Fall Issue) had a Superman story by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster called "The Eight Doomed Men" which used Christie's basic structure and even borrowed a number of her victim's backgrounds, although Superman intervened to rescue half of the intended victims and the killer's motivation was changed to specific revenge. Siegel and Shuster anticipated the 1966 film by moving the locale to a mountain cabin and tossed in a Zeppelin-like dirigible – one location not yet used in adaptations of the story. Another parody, the 1976 Broadway musical "Something's Afoot", stars Tessie O'Shea as a female sleuth resembling Miss Marple. "Something's Afoot" takes place in a remote English estate, where six guests have been invited for the weekend. The guests, as well as three servants and a young man who claims to have wandered innocently onto the estate, are then murdered one by one, several in full view of the audience, with the murderer's surprise identity revealed at the end. For an encore, the murdered cast members perform a song, "I Owe It All to Agatha Christie".
In television, the story was spoofed in the 1966 "Get Smart" episode "Hoo Done It", which featured guest star Joey Forman as "Detective Harry Hoo", a parody of Charlie Chan. An episode of "Spider-Man and his Amazing Friends" titled "7 Little Superheroes" is, being a children's show, a murder-free adaptation of the story. The "Remington Steele" episode "Steele Trap" and "The Adventures of Brisco County, Jr." episode "Bounty Hunters Convention" were other television episodes inspired by the story. In the 1967 "The Avengers" adaption "The Superlative Seven" John Steed is invited to a costume party aboard a chartered aeroplane. The aeroplane is being flown by remote control. Steed and the six other fancy-dressed guests, who are specialists in various combat styles, eventually land on a deserted island where they are informed that one of them is a trained assassin trying to kill them all. Once the first murder is committed, a character comments, "And then there were six". 
Television tributes.
"The Avengers" aired an episode in 1967 wherein the main character of the series, John Steed, attended a party that turned out to have been a trap that landed him and six other people on a deserted island where they begin to be killed off one by one.
"" based an episode of the show's second season under the same name focusing on a gang of armed robbers stealing from casinos outside the Las Vegas metropolitan area with each criminal killing a member of the gang to keep more of the proceeds.

</doc>
<doc id="18949416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949416" title="Ephorus (disambiguation)">
Ephorus (disambiguation)

Ephorus or Ephoros may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18949427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949427" title="Las Cruces Bulletin">
Las Cruces Bulletin

Las Cruces Bulletin is a weekly community newspaper published in Las Cruces, New Mexico. The paper is distributed free to homes and businesses in Las Cruces and is available by paid subscription elsewhere.
History.
The Las Cruces Bulletin weekly newspaper was founded in 1969 by Ken Dahlstrom. First issue was published on December 4, 1969. On March 31, 1983, Dahlstrom sold the paper to Steve Klinger who converted the format from broadsheet to tabloid. The Bulletin was sold by Klinger in 1996 to Kilpatrick Newspapers, Inc. of Austin, Texas. Owner Mark Kilpatrick sold the newspaper to FIG Publications, LLC, owned by Jaki and David McCollum on May 1, 2003. On November 1, 2012 it was sold to OPC News.
Features.
The paper is published in three sections:
The paper carries the Greater Las Cruces Chamber of Commerce newsletter "The Bottom Line" as a monthly insert., and the bi-monthly El Prospero newspaper along with the Las Cruces Association of Realtors' 'Neighbor to Neighbor' publication.
Awards.
"Community Arts Award" was given to the Las Cruces Bulletin by Dona Ana County Council) in 2010.
In 2009, the Bulletin was named "Small Business of the Year" by the Hispano Chamber of Commerce de Las Cruces.
New Mexico State University presented their "Spirit of Service Award" to the Bulletin in 2008.
The paper's owner, FIG Publications, received a 2007 VIVA (Vision, Investment, Vitality and Action) Award from the Association of Commerce and Industry of New Mexico. The company was cited for "its work to provide a positive environment for employees and its dedication to local content".
In 2006, the Bulletin was named New Mexico's "Newspaper of the Year" by the New Mexico Farm and Livestock Bureau.
The paper's publisher, David McCollum, was named Citizen of the Year and the paper was named Business of the Year for 2005 by the Greater Las Cruces Chamber of Commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="18949430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949430" title="Secrets of the Stars">
Secrets of the Stars

Secrets of the Stars is a story of "The Sarah Jane Adventures" which was broadcast on CBBC on 20 and 27 October 2008. It is the third serial of the second series.
Plot.
Part 1.
The scene opens up on a woman, Cheryl visiting an astrologer to see her future in the stars. The man is a con artist, deceiving his customers to get money out of them, to which he finally admits this to the woman who has been visiting him frequently, and is using her mortgage money to pay. He walks to the window where a shooting star is heading exactly for his house, and he is possessed by an unknown being in front of the woman, and proceeds to possess her. Later, Luke, Clyde and Rani are visiting an exhibition with the freaky astrologer, Martin Trueman, as the event is free. Rani's Parents and Sarah Jane also show up and each person fills in a card with their birthday and star signs on it and hand it to Cheryl who is now working with the astrologer. Luke is slightly upset given that he does not have a star sign as he was never born, but activated.
The show starts and Trueman begins to ask random dates and three people including Clyde stand up, as this is their birthday, although Clyde is unsure why he stood up. Sarah Jane tells him its a trick of persuasion and she is sceptical about the entire show. Next he asks for a person and begins to tell truths about her life, as the woman herself is shocked but enjoying the show. Sarah Jane then tells Luke, Clyde and Rani that the woman was a plant and that Martin Trueman already knew her. Next Martin calls on Rani, and starts detailing that she has recently moved house and gives few details about her family. Rani is slightly amazed but not suspicious.
Next he calls on Sarah Jane Smith, and begins detailing her travels with the Doctor in front of the audience, no-one but Sarah Jane, Luke and Clyde (and possibly Rani) could know of these stories and Sarah Jane is instantly suspicious. Martin Trueman then predicts her downfall.
Part 2.
Clyde threatens Sarah Jane but they manage to talk him out of it, which leads Sarah Jane to believe that Trueman's control on people can be repressed by persuading them to do something that they do not normally want to do. Meanwhile, using in his broadcast to the world, Martin Trueman takes over each star sign one by one, starting with Gemini - including Rani's mother. The world is in confusion as people are accepting the 'Ancient Lights'. Sarah Jane and the gang head to the New Theatre in East Acton to stop the broadcast, but the possessed Children of Gemini threaten to stop them. Clyde bluffs his way through by making up horoscopes.
The Ancient Lights create a portal through to the theatre. Martin reveals that Luke's theory on the Ancient Lights is true. Martin insinuates that in the old universe, they used to control all lifeforms. The Ancient Lights survived the Big Bang and needed Martin Trueman to rule the world because, he was the 'Chosen One'. Sarah Jane tries to talk him out of it but to no avail. Rani and Luke try to shut down the broadcast by flicking the mains switch off, but it is protected by the Ancient Lights' energy. Rani is an Aries and eventually becomes possessed, leaving only people with the star-sign of Taurus, which includes Sarah Jane, not under Trueman's control. However Luke, who was not born and so does not have a star-sign, realises he can stop the power of the Ancient Lights by breaking Trueman's circle. Realising that he has been beaten, Trueman cannot bear to return to his former life and instead chooses to become one with the stars, disappearing in a trail of golden dust. In the aftermath, the unaware Earth authorities begin a search for Trueman, and Sarah Jane declares the date will be Luke's equivalent to a birthday.
Continuity.
"Part One" features a flashback of David Tennant as the Tenth Doctor using previously broadcast clips from "School Reunion" and "Journey's End". Sarah Jane mentions that she knows "what it's like to be taken over". Previously, she had been possessed in "Planet of the Spiders", "The Masque of Mandragora" and "The Hand of Fear". The idea of godlike entities from the universe before our own, deriving their powers from alien laws of physics which no longer apply, is a nod to Virgin Publishing's "Doctor Who New Adventures" range, for which scriptwriter Gareth Roberts wrote three novels. The Draconians are mentioned in "Part One". They featured in the "Doctor Who" story "Frontier in Space". Clyde mentions Luke nearly bringing the moon crashing down on Earth in "The Lost Boy". Sarah Jane speculates that Martin uses a biodamper, a device first seen in "The Runaway Bride".
Production.
Russ Abbot enjoyed his part as the villain, as it was different from other roles he had played.

</doc>
<doc id="18949432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949432" title="The Temptation of Sarah Jane Smith">
The Temptation of Sarah Jane Smith

The Temptation of Sarah Jane Smith is a story of "The Sarah Jane Adventures" which was broadcast on CBBC on 17 and 24 November 2008. It is the fifth serial of the second series.
Plot.
Part 1.
A child, Oscar, from the 1950s walks into a time fissure and is transported to the current year. Unbeknown to Sarah Jane, who takes him back, he did it deliberately under the command of the Trickster. She notices a milestone, which indicates that the village she can see in the distance is Foxgrove, the village where she was born. When Luke inquires about her odd behaviour, she shows him a photograph of her parents and tells him of how they abandoned her as a baby by the side of the road before being killed in a car accident, leaving her to be looked after by her aunt.
Though realising that the time fissure was a trap and initially refusing herself the opportunity to go back in time to find out the reason why her parents abandoned her, that evening she does so, but accompanied by Luke who had anticipated her actions. Rani and Clyde ask Mr Smith where they have gone, and realise that she has gone back to when her parents were alive. Then the puzzle box (from the serial "Whatever Happened to Sarah Jane?") suddenly lights up. Sarah Jane and Luke spot her mother at the village fete carrying Sarah Jane as a baby. When they shake hands with Sarah's father, they introduce themselves as David and Victoria Beckham. Luke spots the child they 'helped' earlier and follows him. Sarah Jane has a conversation with her mother, who reveals her plan is for Sarah Jane to have siblings. Sarah Jane leaves before she is forced to hold herself in baby form, which would have created a paradox. Upon seeing the date on a newspaper, Sarah Jane realises that 'today' is the day when her parents are about to abandon her. She ignores Luke's warning that changing time is not a good idea, so she sabotages her father's car with her sonic lipstick, thereby preventing her parents from leaving into their car. The child, Oscar, reveals that he is in fact a Graske. Sarah Jane and Luke go through the time fissure again and discover that present-day London has been destroyed. The Trickster then appears before Sarah Jane and mockingly thanks her for all she has done for him.
Part 2.
Sarah Jane demands to know how saving her parents could have altered time so drastically, to which the Trickster explains the village was built on a fault in time. Sarah Jane's tampering with a fixed point in time opened this fault, allowing the Trickster to physically enter their reality and ravage Earth for the last half century. Sarah Jane and Luke go back through the fissure as the Trickster gloats he has already won.
Meanwhile, Clyde and Rani explore the ruined London, reduced to rock formations and worked by the last surviving human slaves who are led by the Trickster's Graske. The slaves are being made to mine resources so that the Trickster may create a ship and extend his reach to the rest of the universe. Clyde and Rani implore the Graske to help them restore the original timeline but he explains that if he did the Trickster would punish him; years ago the Graske had nearly died in space, but had been saved by the Trickster in return for eternal servitude. Clyde promises the Graske that if he helps them, they will give him the puzzle box to free him from the Trickster. The Graske agrees and reopens the fissure so that Rani can tell Sarah Jane the new information.
In the past, Sarah Jane's parents come to realise who she is and what she was trying to prevent. However, their touch now instantly withers any organic life they hold and they realise it is their destiny to drive off this day. After telling their daughter how proud they are of her, they both enter the new repaired car and drive off. The Trickster begins to fade, unable to see how the timeline could have been restored. Sarah Jane proudly states that the Trickster's plan never considered that her parents would willingly sacrifice themselves to save the world. The Trickster vanishes, howling in pain.
Back in the modern day, the timeline is restored around the Graske and Clyde, who gives the alien the box. The Graske teleports away, beaming over its newly returned freedom. The fissure reopens as Sarah Jane, Luke and Rani return.
Later at home, Sarah Jane reminisces over her parents. Although she could not save them, she finally knows why they left and is incredibly proud of them. Mysteriously, the camera pans to an old piece of paper reading ""Mr Smith, I Need You"" on Sarah Jane's desk.

</doc>
<doc id="18949437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949437" title="Free Software Foundation">
Free Software Foundation

The Free Software Foundation (FSF) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization founded by Richard Stallman on 4 October 1985 to support the free software movement, which promotes the universal freedom to create, distribute and modify computer software, with the organization's preference for software being distributed under copyleft ("share alike") terms, such as with its own GNU General Public License. The FSF was incorporated in Massachusetts, USA, where it is also based.
From its founding until the mid-1990s, FSF's funds were mostly used to employ software developers to write free software for the GNU Project. Since the mid-1990s, the FSF's employees and volunteers have mostly worked on legal and structural issues for the free software movement and the free software community.
Consistent with its goals, only free software is used on FSF's computers.
History.
The Free Software Foundation was founded in 1985 as a non-profit corporation supporting free software development. It continued existing GNU projects such as the sale of manuals and tapes, and employed developers of the free software system. Since then, it has continued these activities, as well as advocating for the free software movement. The FSF is also the steward of several free software licenses, meaning they publish them and have the ability to make revisions as needed.
In March 2003, SCO filed suit against IBM alleging that IBM's contributions to various free software, including FSF's GNU, violated SCO's rights. While FSF was never a party to the lawsuit, FSF was subpoenaed on November 5, 2003. During 2003 and 2004, FSF put substantial advocacy effort into responding to the lawsuit and quelling its negative impact on the adoption and promotion of free software.
In 2007, the FSF published the third version of the GNU General Public License after significant outside input.
The FSF holds the copyrights on many pieces of the GNU system, such as GNU Compiler Collection. As holder of these copyrights, it has the authority to enforce the copyleft requirements of the GNU General Public License (GPL) when copyright infringement occurs on that software. While other copyright holders of other software systems adopted the GPL as their license, FSF was the only organization to regularly assert its copyright interests on software so licensed until Harald Welte launched gpl-violations.org in 2004.
From 1991 until 2001, GPL enforcement was done informally, usually by Stallman himself, often with assistance from FSF's lawyer, Eben Moglen. Typically, GPL violations during this time were cleared up by short email exchanges between Stallman and the violator.
In late 2001, Bradley M. Kuhn (then Executive Director), with the assistance of Moglen, David Turner, and Peter T. Brown, formalized these efforts into FSF's GPL Compliance Labs. From 2002-2004, high profile GPL enforcement cases, such as those against Linksys and OpenTV, became frequent.
GPL enforcement and educational campaigns on GPL compliance was a major focus of the FSF's efforts during this period.
In December 2008 FSF filed a lawsuit against Cisco for using GPL-licensed components shipped with Linksys products. Cisco was notified of the licensing issue in 2003 but Cisco repeatedly disregarded its obligations under the GPL. In May 2009, FSF dropped the lawsuit when Cisco agreed to make a monetary donation to the FSF and appoint a Free Software Director to conduct continuous reviews of the company's license compliance practices.
From 2003 to 2005, FSF held legal seminars to explain the GPL and the law around it. Usually taught by Bradley M. Kuhn and Daniel Ravicher, these seminars offered CLE credit and were the first effort to give formal legal education on the GPL.
High priority projects.
The FSF maintains a list of "high priority projects" to which the Foundation claims that ""there is a vital need to draw the free software community's attention"". The FSF considers these projects ""important because computer users are continually being seduced into using non-free software, because there is no adequate free replacement.""
Previous projects highlighted as needing work included the Free Java implementations, GNU Classpath, and GNU Compiler for Java, which ensure compatibility for the Java part of OpenOffice.org, and the GNOME desktop environment (see Java: Licensing).
The effort has been criticized for either not instigating active development or for being slow at the work being done, even after certain projects were added to the list.
Hardware endorsements.
The FSF maintains a "Respects Your Freedom hardware certification" program. To be granted certification, a product must use 100% Free Software, allow user installation of modified software, be free of back doors and conform with several other requirements. 
Currently, a total of four products have been granted the certification:
Structure.
The FSF's board of directors includes:
Previous board members include:
The FSF Board of Directors is elected by the Voting Membership, whose powers include at least this are outlined in the by-laws: 
There are currently no known documents available that indicate the composition of the FSF's Voting Membership.
John Sullivan is the current FSF Executive Director. Previous members that occupied the position were Peter Brown (2005–2010) and Bradley M. Kuhn (2001–2005).
At any given time, there are usually around a dozen employees. Most, but not all, work at the FSF headquarters in Boston, Massachusetts.
Eben Moglen and Dan Ravicher previously served individually as pro bono legal counsel to the FSF. Since the forming of the Software Freedom Law Center, legal services to the FSF are provided by that organization.
On November 25, 2002, the FSF launched the FSF Associate Membership program for individuals. Bradley M. Kuhn (FSF Executive Director, 2001–2005) launched the program and also signed up as the first Associate Member
Associate members hold a purely honorary and funding support role to the FSF.
Criticism.
Linus Torvalds has criticized FSF for using GPLv3 as a weapon in their fight against DRM. Torvalds argues that the issue of DRM and that of a software license should be treated as two separate issues.
On June 16, 2010, Joe Brockmeier, a journalist at Linux Magazine, criticized the Defective by Design campaign by the FSF as "negative" and "juvenile" and not being adequate for providing users with "credible alternatives" to proprietary software. FSF responded to this criticism by saying "that there is a fundamental difference between speaking out against policies or actions and smear campaigns", and "that if one is taking an ethical position, it is justified, and often necessary, to not only speak about the benefits of freedom but against acts of dispossession and disenfranchisement."

</doc>
<doc id="18949441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949441" title="Western States Roofing Contractors Association">
Western States Roofing Contractors Association

The Western States Roofing Contractors Association (WSRCA) is a trade association serving the roofing industry of the Western United States. Founded in 1974, WSRCA also hosts the annual Western Roofing Expo. The WSRCA supports the roofing industry and its members by providing access to trade publications, legal and technical advice and other services. The WSRCA is based in Morgan Hill, California. Many of the roofing industry's largest roofing contractors, consultants, manufacturers and suppliers are currently members. 
Western Roofing Expo.
The Western Roofing Expo is a trade show targeted at the roofing industry. Many of the largest manufacturers and suppliers of roofing materials and services in the United States participate in the Expo as exhibitors. The Western Roofing Expo is the largest regional roofing expo in the United States and attracts nearly 3000 attendees annually. The Expo takes place every June at the Paris Las Vegas.
Non-Profit Foundation.
The WSRCA also oversees the non-profit Davis Memorial Foundation, which provides academic scholarships to college or trade school bound students and one for a qualified roofer. The DMF raises its funds through events such as, a golf tournament, a sporting clays tournament, a live and silent auction and through donations.

</doc>
<doc id="18949448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949448" title="James Phillips (Canadian musician)">
James Phillips (Canadian musician)

James Phillips is a Canadian multi-instrumentalist, producer and engineer hailing from Tyne Valley, Prince Edward Island. He has performed as a member of many acclaimed Island acts including the Saddle River Stringband, the James Phillips Trio, Sweetheart Jim and the Brothers Grim, The New Drifts, La Funk 6 and many more. He has also worked closely with an assortment of talented maritime artists including Catherine MacLellan and Nathan Wiley. He has won an ECMA for his work on Saddle River’s self-titled debut as well as a PEI Music Award for Best Bluegrass Recording & Best New Artist (Saddle River String Band).

</doc>
<doc id="18949452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949452" title="George Matsumoto">
George Matsumoto

George Matsumoto (born July 16, 1922) is an American architect and educator who is known for his Modernist designs.
George Matsumoto was born in 1922 in San Francisco, California. He attended the University of California at Berkeley in architecture, but due to his internment during World War II as were other Japanese-Americans, Matsumoto completed his undergraduate education at Washington University in Saint Louis. He earned his graduate degree from Cranbrook Academy of Art in Michigan, studying under Eliel Saarinen.
Completing his graduate studies in 1945, Matsumoto joined the firm of Skidmore, Owings, and Merrill in Chicago and in 1946, joined the firm of Saarinen and Swanson. While with Saarinen and Swanson, he, along with Terry Waugh and David Greer, won the "Better Chicago Contest" with a cash prize of $10,000. Their winning entry was a comprehensive regional plan for greater Chicago.
Following a year of private practice in Kansas City, Missouri, Matsumoto joined the department of architecture at the University of Oklahoma as an instructor. A year later, he moved with the head of the school of architecture, Henry L. Kamphoefner, to the new School of Design at North Carolina State University.
Kamphoefner was appointed as the first dean of the School of Design and he brought with him several students and faculty from the University of Oklahoma. During his tenure at the School of Design Matsumoto won over thirty awards for his housing designs and his achievements were published 
internationally. Some of his most well-known and acclaimed designs in North Carolina include the George W. Poland residence in Raleigh, N.C., the Matsumoto Residence, also in Raleigh, N.C., the E.M. Lipman Residence in Richmond, V.A., the Milton Julian Residence in Chapel Hill, N.C., the J.Gregory Poole Resident in Raleigh, N.C., which he designed with G. Milton Small, Jr., the Ritcher House in Raleigh, N.C., which he designed with Kamphoefner, and the E.K. Thrower Residence in Sedgefield (Greensboro), N.C. His houses are notable for their simplicity, rigor and residential interpretation of the International Style.
After leaving the School of Design in 1961, Matsumoto returned to California to teach at the University of California at Berkeley and later opened a successful practice that did work in commercial, educational and recreational work, as well as campus and community planning. He was elected a fellow of the American Institute of Architects in 1973.
Currently, Matsumoto is retired and living in Oakland, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18949461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949461" title="Fiction">
Fiction

Fiction is the form of any work that deals, in part or in whole, with information or events that are not real, but rather, imaginary and theoretical—that is, invented by the author. Although the term fiction refers in particular to novels and short stories, it may also refer to a theatrical, cinematic, or musical work. Fiction contrasts with non-fiction, which deals exclusively with factual (or, at least, assumed factual) events, descriptions, observations, etc. 
Features.
Realistic fiction.
Realistic fiction, although untrue, could actually happen. Some events, people, and places may even be real. It may be possible that, in the future, imagined events could physically happen. For example, Jules Verne's novel "From The Earth To The Moon" was proven possible in 1969, when Neil Armstrong landed on the Moon. Science fiction often predicts technologies that later become a reality.
Another sub-genre that may be included in this is crime fiction like Sherlock Holmes by Arthur Conan Doyle, Hercule Poirot by Agatha Christie, Gremlin Greaves by Svaj Darwin and so on. All these works depict a fictional but plausible story.
Historical fiction is also a sub-genre that takes fictional characters and puts them into real world events. For example, Diana Gabaldon's characters in "The Outlander" series involves time travel and love in Scotland but also contains historical events such as the Battle of Culloden.
Non-realistic fiction.
Non-realistic fiction is that in which the story's events could not happen in real life, which involve an alternate form of history of mankind other than that recorded, or need impossible technology. A good deal of fiction books are like this, including works by Lewis Carroll ("Alice In Wonderland"), J. K. Rowling (Harry Potter), and J. R. R. Tolkien ("The Lord of the Rings").
However, even fantastic literature is bidimensional: it is situated between the poles of realism and the marvelous or mythic. Geographical details, character descriptions etc. create a rhetoric of realism, which "invites the reader to ignore the text's artifice, to suspend one's disbelief, exercise poetic faith and thereby indulge in the narrative's imaginative world". The bidimensionality appears within the story as astonishment or frightening. According to G. W. Young and G. Wolfe, fictional realities outside the text are evoked, and the reader's previous conceptions of reality are exposed as incomplete. Hence, "by fiction is one able to gain even fuller constructs of what constitutes reality". On the other hand, the infinite fictional possibilities signal the impossibility of fully knowing reality. There is no criterion to measure constructs of reality – in the last resort they are "entirely fictional".
Semi-fiction.
Semi-fiction is fiction implementing a great deal of non-fiction, for example: a fictional depiction "based on a true story", or a fictionalized account, or a reconstructed biography.
Often, even when the author claims the story is true, there may be significant additions and subtractions from the true story to make it more suitable for storytelling.
Quotes.
Even among writing instructors and bestselling authors, there is little consensus regarding the number and composition of the fundamental elements of fiction. For example:
As stated by Janet Evanovich, "Effective writing requires an understanding of the fundamental elements of storytelling, such as point of view, dialogue, and setting. " The debate continues as to the number and composition of the fundamental elements of fiction. 
Elements.
Plot.
Plot is what the character(s) did, said, and thought. It is the Action Proper given unity by the Enveloping Action, the Universal Action, the Archetypal Action. As Aristotle said, What gives a story unity is not as the masses believe that it is about one person but that it is about one action. Plot, or storyline, is often listed as one of the fundamental elements of fiction. It is the rendering and ordering of the events and actions of a story. On a micro level, plot consists of action and reaction, also referred to as stimulus and response. On a macro level, plot has a beginning, a middle, and an ending. Plot is often depicted as an arc with a zig-zag line to represent the rise and fall of action. Plot also has a mid-level structure: scene and summary. 
A scene is a unit of drama – where the action occurs. Then, after a transition of some sort, comes the summary – an emotional reaction and regrouping, an aftermath. For a delightful tongue-in-cheek comment on plot, see Katherine Anne Porter's "No Plot, My Dear, No Story" in "The Occasional Writings and Collected Essays of Katherine Anne Porter", Seymour Lawrence, 1970.
Exposition.
Exposition is the portion of a narrative that introduces important background information to the reader (like events occurring before the main plot or a character's backstory) but is not part of the plot's action itself. If the exposition is too didactic, it can kill the plot's momentum. Therefore a number of literary techniques are used to hide from, or otherwise misdirect, the reader's attention. These techniques include: flashbacks, incidental dialog (having a character refer to his sister as "Sis"), first-person thoughts of the past ("Years ago, when I was serving in Africa...") or projections into the future ("It was not until years later when I learned that...") and third-person, all-seeing narrative but split up into small pieces spread throughout the story.
Foreshadowing.
Foreshadowing is a technique used by authors to provide clues so the reader can predict what might occur "later" in the story. An author drops subtle hints about plot developments to come later in the story. It prepares the reader for later action and subsequent images so that the reader or spectator is not jarred and verisimilitude is maintained even in science fiction, fantasy, magical realism, and other genres that might otherwise test credulity. If such preparation is recognized as such by the reader or spectator, it may be ineffective and artificial.
Rising action.
The rising action, in the narrative of a work of fiction, follows the exposition and leads up to the climax. The rising action's purpose is usually to build suspense all the way up the climactic finish. The rising action should not be confused with the middle of the story, but is the action right before the climax. The material beyond the climax is known as the falling action.
Climax.
In a work of fiction, the climax often resembles that of the classical comedy, occurring near the end of the text or performance, after the rising action and before the falling action. It is the moment of greatest danger for the protagonist(s) and usually consists of a seemingly inevitable prospect of failure – it surprises you to the point that gets you excited to see what is to come in the end.
A climax often includes three elements. The most important element is that the protagonist experiences a change. The main character discovers something about himself or herself, and another unknown character. The last element is revealing the theme itself.
Falling action.
The falling action is the part of a story, usually found in tragedies and short stories, following the climax and showing the effects of the climax. It leads up to the denouement (or catastrophe). Where the story is settling down and you start to get the climax and where it might be resolved.
Resolution.
Resolution occurs after the climax, where the conflict is resolved. It may contain a moment of final suspense, during which the final outcome of the conflict is in doubt.
Conflict.
Conflict is generally speaking a necessary element of fictional literature. As Brooks and Warren said in "Understanding Fiction" and as many others have noted, no conflict, no story. Often it is difficult for readers to discern conflict in sophisticated fiction but its locus is always focused on the protagonist. In order for the story to engage the reader or spectator, the conflict can usually be discerned as immediate, urgent, and insoluble. Furthermore, the conflict that is one between good and evil depends upon whether the reader or spectator prefers good or evil and is thus a slight story at best. It is defined as the problem in any piece of literature and is often classified according to the nature of the protagonist or antagonist, as follows:
Types of conflict.
There are five widely cited types of conflict. Many other types of conflict such as Person vs. God are generally thought to fall into one of these categories. In many ancient cultures Person vs. Fate would often constitute the conflict of the story. In modern times, Person vs. Machine, also known as Person vs. Technology, has become another one.
Person vs. Self is the theme in literature that places a character against their own will, confusion, or fears. Person vs. Self can also be where a character tries to find out who they are or comes to a realization or a change in character. Although the struggle is internal, the character can be influenced by external forces. The struggle of the human being to come to a decision is the basis of Person vs. Self. Examples include the titular character of "Beowulf". More recently, the Academy Award winning movie "A Beautiful Mind" has been posited as an application of Person vs. Self. Faulkner in his Nobel Prize acceptance speech noted that the great stories are those of the human heart in conflict with itself. With that in mind the other conflicts enumerated here can fade into the background as part of the setting rather than the conflict-in-itself of any given story. A simple, ready example may be Jack London's "To Build a Fire" wherein we can see that the conflict is not Man vs. Nature but Man vs. His Own Nature.
Person vs. Person is a theme in literature in which the main character's conflict with another person is the focus of the story. An example is the hero's conflicts with the central villain of a work, which may play a large role in the plot and contribute to the development of both characters. There are usually several confrontations before the climax is reached. The conflict is external. An example is the conflict between Judah and Messala in "", as would be the conflict between a bully and his victim.
Person vs. Society is a theme in fiction in which a main character's, or group of main characters', main source of conflict is social traditions or concepts. In this sense, the two parties are: a) the protagonist(s); b) the society of which the protagonist(s) are included. Society itself is often looked at as a single character, just as an opposing party would be looked at in a "Person vs. Person" conflict. This can also be one protagonist against a group or society of antagonists or society led by some antagonistic force. Examples in literature would include the short story "The Ones that Walk away from Omelas" by Ursula K. Le Guin or the novel "Wuthering Heights" by Emily Brontë.
Person vs. Nature is the theme in literature that places a character against forces of nature. Many disaster films focus on this theme, which is predominant within many survival stories. It is also strong in stories about struggling for survival in remote locales, such as Gary Paulson's "Hatchet" or Jack London's short story "To Build a Fire".
Person vs. Supernatural is a theme in literature that places a character against supernatural forces. When an entity is in conflict with him-, her-, or itself, the conflict is categorized as internal, otherwise, it is external. Such stories are often seen in Freudian Criticism as representations of id vs. superego. Bram Stoker's "Dracula" is a good example of this, as well as "Frankenstein" by Mary Shelley and "Christabel" by Samuel Coleridge. It is also very common in comic books.
Character.
Characterization is often listed as one of the fundamental elements of fiction. A character is a participant in the story, and is usually a person, but may be any personal identity, or entity whose existence originates from a fictional work or performance.
Characters may be of several types:
Symbolism.
Symbolism is the applied use of symbols: iconic representations that carry particular conventional meanings.
The term "symbolism" is limited to use in contrast to "representationalism"; defining the general directions of a linear spectrum – where in all symbolic concepts can be viewed in relation, and where changes in context may imply systemic changes to individual and collective definitions of symbols. "Symbolism" may refer to a way of choosing representative symbols in line with abstract rather than literal properties, allowing for the broader interpretation of a carried meaning than more literal concept-representations allow. A religion can be described as a language of concepts related to human spirituality. Symbolism hence is an important aspect of most religions.
The interpretation of abstract symbols has had an important role in religion and psychoanalysis. As envisioned by Sigmund Freud and Carl Jung, symbols are not the creations of mind, but rather are distinct capacities within the mind to hold a distinct piece of information. In the mind, the symbol can find free association with any number of other symbols, can be organized in any number of ways, and can hold the connected meanings between symbols as symbols in themselves. Jung and Freud diverged on the issue of common cognitive symbol systems and whether they could exist only within the individual mind or among other minds; whether any cognitive symbolism was defined by innate symbolism or by the influence of the environment around them.
Metaphor.
Metaphor (from the Greek language: Meaning "apply", literally "carry across") is language that directly compares seemingly unrelated subjects. It is a figure of speech that compares two or more things not using like or as. In the simplest case, this takes the form: "The "subject" is a "subject"." More generally, a metaphor is a rhetorical trope that describes a first subject as "being" or "equal to" a second object in some way. Thus, the first subject can be economically described because implicit and explicit attributes from the second subject are used to enhance the description of the first. This is known for usage in literature, especially in poetry, where with few words, emotions and associations from one context are associated with objects and entities in a different context. A simpler definition is the comparison of two unrelated things without using the words "like" or "as".
The term derives from Greek "μεταφορά" ("metaphora"), or "transference", from "μεταφέρω" ("metaphero") "to carry over, to transfer" and that from "μετά" ("meta"), "between" + "φέρω" ("phero"), "to bear, to carry".
Types of plots.
Chronological order.
With chronological order, all of the events occur in the text in the order they happen. There may be references to events from the past or future, however the events are written in time order. There are no flashbacks or flash-forwards.
Flashback.
In history, film, television and other media, a flashback (also called analepsis) is an interjected scene that takes the narrative back in time from the current point the story has reached. Flashbacks are often used to recount events that happened prior to the story's primary sequence of events or to fill in crucial backstory. Character origin flashbacks specifically refers to flashbacks dealing with key events early in a character's development (Clark Kent discovering he could fly, for example, or the Elric brothers' attempt to bring back their mother). The television show Lost is particularly well known for extensive use of flashbacks in almost every episode. In the opposite direction, a flashforward (or prolepsis) reveals events that occur in the future. The technique is used to create suspense in a story, or develop a character. In literature, internal analepsis is a flashback to an earlier point in the narrative; external analepsis is a flashback to before the narrative started.
Setting.
Setting, the location and time of a story, is often listed as one of the fundamental elements of fiction. Sometimes setting is referred to as milieu, to include a context (such as society) beyond the immediate surroundings of the story. In some cases, setting becomes a character itself and can set the tone of a story .
Theme.
Theme, a conceptual distillation of the story, is often listed as one of the fundamental elements of fiction. It is the central idea or insight serving as a unifying element, creating cohesion and is an answer to the question, 'What did you learn from the piece of fiction?' In some cases a story's theme is a prominent element and somewhat unmistakable .
Style.
Style is not so much "what" is written, but "how" it is written and interpreted. Style in fiction refers to language conventions used to construct the story or article. A fiction writer may manipulate diction, sentence structure, phrasing, dialogue, and other aspects of language to create style or mood. The communicative effect created by the author's style is sometimes referred to as the story's voice. Every writer has his or her own unique style, or voice . Style is sometimes listed as one of the fundamental elements of fiction.
Writer Philip Roth defined the ""sensuous" aspects of fiction" as "tone, mood, voice, and, among other things, the juxtaposition of the narrative events themselves".
Categories.
Types of prose fiction:
Forms.
Traditionally, fiction includes novels, short stories, fables, fairy tales, plays, poetry, but it now also encompasses films, comic books, and video games. Professional wrestling is a scripted show that mimics fighting competitions.
The Internet has had a major impact on the distribution of fiction, calling into question the feasibility of copyright as a means to ensure royalties are paid to copyright holders. Also, digital libraries such as Project Gutenberg make public domain texts more readily available. The combination of inexpensive home computers, the Internet and the creativity of its users has also led to new forms of fiction, such as interactive computer games or computer-generated comics. Countless forums for fan fiction can be found online, where loyal followers of specific fictional realms create and distribute derivative stories. The Internet is also used for the development of blog fiction, where a story is delivered through a blog either as flash fiction or serialblog, and collaborative fiction, where a story is written sequentially by different authors, or the entire text can be revised by anyone using a wiki.
Uses.
Although fiction may be viewed as a form of entertainment, it has other uses. Fiction has been used for instructional purposes, such as fictional examples used in school textbooks. It may be used in propaganda and advertising. Although they are not necessarily targeted at children, fables offer an explicit moral goal.
It may be used for educational and learning purposes in corporate training programs for delivering valuable management and behavioral lessons.
A whole branch of literature crossing entertainment and science speculation is science fiction. A less common similar cross is the philosophical fiction hybridizing fiction and philosophy, thereby often crossing the border towards propaganda fiction. These kinds of fictions constitute thought experiments exploring consequences of certain technologies or philosophies.

</doc>
<doc id="18949466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949466" title="Floyd Robinson (singer)">
Floyd Robinson (singer)

Floyd Robinson (born 1938) was an American country singer, who was briefly successful in the late 1950s.
Career.
Music.
Robinson's music is similar stylistically to that of John D. Loudermilk, and Robinson, like Loudermilk, worked as a songwriter. Among his songwriting contributions was "The Little Space Girl", a hit for his cousin, Jesse Lee Turner. Robinson recorded for King Records (1954), RCA Victor, Dot, Jamie, and Groove over the course of his career, and released a full-length album on RCA. He scored one hit single in the US, "Makin' Love", which reached No. 27 on the "Billboard" Black Singles chart, and No. 20 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1959. The track reached No. 9 in the UK Singles Chart the same year.
In the US, 'Makin' Love' was controversial because of its suggestive sexual content and many radio stations pulled it from the airwaves after only a few weeks.
Golden Sandy Records released a compilation album of Robinson's recorded output, including his entire 1959 full-length, on CD in 1994.
Other.
In the 1990s Robinson self-published two books, the instruction manual "Guitar Playing Made Easy" (1992), and the novel "The Guitar" (1994). He owns a used car dealership, but is still active in the music industry.

</doc>
<doc id="18949470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949470" title="Daniel G. Taylor">
Daniel G. Taylor

Daniel G. Taylor (November 15, 1819– October 8, 1878) was the seventeenth mayor of St. Louis, Missouri, serving from 1861 to 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="18949478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949478" title="Nate Ravitz">
Nate Ravitz

Nate Ravitz is deputy editor for ESPN.com Fantasy, which focuses on fantasy sports. Apart from his internal duties for ESPN, Ravitz is best known as the co-host (along with Matthew Berry)of the Fantasy Focus Football Podcast. He used to host the Fantasy Baseball podcast as well, but he stepped down after the 2013 season. He also used provide analysis for the Fantasy Focus Video Podcast, as well as other written analysis for ESPN.com.
Career.
Ravitz began working in fantasy sports as a part-time sports writer for Total Quality Stats in 1998 and went on to found the website Roto Times, where he served as the executive director. He was eventually lured to ESPN, where he currently works as their deputy editor for fantasy. Ravitz's most public work with ESPN is as the co-host of fantasy football-themed podcast along with Matthew Berry. While the shows are based on fantasy football, popular culture topics as well as personal stories make up a large portion of each show. The podcast features recurring themes. He used to host a baseball themed "Fantasy Focus" podcast with Berry, Eric Karabell, and Tristan H. Cockcroft, however, he and Berry both stepped down after the 2013 season.
Fantasy Focus Podcast.
The Name Game.
"The Name Game" is a rapid-fire question and answer segment, in which two players' values are compared against each other, with one ultimately being deemed the better choice based upon the fantasy league being discussed. The players discussed are often requested by listeners of the show, who submit their questions via email.
Man's League.
The Man's League is a fantasy league in which the listeners of the show play against the show's producer, Jay Soderberg (aka Pod Vader). The name "Man's League" comes from the high number of team owners the league has, forcing each owner to use lesser known professional players to complete their roster, thus increasing the difficulty. Competition to be chosen for the league is very high, and listeners often have to go to extreme lengths to be selected to play.
The Board.
Ravitz, Berry, Karabell and Cockcroft make contradicting predictions on many zany issues, including how players will fare in an upcoming fantasy season, single week performance, and pop culture issues. These predictions are tracked "on the board", with the winner being the host who has the most accurate predictions at the end of the season.
Personal.
Though Ravitz was born in New Jersey, he grew up in Kalamazoo, Michigan and graduated from the University of Michigan with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English.
Ravitz is married and resides with his wife Andrea in the Bristol, Connecticut area. He is a New York Jets and New York Mets fan and an avid fan of professional wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="18949489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949489" title="Ephorus the Younger">
Ephorus the Younger

Ephorus or Ephoros (Ancient Greek: ), of Kyme in Aeolia, in Asia Minor, was an ancient Greek historian. He is called "the Younger" to distinguish him from Ephorus, his earlier colleague from the same town.
Ephorus the Younger is mentioned only by Suidas, according to whom he wrote a history of Galienus in twenty-seven books, a work on Corinth, one on the Aleuadae, and a few others. The name Galienus in this account, it should be observed, is only a correction of Volaterranus, for the common reading in Suidas is "Galênou".

</doc>
<doc id="18949493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949493" title="Furkan Ulaş Memiş">
Furkan Ulaş Memiş

Furkan Ulaş Memiş (born April 22, 1991) is a Turkish amateur boxer competing in the bantamweight division. 
Memiş was born in Trabzon. At , he weighs .
He competed at the 2008 Olympics in flyweight but was defeated in his first bout by Indian Jitender Kumar. At the 2011 European Amateur Championships held in Ankara, Turkey, he won the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18949495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949495" title="Vale of Lune RUFC">
Vale of Lune RUFC

Vale Of Lune Rugby Union Football Club is an English rugby union club based in Lancaster. The first team currently plays in North 1 West, a sixth level league in the English league system.

</doc>
<doc id="18949501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949501" title="Open Directory Project">
Open Directory Project

The Open Directory Project (ODP), also known as DMOZ (from "directory.mozilla.org", its original domain name), is a multilingual open content directory of World Wide Web links. It is owned by AOL but it is constructed and maintained by a community of volunteer editors.
ODP uses a hierarchical ontology scheme for organizing site listings. Listings on a similar topic are grouped into categories which can then include smaller categories.
Project information.
ODP was founded in the United States as Gnuhoo by Rich Skrenta and Bob Truel in 1998 while they were both working as engineers for Sun Microsystems. Chris Tolles, who worked at Sun Microsystems as the head of marketing for network security products, also signed on in 1998 as a co-founder of Gnuhoo along with co-founders Bryn Dole and Jeremy Wenokur. Skrenta had developed TASS, an ancestor of tin, the popular threaded Usenet newsreader for Unix systems. Coincidentally, the original category structure of the Gnuhoo directory was based loosely on the structure of Usenet newsgroups then in existence.
The Gnuhoo directory went live on June 5, 1998. After a "Slashdot" article suggested that Gnuhoo had nothing in common with the spirit of free software, for which the GNU project was known, Richard Stallman and the Free Software Foundation objected to the use of Gnu. So Gnuhoo was changed to NewHoo. Yahoo! then objected to the use of "Hoo" in the name, prompting them to switch the name again. ZURL was the likely choice. However, before the switch to ZURL, NewHoo was acquired by Netscape Communications Corporation in October 1998 and became the Open Directory Project. Netscape released the ODP data under the Open Directory License. Netscape was acquired by AOL shortly thereafter and ODP was one of the assets included in the acquisition.
By the time Netscape assumed stewardship, the Open Directory Project had about 100,000 URLs indexed with contributions from about 4500 editors. On October 5, 1999, the number of URLs indexed by ODP reached one million. According to an unofficial estimate, the URLs in the Open Directory numbered 1.6 million in April 2000, surpassing those in the Yahoo! Directory. ODP achieved the milestones of indexing two million URLs on August 14, 2000, three million listings on November 18, 2001 and four million on December 3, 2003. As of April, 2013 there were 5,169,995 sites listed in over 1,017,500 categories.
From January 2006 the Open Directory published online reports to inform the public about the development of the project. The first report covered the year 2005. Monthly reports were issued subsequently until September 2006. These reports gave greater insight into the functioning of the directory than the simplified statistics given on the front page of the directory. The number of listings and categories cited on the front page include "Test" and "Bookmarks" categories but these are not included in the RDF dump offered to users. The total number of editors who have contributed to the directory as of March 31, 2007 was 75,151. There were about 7330 active editors during August 2006. As of April 2013 there were 97,584 editors.
System failure and editing outage, October to December 2006.
On October 20, 2006, the ODP's main server suffered a catastrophic failure of the system that prevented editors from working on the directory until December 18, 2006. During that period, an older build of the directory was visible to the public. On January 13, 2007, the Site Suggestion and Update Listings forms were again made available. On January 26, 2007, weekly publication of RDF dumps resumed. To avoid future outages, the system now resides on a redundant configuration of two Intel-based servers.
Competing and spinoff projects.
As the ODP became more widely known, two other major web directories edited by volunteers and sponsored by Go.com and Zeal emerged, both now defunct. These directories did not license their content for open content distribution.
The concept of using a large-scale community of editors to compile online content has been successfully applied to other types of projects. ODP's editing model directly inspired at least three other open content volunteer projects: music site MusicMoz, an open content restaurant directory known as ChefMoz and an encyclopedia known as Open Site. Finally, according to Larry Sanger, the ODP was part of the inspiration for the Nupedia project, out of which Wikipedia grew. 
Content.
Gnuhoo borrowed the basic outline for its initial ontology from Usenet. In 1998, Rich Skrenta said, "I took a long list of groups and hand-edited them into a hierarchy." For example, the topic covered by the comp.ai.alife newsgroup was represented by the category Computers/AI/Artificial_Life. The original divisions were for "Adult", "Arts", "Business", "Computers", "Games", "Health", "Home", "News", "Recreation", "Reference", "Regional", "Science", "Shopping", "Society", "Sports" and "World". While these sixteen "top-level" categories have remained intact, the ontology of second- and lower-level categories has undergone a gradual evolution; significant changes are initiated by discussion among editors and then implemented when consensus has been reached.
In July 1998, the directory became multilingual with the addition of the "World" top-level category. The remainder of the directory lists only English language sites. By May 2005, seventy-five languages were represented. The growth rate of the non-English components of the directory has been greater than the English component since 2002. While the English component of the directory held almost 75% of the sites in 2003, the "World" level grew to over 1.5 million sites as of May 2005, forming roughly one-third of the directory. The ontology in non-English categories generally mirrors that of the English directory, although exceptions which reflect language differences are quite common.
Several of the top-level categories have unique characteristics. The "Adult" category is not present on the directory homepage but it is fully available in the RDF dump that ODP provides. While the bulk of the directory is categorized primarily by topic, the Regional category is categorized primarily by region. This has led many to view ODP as two parallel directories: "Regional" and "Topical".
On November 14, 2000, a special directory within the Open Directory was created for people under 18 years of age. Key factors distinguishing this "Kids and Teens" area from the main directory are:
By May 2005, this portion of the Open Directory included over 32,000 site listings.
Since early 2004, the whole site has been in UTF-8 encoding. Prior to this, the encoding used to be ISO 8859-1 for English language categories and a language-dependent character set for other languages. The RDF dumps have been encoded in UTF-8 since early 2000.
Maintenance.
Directory listings are maintained by editors. While some editors focus on the addition of new listings, others focus on maintaining the existing listings. This includes tasks such as the editing of individual listings to correct spelling and/or grammatical errors, as well as monitoring the status of linked sites. Still others go through site submissions to remove spam and duplicate submissions.
Robozilla is a Web crawler written to check the status of all sites listed in ODP. Periodically, Robozilla will flag sites which appear to have moved or disappeared and editors follow up to check the sites and take action. This process is critical for the directory in striving to achieve one of its founding goals: to reduce the link rot in web directories. Shortly after each run, the sites marked with errors are automatically moved to the unreviewed queue where editors may investigate them when time permits.
Due to the popularity of the Open Directory and its resulting impact on search engine rankings (See PageRank), domains with lapsed registration that are listed on ODP have attracted domain hijacking, an issue that has been addressed by regularly removing expired domains from the directory.
While corporate funding and staff for the ODP have diminished in recent years, volunteers have created editing tools such as linkcheckers to supplement Robozilla, category crawlers, spellcheckers, search tools that directly sift a recent RDF dump, bookmarklets to help automate some editing functions, mozilla based add-ons, and tools to help work through unreviewed queues.
License and requirements.
ODP data was previously made available under the terms of the Open Directory License, which required a specific ODP attribution table on every Web page that uses the data.
The Open Directory License also included a requirement that users of the data continually check the ODP site for updates and discontinue use and distribution of the data or works derived from the data once an update occurs. This restriction prompted the Free Software Foundation to refer to the Open Directory License as a non-free documentation license, citing the right to redistribute a given version not being permanent and the requirement to check for changes to the license.
In 2011, the ODP silently changed its license to a Creative Commons Attribution license.
RDF dumps.
ODP data is made available through an RDF-like dump that is published on a download server, older versions are also archived there. New versions are usually generated weekly. An ODP editor has catalogued a number of bugs that are encountered in the ODP RDF dump, most importantly that the file format isn't RDF. So while today the so-called RDF dump is valid XML, it is not valid RDF and as such, software to process the ODP RDF dump needs to be specifically written for ODP data.
Content users.
ODP data powers the core directory services for many of the Web's largest search engines and portals, including Netscape Search, AOL Search, and Alexa. Google Directory used ODP information, until being shuttered in July 2011.
Other uses are also made of ODP data. For example, in the spring of 2004 Overture announced a search service for third parties combining Yahoo! Directory search results with ODP titles, descriptions and category metadata. The search engine Gigablast announced on May 12, 2005 its searchable copy of the Open Directory. The technology permits search of websites listed in specific categories, "in effect, instantly creating over 500,000 vertical search engines".
, the ODP listed 313 English-language Web sites that use ODP data as well as 238 sites in other languages. However, these figures do not reflect the full picture of use, as those sites that use ODP data without following the terms of the ODP license are not listed.
Policies and procedures.
There are restrictions imposed on who can become an ODP editor. The primary gatekeeping mechanism is an editor application process wherein editor candidates demonstrate their editing abilities, disclose affiliations that might pose a conflict of interest and otherwise give a sense of how the applicant would likely mesh with the ODP culture and mission. A majority of applications are rejected but reapplying is allowed and sometimes encouraged. The same standards apply to editors of all categories and subcategories.
ODP's editing model is a hierarchical one. Upon becoming editors, individuals will generally have editing permissions in only a small category. Once they have demonstrated basic editing skills in compliance with the Editing Guidelines, they are welcome to apply for additional editing privileges in either a broader category or in a category elsewhere in the directory. Mentorship relationships between editors are encouraged and internal forums provide a vehicle for new editors to ask questions.
ODP has its own internal forums, the contents of which are intended only for editors to communicate with each other primarily about editing topics. Access to the forums requires an editor account and editors are expected to keep the contents of these forums private.
Over time, senior editors may be granted additional privileges which reflect their editing experience and leadership within the editing community. The most straightforward are "editall" privileges which allow an editor to access all categories in the directory. "Meta" privileges additionally allow editors to perform tasks such as reviewing editor applications, setting category features and handling external and internal abuse reports. "Cateditall" privileges are similar to "editall" but only for a single directory category. Similarly, "catmod" privileges are similar to "meta" but only for a single directory category. "Catmv" privileges allow editors to make changes to directory ontology by moving or renaming categories. All of these privileges are granted by admins and staff, usually after discussion with "meta" editors.
In August 2004, a new level of privileges called "admin" was introduced. Administrator status was granted to a number of long serving metas by staff. Administrators have the ability to grant editall+ privileges to other editors and to approve new directory-wide policies, powers which had previously only been available to root (staff) editors. A full list of senior editors is available to the public, as is a listing of all current editors.
All ODP editors are expected to abide by ODP's Editing Guidelines. These guidelines describe editing basics: which types of sites may be listed and which may not; how site listings should be titled and described in a loosely consistent manner; conventions for the naming and building of categories; conflict of interest limitations on the editing of sites which the editor may own or otherwise be affiliated with; and a code of conduct within the community. Editors who are found to have violated these guidelines may be contacted by staff or senior editors, have their editing permissions cut back or lose their editing privileges entirely. ODP Guidelines are periodically revised after discussion in editor forums.
Site submissions.
One of the original motivations for forming Gnuhoo/Newhoo/ODP was the frustration that many people experienced in getting their sites listed on Yahoo! Directory. However Yahoo! has since implemented a paid service for timely consideration of site submissions. That lead has been followed by many other directories. Some accept no free submissions at all. By contrast the ODP has maintained its policy of free site submissions for all types of site—the only one of the major general directories to do so.
One result has been a gradual divergence between the ODP and other directories in the balance of content. The pay-for-inclusion model favours those able and willing to pay, so commercial sites tend to predominate in directories using it. Conversely, a directory manned by volunteers will reflect the aims and interests of those volunteers. The ODP lists a high proportion of informational and non-profit sites.
Another consequence of the free submission policy is that the ODP has enormous numbers of submissions still waiting for review. In large parts those consist of spam and incorrectly submitted sites. So the average processing time for a site submission has grown longer with each passing year. However the time taken cannot be predicted, since the variation is so great: a submission might be processed within hours or take several years. However, site suggestions are just one of many sources of new listings. Editors are under no obligation to check them for new listings and are actually encouraged to use other sources.
Controversy and criticism.
There have long been allegations that volunteer ODP editors give favorable treatment to their own websites while concomitantly thwarting the good faith efforts of their competition. Such allegations are fielded by ODP's staff and meta editors, who have the authority to take disciplinary action against volunteer editors who are suspected of engaging in abusive editing practices. In 2003, ODP introduced a new "Public Abuse Report System" that allows members of the general public to report and track allegations of abusive editor conduct using an online form. Uninhibited discussion of ODP's purported shortcomings has become more common on mainstream Webmaster discussion forums. Although site policies suggest that an individual site should be submitted to only one category, as of October 2007, Topix.com, a news aggregation site operated by ODP founder Rich Skrenta, has more than 17,000 listings.
Early in the history of the ODP, its staff gave representatives of selected companies, such as "Rolling Stone" or CNN, editing access in order to list individual pages from their websites. Links to individual CNN articles have been added until 2004 and have been entirely removed from the directory in January 2008 due to being outdated and not considered worth the effort to maintain. Such experiments have not been repeated later.
Ownership and management.
Underlying some controversy surrounding ODP is its ownership and management. Some of the original GnuHoo volunteers felt that they had been deceived into joining a commercial enterprise. To varying degrees, those complaints have continued up until the present.
At ODP's inception, there was little thought given to the idea of how ODP should be managed and there were no official forums, guidelines or FAQs. In essence, ODP began as a free for all.
As time went on, the ODP Editor Forums became the "de facto" ODP parliament and when one of ODP's staff members would post an opinion in the forums, it would be considered an official ruling. Even so, ODP staff began to give trusted senior editors additional editing privileges, including the ability to approve new editor applications, which eventually led to a stratified hierarchy of duties and privileges among ODP editors, with ODP's paid staff having the final say regarding ODP's policies and procedures.
Robert Keating, a principal of Touchstone Consulting Group in Washington, D.C. since 2006, has worked as AOL's Program Manager for ODP since 2004. He started working for AOL in 1999 as Senior Editor for AOL Search, then as Managing Editor, AOL Search, ODP, and then as Media Ecosystem Manager, AOL Product Marketing.
Editor removal procedures.
ODP's editor removal procedures are overseen by ODP's staff and meta editors. According to ODP's official editorial guidelines, editors are removed for abusive editing practices or uncivil behaviour. Discussions that may result in disciplinary action against volunteer editors take place in a private forum which can only be accessed by ODP's staff and meta editors. Volunteer editors who are being discussed are not given notice that such proceedings are taking place. Some people find this arrangement distasteful, wanting instead a discussion modelled more like a trial held in the U.S. judicial system.
In the article "Editor Removal Explained", ODP meta editor Arlarson states that "a great deal of confusion about the removal of editors from ODP results from false or misleading statements by former editors".
The ODP's confidentiality guidelines prohibit any current ODP editors in a position to know anything from discussing the reasons for specific editor removals. However, a generic list of reasons is for example given in the guidelines. In the past, this has led to removed ODP editors wondering why they cannot login at ODP to perform their editing work.
Allegations that editors are removed for criticizing policies.
David F. Prenatt, Jr. (former ODP editor "netesq") and the former editor known by the alias "The Cunctator" claim to have been removed for disagreeing with staff about changes to the policies, with special regard to the ODP's copyright policies. According to their claims, staff used the excuse that their behaviour was uncivil to remove bothersome editors.
Blacklisting allegations.
Senior ODP editors have the ability to attach "warning" or "do not list" notes to individual domains but no editor has the unilateral ability to block certain sites from being listed. Sites with these notes might still be listed and at times notes are removed after some discussion.
Hierarchical structure.
Recently criticism of ODP's hierarchical structure emerged. Many believe hierarchical directories are too complicated. As the recent emergence of Web 2.0, folksonomies began to appear. These people thought folksonomies, networks and directed graph are more "natural" and easier to manage than hierarchies.
Software.
Search.
The ODPSearch software is a derivative version of Isearch which is open source, licensed under the Mozilla Public License.
Editor forums.
The ODP Editor Forums were originally run on software that was based on the proprietary Ultimate Bulletin Board system. In June 2003, they switched to the open source phpBB system. As of 2007, these forums are powered by a modified version of phpBB.
Bug tracking.
The bug tracking software used by the ODP is Bugzilla and the web server Apache. Squid web proxy server was also used but it was removed in August 2007 when the storage servers were reorganized. All these applications are open source.
Interface.
The ODP database/editing software is closed source (although Richard Skrenta of ODP did say in June 1998 that he was considering licensing it under the GNU General Public License). This has led to criticism from the aforementioned GNU project, many of whom also criticise the ODP content license.
As such, there have been some efforts to provide alternatives to ODP. These alternatives would allow communities of like-minded editors to set up and maintain their own open source/open content Web directories. However, no significant open source/open content alternative to ODP has emerged.

</doc>
<doc id="18949507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949507" title="Haematopota">
Haematopota

Haematopota is a genus of fly in the horse-fly family, Tabanidae. Among the horse-flies, they are most commonly known as clegs. Many species have colorful, patterned eyes in life, a character that fades after death.
The genus contains the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="18949551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949551" title="Mindarus harringtoni">
Mindarus harringtoni

Mindarus harringtoni is a species of aphid. The insect was discovered when Richard Harrington, a scientist and vice-president of the Royal Entomological Society of London, won an auction on eBay for a fossilized specimen, later to discover it was an unknown species. The fossil was bought from an individual from Lithuania. The insect itself is long and was encased in a piece of amber .
The fossil was sent off to Professor Ole Heie, an aphid expert in Denmark, who confirmed the insect a new species, now extinct. The bug has been named "Mindarus harringtoni" after Harrington, who first considered naming it "Mindarus ebayi" after the site he won it on.
The fossil is now housed in the Natural History Museum.
"Mindarus harringtoni" is thought to have fed on a tree called "Pinus succinifera" which is itself now long since extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="18949571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949571" title="OpenBSD">
OpenBSD

OpenBSD is a Unix-like computer operating system descended from Berkeley Software Distribution (BSD), a Unix derivative developed at the University of California, Berkeley. It was forked from NetBSD by project leader Theo de Raadt in late 1995. As well as the operating system, the OpenBSD Project has produced portable versions of numerous subsystems, most notably PF, OpenSSH and OpenNTPD, which are very widely available as packages in other operating systems.
The project is also widely known for the developers' insistence on open-source code and quality documentation, uncompromising position on software licensing, and focus on security and code correctness. The project is coordinated from de Raadt's home in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Its logo and mascot is a pufferfish named Puffy.
OpenBSD includes a number of security features absent or optional in other operating systems, and has a tradition in which developers audit the source code for software bugs and security problems. The project maintains strict policies on licensing and prefers the open-source BSD licence and its variants—in the past this has led to a comprehensive license audit and moves to remove or replace code under licences found less acceptable.
As with most other BSD-based operating systems, the OpenBSD kernel and userland programs, such as the shell and common tools like cat and ps, are developed together in one source code repository. Third-party software is available as binary packages or may be built from source using the ports tree. Also like most modern BSD operating systems, it is capable of running binary code compiled for Linux in a compatible computer architecture at full speed in compatibility mode.
The OpenBSD project maintains ports for 20 different hardware platforms, including the DEC Alpha, Intel i386, Hewlett-Packard PA-RISC, x86-64 and Motorola 68000 processors, Apple's PowerPC machines, Sun SPARC and SPARC64-based computers, the VAX and the Sharp Zaurus. The OpenBSD Foundation was accepted as a mentoring organization for Google Summer of Code 2014. 
Uses.
Security.
OpenBSD's security enhancements, built-in cryptography and the pf packet filter suit it for use in the security industry, for example on firewalls, intrusion-detection systems and VPN gateways.
Proprietary systems from several manufacturers are based on OpenBSD, including devices from Armorlogic (Profense web application firewall), Calyptix Security, GeNUA mbH, RTMX Inc, and .vantronix GmbH. Later versions of Microsoft's Services for UNIX, an extension to the Windows operating system which provides some Unix-like functionality, use much OpenBSD code included in the Interix interoperability suite, developed by Softway Systems Inc., which Microsoft acquired in 1999. Core Force, a security product for Windows, is based on OpenBSD's pf firewall.
Desktop.
OpenBSD ships with the X window system and is suitable for use on the desktop. Packages for popular desktop tools are available, including desktop environments GNOME, KDE, and Xfce; web browsers Konqueror, Mozilla Firefox and Chromium; and multimedia programs MPlayer, VLC media player and xine. The Project also supports minimalist window management philosophies by including the cwm stacking window manager in the main distribution.
Enterprise.
Open source software consultancy "M:tier" has deployed OpenBSD on servers, desktops and firewalls in corporate environments of many Fortune 500 companies.
Server.
OpenBSD features a full server suite and is easily configured as a mail server, web server, ftp server, DNS server, router, firewall, or NFS file server. Software providing support for other server protocols such as SMB (Samba) are available as packages.
OpenBSD component projects.
Despite the small team size and relatively low usage of OpenBSD, the project has successfully spun off widely available portable versions of numerous parts of the base system, including:
Some of the subsystems have been integrated into the core system of several other BSD projects, and all are available widely as packages for use in other Unix-like systems, and in some cases in Microsoft Windows.
Development and release process.
Development is continuous, and team management is open and tiered. Anyone with appropriate skills may contribute, with commit rights being awarded on merit and de Raadt acting as coordinator. Two official releases are made per year, with the version number incremented by 0.1, and these are each supported for twelve months. Snapshot releases are also available at very frequent intervals. Maintenance patches for supported releases may be applied manually or by regularly updating the system against the patch branch of the CVS repository for that release.
Alternatively a system administrator may opt to upgrade using a snapshot release and then regularly update the system against the "current" branch of the CVS repository, in order to gain pre-release access to recently added features.
The standard GENERIC OpenBSD kernel, as maintained by the project, is strongly recommended for universal use, and customized kernels are not supported by the project, in line with the philosophy that 'attempts to customize or "optimize" the kernel causes more problems than they solve.'
Packages outside the main system build are maintained by CVS through a ports tree and are the responsibility of the individual maintainers (known as porters). As well as keeping the current branch up to date, the porter of a package is expected to apply appropriate bug-fixes and maintenance fixes to branches of the package for supported releases. Ports are not subject to the same continuous rigorous auditing as the main system because the project lacks the manpower to do this.
Binary packages are built centrally from the ports tree for each architecture. This process is applied for the current version, for each supported release, and for each snapshot. Administrators are recommended to use the package mechanism rather than build the package from the ports tree, unless they need to perform their own source changes.
With every new release a song is also released.
History and popularity.
In December 1994, NetBSD co-founder Theo de Raadt was asked to resign from his position as a senior developer and member of the NetBSD core team. The reason for this is not wholly clear, although there are claims that it was due to personality clashes within the NetBSD project and on its mailing lists.
In October 1995, de Raadt founded OpenBSD, a new project forked from NetBSD 1.0. The initial release, OpenBSD 1.2, was made in July 1996, followed in October of the same year by OpenBSD 2.0. Since then, the project has followed a schedule of a release every six months, each of which is maintained and supported for one year. The latest release, OpenBSD 5.4, appeared on 1 Nov 2013.
On 25 July 2007, OpenBSD developer Bob Beck announced the formation of the OpenBSD Foundation, a Canadian not-for-profit corporation formed to "act as a single point of contact for persons and organizations requiring a legal entity to deal with when they wish to support OpenBSD."
Just how widely OpenBSD is used is hard to ascertain: its developers neither publish nor collect usage statistics, and there are few other sources of information. In September 2005, the nascent BSD Certification Group performed a usage survey which revealed that 32.8% of BSD users (1420 of 4330 respondents) were using OpenBSD, placing it second of the four major BSD variants, behind FreeBSD with 77% and ahead of NetBSD with 16.3%.
Open source and open documentation.
When OpenBSD was created, Theo de Raadt decided that the source should be easily available for anyone to read at any time, so, with the assistance of Chuck Cranor, he set up a public, anonymous CVS server. This was the first of its kind in the software development world: at the time, the tradition was for only a small team of developers to have access to a project's source repository. Cranor and de Raadt concluded that this practice "runs counter to the open source philosophy" and is inconvenient to contributors. De Raadt's decision allowed "users to take a more active role", and signaled the project's belief in open and public access to source code.
OpenBSD developers do not permit the inclusion of closed source binary drivers in the source tree and are reluctant to sign non-disclosure agreements. When no documentation was forthcoming before the deadline for the release of OpenBSD 3.7, support for Adaptec AAC RAID controllers was removed from the standard OpenBSD kernel because of issues concerning open documentation.
The OpenBSD policy on openness extends to hardware documentation: in the slides for a December 2006 presentation, de Raadt explained that without it "developers often make mistakes writing drivers", and pointed out that "the my god, I got it to work rush is harder to achieve, and some developers just give up". He went on to say that vendor binary drivers are unacceptable to OpenBSD, that they have "no trust of vendor binaries running in our kernel" and that there is "no way to fix ... when they break".
Licensing.
A goal of the OpenBSD project is to "maintain the spirit of the original Berkeley Unix copyrights", which permitted a "relatively un-encumbered Unix source distribution". To this end, the Internet Systems Consortium (ISC) licence, a simplified version of the BSD licence with wording removed that is unnecessary under the Berne convention, is preferred for new code, but the MIT or BSD licences are accepted. The widely used GNU General Public License is considered overly restrictive in comparison with these.
In June 2001, triggered by concerns over Darren Reed's modification of IPFilter's licence wording, a systematic licence audit of the OpenBSD ports and source trees was undertaken. Code in more than a hundred files throughout the system was found to be unlicensed, ambiguously licensed or in use against the terms of the licence. To ensure that all licences were properly adhered to, an attempt was made to contact all the relevant copyright holders: some pieces of code were removed, many were replaced, and others, including the multicast routing tools, mrinfo and map-mbone, which were licensed by Xerox for research only, were relicensed so that OpenBSD could continue to use them; also removed during this audit was all software produced by Daniel J. Bernstein. At the time, Bernstein requested that all modified versions of his code be approved by him prior to redistribution, a requirement to which OpenBSD developers were unwilling to devote time or effort. The removal led to a clash with Bernstein who felt the removal of his software to be uncalled for. He cited the Netscape web browser as much less freely licensed and accused the OpenBSD developers of hypocrisy for permitting Netscape to remain while removing his software. The OpenBSD project's stance was that Netscape, although not open source, had licence conditions that could be more easily met. They asserted that Bernstein's demand for control of derivatives would lead to a great deal of additional work and that removal was the most appropriate way to comply with his requirements.
The OpenBSD team has developed software from scratch, or adopted suitable existing software, because of licence concerns. Of particular note is the development, after licence restrictions were imposed on IPFilter, of the pf packet filter, which first appeared in OpenBSD 3.0 and is now available in DragonFly BSD, NetBSD and FreeBSD. OpenBSD developers have also replaced GPL licensed tools (such as diff, grep and pkg-config) with BSD licensed equivalents and founded new projects including the OpenBGPD routing daemon and OpenNTPD time service daemon. Also developed from scratch was the globally used software package OpenSSH.
Funding.
Although the operating system and its portable components are widely used in commercial products, de Raadt says that little of the funding for the project comes from the industry: "traditionally all our funding has come from user donations and users buying our CDs (our other products don't really make us much money). Obviously, that has not been a lot of money."
For a two year period in the early 2000s, the project received DARPA funding, which "paid the salaries of 5 people to work completely fulltime, bought about $30k in hardware, and paid for 3 hackathons." 
De Raadt has expressed some concern about the asymmetry of funding: "I think that contributions should have come first from the vendors, secondly from the corporate users, and thirdly from individual users. But the response has been almost entirely the opposite, with almost a 15 to 1 dollar ratio in favor of the little people. Thanks a lot, little people!" 
On 14 January 2014, Bob Beck issued a request for funding to cover electrical costs. If sustainable funding was not found, Beck suggested OpenBSD would shut down. The project soon received a USD$ 20 000 donation from Mircea Popescu, the Romanian creator of the MPEx Bitcoin stock exchange, paid in Bitcoins. The project raised USD$150 000 in response to the appeal, enabling it to pay its bills and securing its short term future.
Security and code auditing.
Shortly after OpenBSD's creation, Theo de Raadt was contacted by a local security software company named Secure Networks, Inc. or SNI. They were developing a "network security auditing tool" called Ballista (later renamed to Cybercop Scanner after SNI was purchased by Network Associates), which was intended to find and attempt to exploit possible software security flaws. This coincided well with de Raadt's own interest in security, so for a time the two cooperated, a relationship that was of particular usefulness leading up to the release of OpenBSD 2.3 and helped to define security as the focal point of the project.
OpenBSD includes features designed to improve security. These include API additions, such as the "strlcat" and "strlcpy" functions; toolchain alterations, including a static bounds checker; memory protection techniques to guard against invalid accesses, such as ProPolice and the W^X (W xor X) page protection feature; and cryptography and randomization features.
To reduce the risk of a vulnerability or misconfiguration allowing privilege escalation, some programs have been written or adapted to make use of privilege separation, privilege revocation and chrooting. Privilege separation is a technique, pioneered on OpenBSD and inspired by the principle of least privilege, where a program is split into two or more parts, one of which performs privileged operations and the other—almost always the bulk of the code—runs without privilege. Privilege revocation is similar and involves a program performing any necessary operations with the privileges it starts with then dropping them. Chrooting involves restricting an application to one section of the file system, prohibiting it from accessing areas that contain private or system files. Developers have applied these features to OpenBSD versions of common applications, including tcpdump and the Apache web server.
OpenBSD developers were instrumental in the birth of—and the project continues to develop—OpenSSH, a secure replacement for Telnet. OpenSSH is based on the original SSH suite and developed further by the OpenBSD team. It first appeared in OpenBSD 2.6 and is now the most popular SSH implementation, available on many operating systems.
The project has a policy of continually auditing code for problems, work that developer Marc Espie has described as "never finished ... more a question of process than of a specific bug being hunted". He went on to list several typical steps once a bug is found, including examining the entire source tree for the same and similar issues, "try to find out whether the documentation ought to be amended", and investigating whether "it's possible to augment the compiler to warn against this specific problem".
Alleged FBI backdoor investigated.
On 11 December 2010, Gregory Perry sent an email to Theo de Raadt alleging that the FBI had paid some OpenBSD ex-developers 10 years previously to insert backdoors into the OpenBSD Cryptographic Framework. Theo de Raadt made the email public on 14 December by forwarding it to the openbsd-tech mailing list and suggested an audit of the IPsec codebase. De Raadt's response was skeptical of the report and he invited all developers to independently review the relevant code. In the weeks that followed, bugs were fixed but no evidence of backdoors were found.
Slogan.
The OpenBSD website features a prominent reference to the security record of the default install. Until June 2002, the wording read "Five years without a remote hole in the default install!" An OpenSSH bug was then discovered that made it possible for a remote attacker to gain root in OpenBSD and in any of the many other systems running OpenSSH at the time. It was quickly fixed, as is normal with known security holes. The slogan was modified to "One remote hole in the default install, in nearly 6 years!" In 2007 a network-related remote vulnerability was found, which was also quickly fixed. The quote was subsequently altered to "Only two remote holes in the default install, in a heck of a long time!" This wording remains to this day.
This statement has been criticized because the default install contains few running services—some critics observing that the slogan should be adjusted to "no working apps in the default install"—and most users will start more services and install additional software. The project states that the default install is intentionally minimal to ensure novice users "do not need to become security experts overnight", which fits with open-source and code auditing practices argued to be important elements of a security system.
Distribution and marketing.
OpenBSD is available freely in various ways: the source can be retrieved by anonymous CVS, and binary releases and development snapshots can be downloaded either by FTP, HTTP, rsync or AFS. Prepackaged CD-ROM sets can be ordered online for a small fee, complete with an assortment of stickers and a copy of the release's theme song. These, with their artwork and other bonuses, are one of the project's few sources of income, funding hardware, bandwidth and other expenses.
In common with other operating systems, OpenBSD provides a package management system for easy installation and management of programs which are not part of the base operating system. Packages are binary files which are extracted, managed and removed using the package tools. On OpenBSD, the source of packages is the ports system, a collection of Makefiles and other infrastructure required to create packages. In OpenBSD, the ports and base operating system are developed and released together for each version: this means that the ports or packages released with, for example, 4.6 are not suitable for use with 4.5 and vice versa.
OpenBSD at first used the BSD daemon mascot created by Phil Foglio, updated by John Lasseter and copyright Marshall Kirk McKusick. Subsequent releases saw variations, eventually settling on Puffy, described as a pufferfish. Since then Puffy has appeared on OpenBSD promotional material and featured in release songs and artwork. The promotional material of early OpenBSD releases did not have a cohesive theme or design but later the CD-ROMs, release songs, posters and tee-shirts for each release have been produced with a single style and theme, sometimes contributed to by Ty Semaka of the Plaid Tongued Devils. These have become a part of OpenBSD advocacy, with each release expounding a moral or political point important to the project, often through parody. Past themes have included: in OpenBSD 3.8, the "Hackers of the Lost RAID", a parody of Indiana Jones linked to the new RAID tools featured as part of the release; "The Wizard of OS", making its debut in OpenBSD 3.7, based on the work of Pink Floyd and a parody of The Wizard of Oz related to the project's recent wireless work; and OpenBSD 3.3's "Puff the Barbarian", including an 80s rock-style song and parody of Conan the Barbarian, alluding to open documentation.

</doc>
<doc id="18949573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949573" title="Cinemania (film festival)">
Cinemania (film festival)

CINEMANIA is a French-language film festival that takes place in Montreal.
Festival.
The CINEMANIA French Film Festival in Montreal was established in 1995 and has continued annually ever since. The Festival is dedicated solely to quality French-language feature films emanating from France, Belgium, Switzerland, Quebec, Algeria, Morocco, Senegal, and other French-speaking regions. All films screened must be North American, Canadian, or Quebec premieres, and all are subtitled in English. The Festival takes place every November during a period of 11 days opening on the first Thursday of the month. All films are screened in the Imperial Cinema, in downtown Montreal.
The Festival website is http://festivalcinemania.com/. CINEMANIA publishes a catalogue each year that includes detailed synopses of each film screened.
The 19th edition of the festival will take place from November, 7th to 17th, 2013.
History.
The Festival was founded by Mme Maidy Teitelbaum who is the ongoing operational President. The Festival's first 10 years were at Le Musee des Beaux Arts de Montreal --- in 2004 the Festival moved to the greater capacity Imperial Cinema.
Mme Teitelbaum was awarded the Chevalier dans l'ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French Government in 2006 for her work in fostering French culture. In addition, in 2008 the SACD (SOCIETE des AUTEURS et COMPOSITEURS DRAMATIQUES) decorated Mme Teitelbaum with the Medaille Beaumarchais awarded each year since 1777 to the persons who best exemplify efforts to protect the rights of artists, composers and writers.
Program.
CINEMANIA's very specific role in the panorama of Montreal and Quebec's cinematographic events is that it is the only francophone film festival devoted solely to presenting quality French-language feature films subtitled in English. In fact, for many of the films screened, the festival is the only avenue of distribution. CINEMANIA is, as a result, considered by many artists, journalists and cinephiles as a unique portal to view French-language films.
CINEMANIA offers cinephiles the opportunity of discovering a wide range of French-language films: masterpieces, innovative films and first feature films by young directors.
CINEMANIA shows approximately 30 feature films, each film screening twice. In order to arrive at their final selection, the Festival programmers view over 120 French-language films each year. The focus is both on established filmmakers and first-time directors, providing a launching pad for up-and-coming talent. Well-known directors whose work appears frequently on CINEMANIA's screen include Andre Techine, Anne Fontaine, François Ozon, Maïwenn, Robert Guédiguian, Manuel Poirier, Aki Kauresmaki, and the Dardennes Bros. There have been guest appearances by such notable filmmakers as Bertrand Tavernier, Arnaud Desplechin, Olivier Assayas, Cédric Klapisch, Nicole Garcia, Alexandre Arcady, Costa-Gavras, Jean-Jacques Beinix, Patrice Leconte, and Radu Mihaileanu. CINEMANIA guest stars have included Juliette Binoche, Emmanuelle Béart, Isabelle Huppert, Sergi Lopez, Alice Taglioni, Ludivine Seignier and Emmanuelle Devos, among others.
Guests.
Every year, CINEMANIA welcomes professionals of the international film world: producers, directors, actors, critics...
CINEMANIA frequently honours renowned filmmakers with retrospectives of their work as well as providing open-to-the-public master classes and roundtable discussions with guest directors and actors.
Public.
CINEMANIA's loyal public that keeps growing year after year. After 11 years at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts, CINEMANIA moved to the Imperial Cinema to increase its capacity and thus responds to cinephiles' ever growing interest in the festival. The 12th edition saw its attendance increase by 50%, and the 13th edition in 2007 continued this growth. Those successive increases did not diminish the "cine-club" atmosphere of the festival, which is characterized by the interaction of film lovers and artists.
Related activities.
CINEMANIA organizes quality events that challenge and stimulate many cinephiles: master classes, discussion panels, presentation of films by their directors and actors, question and answer sessions after the projections...
Mel Hoppenheim Prix du public.
The Festival awards an annual prize, the Mel Hoppenheim Prix du Public, given each year to the most popular film by public ballot.
Over the years, the Mel Hoppenheim Prix du Public went to the following films:
CINEMANIA presents, since 2012, an additional award dedicated to encouraging talented newcomers of the francophone cinema world. The public will vote for the 13 first-time feature film screened at the festival.
The TFO Audience award went to the following films:

</doc>
<doc id="18949579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949579" title="Nishita Shah">
Nishita Shah

Nishita Shah is a 27 year old Boston University graduate with a net worth of $300 million. She is currently the largest individual shareholder and director of Precious Shipping, one of Thailand's large dry-bulk shipping companies. Nishita's father, Kirit, founded the group in 1989 and took it public in 1993. Her family emigrated from India to Burma to Thailand many years ago.
Nishita is a licensed pilot. She also owns a clothing company called Burn Baby and has launched her own fashion label "-Nsha-" in three continents.

</doc>
<doc id="18949591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18949591" title="Myshkin (singer)">
Myshkin (singer)

Myshkin is an American singer-songwriter. She sings and plays acoustic guitar solo, in cooperation with other artists, and with her band Myshkin's Ruby Warblers. She is a native of Indiana where she was born to a recent immigrant family. After college she moved to New Mexico, and later to New York, Texas and Tennessee. In 1993 she settled in New Orleans, Louisiana, and in 2002 she moved to Portland, Oregon. As of 2010, she lived in Southern Oregon.
She recorded five albums in New Orleans in cooperation with Mike West and other musicians. She was the recipient of several of the city's music industry awards.
She also toured United States and Europe.
In 2002 she started Myshkin's Ruby Warblers, whose first self-produced record was "Rosebud Bullets". Soon after she relocated to Oregon, and in cooperation with producer Sailor Banks she released albums "Corvidae" and "Sigh Semaphore", concentrating on political and humanist themes.

</doc>
