<doc id="19049539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049539" title="Daryll Clark">
Daryll Clark

Daryll Lawrence Clark (born February 5, 1986) is a football quarterback who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League as a free agent in 2010. He played collegiately for the Penn State Nittany Lions. He is the Nittany Lions' all-time leader in touchdowns. Clark was recruited to Penn State out of Ursuline High School in Youngstown by way of The Kiski School in Saltsburg, Pennsylvania.
Clark has also been a member of the Omaha Nighthawks and the Chicago Rush.
College career.
As a redshirt freshman, Clark appeared in five games during the 2006 season for the Penn State Nittany Lions. He completed 14 passes in 27 attempts for 116 yards and ran for 48 yards with 3 touchdowns as a backup to Anthony Morelli. He made his college football debut in a loss to Notre Dame, scoring on a five-yard run near the end of the game.
Clark saw more playing time as a sophomore in 2007, again as a back-up to Anthony Morelli. He completed 6 passes out of 9 attempts for 131 yards and ran for 78 yards and two touchdowns. Clark saw significant playing time in the 2007 Alamo Bowl versus the Texas A&M Aggies. Penn State trailed the Aggies 14-0 in the second quarter when Paterno sent him in the game in place of Morelli to provide an offensive spark. Clark responded by running for 50 yards on six carries and one touchdown. The game marked with debut of Penn State's new spread offense which replaced the traditional pocket passing- and tailback- oriented offense used by Penn State that season.
Clark was named the starting quarterback for the 2008 season after a highly publicized pre-season quarterback competition with redshirt sophomore Pat Devlin. Paterno cited Clark's game experience as a key factor in choosing him over Devlin. Clark's mobility allowed Penn State to continue development of its "Spread HD" offense. Clark's balanced, mistake-free performance throughout the first half of the season earned him the #6 spot on the "Sporting News"' list of the season's "Most Indispensable Players." At the conclusion of the season, Clark was granted extended eligibility from the NCAA after meeting certain academic benchmarks required of "partial qualifiers."
Clark was elected team captain by his teammates prior to the 2009 season.
At the end of the season Clark established many Penn State records for quarterbacks. He surpassed Todd Blackledge in career touchdown passes with a total of 43. Clark also became Penn State's single season leader in yards passed with 3,003 yards and the single season leader in touchdown passes with 24. His record as a starting quarterback is 22 wins and 4 losses. The losses were twice to the Iowa Hawkeyes, once to Ohio State and once to USC in the 2009 Rose Bowl.
Awards.
Clark was twice named Big Ten Offensive Player of the Week during the 2008 season: October 11, for his three-touchdown game versus Wisconsin. and November 22, following his career-high 341-yard, four touchdown performance in the regular season finale against Michigan State. He is a semifinalist for the 2008 Maxwell and Davey O'Brien awards. The awards are given annually to the top collegiate football player and top quarterback, respectively. At season's end, he was named a consensus first team All-Big Ten selection.
Prior to the 2009 season, Clark was selected as one of 20 Johnny Unitas Golden Arm Award candidates and named to the Davey O'Brien Award watchlist. He earned Big Ten Offensive Player of the Week accolades twice that season: September 4 and October 24, following wins over Akron and Michigan, respectively. He was named first-team All-Big Ten after the 2009 season.
Clark was co-winner, with Michigan’s Brandon Graham, of the 2009 Chicago Tribune Silver Football, awarded by the "Chicago Tribune" to the college football player determined to be the Most Valuable Player of the Big Ten Conference. It was the first time two players have shared the award since its establishment in 1924. He also was named ECAC Player of the Year.
Records.
By the end of the 2009 regular season, Clark held five Penn State records:
Professional career.
Daryll Clark went undrafted in the 2010 NFL Draft. Clark was reportedly courted by the Minnesota Vikings, Green Bay Packers, St. Louis Rams and Pittsburgh Steelers, before ultimately signing with the Washington Redskins to a future contract. Clark attended the Redskins' training camp, but was not offered a contract.
Shortly after Washington's training camp, Clark signed with the Calgary Stampeders on July 23, 2010. The signing came already three games into the CFL season, and some speculated Clark would have a tough time earning a starting job over Calgary's other quarterbacks who were more familiar with the offense. On May 10, 2011, the Calgary Stampeders announced that they had released Clark after just one season, in which he did not attempt any passes.
Clark signed with the Omaha Nighthawks of the UFL for the 2011 season. He was released on September 2. On November 15, 2011, Clark signed with the Chicago Rush of the AFL.
Personal.
Clark earned a Bachelor of Arts in telecommunications from Penn State in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19049540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049540" title="Judy Long">
Judy Long

Judy Long (born 15 January 1969) is a female Chinese-born table tennis player who now represents Canada. She was born in Beijing, and resides in Ottawa.

</doc>
<doc id="19049545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049545" title="Le cas Lagaffe">
Le cas Lagaffe

Le cas Lagaffe, written and drawn by Franquin, is the ninth album of the original "Gaston Lagaffe" series. It is composed of 52 strips previously published in Spirou. It was published in 1971 by Dupuis.
Story.
Two new Gaston's pets appear: the cat, the black-headed gull, plus already presented the mouse Cheese and the fish Bubulle. These new pets cause most of the gags of the album.
Background.
The number of pages is 54, whereas previous albums consisted of 59.

</doc>
<doc id="19049559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049559" title="The Astounding 12-String Guitar of Glen Campbell">
The Astounding 12-String Guitar of Glen Campbell

The Astounding 12-String Guitar of Glen Campbell is the third album by American singer-guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1964 by Capitol Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19049565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049565" title="Zagaly">
Zagaly

Zagaly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19049577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049577" title="Neal Amundson">
Neal Amundson

Neal R. Amundson (January 10, 1916February 16, 2011) was an American chemical engineer. He was the Cullen Professor of Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering and Mathematics at the University of Houston. Amundson was considered one of the most prominent Chemical Engineering educators and researchers in the United States.
Early life.
A Minnesota native, Amundson was educated at the University of Minnesota, earning a BS ChE (1937), an MS ChE (1941), and a PhD in Mathematics (1945).
Career.
He taught in the mathematics department until 1947 and joined the University of Minnesota’s Chemical Engineering Department, where he served as Chair from 1949 until 1977. During his 25 years as department chair, Amundson helped the department to achieve a high national ranking among chemical engineering departments, which it still retains.
Amundson joined the University of Houston (UH) in 1977 as a Cullen Professor and a faculty member of the Chemical Engineering & Mathematics departments. He served as UH Provost from 1987 to 1989. Amundson is known internationally for his pioneering work applying mathematical modeling and analysis to the solution of chemical engineering problems. His technical contributions are in the areas of mathematical modeling and analysis of chemical reactors, separation systems, polymerization units, and coal gasification units. Amundson was one of the main architects of the analytical methodology practiced by chemical engineers today.
Amundson wrote more than 200 technical articles as well as several books. He chaired the U.S. National Research Council committee that wrote the influential "Frontiers in Chemical Engineering" report. He was the U.S. editor of "Chemical Engineering Science" from 1955 to 1972. Amundson was elected a member of National Academy of Engineering in 1970 and the National Academy of Sciences in 1992. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1992. The National Academy of Engineering (NAE) bestowed on Amundson the prestigious NAE Founders’ Award in 1990.
In 1996, Amundson was the first recipient of the International Symposia on Chemical Reaction Engineering (ISCRE) award for excellence, an award that is also named for him. The chemical engineering building at his alma mater University of Minnesota is named in his honor. He received numerous professional awards from the American Institute of Chemical Engineers (AIChE), American Chemical Society (ACS), International Symposium on Chemical Reaction Engineering (ISCRE), and American Society for Engineering Education (ASEE).
He received honorary doctorates from the Universities of Minnesota, Notre Dame, Pennsylvania, Guadalajara, and Northwestern University. He received the highest faculty honors given by the Universities of Minnesota and Houston.
Death.
Amundson died on February 16, 2011 at the age of 95.

</doc>
<doc id="19049587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049587" title="Xian Yi Fang">
Xian Yi Fang

Xian Yi Fang (born 20 August 1977) is a female Chinese-born table tennis player who now represents France since 2005, as a member of the French National Team of Table Tennis.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, reaching the second round of the singles competition. She also competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and reaching the third round of the singles competition.
She was born in Baoding.

</doc>
<doc id="19049630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049630" title="Bağlar">
Bağlar

Bağlar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19049641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049641" title="Ni Xialian">
Ni Xialian

Ni Xialian (; born 4 July 1963) is a female Chinese-born table tennis player who now represents Luxembourg. She was born in Shanghai, and resides in Ettelbruck.
She won team and individual gold medals in the 1983 World Table Tennis Championships.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, reaching the third round of the singles competition.
She qualified for competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's singles competition.
She lost to 16 year old Ariel Hsing from the USA with a score of 4–2 in the 2nd round in the London games.
She moved to Germany in 1989 and settled down in Luxembourg two years later. Her husband, Tommy Danielsson, is her coach and training partner.

</doc>
<doc id="19049676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049676" title="Zağulba Bağları">
Zağulba Bağları

Zağulba Bağları (also, Bağlar, Buzovnyneft’, Dacha Zagul’ba, Zagul’ba, and Zyugyul’ba) is a resort in Baku, Azerbaijan, and one of the main beaches. The city also hosts a disco club of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="19049680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049680" title="Jouko Salomäki">
Jouko Salomäki

Jouko Johannes Salomäki (born August 26, 1962 in Kauhajoki) is a Finnish wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling. He was nicknamed "Jokke" during his career.
Salomäki competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles where he received the gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, in the "welterweight" class. Salomäki won the World Championship in the same weight class in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19049681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049681" title="WWHK">
WWHK

WWHK (102.3 FM) is an American licensed radio station in Concord, New Hampshire. The station is owned by Birch Broadcasting and is currently playing string arrangements of classic rock and pop music performed by the Vitamin String Quartet. The station sought permission to remain silent for an additional extended period, however this was denied by the FCC in June 2012.
History.
WWHK began operations March 7, 1972 as WKXL-FM, the FM sister station to WKXL (1450 AM), under the ownership of Frank Estes, who also owned WKXR in Exeter, New Hampshire. In 1980, Estes sold the WKXL stations to a group of station employees. At one point, WKXL-FM offered its own programming (including a contemporary hit radio format), but in 1991 it was converted to a simulcast of the AM side's programming.
In 1999, the employee group sold the WKXL stations to Vox Media, who, after buying WRCI (107.7 FM) several months later, shifted the simulcast to that station; as a result, on January 3, 2000, the station returned to separate programming as a country station, WOTX-FM ("Outlaw Country").
In 2004, Vox sold most of its stations in the area to Nassau Broadcasting Partners; however, Nassau could not buy WOTX outright due to Federal Communications Commission (FCC) ownership restrictions. Nassau did take control of the station under a local marketing agreement, and on February 7, 2005 swapped formats with WNHI (93.3 FM) and became a classic rock station as WWHK ("102.3 The Hawk"), in tandem with a nearby Nassau classic rock station, WWHQ (101.5 FM) in Meredith, New Hampshire.
WWHK had planned to drop the classic rock format in favor of sports talk provided by Boston's WEEI in January 2008, but the deal between Nassau and Entercom ended up collapsing. In March 2008, the station shifted from classic rock to a more mainstream rock format.
However, in September 2006, the FCC ruled that local marketing agreements and joint sales agreements counted towards the operator's ownership count in a market. Initially, Nassau continued to operate WWHK in violation of this ruling as it attempted to obtain a waiver to buy WWHK outright, but the FCC ruled in April 2008 that Nassau had worked with Arbitron to create a Concord radio market, and barred its purchase of WWHK. Four months later, the FCC ordered Nassau to terminate the joint sales agreement with Capitol Broadcasting (the Vox Media subsidiary that continued to hold the WWHK license while Nassau ran the station). Nassau complied, and on August 22, 2008, Vox reassumed control of the station with a commercial-free rock format. The station switched to classical music in September 2008; soon afterwards, the station went silent.
Vox sold WWHK to Andrew Sumereau in 2009; future programming plans will remain unknown until the sale is finalized. In the interim, the station returned to the air in July, again airing a classic rock loop. In April 2010, the station began simulcasting WTPL from Hillsborough. The sale to Sumereau's company, Birch Broadcasting, was finally completed on June 22, 2011; a week earlier, Vox temporarily signed WWHK off once more. 

</doc>
<doc id="19049683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049683" title="Wenling Tan Monfardini">
Wenling Tan Monfardini

Wenling Tan Monfardini (born 28 October 1972) is a female Chinese-born professional table tennis player who now represents Italy. 
Biography.
Since 2003 she won several medals in single, double, and team events at the Table Tennis European Championships.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, reaching the second round of the singles competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19049705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049705" title="Mount Finlayson">
Mount Finlayson

Mount Finlayson is a mountain located on the border of Highlands and Langford, British Columbia, about 14 km northwest of Victoria. It is located within the Gowlland Range (part of the Vancouver Island Ranges). It is bordered by Goldstream Provincial Park and Gowlland Tod Provincial Park, and forms an imposing feature looming above Saanich Inlet for those travelling south on the Malahat Drive portion of Highway 1. A (sometimes steep) trail leading up to the summit is easily accessible from Goldstream Park. There are also trails that link up to the summit from Bear Mountain and these trail maps are available from the resort.
The views from the top of this mountain provide magnificent, 360° views of the Greater Victoria area. From the top you can also see the Strait of Juan de Fuca and an unobstructed view of the Olympic Mountain range, as well as Mount Baker.

</doc>
<doc id="19049765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049765" title="Stephanie Sang Xu">
Stephanie Sang Xu

Stephanie Sang Xu (b. 29 September 1986 in Harbin, China) is a Chinese-Australian table tennis player and Olympian.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, reaching the second round of the singles competition. She also competed in the team competition.
She currently resides in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="19049781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049781" title="Mahadevsthan">
Mahadevsthan

Mahadevsthan may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19049808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049808" title="Tomasz Kupisz">
Tomasz Kupisz

Tomasz Kupisz (; born January 2, 1990 in Radom) is a Polish footballer who plays for Chievo.
Career.
He joined Wigan Athletic in February 2007 after a successful trial. Previously he played for KS Piaseczno in Poland. He made his Latics debut on 26 August 2008 in a League Cup match against Notts County and scored the final goal in a 4–0 win. Despite the goal, he was not given playing time in any cup matches afterward. 
In the 2009-10 season, he finished as the third highest goalscorer in the reserve league, with six goals in thirteen matches, playing primarily on the wing. His goals included ones against Manchester United and Liverpool reserves. However, he did not get any opportunities in the first team and his contract with the club expired in June 2010. 
On June 2, 2010, Polish side Jagiellonia Białystok signed Kupisz, who was a free agent after the end of his contract with Wigan. On July 29, he made his official debut for Jagiellonia in a Europa League qualifying match against Aris Thessaloniki F.C., his side losing 1-2.
International career.
Kupisz has represented Poland at under-19 and under-21 level. In December 2010, he made his senior international debut in a 2–2 draw against Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="19049810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049810" title="Platt College (San Diego)">
Platt College (San Diego)

Platt College San Diego is a private for-profit college in San Diego, California. Platt College is accredited by the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges and offers degrees from Associates to Bachelor of Science for the Media Arts.
History.
Platt College traces its origin to St. Joseph, Missouri, where the first Platt College was founded in 1879. The San Diego campus was opened in January 1980 offering a variety of drafting programs. It ceased its affiliation with the Missouri school in 1985.
Beginning of 1985, Production Art, Graphic Design, Computer Graphic Design, Multimedia and Specialized Multimedia Diploma program were added to the curriculum. Unfortunately, CAD/drafting programs had to be dropped for the new wave of career fields.
The selection of programs offered at Platt College San Diego was further enhanced in 1995 by the addition of Associate of Applied Science Degrees. In 2002 the College's commitment to the pursuit of academic excellence as part of career training developed further with the introduction of the Bachelor of Science Degree in Media Arts. This degree program focuses on the specialized areas of 3D Animation, Digital Video Production and Web Design.
Expansion.
By 2003, Platt College San Diego expanded its facilities due to the increasing number of interest within the field of multimedia design. Thus leading to an all campus expansion, ranging from improving administration offices and building a brand new on-campus library.
Programs and degrees.
"Platt College San Diego" consists of six disciplinary programs that lead into two refined Associates degrees and four baccalaureate degrees:
plus a Professional Studies program that allows professionals within industry to either increase their skill sets or refine their current talent.

</doc>
<doc id="19049812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049812" title="Wu Jiaduo">
Wu Jiaduo

Wu Jiaduo (; born 19 September 1977 in Linhai, Zhejiang, China) is a female Chinese-born German table tennis player.
Personal.
At age 7, Wu received specialised table tennis training. In 1995, she became Zhejiang provincial champion. She enrolled at the East China University of Science and Technology in 1997 studying Economics. One year later, she relocated to Germany to further her table tennis career.
In 2005, she started to represent Germany at the international tournaments like ITTF Pro Tour.
She resides in Düsseldorf, Germany and plays for FSV Kroppach.
Career records.
Singles (as of 26 September 2010)
Women's Doubles
Mixed Doubles
Team

</doc>
<doc id="19049830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049830" title="Edvard Westerlund">
Edvard Westerlund

Edvard Westerlund (1 February 1901 – 7 December 1982) was a Finnish wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Westerlund competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris where he won a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the middleweight class. At the 1928 Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the lightweight class and he also competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19049832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049832" title="Shhh!">
Shhh!

Shhh! is the second studio album by Mexican-American cumbia group A.B. Quintanilla y Los Kumbia Kings and the second studio album by Mexican-American musician A.B. Quintanilla. It was released on February 27, 2001 by EMI Latin. This album became their first number one album on the United States "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart for six non-consecutive weeks in 2001. It is not given the Parental Advisory warning even though it has Explicit Lyrics.
Credits.
This information from Allmusic.
Personnel
Musicians

</doc>
<doc id="19049853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049853" title="Trine Hansen">
Trine Hansen

Trine Hansen (born February 19, 1973 in Ringsted, Sjælland) is a retired female rower from Denmark. Hansen mainly competed in the single scull boat type, and she won the World Rowing Championship in 1994 and a Bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in single sculls. 
Trine Hansen grew up in Sorø and was affiliated with "Sorø Roklub" until 1997 where she moved to "Roforeningen Kvik". She won the Danish Rowing Championship in single sculls in eight consecutive years (1992–1999), in addition to several other Danish titles (W2x in 1998 and 1999; W8+ in 2002). She competed at the Summer Olympic Games in Barcelona 1992 and in Atlanta 1996.
She won her first international medal (Bronce) at the 1991 Junior World Rowing Championships on Lake of Banyoles that became the venue for rowing at the Olympic Games the following year.
In 1993 she beat England's Alison Hall by 4 lengths to become the first female winner of the Henley Royal Regatta. 1993 was the first year that women were allowed to row competitively over the full course. The same year she won the Bronze medal at the World Rowing Championship in Račice, Czech Republic.
In 1994 she won the World Rowing Championship in the Women's Single Sculls competition that took place in Indianapolis, Indiana.
In 1996 Hansen claimed the bronze medal in the Women's Single Sculls Competition at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
In 1997 Hansen won Silver at the World Rowing Championship at Lac d'Aiguebelette in France.

</doc>
<doc id="19049866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049866" title="Florida black bear">
Florida black bear

The Florida black bear ("Ursus americanus floridanus") is a subspecies of the American black bear that has historically ranged throughout most of Florida and southern portions of Alabama and Georgia. The large black-furred bears live mainly in forested areas and have seen recent habitat reduction throughout the state. On June 27, 2012 the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission (FWC) delisted the Florida Black Bear from the state threatened species list. Successful conservation of the Florida black bear was confirmed by the FWC’s 2011 Biological Status Review, which reported the bear to be no longer at high risk of extinction. In addition to delisting the Florida Black Bear from the list of threatened species rules were adopted “stating it is still illegal to injure or kill a bear in this state, or possess or sell bear parts.” 
Description.
Physical.
Florida black bears are typically large-bodied with shiny black fur, a light brown nose and a short stubby tail. A white chest patch is also common on many but not all the bears. It is currently Florida's largest terrestrial mammal with an average male weight of and a few have grown above . Females generally weigh less and on average are about . Average adults have a length of between and , and they also stand between and high at the shoulder.
Behavior.
Florida black bears are mainly solitary, except when in groups or pairings during mating season. Although they are solitary mammals, in general, most are not territorial, and typically do not defend their range from other bears. Black bears have good eyesight, acute hearing and an excellent sense of smell .
Habitat.
Florida black bears live mainly in forested habitats, and are common in sand-pine scrub, oak scrub, upland hardwood forests and forested wetlands. Black Bears in Southern Florida are the only subspecies to live in a Sub-Tropical region. To a lesser extent it also inhabits dry prairie and tropical hammock.
Range.
Before Florida was settled by Europeans, Florida black bears occupied all of the Florida mainland, and even many of the Florida Keys, with a population around 12,000. The current range is much more sporadic with isolated groups living mainly in protected areas in Florida, Southern Alabama, Southern Georgia and Southern Mississippi. Most major populations of Florida black bears live in protected areas. These include Ocala National Forest, Big Cypress National Preserve, Everglades National Park, Apalachicola National Forest, Osceola National Forest and Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge. A study of the Okefenokee-Osceola population found over 500 bears in two study areas. The current bear population in Florida is estimated at more than 3,000 bears.
Conservation.
Habitat loss is greatly affecting Florida Black Bear populations. Nearly of wildlife habitat are lost to new development every hour in Florida. Bears being injured or killed by motorists is another threat to regional populations. Since 1976 there have been more than 1,356 documented cases of bears being killed in Florida. Over 100 bears are killed on Florida roadways each year, and in 2002 a record 132 deaths occurred. That makes roadkill the number one cause of bear death in the state, with 89.5% of bear deaths since 1994 being attributed to such crashes. The Florida State Legislature outlawed the hunting of the Florida black bear in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19049902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049902" title="Tatyana Kostromina">
Tatyana Kostromina

Tatyana Kostromina (born 15 February 1973) is a female Belarusian table tennis player.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, reaching the third round of the singles competition. She also competed in the doubles competition in 2004.
She was born in Gomel, and resides there.

</doc>
<doc id="19049909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049909" title="Shark Bites">
Shark Bites

Shark Bites is a fruit snack product produced by Betty Crocker. The product consists of several individual gummy candies, all of which are in the shape of a shark.
The Sharks come in the colors Red, Orange, Yellow, Purple, and White. Each color represents a fruit flavor. It is unknown whether the White Shark is supposed to taste like one of the other flavors each time, or if it is a flavor of its own. Popular belief leans towards the latter. Also interesting, the yellow shark is not the expected lemon flavor; oddly enough the yellow shark is strawberry.
Each shark is colored with a hint of transparency, whereas the White Shark has been noted as appearing very bold, and solid (opaque).

</doc>
<doc id="19049921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049921" title="Şıxlı">
Şıxlı

Shikhly or Şıxlı may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19049922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049922" title="Adolf Lindfors">
Adolf Lindfors

Adolf Lindfors (8 February 1879 – 5 May 1959) is a Finnish wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.
Olympics.
Lindfors competed at the 1912 Summer Olympics. Eight years later, he competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp where he won a gold medal in Greco-Roman wrestling, the heavyweight class.

</doc>
<doc id="19049937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049937" title="Hanoverian prince">
Hanoverian prince

This is a list of Hanoverian princes from the accession of George III to the throne of the Kingdom of Hanover in 1814. Individuals holding the title of prince will usually also be styled "His Royal Highness" (HRH). The wife of a Hanoverian prince will usually take the title and style of her husband. Despite Hanover's annexation by Prussia in 1866, male-line descendants of George III continue to style themselves as a prince or princess of Hanover. 
The title Prince of Hanover and the use of the style "Royal Highness" has generally been restricted to the following persons:
Since 1953, the head of the House of Hanover and senior male-line descendant of George III of the United Kingdom has taken the title "His Royal Highness The Prince of Hanover". This title has been held by the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19049941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049941" title="Viktoria Pavlovich">
Viktoria Pavlovich

Viktoria Pavlovich (Belarusian "Вікторыя Паўловіч"; born 8 May 1978) is a female Belarusian table tennis player who plays for Turkish powerhouse Fenerbahçe SK. Winner of the women's singles at the 2010 and 2012 European Championships. She was born in Minsk, and resides there. Her twin sister Veronika Pavlovich is an Olympic table tennis player too.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, reaching the third round of the singles competition. She competed in both singles and doubles in 2004. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she reached the fourth round.

</doc>
<doc id="19049956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049956" title="Massive Noise Injection">
Massive Noise Injection

Massive Noise Injection is a live album by the band Wolfsbane recorded at The Marquee, London on 20 February 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19049964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049964" title="Preincarnate (album)">
Preincarnate (album)

Preincarnate is a limited edition album released by Bethany Joy Lenz. In 2002 Lenz released her first album featuring eight original tracks, all performed and written by Lenz. This album is no longer available for purchase and distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="19049979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19049979" title="Environment and sexual orientation">
Environment and sexual orientation

The relationship between environment and sexual orientation is a subject of research into possible environmental influences on the development of human sexual orientation. Some researchers distinguish environmental influences from hormonal influences, while others include biological influences such as prenatal hormones as part of environmental influences.
Sexual orientation is theorized as possibly being a combination of genetic, hormonal, and environmental influences. The American Psychological Association stated, "Although much research has examined the possible genetic, hormonal, developmental, social, and cultural influences on sexual orientation, no findings have emerged that permit scientists to conclude that sexual orientation is determined by any particular factor or factors. Many think that nature and nurture both play complex roles." However, according to Royal College of Psychiatrists, there is "no substantive evidence" which suggests parenting or early childhood experiences play a role.
Results from a 2008 twin study were consistent with moderate, primarily genetic, familial effects, and moderate to large effects of the nonshared environment (social and biological) on same-sex sexual behavior.
Childhood gender non-conformity.
Researchers have found childhood gender nonconformity to be the largest predictor of homosexuality in adulthood. Daryl Bem suggests that some children will prefer activities that are typical of the other sex. Choice of activity consistent with societally defined gender roles will make a gender-conforming child feel different from opposite-sex children. Gender-nonconforming children, on the other hand, will feel different from children of their own sex. In either case, this feeling of difference may evoke physiological arousal when the child is near members of the sex which it considers as being "different", which will later be transformed into sexual arousal. Researchers have suggested that this nonconformity may be a result of genetics, prenatal hormones, personality, parental care or other environmental factors. Peter Bearman showed that males with a female twin are twice as likely to report same-sex attractions, unless there was an older brother. He says that his findings support the hypothesis that less gendered socialization in early childhood and preadolescence shapes subsequent same-sex romantic preferences. He suggests that parents of opposite-sex twins are more likely to give them unisex treatment, but that an older brother establishes gendersocializing mechanisms for the younger brother to follow.
The proportion of adolescents reporting same-sex attraction is significantly higher than the proportion reporting same-sex sexual experience. In addition to attraction, opportunity has to present itself. Since opportunity is clearly socially structured, our expectation is that social influences should be stronger for behavior than attraction.
He suggests possible socialization experiences might shape desire, but not subsequent adult sexual orientation. It is possible that genetic influence could operate on the pathway from attraction to behavior.
Family influences.
Researchers have provided evidence that gay men report having had less loving and more rejecting fathers, and closer relationships with their mothers, than non-gay men. Some researchers think this may indicate that childhood family experiences are important determinants to homosexuality, or that parents behave this way in response to gender-variant traits in a child. Michael Ruse suggests that both possibilities might be true in different cases.
From their research on 275 men in the Taiwanese military, Shu and Lung concluded that "paternal protection and maternal care were determined to be the main vulnerability factors in the development of homosexual males." Key factors in the development of homosexuals were "paternal attachment, introversion, and neurotic characteristics." One study reported that homosexual males reported more positive early relationships with mothers than did homosexual females. A 2000 American twin study showed that familial factors, which may be at least partly genetic, influence sexual orientation.
Research also indicates that homosexual men have significantly more siblings than the homosexual women, who, in turn, have significantly more siblings than heterosexual men. A 2006 Danish study compared people who had a heterosexual marriage versus people who had a same-sex marriage. Heterosexual marriage was significantly linked to having young parents, small age differences between parents, stable parental relationships, large numbers of siblings, and late birth order. Children who experience parental divorce are less likely to marry heterosexually than those growing up in intact families. For men, same-sex marriage was associated with having older mothers, divorced parents, absent fathers, and being the youngest child. For women, maternal death during adolescence and being the only or youngest child or the only girl in the family increased the likelihood of same-sex marriage.
Fraternal birth order.
According to several studies, each additional older brother increases a man's odds of developing a homosexual orientation by 28%–48%. Most researchers attribute this to prenatal environmental factors, such as prenatal hormones. McConaghy (2006) found no relationship between the strength of the effect and degree of homosexual feelings, suggesting the influence of fraternal birth order was not due to a biological, but a social process.
Urban setting.
In their landmark study of sexual behavior in the United States -- reported in the "Social Organization of Sexuality" -- the University of Chicago sociologist Edward Laumann and his colleagues found that homosexuality was positively correlated with urbanization of the place of residence at age 14. The correlation was more substantial among men than women. The authors hypothesized that "Large cities may provide a congenial environment for the development and expression of same-gender interest." This idea was further elaborated in Laumann's later book, The Sexual Organization of the City, which showed that expression of sexual orientation is contingent on the existence of "sex marketplaces," or venues where people with specific sexual orientations can congregate and meet.
In Denmark, people born in the capital area were significantly less likely to marry heterosexually, and more likely to marry homosexually, than their rural-born peers.
Cultural influences.
Anthropologists had observed that relatively uncompetitive primitive cultures such as those that do not distinguish or reward the best hunters in distinction to the other men in the tribe have virtually no homosexuality. Miron Baron commented, "Some cultures – for example, the Assyrian and Graeco-Roman – were more tolerant of homosexuality. The behavior was practiced openly and was highly prevalent. Sexual patterns are to some extent a product of society's expectations, but it would be difficult to envisage a change in the prevalence of the genetic trait merely in response to changing cultural norms." This hypothesis had previously been enunciated by Richard Burton as the Sotadic zone.
In the US, there has been an increase number of women developing an attraction for other women. Susan Bordo has stated that when a taboo is lifted or diminished, it gives individuals the space to explore and express their sexual orientation. Binnie Klein has stated that "It's clear that a change in sexual orientation is imaginable to more people than ever before, and there's more opportunity – and acceptance – to cross over the line."
History of sexual abuse.
The American Psychiatric Association stated: "...no specific psychosocial or family dynamic cause for homosexuality has been identified, including histories of childhood sexual abuse. Sexual abuse does not appear to be more prevalent in children who grow up to identify as gay, lesbian, or bisexual, than in children who identify as heterosexual."
One study in the "Journal of the American Medical Association" found that "Abused adolescents, particularly those victimized by males, were up to 7 times more likely to self-identify as gay or bisexual than peers who had not been abused." Another study found that "Forty-six percent of the homosexual men in contrast to 7% of the heterosexual men reported homosexual molestation. Twenty-two percent of lesbian women in contrast to 1% of heterosexual women reported homosexual molestation."
In a 30-year longitudinal study published in the "Archives of Sexual Behavior," although the authors found that men with histories of childhood sexual abuse were more likely to report ever having had same-sex sexual partners, they did not find any "significant relationships between childhood physical abuse or neglect and same-sex sexual orientation in adulthood;" neither men nor women with histories of childhood physical abuse, sexual abuse, or neglect reported more same-sex sexual partners in the previous year or same-sex romantic cohabitation compared to men and women without such histories. Authors of the study speculated that "sexual abuse may result in uncertainty regarding sexual orientation and greater experimentation with both same- and opposite-sex relationships," but may not affect ultimate sexual orientation.

</doc>
<doc id="19050004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050004" title="Liam Henderson">
Liam Henderson

Liam Marc Henderson (born 28 December 1989) is an English footballer who plays for Spennymoor Town as a striker.
Henderson started his senior career with Watford and made his first team debut in 2008. He was loaned out by Watford on five occasions, playing for Wealdstone, Hartlepool United, Colchester United, Aldershot Town and Rotherham United. After being released by Watford in 2011 he signed for York City, and in his first season with the club was twice loaned to Forest Green Rovers. He was loaned to Gainsborough Trinity and Gateshead during the 2012–13 season, before signing for Gateshead permanently in 2013.
Career.
Watford.
Born in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear, Henderson played in his hometown for Gateshead Redheugh, prior to joining the Hartlepool United youth system. He decided to leave Hartlepool at the age of 14 after eight months as he was being played at centre half and he subsequently rejoined Gateshead Redheugh. He had a trial with West Ham United and was offered a two-year scholarship contract by them and Watford, but decided to sign for Watford at the age of 16 in July 2006. Henderson was first involved with the first team after being an unused substitute for a 2–0 defeat at Southend United in the League Cup second round on 28 August 2007. He joined Isthmian League Premier Division club Wealdstone on work experience for three months in February 2008 and he scored three goals in 10 appearances. He signed a one-year professional contract with Watford in April.
He made his first team debut for Watford in the League Cup second round as a 75th minute substitute against Darlington in a 2–1 victory after extra time on 26 August. Henderson made his league debut four days later after coming on as a substitute against Ipswich Town in a 2–1 victory. On 15 January 2009, Henderson went on a three-month loan to League One outfit Hartlepool as a replacement for the injured James Brown and the recently departed Richie Barker. He made his debut a day later against Northampton Town as Hartlepool won 2–0, coming on as an 81st minute substitute for Joel Porter. He went on to make nine appearances for Hartlepool, and had a brief appearance in the FA Cup game against West Ham United, before being recalled by Watford on 25 March. He signed a new one-year contract with Watford in May.
He signed a new one-year contract with Watford in June 2010, with the club having an option to extend it another year. On 14 September Henderson joined League One club Colchester United on loan until early January 2011. After making 11 appearances he returned to Watford after his loan was not renewed by Colchester. After a brief period back at Watford he was sent out on loan to League Two side Aldershot Town on an initial one-month deal on 6 January. Following a change in management at Aldershot, it was decided that Henderson was not going to feature and was sent back to Watford late in January, but he was ineligible to play for another club until the loan expired. He subsequently joined another League Two team, Rotherham United, on a one-month emergency loan on 14 February, and provided an assist on his debut the following, in a 2–0 win against Accrington Stanley. The loan was extended until the end of the season on 17 March.
York City and Gateshead.
Henderson was released by Watford following the end of the 2010–11 season and on 26 May 2011 he signed a two-year contract with Conference Premier club York City on a free transfer. After spending the first two games of the 2011–12 season on the bench for York he suffered a knee injury in training. His debut for York eventually came on 10 September after entering the side's 2–1 defeat away at Tamworth as a 66th minute substitute. Henderson was signed by fellow Conference Premier side Forest Green Rovers on a one-month loan on 18 November, and scored on his debut the following day with Forest Green's fourth goal of a 5–1 victory away at Braintree Town in the 80th minute, having entered the game three minutes earlier as a 77th minute substitute. Henderson finished the loan spell with one goal in five appearances. He scored on his full debut for York in a Boxing Day 1–1 draw with Mansfield Town and stated afterwards that he hoped to secure a run in the first team. He eventually returned to Forest Green for a second spell on 6 January 2012, signing on loan until the end of the 2011–12 season. His second period on loan concluded with 1 goal in 17 appearances.
Henderson joined Conference North side Gainsborough Trinity on a one-month loan on 28 September 2012, making his debut the following day in a 2–2 home draw with Corby Town. He made four appearances for Gainsborough before returning to York. On 22 November 2012, he signed for his hometown club, Conference Premier team Gateshead, on loan until 2 January 2013. He made his debut for Gateshead the following day as a substitute in a 2–0 win against Macclesfield Town in the FA Trophy. After making four appearances for Gateshead, he signed for the club permanently on a contract until the end of the 2012–13 season, after he agreed a settlement with York over his contract. Henderson scored his first goal for Gateshead on 20 April 2013, the final day of the 2012–13 Conference Premier season, in a 2–0 win over Ebbsfleet United. Six days later, Hendseron was one of seven players released by Gateshead.
Spennymoor Town.
Henderson dropped down to play in the Northern League Division One after signing for Spennymoor Town on 21 June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19050014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050014" title="Eva Ódorová">
Eva Ódorová

Eva Ódorová (born 22 November 1979 in Komárno) is a Slovak table tennis player.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, reaching the second round of the singles competition. She also competed in the team competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19050034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050034" title="The17">
The17

The17 is a choir. It writes and performs improvised music scores and does not make recordings of its performances. Anyone who wants to can become a member of The17 by joining a performance on its UK Coast-to-Coast or World City-to-City tours. The17 was founded by Bill Drummond as a development of his interest in choral music, after hearing the music of Arvo Pärt. It also follows Drummond's belief that "all recorded music has run its course" and that music should be a performed art form, "celebrating time, place and occasion and nothing to do with something trapped in the iPod in your pocket".
The principal tenets of The17 are stated on Penkiln Burn Notices created by Bill Drummond. These notices, along with approximately 400 composed scores for The17, are freely available for viewing, downloading and printing on a website dedicated to The17. The website also contains news about upcoming performances and images of Drummond's graffiti carried out in the name of the choir.:
Name.
Drummond states that he thought of the name immediately. It has origins in his love of Prime numbers, and his idea of the seventeenth year as a stage of life between the "sweet, coy" sixteen and the full adulthood of eighteen. It is also a play on the name of The Sixteen, a professional choir admired by him. While the first performance of The17 was carried out by 17 men in a studio in Leicester, the name no longer dictates the number of choir members for a performance; scores may be performed by hundreds of voices or none.
Ethos.
The choir's ethos derives from Drummond's disillusionment with recorded music. He released a manifesto calling on people to "dispense with all previous forms of music and music-making and start again",
Each performance has no audience and is never recorded. Also, there is no sheet music; instead the choir performs according to instructions written by Drummond or other choir members. These instructions (called "scores," but bearing little relation to musical scores) are open to change over time, and exist in the public domain.
Tours.
The17's Coast-to-Coast tour "encompasses 20 different scores each performed at one of 20 different locations within the shores of the British Isles. Each performance is twinned with an overseas performance of The17". Performances have been twinned so far between, for example, Liverpool and New York, Beirut and Birmingham, and Derry and Calcutta. There is also a "City-to-City" World Tour of The17 on which a version of SCORE 328 titled SURROUND is performed each time. SURROUND entails 100 members of The17, standing in a circle in a city at up to 50 metre intervals between them. Choir members then call/sing to the choir member next along some specified notes or phrases such as "way-ho!" The circle may be circumnavigated several times. So far the City-to-City World Tour has included locations such as Port-au-Prince, Beijing, Salford and Tromsø (Norway). The17 performed in London on March 18, 2012, recreating with the Syrian community an event which was originally planned to take place in Damascus, Syria. Drummond explained: 'it would best for all concerned if the Syrian leg of the tri-nation festival was postponed for a few weeks or maybe months, when things would have undoubtedly settled down' 
Members.
The choir has a constantly shifting membership (the choir's website states that to join one need only turn up and sing ); as of April 2009 there have been 1,508 performers, mostly members of the public with little or no experience in professional music.
The17 in Schools.
In 2006, Drummond was invited to help schoolchildren compose scores in a project sponsored by the Arts Council. Children from several primary and secondary schools in County Durham wrote scores that were eventually compiled in the book "Scores 18–76". The children also performed their scores in the Hatton Gallery, Newcastle.
Score 1. IMAGINE and Graffiti.
Of approximately 400 existing scores written by Bill Drummond and other members of The17, Score #1 is titled IMAGINE. It begins with the words "Imagine waking up tomorrow and all music has disappeared." For many new locations on The17's World Tour, a Penkiln Burn notice is created with the IMAGINE score translated into the local language. Translations in 22 different languages exist so far including various European languages, Chinese, Hebrew, Arabic, Russian and Haitian Kreyol. For many locations on the World Tour, Drummond finds a place to graffiti the first line of the IMAGINE score translated in the local language. Artists and members of The17, John Hirst and Tracey Moberley, have documented much of this graffiti with their own photographs.
"17" The Book.
Bill Drummond's 2008 book, titled "17" "draws on the strands of thought that led to instigate The17" from his childhood, his art school years and his work in the music industry. The book then documents The17's first year
including the choir's first performances, its reception and development by school children and Drummond's instigation of No Music Day. The book is published by Beautiful Books.

</doc>
<doc id="19050036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050036" title="Sandra Paović">
Sandra Paović

Sandra Paović (born 15 April 1983) is a Croatian table tennis player.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, reaching the second round of the singles competition. She also competed in the team competition.
Sandra suffered critical injuries in a traffic accident on 30 January 2009 ( she was still undergoing therapy in the effort to regain full use of her legs ([http://www.croatiantimes.com/news/Sports/2009-12-21/7901/Sandra_Paovic_returns_home_for_Christmas).
She was born in Vukovar.

</doc>
<doc id="19050055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050055" title="Breydel building">
Breydel building

The Breydel building is an office block in the European Quarter of Brussels (Belgium) that served as a temporary headquarters for the European Commission between 1991 and 2004.
The seat of the Commission, the symbolic Berlaymont building, was in dire need of renovation due to the discovery of asbestos in its construction. A new building was rapidly needed to house President and his college of Commissioners, as the issue of the location of European Union institutions was being discussed and any delays could lead to the Commission withdrawing from the city.
Plans for the building were already being prepared by the bank BACOB due to the rapidly expanding needs of the Commission, though the entire block would be needed to house the 1300 civil servants and auxiliary services. Foreseeing this, developers had bought a block of houses each on the area to ensure they all received a slice of the pie when the land was bought up. The main building was ready just in time for the transfer of Commission staff at the end of 1991, and expansion continued through the 1990s.
The President and most of the Commission moved back to the Berlaymont when renovation was completed in 2004, however the Commission has bought the building when it moved in (one of the first times it bought a building rather than rented it) and it is still a Commission building today, housing the Directorate-General for Enterprise and Industry and the Directorate-General for Budget.
The building was designed by André and Jean Polak, who designed the Berlaymont, together with Marc Vanden Bossche and Johan Van Dessel. It took just 23 months to build.

</doc>
<doc id="19050056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050056" title="Pakistan International School, Riyadh">
Pakistan International School, Riyadh

Pakistan International School, Riyadh, (PISR) is a community school in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, established in 1968, primarily for the Pakistani community in Riyadh under the permission of the late King Faisal Bin Abdul Aziz Al-Saud. Among the numerous international schools in Saudi Arabia, the PISR is largest in terms of enrollment with a student body of over 8,300 students. Until 1988, the school functioned under the management of the Armed Forces of Pakistan but on 4 December 1988, it was taken over by the Embassy of Pakistan at Riyadh The Ambassador of Pakistan to Saudi Arabia appoints the governing board and the principal of the school.
Board of Governors.
As per the rules and regulations of the Ministry of Education of Saudi Arabia, the Ambassador of Pakistan nominates the seven members Management Council from Parents, headed by a chairman under the supervision of Ministry of foreign Education Saudi Arabia. Management Council has been given comprehensive authority to run the school.
Affiliation.
The school is affiliated with the Federal Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Islamabad. Syllabi and courses of studies prescribed by the Board are followed by the school for SSC (Grade 9-10) and HSSC (Grade 11 - 12) Examinations.
Location and Wings.
There are seven constituent units of the school, called wings, situated in the neighborhood of Nasiriyah within a radius of about half a kilometer.
The wings are known as:
The Principal’s office and the Administrative wing of the school are situated in a separate building adjacent to the Primary Girls Wing.
Administrative Structure.
The staff are directly recruited from Pakistan or from the Pakistani community residing locally.
Facilities.
The school caters for the educational needs of boys and girls of the Pakistan community in Riyadh from K.G to Class XII. Facilities provided by the school are:
Admissions.
Admissions remain open throughout the year but normally held at the beginning of the Academic Session and after the Summer Vacation. Being the only recognized educational institution for the Pakistani community in the area, every Pakistani applicant is accommodated. An admission test/interview is given to the candidates by the Class Teacher or Wing Head. The age requirement for admission to Nursery is 3 and above, KG 4 and above and to class 1 is 5 and above and so on.
Medium of Instruction.
Provision of both English and Urdu instruction in separate sections is available from classes V-X.
Co-curricular Activities.
All students join a houses to ensure competition in activities. The students are encouraged to participate in the following activities:
Societies, such as Debating Society, Computer Club and Literary Society, run co-curricular activities.

</doc>
<doc id="19050058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050058" title="Dana Hadačová">
Dana Hadačová

Dana Hadačová (; born 3 September 1983) is a Czech table tennis player.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, reaching the second round of the singles competition.
She was born in Hodonín, and resides there.

</doc>
<doc id="19050068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050068" title="John Beverley Oke">
John Beverley Oke

John Beverley Oke (23 March 1928 – 2 March 2004) was an astronomer and professor of astronomy at Caltech. He worked in astronomical photometry and spectroscopy and is well known for creating instruments for the detection and measurement of cosmic phenomena. His instruments were used on the Hale telescope at Mt. Palomar, California and the Keck telescope on Mauna Kea, Hawaii. “He was one of the first really serious and really excellent astronomer-instrumentalists,” says James E. Gunn, Eugene Higgins Professor of Astronomy at Princeton University Observatory, “and he and the instruments he designed and built were very largely responsible for keeping Palomar and the 200-inch telescope so far ahead of the rest of the world during the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s.”
His work and instruments led to the spectacular 1963 discovery that quasar 3C 273 was receding from Earth at one sixth the speed of light.

</doc>
<doc id="19050077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050077" title="Latvia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Latvia at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Latvia competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="19050086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050086" title="Krisztina Tóth">
Krisztina Tóth

Krisztina Tóth (born 29 May 1974 in Miskolc, Hungary) is a female Hungarian table tennis player from Gödöllő (Hungary), who currently resides in Augsburg, Germany. She has won several medals in single, doubles, and team events in the Table Tennis European Championships, in the Table Tennis World Cup, and in the World Table Tennis Championships.
General Interest.
Tóth began playing table tennis at the age of 8 in her hometown Gödöllő. She was inspired to do so by her uncle, who was a professional table tennis player. She still plays with her very first racket. In 2008, she became an honorary citizen of Gödöllő.
Charity work.
Tóth is a promoter of children's table tennis in Hungary. She is also supporting less privileged families in her home country.
Career records.
Singles (as of November 10, 2011)
Women's Doubles
Mixed Doubles
Team

</doc>
<doc id="19050098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050098" title="Verónica Arcay">
Verónica Arcay

Verónica Susana Arcay Andrade is a pageant titleholder, born in Valencia, Venezuela on May 24, 1988. She represented the Portuguesa state in the Miss Venezuela 2008 pageant, on September 10, 2008, and placed in the 10 semifinalists.

</doc>
<doc id="19050099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050099" title="Pertti Ukkola">
Pertti Ukkola

Pertti Ukkola (born August 10, 1950) in Sodankylä is a Finnish wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling. He was selected Finnish Sportspersonality of the year 1977.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19050101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050101" title="Valērijs Žolnerovičs">
Valērijs Žolnerovičs

Valērijs Žolnerovičs (born April 19, 1985 in Ventspils) is a Latvian Olympic athlete. He is the current holder of the Latvian record both in marathon and half marathon.
Trained by Dainis Lodiņš, Žolnerovičs finished the 3000m steeplechase at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing with a time of 8:37.65 (32nd overall). In 2010 he won the half marathon distance of Riga Marathon, finishing after 1:05:40 and beating the event record, set by Pavel Loskutov in 2008, by 12 seconds. At the 2011 Lisbon Half Marathon Žolnerovičs broke the Latvian record in half marathon, finishing after 1:04:43.
At the 2013 Frankfurt Marathon Žolnerovičs broke the Latvian record in marathon for the second time, finishing after 2:14:33.

</doc>
<doc id="19050108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050108" title="Nügədi">
Nügədi

Nügədi or Nyugedy or Nyugedi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19050114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050114" title="Rūta Paškauskienė">
Rūta Paškauskienė

Rūta Paškauskienė (born 29 March 1977) is a Lithuanian table tennis player. Since 1994 she won several medals in singles, and doubles events in the Table Tennis European Championships.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, reaching the second round of the singles competition.
She was born in Kaunas, and resides there.

</doc>
<doc id="19050134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050134" title="Nikoleta Stefanova">
Nikoleta Stefanova

Nikoleta Stefanova (born 22 April 1984) is a Bulgarian-born female table tennis player competing for Italy. From 2003 she won several medals in single, double, and team events in the Table Tennis European Championships.
She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, reaching the second round of the singles competition. She competed in both singles and doubles at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19050162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050162" title="John Snead">
John Snead

John Snead is a freelance role-playing writer who lives in Portland, Oregon. He has been gaming since 1980 and became a full time designer and writer of role-playing games in 1998. His education includes majors in Mathematics and History and minors in Classics and Physics from Washington University in St. Louis as well as a M.A. in Cultural Anthropology from the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
He came up with the initial idea and setting for and wrote a significant portion of "Blue Rose", and has written large amounts of "Exalted", "Trinity" and "", as well as work on many other games. John Snead is the developer for Onyx Path Publishing's upcoming science fiction game "Æon". Æon is a revised version of the "Trinity" role-playing game.

</doc>
<doc id="19050169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050169" title="All Hell's Breaking Loose Down at Little Kathy Wilson's Place">
All Hell's Breaking Loose Down at Little Kathy Wilson's Place

"All Hell's Breaking Loose Down at Little Kathy Wilson's Place" is a mini-album by the band Wolfsbane released in 1990. The song "Kathy Wilson" was inspired by the 1953 sci-fi film "Invaders From Mars", and features lines from the film voiced by Blaze Bayley.
Many of the songs would become firm fan favourites during Wolfbane's tour in support of Iron Maiden (a band that Blaze Bayley would later join in 1994 but leave 5 years later).

</doc>
<doc id="19050194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050194" title="Paul Arndt">
Paul Arndt

Paul Julius Arndt (14 October 1865 – 17 July 1937) was a German classical archaeologist who was a native of Dresden.
He studied classical art under Johannes Overbeck (1826-1895) at the University of Leipzig, and classical archeology with Heinrich Brunn (1822-1894) at the University of Munich. In 1887 he graduated with a dissertation on Greek vases, afterwards working as an assistant to Heinrich Brunn in Munich. Following Brunn's death in 1894, Arndt became an assistant to Adolf Furtwängler (1853-1907), and was responsible for edition of "Denkmäler griechischer und römischer Skulptur".
Arndt was the son of a wealthy merchant in Mecklenburg, and for much of his career was financially independent, therefore having the means to work as a private scholar and dealer of Greek art. He was primarily known as a collector of ancient sculptures, a large part of which are now kept in the Glyptothek of Munich, as well as in Ny Carlsberg Glyptotek, Copenhagen. He also amassed a superb collection of ancient gems that since 1958 have been part of the "Staatlich Münzsammlung" in Munich. 
Arndt's scientific estate is presently owned by the Institute of Classical Archaeology of the University of Erlangen.

</doc>
<doc id="19050196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050196" title="Vertigo pygmaea">
Vertigo pygmaea

Vertigo pygmaea, common name the "crested vertigo", is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.
Shell description.
Shell extremely small, oval-cylindric and obtuse at the summit, of a more or less deep brown, smooth and little shining. Spire consist of 5 progressively increasing whorls.
Aperture is scarcely longer than wide, and nearly round, furnished with 4 teeth, of which the superior is acute, two deeply placed inferior, and finally one on the columellar margin. A fifth tooth is often found in the base of the aperture. The lateral margin is slightly angular in the middle. Peristome is reflected below. Umbilical crevice quite pronounced.
This snail lives under hedges.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Europe in the following countries and islands:
And in America, in:
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from reference.

</doc>
<doc id="19050207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050207" title="Şordəhnə">
Şordəhnə

Şordəhnə (also, Shordekhna and Shordekhne) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 957. 

</doc>
<doc id="19050210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050210" title="Irv Torgoff">
Irv Torgoff

Irving Torgoff (March 6, 1917–October 21, 1993) was an American basketball player of the 1930s and 1940s.
Torgoff was born in Brooklyn, New York and played basketball at Tilden High School. He attended Long Island University from 1935 to 1939 and was a two-time All-American for coach Clair Bee. In 1939, Torgoff led LIU to an undefeated record and a National Invitation Tournament championship over Loyola University Chicago. At the end of the season, he was named the winner of the Haggerty Award as the top collegiate player in the New York City area. After graduating, Torgoff played professional basketball with the Detroit Eagles of the National Basketball League, the Philadelphia Sphas of the American Basketball League, and the Washington Capitols, Baltimore Bullets, and Philadelphia Warriors of the Basketball Association of America.
Red Auerbach, who coached the Capitols before gaining fame as coach of the Boston Celtics, said of Torgoff, "He was really the first player who became known as a sixth man in basketball. Torgoff was the kind of player who could come off the bench and was as good as any of the starters. He could turn a whole game around. He was one of the great players."
After his basketball career ended, Torgoff sold fabrics and yarn. He died of a heart attack in Fort Lauderdale, Florida in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19050247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050247" title="Democracy and Education">
Democracy and Education

Democracy and Education: An Introduction to the Philosophy of Education is a 1916 book by John Dewey. Dewey sought to at once synthesize, criticize, and expand upon the democratic (or proto-democratic) educational philosophies of Jean-Jacques Rousseau and Plato. He saw Rousseau's philosophy as overemphasizing the individual and Plato's philosophy as overemphasizing the society in which the individual lived. For Dewey, this distinction was largely a false one; like Vygotsky, he viewed the mind and its formation as a communal process. Thus the individual is only a meaningful concept when regarded as an inextricable part of his or her society, and the society has no meaning apart from its realization in the lives of its individual members. As evidenced in his later "Experience and Nature" (1925), this practical element—learning by doing—arose from his subscription to the philosophical school of Pragmatism.
Synopsis.
In "Democracy and Education", Dewey argues that the primary ineluctable facts of the birth and death of each one of the constituent members in a social group determine the necessity of education. On one hand, there is the contrast between the immaturity of the new-born members of the group (its future sole representatives) and the maturity of the adult members who possess the knowledge and customs of the group. On the other hand, there is the necessity that these immature members be not merely physically preserved in adequate numbers, but that they be initiated into the interests, purposes, information, skill, and practices of the mature members: otherwise the group will cease its characteristic life. 
Dewey observes that even in a "savage" tribe, the achievements of adults are far beyond what the immature members would be capable of if left to themselves. With the growth of civilization, the gap between the original capacities of the immature and the standards and customs of the elders increases. Mere physical growing up and mastery of the bare necessities of subsistence will not suffice to reproduce the life of the group. Deliberate effort and the taking of thoughtful pains are required. Beings who are born not only unaware of, but quite indifferent to, the aims and habits of the social group have to be rendered cognizant of them and actively interested. According to Dewey, education, and education alone, spans the gap.
Reception.
Dewey's ideas were never broadly and deeply integrated into the practices of American public schools, though some of his values and terms were widespread. Progressive education (both as espoused by Dewey, and in the more popular and inept forms of which Dewey was critical) was essentially scrapped during the Cold War, when the dominant concern in education was creating and sustaining a scientific and technological elite for military purposes. In the post-Cold War period, however, progressive education had reemerged in many school reform and education theory circles as a thriving field of inquiry learning and inquiry-based science.
Some find it cumbersome that Dewey's philosophical anthropology, unlike Egan, Vico, Ernst Cassirer, Claude Lévi-Strauss, and Nietzsche, does not account for the origin of thought of the modern mind in the aesthetic, more precisely the myth, but instead in the original occupations and industries of ancient people, and eventually in the history of science. A criticism of this approach is that it does not account for the origin of
cultural institutions, which can be accounted for by the aesthetic. Language and its development, in Dewey's philosophical anthropology, have not a central role but are instead a consequence of the cognitive capacity.
Legacy.
While Dewey's educational theories have enjoyed a broad popularity during his lifetime and after, they have a troubled history of implementation. Dewey's writings can also be difficult to read, and his tendency to reuse commonplace words and phrases to express extremely complex reinterpretations of them makes him susceptible to misunderstanding. So while he held the role of a leading public intellectual, he was often misinterpreted, even by fellow academics. Many enthusiastically embraced what they mistook for Dewey's philosophy, but which in fact bore little or a distorted resemblance to it.
Dewey tried, on occasion, to correct such misguided enthusiasm, but with little success. Simultaneously, other progressive educational theories, often influenced by Dewey but not directly derived from him, were also becoming popular, such as Educational perennialism which is teacher-centered as opposed to student-centered. The term 'progressive education' grew to encompass numerous contradictory theories and practices, as documented by historians like Herbert Kliebard.
Several versions of progressive education succeeded in transforming the educational landscape: the utter ubiquity of guidance counseling, to name but one example, springs from the progressive period. Radical variations of educational progressivism were troubled and short-lived, a fact that supports some understandings of the notion of failure. But they were perhaps too rare and ill-funded to constitute a thorough test.

</doc>
<doc id="19050267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050267" title="Leopoldo Nachbin">
Leopoldo Nachbin

Leopoldo Nachbin (7 January 1922, Recife — 3 April 1993, Rio de Janeiro) was a Brazilian mathematician who is best known for Nachbin's theorem.

</doc>
<doc id="19050295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050295" title="PCA3">
PCA3

Prostate cancer antigen 3 (PCA3, also referred to as DD3) is a gene that expresses a non-coding RNA. PCA3 is only expressed in human prostate tissue, and the gene is highly overexpressed in prostate cancer. Because of its restricted expression profile, the PCA3 RNA is useful as a tumor marker.
Use as biomarker.
The most frequently used biomarker for prostate cancer today is the serum level of prostate-specific antigen (PSA), or derived measurements. However, since PSA is prostate-specific but not cancer-specific, it is an imperfect biomarker. For example, PSA can increase in older men with benign prostatic hyperplasia. Several new biomarkers are being investigated to improve the diagnosis of prostate cancer. Some of these can be measured in urine samples, and it is possible that a combination of several urinary biomarkers will replace PSA in the future.
Compared to serum PSA, PCA3 has a lower sensitivity but a higher specificity and a better positive and negative predictive value. It is independent of prostate volume, whereas PSA is not. It should be measured in the first portion of urine after prostate massage with digital rectal examination.
PCA3 has been shown to be useful to predict the presence of malignancy in men undergoing repeat prostate biopsy. This means that it could be useful clinically for a patient for whom digital rectal examination and PSA suggest possible prostate cancer, but the first prostate biopsy returns a normal result. This occurs in approximately 60% of cases, and on repeat testing, 20-40% have an abnormal biopsy result.
Other uses that are being studied for PCA3 include its correlation with adverse tumor features such as tumor volume, grading (Gleason score) or extracapsular extension. These studies have so far produced conflicting results.
A commercial kit called the Progensa PCA3 test is marketed by the Californian company Gen-Probe. Gen-Probe acquired rights to the PCA3 test from Diagnocure in 2003. Royalties of 16% of cumulative sales of PCA3 kit are paid to Diagnocure. Diagnocure is quoted on TSX
as CUR.TO (Canada) 
Discovery.
PCA3 was discovered to be highly expressed by prostate cancer cells in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19050302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050302" title="CS Dinamo București (rugby)">
CS Dinamo București (rugby)

Dinamo Bucureşti (Rugby) is one of the top rugby clubs in Romania. Located in the nation’s capital, Bucharest, the Dinamo Bucuresti side traditionally consisted of members drawn from the ranks of the civil service and/or police. Along with the army side, Steaua, the Dinamo team is one of the nation’s top rugby union outfits. The Dinamo Gaz Sud team, as they are presently known, won the 2007-08 Romanian top division (Divizia Nationala) title, defeating arch rivals Steaua 6-0. This 2008 victory was the side's most recent success, with the team bowing out of the club competition at the semi-final stage during the past two seasons, most recently to eventual champions Baia Mare. Nevertheless, Dinamo Bucuresti has been the dominant club side in Romania since the arrival of the 21st century, recording six titles over the past decade.
Famous former players include Petru Balan, a prop who made a name for himself in recent years anchoring the front row for French club Biarritz Olympique, and Gabriel Brezoianu, a Romanian international winger.

</doc>
<doc id="19050303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050303" title="Sir James Gray, 2nd Baronet">
Sir James Gray, 2nd Baronet

Sir James Gray, 2nd Baronet PC, KB (c. 1708 – 14 February 1773) was a British diplomat and antiquary.
Life.
He was the elder son of Sir James Gray, 1st Baronet and his wife Hester Dodd. His younger brother was General George Gray. 
He completed his education at Clare College, Cambridge, being awarded M.A. in 1729. He then travelled on the continent.
Be began a diplomatic career in 1744 as secretary to Robert Darcy, 4th Earl of Holderness, the Minister Resident at Venice and succeeded him as Resident there from 1746 to 1752. In October 1753, he was sent to Naples, where he remained until 1763, undertaking a mission to Rome concerning The Young Pretender in 1755. His final diplomatic position was as ambassador to Spain from 1766 to 1770, during which time he was there only about two years. On his return to England in 1769, he was sworn to the Privy Council. 
He was made a Knight Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1759. 
He and his brother were founder members of the Society of Dilettanti of which George was secretary and treasurer. While in Naples, he took a close interest in the archaeological discoveries at Portici and Herculaneum. 
He nominated suitable young grand tourists for the Society of Dilettanti. 
He also offered advice on the king's new palace at Caserta.
He died in 1773 leaving two illegitimate daughters. His baronetcy was inherited by his brother, who died the same year, upon which it became extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="19050309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050309" title="Gaffes et gadgets">
Gaffes et gadgets

Gaffes et gadgets, written and drawn by Franquin, is an album in the original "Gaston Lagaffe" series, numbered 0. It is made up of strips and illustrations originally published in Spirou, and was published by Dupuis in 1985. It consists of 48 pages.
Story.
Fantasio finds it difficult to put up with Gaston's devices and inventions.
Background.
This album consists of illustrations published in Spirou around 1957, at a time when Gaston Lagaffe was a character who served to fill the blanks in the magazine. It also collects some strips which never before had been published in album, plus some who were previously published in the small-sized album entitled "Gaston", published in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="19050310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050310" title="Wu Shude">
Wu Shude

Wu Shude (Chinese: 吴数德; born 18 September 1959) is a male Chinese weightlifter. He won a gold medal at 1984 Olympics Games in men's 56 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="19050313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050313" title="Missiles (album)">
Missiles (album)

Missiles is the fourth full-length studio album by Canadian indie rock band The Dears, which was released on October 20, 2008 on Dangerbird Records in the United States and MapleMusic Recordings in Canada.
Recording.
The album was marked by creative tensions within the band. By the time the recording process was complete, most of the supporting musicians had left, leaving only core members Murray Lightburn and Natalia Yanchak. Lightburn subsequently selected several other musicians, including members of Pony Up, as a temporary touring band; most of the band's earlier lineup later returned for the 2011 album "Degeneration Street".
Personnel.
Other Personnel.
RECORDING:
MIXING:
MASTERING:
Artwork:
A&R: Jeff Castelaz and Peter Walker
MANAGEMENT: Dangerbird
LEGALMENT: Craig Averill, Esq.

</doc>
<doc id="19050337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050337" title="Omiya Law School">
Omiya Law School


</doc>
<doc id="19050356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050356" title="Lifestyles of the Broke and Obscure">
Lifestyles of the Broke and Obscure

Lifestyles of the Broke and Obscure is a compilation album by the band Wolfsbane consisting of the albums "Wolfsbane" (CD1) and "Massive Noise Injection" (CD2).
Track listing.
Disc One: Wolfsbane
Disc Two: Massive Noise Injection

</doc>
<doc id="19050367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050367" title="Septimus Orion">
Septimus Orion

Septimus Orion is a recording project initiated with the release of its first studio album "CAGED" in August 2008. The album includes an audio version of Clifford Meth's short story "Queers". This short story was originally published in "god's 15 minutes" by Aardwolf Publishing. Celtic Frost drummer Reed St. Mark lends his percussive talents while also working on the Triptykon project with former Celtic Frost band mate Tom Gabriel Fischer. Veteran songwriter and musician Mark Radice joined the cast of Septimus Orion while continuing to compose and record for Public Television. For this work, Radice was nominated for an Emmy Award in 2008 [http://www.imdb.com/Sections/Awards/Daytime_Emmy_Awards/2008]. Former front man and vocalist for Lodi hardcore punk band Rosemary's Babies, known as "JR", joined Septimus Orion with a rerecorded version of his song "Sanctioned Violence".
The album "CAGED" features cover art by the late "X-Men" comic artist Dave Cockrum. Album also includes Space-themed music, using sounds from space recorded by NASA and The University of Iowa.
Discography.
2008 CAGED (Consurgo Records)
Track list details.
1. Bludgeoned - 7:01<br>
2. Bellatrix - 3:27<br>
3. Rush Rush-3:34<br>
4. Rush Rush (trip mix) - 5:53<br>
5. Sanctioned Violence - 2:29<br>
6. "Queers" by Clifford Meth - 37:25

</doc>
<doc id="19050372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050372" title="3C 454.3">
3C 454.3

3C 454.3 is a quasar/blazar located off the galactic plane. It lies some 7.1 billion light-years away in Pegasus , at galactic coordinates long = 86 deg, lat = -38 deg, and is currently undergoing a flaring episode that makes it especially bright, especially in the gamma-ray part of the spectrum.
History.
In July and August 2007, the gamma-ray blazar 3C 454.3 flared to near-historic levels, only two years after its record-breaking 2005 optical flare. Luckily, Spitzer Space Telescope and Chandra X-ray Observatory were already scheduled for simultaneous observations. Swift, RXTE and the new gamma-ray AGILE spacecraft responded to this target of opportunity, and were joined by observatories around the world.
The GLAST Large Area Telescope AGN science group started a multiwavelength campaign for blazar 3C454.3 (2251+158), in July and continuing through August 2007. This Ad Hoc Intensive Campaign (AIC) was prompted by brightening in the radio, optical and X-ray.

</doc>
<doc id="19050388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050388" title="Agapanthus inapertus">
Agapanthus inapertus

Agapanthus inapertus, (Drakensberg Agapanthus or Drooping Agapanthus) is a species of Agapanthus, native to open grasslands, forest margins and mountainous, rocky areas of South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19050389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050389" title="Rose of Allendale">
Rose of Allendale

"The Rose of Allendale" is an English song, with words by Charles Jefferys and music by Sidney Nelson, composed in the 1840s. Because the song has been recorded by Paddy Reilly and Mary Black, many people mistakenly believe the song to be a (traditional) Irish song. Sometimes it is also believed to be a Scottish song.
The English song lyrics are about a maiden from the town of Allendale, Northumberland (in love songs, a rose, regarded as a beautiful and romantic flower, is often the fairest maiden of a region or village).
Even though similarities are striking that the song is a translated version of a much older German folk song that melodywise rooted in an old "altwürttembergische Melodie" from the Rems valley. It is a soldier's farewell song to his beloved and reflects the unstable times of war.
The song was also popularized by the Scottish folk band The Corries, and The Dubliners (e.g. on their 1987 album "25 Years Celebration") as well as in bagpipe versions, e.g. Grampian Police Pipe Band on their album "Pipes and Drums of Scotland", song no. 13.

</doc>
<doc id="19050391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050391" title="Oxyloma retusum">
Oxyloma retusum

Oxyloma retusum, common name the blunt ambersnail, is a species of small land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk belonging to the family Succineidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in North America.
Biology.
This snail eats dead and green plants in the summer, and only dead plants during the winter.

</doc>
<doc id="19050403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050403" title="Rick Azar">
Rick Azar

Rick Azar (born Ricardo Carballada) is an American broadcaster who spent 31 years at WKBW-TV in Buffalo, New York.
WKBW-TV career.
Rick Azar was the first voice heard on WKBW-TV on November 30, 1958. The station was located at 1430 Main Street in Buffalo, New York and the call letters stood for "Well Known Bible Witness".
Azar signed the station on with the words, "Ladies and Gentlemen, WKBW-TV Channel 7 is on-the-air!" The first broadcast on that snowy night was the James Cagney classic film, "Yankee Doodle Dandy".
Azar became the station's first sports director in the early 1960s and held that position until his retirement in June 1989. Azar also hosted "Buffalo Bandstand", a local franchising of "American Bandstand", and on at least one occasion substitute hosted the national show in place of Dick Clark.
Rick Azar, Irv Weinstein, and Tom Jolls served as the longest running news anchor team in the nation. Azar also served as a color analyst on WKBW's (now WWKB) radio broadcast of the Buffalo Bills games, play-by-play man on the Bills preseason games televised on WKBW-TV and an intermission host on Buffalo Sabres hockey games televised in the 1970s on Ch 7. Azar also did basketball play-by-play on St. Bonaventure basketball games on Ch 7 during the Bob Lanier era.
Azar doing radio in North Carolina.
Rick currently lives in Pinehurst, North Carolina with his wife Edith and hosts a weekly jazz radio program on WLHC-FM Life 103.1
Rick Azar began his career at WHLD radio station in Niagara Falls in the early 1950s and is an accomplished violinist.
Personal life.
Azar is the brother of Carlos Carballada, who briefly served as interim mayor of Rochester, New York in 2011 and currently serves as Rochester's commissioner of community and economic development.

</doc>
<doc id="19050423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050423" title="Spaceflight (TV series)">
Spaceflight (TV series)

Spaceflight is a 1985 American documentary miniseries about manned spaceflight, originally broadcast by PBS in four parts. It is narrated by Martin Sheen and features interviews with many former astronauts from the Mercury, Gemini, Apollo, and Space Shuttle programs. The series is a co-production of WETA-TV and WYES-TV. The final episode was redone after the Challenger incident (covered the inquiry and the return to flight as well).

</doc>
<doc id="19050424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050424" title="Passos, Minas Gerais">
Passos, Minas Gerais

Passos is a Brazilian municipality located in the southwest of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2010 was 104,015 people living in a total area of 1,339 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Sul e Sudoeste de Minas and to the micro-region of Passos. It became a municipality in 1858. 
The name is derived from the patron saint Bom Jesus dos Passos. 
Location.
The city center of Passos is located at an elevation of 745 meters in a fertile region between the state boundary of São Paulo and the great reservoir of Furnas. Neighboring municipalities are: Delfinópolis (N), São João Batista do Glória and São José da Barra (E), Alpinópolis (SE), Jacuí (S), Fortaleza de Minas (SW), and Itaú de Minas and Cássia (W).
Statistical Micro-region.
Passos is a statistical micro-region consisting of 14 municipalities: Alpinópolis, Bom Jesus da Penha, Capetinga, Capitólio, Cássia, Claraval, Delfinópolis, Fortaleza de Minas, Ibiraci, Itaú de Minas, Passos, Pratápolis, São João Batista do Glória, and São José da Barra. In 2000 the population was 207,525 inhabitants living in a total area of 7,127.40 km².
Distances
Airport
Economic activities.
Industry is the main economic activity of the municipality and is mainly centered in the production of sugar, yeast, milk byproducts and poultry. It has been expanding in other areas like heavy vehicle parts, cement, shoes and clothing. In 2005 520 transformation industries employing 5,719 workers. Other sectors were the retail sector employing 7,144 workers, public administration employing 1,141, and health services employing 1,276 workers. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$874 million, with 523 million reais from services, 168 million reais from industry, and 104 million reais from agriculture. There were 1,196 rural producers on 87,000 hectares of land. Approximately 8,000 persons were occupied in agriculture. The main crops are coffee, sugarcane, rice, beans, and corn. There were 113,000 head of cattle, of which 34,000 were milk cows (2006). 
There are 10 banks (2007): Banco ABN AMRO Real, Banco do Brasil, Bradesco, Banco Crediacip, Banco HSBC, Banco Itaú (3 branches), Banco Mercantil do Brasil, Banco Santander Brasil, and Banco Unibanco.
In the vehicle fleet there were 21,046 automobiles, 1,588 trucks, 2,075 pickup trucks, 304 buses, and 10,944 motorcycles (2007). 
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 58 health establishments, which included 29 public health clinics and 3 hospitals with 416 beds (2005). Educational needs of 20,500 students were met by 38 primary schools, 15 middle schools, and 23 pre-primary schools. In higher education there was one school: 
Fundação de Ensino Superior de Passos. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$310.00 was above the state average of R$276.00 and below the national average of R$297.00. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="19050450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050450" title="Manuel Flores Mora">
Manuel Flores Mora

Manuel Flores Mora (1923–1984) was a Uruguayan journalist and politician representing the Colorado Party.
Background and early career.
A direct descendent of 19th century President Venancio Flores, Flores worked in his youth for a range of newspapers, including the daily "Acción" where he became political editor and later deputy editor; and he also wrote for the famous weekly Uruguayan newspaper "Marcha".
He is remembered as a member of the "Generation of 45", a Uruguayan intellectual and literary movement: Carlos Maggi, Ángel Rama, Emir Rodríguez Monegal, Idea Vilariño, Carlos Real de Azúa, Carlos Martínez Moreno, Mario Arregui, Mauricio Muller, José Pedro Díaz, Amanda Berenguer, Tola Invernizzi, Mario Benedetti, Ida Vitale, Líber Falco, Juan Cunha, Juan Carlos Onetti, among others.
Political roles.
He stood for election and in 1954 became a Deputy, serving three terms until rising to the post of Senator in 1966. A year later he was named Minister of Cattle Ranching and Agriculture in the cabinet of President Óscar Diego Gestido, a position he maintained into the presidency of Jorge Pacheco Areco until June 1968 when he left due to differences over security issues. He opposed Pacheco from the Senate until 1971 when he ran for the presidency and vice-presidency simultaneously, with Amílcar Vasconcellos as his running mate. Neither slate attracted sufficient support, however, and he subsequently lost his seat in the Senate.
After the coup d'état of June 27, 1973, he became an active opponent of the new military régime. He joined the editorial board of "El Día" and in the last years of the dictatorship wrote articles for the magazine "Jaque" (which he co-founded in 1983) denouncing the wide ranging abuses committed by the military in power.
Death.
He died in 1984 in his 61st year, just as parliamentary democracy was returning to Uruguay. 
He was married to María Zulema Silva Vila. His son, Manuel Flores Silva, took his seat in the new Senate. His daughter, Beatriz Flores Silva, is a film director.

</doc>
<doc id="19050471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050471" title="2011 Military World Games">
2011 Military World Games

The 2011 Military World Games, officially known as the 5th CISM Military World Games, was hosted from July 15–24, 2011 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The 5th Military World Games was the largest military sports event ever held in Brazil, with approximately 4,900 athletes from 108 countries competing in 20 sports. The Games were organized by the Military Sports Commission of Brazil (CDMB) and the military commands (Army, Navy and Air Force), in accordance with CISM regulations and the rules of the International Sports Federations.
Organization.
Bidding process.
Brazil was chosen to host the 5th Military World Games during a meeting of the International Military Sports Council held in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, on May 25, 2007. Brazil won, by means of a ballot, the race against Turkey to host the 2011 games. Representatives from over 75 countries took part in the poll. Rio's existing sports infrastructure, the Brazilian expertise at hosting major events, and the support granted to the project by the local authorities were decisive for the Brazilian victory.
Infrastructure and budget.
The athletes participating in the 5th Military World Games were accommodated in three athlete's villages (Green, Blue and White), all located in Rio de Janeiro. The Green Village was located in the neighborhood of Deodoro, the Blue Village in Campo dos Afonsos and the White Village in the district of Campo Grande. The villages were built to be a functional and diverse center, vital to the operations of the Military World Games. The three villages comprise 106 buildings, 1,206 apartments and 4,824 rooms, with capacity to accommodate about 6,000 athletes and 2,000 officials. The budget used for the construction of the three villages is of R$ 400 million.
Venues.
Twenty-seven competition venues were used during the 5th Military World Games, the majority located within Rio de Janeiro.
The venues located outside the city of Rio de Janeiro were the Resende Airport and the Academia Militar das Agulhas Negras located in Resende, the Avelar Instruction Center located in Paty do Alferes, the Mario Xavier National Forest located in Seropédica, and the Giulite Coutinho Stadium belonging to America Football Club located in Mesquita.
Sports.
The competition comprised 20 sports, some of them appearing for the first time in military world games, such as beach volleyball.
Medal table.
The nations by number of gold medals are listed below. The host nation, Brazil, is highlighted.

</doc>
<doc id="19050507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050507" title="Mulpani">
Mulpani


</doc>
<doc id="19050544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050544" title="Çağan">
Çağan

Çağan is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 331. The municipality consists of the villages of Çağan, Birinci Çağan, and İkinci Çağan.

</doc>
<doc id="19050557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050557" title="The Chase (Marit Larsen album)">
The Chase (Marit Larsen album)

The Chase is the second album from Norwegian singer-songwriter Marit Larsen, and was released on October 13, 2008. The first single of this album entitled "If a Song Could Get Me You" was made available via Marit Larsen's Myspace page on August 11, 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="19050574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050574" title="Nilkantha">
Nilkantha

Nilkantha may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19050579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050579" title="Marriott Wardman Park">
Marriott Wardman Park

The Washington Marriott Wardman Park is a Marriott International property in Washington, D.C.. The hotel is located in the Woodley Park neighborhood at 2600 Woodley Road, NW and Connecticut Avenue, NW, adjacent the Woodley Park station of the Washington Metro system.
The Wardman Park is the largest hotel in the capital, with 1,316 guest rooms, and of total event space and of exhibit space.
History.
Built between 1917-1918 by local developer Harry Wardman, the Wardman Park Hotel was an eight-story, red brick structure modeled on The Homestead resort in Virginia. The hotel was the largest in the city, with 1200 rooms and 625 baths. It was nicknamed "Wardman's Folly", due to its location far outside the developed area of Washington.
It opened on November 23, 1918, just days after the armistice ending World War I. No elaborate opening festivities were held, however, as all public gatherings had been made illegal while the city was in the grips of the cataclysmic 1918 flu pandemic then sweeping the globe. The hotel was an immediate success due to the housing shortage caused by Washington's growth during World War I.
In 1928, the hotel was expanded with an eight-story, 350-room residential-hotel annex, designed by architect Mihran Mesrobian. That building is today the only surviving portion of the original Wardman Park, known as the Wardman Tower and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Wardman was forced to sell the hotel in 1931, due to the Great Depression, to Washington Properties.
"Before the United States entry into World War II, espionage and intrigue enveloped the historic hotel with a beguiling British spy named Cynthia, who operated out of the premises as she spied on the French Vichy Embassy. Cloaked in the darkness of night, she would visit her lover, an embassy employee whom she had compromised, and steal top-secret documents, transporting them back to the hotel and photographing them in a lab she had set up in her room.
"In the late 1940s, the hotel pool was utilized by the 5th Marine Reserves who were taught how to swim with their clothes on. Images of Army Special Forces soldiers rappelling down the side of the Sheraton Park Hotel have also been located, taken during a training exercise on October 3, 1962.
The first televised broadcast of NBC's "Meet the Press" took place in 1947 in the Wardman Tower, where host Lawrence Spivak was a resident. Other shows broadcast from the hotel include "The Camel News Caravan", "The Today Show" (Frank Blair segments), and the "The Arthur Murray Dance Program".
Washington Properties sold the hotel to Sheraton Hotels in 1953. Renamed the Sheraton-Park Hotel, the largely residential hotel was gradually converted to house mainly overnight guests.
Substantial additions were made to the property, transforming it into a full-scale convention hotel, including large new ballrooms and the 1964 addition known as the Motor Inn and later known as the Park Tower.
By the late 1970s, it was decided that the 1918 main building was outdated and unable to be modernized. Construction began in 1977 on a modern replacement hotel, immediately adjacent on the property. When it opened in 1980, as the Sheraton Washington Hotel, the original building closed and was demolished.
In 1998, following a protracted lawsuit against Sheraton by the hotel's then owners, John Hancock Insurance and the Sumitomo Corporation, Marriott International took over management of the property, renaming the hotel the Marriott Wardman Park Hotel. In 1999, Thayer Hotel Investors of Annapolis, Md., purchased the Marriot Wardman Park. These investors hoped, in 2004, to sell the Hotel. In 2005, the hotel was sold to the JGB Companies and the CIM Group.
Attorney General Michael Mukasey collapsed on November 20, 2008, while giving a speech to the Federalist Society in Washington D.C. at the hotel. He lost consciousness but was talking when he was led away to George Washington University Hospital.
Residents.
The Wardman Tower building has been home to a number of politicians and other public figures, including three U.S. presidents:
Events.
As one of the largest event spaces in Washington DC, the Marriott Wardman Park hosts many events each year. The Conservative Political Action Conference is an example of the type of large, logistically complicated event that the hotel puts on. Additionally, the Hotel hosts the annual International Telecommunications Week (ITW) trade show and idea summit, and the American Intellectual Property Law Association (AIPLA) annual meeting. The Hotel is included in the rotation of cities in which the American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) holds North American Bridge Championship tournaments, which attract a large international field of top-ranked players. Anime USA, an anime convention, has been held at the Marriott since 2012. The annual meeting of the Transportation Research Board was held at the Marriott Wardman Park for nearly 60 years, adding the Omni Shoreham and Hilton Washington and Towers as co-host hotels over time. Reaching approximately 12,000 attendees in its final year (2014) at the Marriott Wardman Park and nearby hotels, the TRB Annual Meeting was moved to the Walter E. Washington Convention Center in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="19050580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050580" title="Nikon Coolpix 5700">
Nikon Coolpix 5700

The Nikon Coolpix 5700 is a bridge digital camera manufactured and distributed by Nikon, succeeded by the Coolpix 8700, now both discontinued.
A large zoom lens, a magnesium body, and other features make the 5700 unusual for a bridge camera, and it is very different from the later Coolpix cameras. Despite the solid construction, these cameras suffer from unprovoked sensor failure, a common problem for which Nikon has issued a service advisory. This was the last of the Nikon Coolpix series to use the CYGM colour filter. The camera is capable of RAW output with 12-bits of precision. 

</doc>
<doc id="19050588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050588" title="Mohammed ibn Mohammed Alami">
Mohammed ibn Mohammed Alami

Mohammed ben Mohammed Alami (1932–1993) was a Moroccan poet. He belongs to the generation of Moroccan poets who published their writings in magazines and newspapers. Much later, his work was published in collections of his poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="19050609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050609" title="Pervoye Maya">
Pervoye Maya

Pervoye Maya literally means "1st of May", the International Workers' Day.
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19050631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050631" title="Wilsonia Historic District">
Wilsonia Historic District

Wilsonia Historic District is a neighborhood of historic cabins among sequoia trees within Kings Canyon National Park in Tulare County, California. The 'neighborhood' is located near the General Grant Grove.
The 'Wilsonia Historic District' was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 and the U.S. Historic district includes 139 contributing historic structures.
According to the 2010 Census there were five people residing at this location.

</doc>
<doc id="19050640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050640" title="Jody Williams (blues musician)">
Jody Williams (blues musician)

Joseph Leon Williams (born February 3, 1935), better known as Jody Williams, is an American blues guitarist and singer. His singular guitar playing, marked by flamboyant string-bending, imaginative chord changes and a distinctive tone, was influential in the Chicago blues scene of the 1950s.
In 2013, Williams was inducted to the Blues Hall of Fame.
Career.
In the mid-1950s, Williams was one of the most sought-after session guitarists in Chicago, yet he was little known outside the music industry since his name rarely appeared on discs. His acclaimed comeback in 2000 led to a resurgence of interest in Williams’ early work, and his reappraisal as one of the great blues guitarists.
Chicago heyday.
Born in Mobile, Alabama, United States, Williams moved to Chicago at the age of five. His first instrument was the harmonica, which he swapped for the guitar after hearing Bo Diddley play at a talent show where they were both performing. Diddley, seven years his senior, took Williams under his wing and taught him the rudiments of guitar. By 1951 Williams and Diddley were playing on the street together, with Williams providing backing to Diddley's vocals, accompanied by Roosevelt Jackson on washtub bass. Williams cut his teeth gigging with a string of blues musicians, notably Memphis Minnie, Elmore James and Otis Spann. After touring with West Coast piano player Charles Brown, Williams established himself as a session player with Chess Records.
At Chess, Williams met Howlin’ Wolf, recently arrived in Chicago from Memphis, Tennessee, and was hired by Wolf as the first guitarist in his new Chicago-based band. A year later Hubert Sumlin moved to Chicago to join Wolf's band, and the dual guitars of Williams and Sumlin are featured on Howlin’ Wolf’s 1954 singles, "Evil Is Going On", and "Forty Four", and on the 1955 releases, "Who Will Be Next" and "Come To Me Baby." Williams also provided backing on Otis Spann’s 1954 release, "It Must Have Been The Devil", that features lead guitar work from B. B. King, one of Williams’ early heroes and a big influence on his playing.
Williams’ solo career began in December 1955 with the upbeat saxophone-driven "Lookin' For My Baby", released under the name Little Papa Joe on the Blue Lake label. The label closed a few months later, leaving his slide guitar performance on "Groaning My Blues Away" unreleased. By this time, Williams was highly sought after as a session guitarist, and his virtuosity in this capacity is well illustrated by his blistering lead guitar work on Bo Diddley's "Who Do You Love?", a hit for Checker Records in 1956. (Rock musician Marshall Crenshaw listed Williams' guitar solo on "Who Do You Love" as one of the greatest guitar solos ever recorded.) Other notable session work from the 1950s include lead guitar parts on Billy Boy Arnold's "I Ain't Got You" and "I Wish You Would", Jimmy Rogers’ "One Kiss", Jimmy Witherspoon’s "Ain't Nobody's Business" and Otis Rush’s "Three Times A Fool".
In 1957, Williams released "You May" on Argo Records, with the inventive b-side instrumental "Lucky Lou", the extraordinary opening riff of which Otis Rush copied on his 1958 Cobra Records side "All Your Love (I Miss Loving)". Further evidence of Williams’ influence on Rush (they played on a number of sessions together) is Rush’s solo on Buddy Guy’s 1958 debut, "Sit And Cry (The Blues)", copied almost exactly from Williams’ "You May".
Disullusionment with music business.
The frequency with which Williams found his distinctive guitar phrases being copied without credit led to increasing disenchantment with the music business. When the distinctive riff he created for Billy Stewart's 1956 Argo release, "Billy's Blues", was appropriated by Mickey Baker for the Mickey & Sylvia hit, "Love Is Strange", Chess Records took legal action. At the conclusion of the case in 1961, Williams gained neither credit nor compensation. "I was ripped off," Williams later told John Sinkevics in the "Grand Rapids Press". In the early 1960s, Williams was making a living gigging with his Big 3 Trio (distinct from Willie Dixon’s group of the same name), but by the end of the decade, he had retired from the music industry altogether. He studied electronics and eventually became a technical engineer for Xerox, his job for over 25 years.
Comeback.
Only after his retirement did he consider picking up his guitar again, which had laid untouched under his bed all the while. "One day my wife said if I started playing again I might feel better about life in general," he told Hoekstra of the "Chicago Sun-Times". In March 2000, he went to see his old friend Robert Lockwood, Jr. play, and grew nostalgic for his music days. Back at home, an old tape of himself playing moved him to tears and inspired him to pick up his guitar again. He returned to playing in public in June 2000, when he was featured at a club gig during the 2000 Chicago Blues Festival. He gained much encouragement in this period from Dick Shurman, who eventually produced his comeback album, "Return of a Legend" (2002), on which his bold playing belies his thirty-year break from music. "He plays with a verve and vigor that sound as good today as it did on the classic records," wrote "Vintage Guitar" magazine.
Williams continues to perform around the world, mainly at large blues festivals, and can often be seen sitting in with blues guitarist Billy Flynn at Chicago club appearances.
Technique.
Williams is known for his imaginative chord selection, characterized by raised fives, and minor sixths and minor sevenths with flattened fives. He usually plays with an unusual open E tuning, originally taught to him by Bo Diddley.

</doc>
<doc id="19050654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050654" title="MeteoGroup">
MeteoGroup

MeteoGroup is the largest private weather organisation in Europe, with forecasting offices in 14 countries and customers worldwide. It is owned by PA Group, an international group of news, information and communications businesses. 
MeteoGroup has offices in UK, France, Germany, Netherlands, Sweden, Spain, Belgium, Poland, US, Singapore, Switzerland, Philippines, Italy and Ireland.
MeteoGroup caters to business and consumer customers worldwide, providing bespoke weather information to professional markets including transport, marine, agriculture, energy and the media. 
MeteoGroup also has a portfolio of top selling weather apps: WeatherPro, MeteoEarth and Magical Weather.
History.
Founding of Meteo Consult: The origins of MeteoGroup date back to 1986 when one of the first European private sector weather businesses, Meteo Consult B.V, was set up in the Netherlands by Harry Otten, a leading Dutch TV weather presenter. 
The early days were a challenge for private sector weather businesses in Europe as the National Met Offices dominated all markets and access to essential meteorological data and models was severely restricted.
However, Meteo Consult lobbied hard for fair and equal data access and to open up markets to the private sector. As a result the business in the Netherlands grew in both the media and B2B markets.
Initial European expansion: In the early nineties Meteo Consult started to look outside the Netherlands and to expand into marine services. The company began working with a major international energy and petrochemical company to develop an on-board routing system for the shipping market. SPOS, its proprietary weather routing system, is now a market leader, installed on over 2,000 vessels worldwide.
In 1993 Meteo Consult set up its first business outside the Netherlands when a joint venture for the German market was established in Berlin. In 1998 the joint venture came to an end and its wholly owned German subsidiary MC-Wetter was established.
Joint venture with PA: Further European expansion quickly followed. In 1996 Meteo Consult became a majority shareholder in Meteo Services in Belgium (now MeteoGroup Belgium) and in 1997 a joint venture was established with the Press Association in the UK - PA WeatherCentre.
In 1998 Meteo Consult acquired a majority shareholding in MeteoGraphics, a graphics business specialising in visualising weather. Also based in Berlin, MeteoGraphics works closely with the German subsidiary of MeteoGroup.
In May 2005, a majority shareholding in Meteo Consult B.V was acquired by the PA Group, an international group of news, information and communications businesses which include the Press Association, the national news agency of the UK and Ireland. 
The Press Association and Meteo Consult had worked together since 1997 in a successful joint venture in the UK, PA WeatherCentre Ltd, now MeteoGroup UK, combining the meteorological skills of Meteo Consult with the packaging and delivery skills of the Press Association.
This acquisition further broadened PA Group's portfolio of diversified information services for international markets and enabled MeteoGroup to accelerate new market growth.
Rebranding as MeteoGroup: In September 2006, the business was re-branded as MeteoGroup, bringing together all its businesses under a single brand. Meteo Consult has retained its original brand name alongside the strapline 'A MeteoGroup Company'.
MeteoGroup España was launched in 2006 with an office in Madrid and, in 2007, MeteoGroup opened new weather operations in Poland (MeteoGroup Polska) and Sweden (MeteoGroup Scandinavia).
A new business was launched in France in April 2009 (MeteoGroup France) bringing the number of European MeteoGroup operations to eight.
Launch of US office: 2010 marked a key point in MeteoGroup’s growth strategy with expansion into the United States and the launch of MeteoGroup USA.
In May 2011, MeteoGroup acquired Nowcasting International Limited, an Ireland-based company specialising in technology for offshore weather forecasting. The company now forms part of MeteoGroup Offshore, a dedicated division supplying meteorological and oceanographic products and services to the offshore industry.
At the end of 2011, operations in Europe were further strengthened with the set-up of an office in Italy, MeteoGroup Italia.
Expansion into Southeast Asia: In July 2012, MeteoGroup Singapore was launched, initially focusing on providing weather products and services to the Southeast Asian shipping and offshore markets.
Major European acquisition: In September 2013, MeteoGroup acquired mminternational (Europe) AG, a major Swiss-German weather company. The acquisition will see MeteoGroup expand its global operations to 14 countries, making it one of the largest weather companies in the world with almost 400 employees and combined annual turnover of more than €50 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19050676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050676" title="The Wallabee Champ">
The Wallabee Champ

The Wallabee Champ is a compilation album by American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member Ghostface Killah. The album is a collection of b-sides and remixes.

</doc>
<doc id="19050680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050680" title="Biləcik">
Biləcik

Biləcik or Biledzhik or Baledzhik or Bilyadzhik may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19050690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050690" title="Daniel Willington">
Daniel Willington

Daniel Alberto Willington (born September 1, 1942 in Santa Fe) is a retired Argentine football striker who played most of his career for Talleres de Córdoba and Vélez Sársfield. He also played for the Argentina national team
Playing career.
Willington was born in Santa Fe but spent his childhood in Córdoba, he started his playing career in the late 1950s with local club Talleres de Córdoba.
In 1962 he joined Vélez Sársfield where he became a regular member of the first team, in 1968 he was part of the team that won Nacional 1968, the first league title obtained by the club.
After leaving Velez, Willington played for Huracán and Instituto de Córdoba before returning to Talleres de Córdoba in 1974. 
Willington also had a spell playing for Veracruz during the 1970–71 Primera División de México season.
Titles
Managerial career.
Willington was manager of Talleres when the team won the Argentina 2nd division in 1993-94.
Titles

</doc>
<doc id="19050736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050736" title="Tony MacMahon">
Tony MacMahon

Tony MacMahon ( Ennis, Co. Clare, Ireland, 1939) is an Irish button accordion player and radio and television broadcaster.
Tony MacMahon's chief early inspiration, accordionist Joe Cooley, was a frequent caller at the MacMahon home from 1949 until 1954, when Cooley emigrated to the USA. MacMahon has described the memory of Cooley's music as being "embedded in his DNA.". Other influences from the locality were piper Willie Clancy and fiddler Bobby Casey. 
In 1957 MacMahon moved to Dublin to train as a teacher, where he came into contact with accordionist Sonny Brogan and fiddler John Kelly. Travelling in North America in 1964, in both New York and Dublin, he shared a flat with piper and singer Seamus Ennis, whom he credits as an important influence on his playing of slow airs.
MacMahon plays the accordion in the "press-and-draw" style of his mentor Joe Cooley. He is regarded as an exceptionally powerful performer, particularly of slow airs, and has been described as an "iconic figure in traditional music circles". His own attitude to his music, and his chosen instrument, can be ambivalent, however: "I wouldn’t regard my own music either as traditional or indeed anything to write home about. [...] For longer than I care to remember, I have hacked my way through tunes of beauty and tenderness on stage." 
In 1974 he was a founder member of the band Seachtair, which later became The Bothy Band. 
MacMahon enjoyed a long career with RTÉ, first as a presenter of traditional-music TV programmes, then as a radio producer (he initiated the long-running programme "The Long Note"), and returning to television with "The Pure Drop" and "Come West Along the Road". "The Green Linnet" was a 1979 television series documenting MacMahon's travels through Western Europe with banjoist Barney McKenna in a green Citroën 2CV van (nicknamed The Green Linnet). MacMahon retired from RTÉ in 1998.
MacMahon has frequently voiced strong criticism of modern trends in the performance of Irish traditional music, and of growing commercialism in particular. His address to the 1996 Crossroads Conference provides a summary of his views.
References.
"The Companion to Irish Traditional Music", ed. Fintan Vallely, New York University Press, 1999. ISBN 0-8147-8802-5.

</doc>
<doc id="19050758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050758" title="Masonic Hall (Mendocino, California)">
Masonic Hall (Mendocino, California)

The Masonic Hall, also known as the Masonic Temple and Mendocino Lodge No. 179, is an historic Masonic building located at 10500 Lansing Street in Mendocino, California, coordinates .
It was built in 1866 of local redwood by Eric Albertson and John Gschwend. Eric Albertson, who was the first worshipful master of Mendocino Lodge No. 179, also crafted from a single redwood trunk the unique sculpture of "Time and the Maiden" which adorns the top of the hall's cupola. Also known as "Father Time and the Virgin", the sculpture incorporates a book and a fallen column and has become a local landmark. While its exact symbolic meaning is shrouded in Masonic secrecy, one Mason has interpreted its meaning as "Time, patience and perseverance will accomplish all things."
It has been used often as the location for movies and TV series such as Murder She Wrote (1984-1996) with Angela Lansbury and two episodes of The Fugitive (2001), with Tim Daly.
The Masonic Hall is a contributing property in the Mendocino and Headlands Historic District which was added on July 14, 1971, to the National Register of Historic Places.
Mendocino Lodge No. 179 holds its meetings in the second floor of the building while the first floor serves as the local branch of the Savings Bank of Mendocino County.

</doc>
<doc id="19050770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050770" title="Qaralı">
Qaralı

Qaralı or Karaly or Karally may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19050813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050813" title="The Fuse (Scottish band)">
The Fuse (Scottish band)

The Fuse were a Indie Rock band from Edinburgh, Scotland, that were active between 1998 and 2005.
History.
The band was formed in 1998. The initial line up comprised Kirk Kettles (vocals), Rob Doig (guitar), Garth Coates (bass) and Craig Stark (drums). After two years of sporadic gigging around the UK, they released their self-produced debut EP, "The Ballad of Charles Godfrey Stilton" in 2001. Coates left the band in 2000 and was replaced by Keith Livingstone. A further development of the lineup came in 2003 when Livingstone and Stark were replaced by Tash and Ted Heagle.
2003 also saw the release of the single "High Society", recorded by Duncan Cameron (Teenage Fanclub, BMX Bandits, Travis) and produced by David Scott (The Pearlfishers). The Fuse released their debut album "North Eastern Town" in 2004. The album was described as a melding of Idlewild with The Undertones and The Wedding Present.
The band played a series of dates in the US while promoting "North Eastern Town", playing gigs at CBGB, Kenny's Castaways, and the Chelsea hotel. The Fuse continued to tour throughout 2005 and were invited to record a live session for Vic Galloway's BBC Radio Scotland radio show.
They disbanded in late 2005. Rob Doig went on to play bass for The Gothenburg Address while Ted Heagle became manager of The High Dials and now runs a records label called Sunny Lane Records

</doc>
<doc id="19050818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050818" title="Spiano">
Spiano

Spiano is a "frazione" (outlying area) of the commune of Teramo in the Abruzzo Region of Italy. It sits about seven miles from Teramo on a hill that overlooks both the Tordino and the Vomano valleys.
Historical Origins.
The name Spiano may have derived from the fact that the town finds itself at a point from which one can spy (in Italian "spiare") on the valleys which lie below. Others believe that the town takes its name from a location once known as Espano. Records show that in 1026 Guilbert of Teuton left his many holdings to the Bishop of Aprutino (Teramo). At the time these included land found near the city and villages of Penne, Pastori di Colledonico, Rossiano, Espano, Freniano, Colle de' Morelli, Rapina, Banio (today's Spiano to include the area of Santa Maria ad Balneum). In 1470 the city of Teramo acquired the hilltop fortifications of Frondarola and Spiano. The ownership and fates of these the castles located in Frondarola and Spiano have been exorably linked over the centuries. 
In the year 1804 Spiano, together with Fornarolo (Frondarola) made up what was then known as a Università. These political entities correspond most closely to what are called Italian communes in today's vocabulary. In 1813, the small università of Spiano was joined together with that of nearby Miano. As its population decreased, the entity later became what today is a "frazione" of the communal capital of Teramo.
Sulfur Springs.
Near Spiano are well known sulfur springs. The historian Niccola Palma notes that farmers have come to this site for many years in order to gather the crystallized salt formations that lie within. Nearby there once stood a small village by the name of "Bagno". A road leading to this area still carries this name and a nearby church, Saint Mary 'ad Balneum' was likely named with reference to these mineral deposits.
Churches.
In the year 1711 D. Giustino Natanni founded the Beneficial Society of Saints Joseph and Antonia Abate in the RC churco of Spiano. This church is itself dedicated to Saint Mary "ad Balneum" and falls under the patronage of the parish of Teramo. 
Church of Saint Andrea.
This church no longer exists although testimony to its existence can be found in the 1529 census records compiled by Francesco Chiericato. Most probably the church was later combined with that of nearby Spiano. A hill to the east of Spiano, Colle Sant'Andrea, still carries the name of the structure that once graced this location. 
Noted People.
Amongst the most well known and illustrious people from Spiano is a Catholic nun, Sister Angela Cimini. She was a friend and traveling companion of Maria Felice Palaferri (1721-1758). Also of note is the monsignor Domenico Valeri, who served at the Bishop of Marsi for 28 years. In 1973 he renounced his bishopric in order to live a private life as a layman. 

</doc>
<doc id="19050844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050844" title="HD 21242">
HD 21242

HD 21242 or UX Arietis is a trinary star and variable star of RS CVn type.

</doc>
<doc id="19050846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050846" title="Larry Stone">
Larry Stone

Larry Stone is the County Assessor of Santa Clara County. He was first elected in 1975 to the City Council of the City of Sunnyvale. After serving for 16½ years, including two terms as Mayor, he was elected in 1994 to serve as County Assessor for the County of Santa Clara, California for a four-year term representing not only the Capitol of Silicon Valley, but also the seventeenth largest county in the United States, encompassing more than and 1.8 million people. The county includes the cities of Campbell, Cupertino, Gilroy, Los Altos, Los Altos Hills, Los Gatos, Milpitas, Monte Sereno, Morgan Hill, Mountain View, Palo Alto, San Jose, Santa Clara, Saratoga, and Sunnyvale. He has been reelected by large majorities in 1998, 2002, 2006, and 2010.
Sunnyvale Political Career.
Mr. Stone served 16½ years as a council member and Mayor of Sunnyvale during the period the City earned an international reputation for effectiveness and became a model for President Clinton’s efforts to reform the federal bureaucracy. President Clinton said, "the National Performance Review was modeled in part upon the remarkable reinvention efforts pioneered by the City of Sunnyvale, where Larry Stone served as Mayor."
Business career.
After leaving Sunnyvale's city council, Mr. Stone founded Larry Stone Partners in 1990, where he currently serves as President and CEO. Before this, he served as Co-Founder of IMA Financial Corporation in San Francisco from 1970 to 1990. From 1981 to 1986 he served as President of the Regency West Real Estate Fund, and from 1978 to 1986 he served on the Board of Directors of Handar Electronics Corporation in Sunnyvale.
Assessor career.
As County Assessor, Mr. Stone has overseen significant improvements to streamline the operations of his office, eliminate backlogs, and achieve higher levels of public service, all while consistently operating substantially under budget. The State Board of Equalization acknowledged his office as one of the best-managed assessors’ operations in California. Recognized as an innovative leader in Assessment practices and management, Stone was elected President of the California Assessors’ Association in 2002.
Family.
Mr. Stone and his wife Carmen have lived in Sunnyvale since 1970 where they raised three sons, Edward, 41, Randall, 38, and Gregory, 36.

</doc>
<doc id="19050852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050852" title="Al-Hamadiyya Mosque">
Al-Hamadiyya Mosque

Al-Hamadiyya Mosque ( "Masjid al-Hamadiyya") is the largest mosque in the Palestinian town of al-Khader, west of Bethlehem and serves the majority of the town's residents. The mosque was built in the early 15th century and was restored by the town's residents in the 1990s. 
According to the International Middle East Media Center, in 2008, a group of Israeli settlers from Efrata and El'azar torched the mosque using stolen beehives as fuel. The mosque's imam and local Muslim leadership requested help from the Palestinian National Authority to help rebuild the mosque and to protect al-Khader from future attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="19050861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050861" title="Extra-Terrestrial Exposure Law">
Extra-Terrestrial Exposure Law

The Extra-Terrestrial Exposure Law (14 CFR Part 1211 of the Code of Federal Regulations) was the popular name for regulations adopted by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) in 1969 to formalize its "policy, responsibility and authority to guard the Earth against any harmful contamination … resulting from personnel, spacecraft and other property returning to the Earth after landing on or coming within the atmospheric envelope of a celestial body." Implemented before the Apollo 11 mission, it provided the legal authority for a quarantine period for the returning astronauts. The regulation defined "extraterrestrially exposed" as
Quarantining of astronauts on the first lunar missions was mandated in 1969 to prepare for "the remote possibility that they are harboring unknown lunar organisms that might endanger life on earth", and the Apollo 11 voyagers were kept in quarantine for 21 days after their return from the moon.
NASA filed notices establishing quarantine periods in the Federal Register for Apollo 11, Apollo 12, Apollo 13, and Apollo 14. After the completion of the Apollo 14 mission, NASA stopped enforcing the regulation, though it remained on the books. On April 30, 1971, NASA's acting administrator, Dr. George M. Low, was quoted as saying,
NASA revoked the rule in 1977 and the rule was formally removed from the Code of Federal Regulations in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19050862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050862" title="Björn O. Stenström">
Björn O. Stenström

Björn O. Stenström, aka StoneStream, is a songwriter and record producer. He has written and produced for, among other artists, Ace of Base.

</doc>
<doc id="19050894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050894" title="Death Is Now My Neighbour">
Death Is Now My Neighbour

Death is Now My Neighbour is a crime novel by Colin Dexter, the 12th novel in the Inspector Morse series.
Synopsis.
At 17 Bloxham Drive, Kidlington, Oxfordshire, a pretty 29-year old physiotherapist named Rachel James is shot almost point blank through the closed blind of her kitchen window early in the morning of 19 February 1996. The shooting took place between 7:00 and 7:30 with a .577 caliber howdah or Lancaster pistol as the pony-tailed young woman was getting breakfast prior to heading to work, her head and upper body silhouetted in the window, as her assailant stood in her backyard. 
Unfortunately, none of the other residents of Bloxham Drive can recall seeing anything suspicious that morning, including her immediate neighbour Geoffrey Owens at number 15, a newspaper reporter desperate for the scoop on this breaking news story that happened so close to his home.
Chief Inspector Morse, aided by Detective Sergent (DS) Lewis, soon discovers a cryptic 'seventeenth-century' love poem by John Wilmot and a photograph of Rachel with a mysterious grey-haired man, clues which lead them to the prestigious Lonsdale College, where the rivalry between Julian Storrs and Dr. Dennis Cornford for the position of Master, to replace Sir Clixby Bream, is about to turn deadly.
Morse goes to the extreme of employing a known house burglar and lock expert to learn more about Owens. Morse also diagnoses himself with diabetes, and, after he going to the local clinic to confirm his condition, is immediately placed in John Radcliffe Hospital for five days. He also divulges his Christian name, Endeavour (named after Captain James Cook's ship), for the first time in the series. At the conclusion of the novel, Morse's new love interest, Sister Janet McQueen (a nurse from the hospital), insists that he let Lewis know of his first name and convinces Morse to send Lewis a postcard, which he signs with his full name.

</doc>
<doc id="19050911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050911" title="Craig Ireland">
Craig Ireland

Craig Ireland (born 29 November 1975 in Dundee) is a retired Scottish professional football player.
Ireland began his a career at Aberdeen, although he only made one League Cup appearance during his time at the club. He moved to Dunfermline Athletic in February 1996 for £75,000 and would make 56 appearances in total for the Pars. His spell with Dundee began initially on loan in October 1999, then as a £50,000 transfer that December. He did not prove a great success at Dens Park so joined Airdrieonians and Notts County on loan respectively, making a permanent move to the latter.
He continued playing in England after leaving Notts, having spells at Barnsley, Peterborough United and Bristol City. On 13 June 2005 he returned to Scotland, joining Scottish Premier League side Falkirk on a free transfer. He would only play one season for the Bairns and spent another on the sidelines before being forced to retire through injury in April 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19050912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050912" title="Kiebitz">
Kiebitz

Kiebitz is German for Lapwing, it may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19050917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050917" title="Tacoma Sabercats">
Tacoma Sabercats

The Tacoma Sabercats were an American professional minor league ice hockey team based in Tacoma, Washington. The team began play in the West Coast Hockey League as of the 1997-98 season.
Tacoma immediately emerged as a power in the WCHL, winning the regular season Northern Division title and reaching the league finals in its first season. However the Sabercats were defeated by the defending champion San Diego Gulls in the league's Taylor Cup finals.
The following season, 1998–99, Tacoma won its second WCHL Northern Division title and defeated the Gulls in the Taylor Cup finals, becoming the first team other than San Diego to win the WCHL title in the league's history. Although the Sabercats won the WCHL Northern Division a third time in 1999-2000, the team failed to win another league championship.
Throughout their history the Sabercats were the only professional ice hockey team in Washington state. Although the team enjoyed a strong following in the Tacoma area, it folded after being eliminated by the Idaho Steelheads in the 2001-02 WCHL playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="19050921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050921" title="The Daughters of Cain">
The Daughters of Cain

The Daughters of Cain is a crime novel by Colin Dexter, the 11th novel in the Inspector Morse series.
Synopsis.
The body of Dr. Felix McClure, Ancient History don of Wolsey College, Oxford, is found in his flat. A brutal murder - a single stab to the stomach with a broad knife. The police have no weapon, no suspect and no motive. The case leads Morse into the path of Edward Brooks, who himself disappears following a museum theft. Then the weapon is found and there are suddenly "too many" suspects.

</doc>
<doc id="19050927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050927" title="Christina Anderson">
Christina Anderson

Christina Anderson was a television news anchor/reporter and co-anchor on KOBI's "NBC 5 News at 6pm". She was also the main anchor on "NBC 5 News at 11pm" at the Medford, Oregon-based television station. Her last day at KOBI, channel 5 was October 8, 2010. She left for a new job in Sacramento. 
In addition to her duties at KOBI, she was the official spokesperson for the Southern Oregon Meth Project, a project to help spread the word about the dangers of methamphetamine use. She used to speak at local schools and hosts seminars.
She grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area and earned her Bachelor of Arts degree at Arizona State University in Journalism and Mass Communication.

</doc>
<doc id="19050935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050935" title="Lonnie Wright">
Lonnie Wright

Lonnie Wright (January 23, 1945 – March 23, 2012) was an American professional basketball and football player who played in the same season for the Denver Rockets of the American Basketball Association and the Denver Broncos of the American Football League before switching to basketball on a full-time basis. 
Education.
Wright was born in Newark, New Jersey and attended South Side High School in Newark where he earned All-City, All-County, All-State, and All-American honors in both football and basketball. He was inducted into the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association Hall of Fame in 1997.
Wright attended Colorado State University, where he played basketball and set the school's shot put record of 52 feet, 9 inches. He scored 1,246 points in his college basketball career, and was part of the Rams team that made it to the 22-team 1966 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament, losing in the first round to the University of Houston team led by Elvin Hayes and Don Chaney.
Professional careers.
Wright was drafted in the sixth round of the 1966 NBA Draft by the St. Louis Hawks (now the Atlanta Hawks), but did not sign with the team. Despite the fact Wright never played football in college, the Dallas Cowboys of the NFL also showed interest. He signed with the Denver Broncos of the American Football League on April 16, 1966, playing for the team in 1966 and 1967. As a safety, he intercepted one pass in the 1966 season and four more the following year. He caught a single pass in his career, losing two yards on the reception.
Switching sports, Wright signed with the Denver Rockets (predecessor to the Denver Nuggets) on January 5, 1968, starting play with the Rockets just weeks after the end of the football season. 
A 6 foot 2 inch (1.88 m), 205 pound (93 kg) guard, he played for five seasons in the American Basketball Association, four seasons with the Rockets (1967–1971) and a single season with The Floridians (1971–1972). He scored 3,590 points and averaged 10.7 points per game over his career, with the 1968-69 season marking his career bests, scoring 1,130 points and 16.4 points per game, second on the team in both statistics behind Larry Jones.
While Otto Graham and Bud Grant had done the basketball-football double in the 1940s, only Ron Widby had done it since, through 1999.
Wright was inducted into the Newark Athletic Hall of Fame in 1988 and into the Colorado State University Sports Hall of Fame the following year.
Personal.
Wright served as the Director of Students at the New Jersey Medical School of the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey in Newark.
Wright's wife Johanna is head coach of the girls' basketball team at Columbia High School in Maplewood, New Jersey.
A resident of South Orange, New Jersey, Wright died at the age of 67 at his home there on March 23, 2012, due to congestive heart failure.

</doc>
<doc id="19050944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050944" title="Enidae">
Enidae

Enidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks.
Anatomy.
In this family, the number of haploid chromosomes lies between 21 and 25 (according to the values in this table).
Taxonomy.
1998 taxonomy.
The following subfamilies of Enidae are based on work by Schileyko (1998) and they are in use mainly by Russian malacologists:
2005 taxonomy.
The following two subfamilies have been recognized in the taxonomy of Bouchet & Rocroi (2005):
Genera.
Genera within the family Enidae include:
subfamilia Eninae
either in Enini or in Chondrulini
subfamily Buliminusinae
subfamily ?

</doc>
<doc id="19050961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050961" title="Ərəbcəbirli">
Ərəbcəbirli

Ərəbcəbirli (also, Arabdzhabirli and Arab Dzhabirly) is a municipality in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,839. The municipality consists of the villages of Birinci Ərəbcəbirli ("First Ərəbcəbirli") and İkinci Ərəbcəbirli ("Second Ərəbcəbirli").

</doc>
<doc id="19050986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050986" title="The Way Through the Woods">
The Way Through the Woods

The Way Through the Woods is a crime novel by Colin Dexter, the tenth novel in the Inspector Morse series. It received the Gold Dagger Award in 1992.
The plot deals with the search for a beautiful young Swedish woman who went missing a year earlier. An anonymous riddle, in the form of a five-stanza poem, is sent to the police and the case is reopened. The police ask "The Times" for help with the poem. Morse and Sergeant Lewis are put in charge of the new investigation.
The novel was adapted for television in 1995: see "The Way Through the Woods" (TV), as an episode of the "Inspector Morse" series.
Plot summary.
Morse is intrigued by a cryptic clue relating to missing Karin Eriksson, which is taken to mean she has been murdered. He is given the case and notes that the clue seems to include a reference to Wytham Woods, where he believed the police should have searched in the first place. The police search the area with help from head forester David Michaels and a body is found but it's a man.
Morse and Lewis talk to George Daley, who found Karin's bag. His wife Margaret gives them some photos developed from Karin's camera, showing a young man and a house, but tears up some more showing Karin naked. Morse identifies the house in the photo but the tennant, McBryde, disappears before he can be questioned. Morse and Lewis find the house was being used to make pornographic films and the client list includes Daley and a local lecturer, Alan Hardinge. Daley is found dead in the woods. Michaels is suspected but was showing some RSPB representatives around at the time, since the gatewarden recalls when Daley entered the woods.
The first body turns out to be Doctor Myton, the man in the photographs. Hardinge admits that Myton was taking photographs of Karin in private at the house but when the others in the house checked on them they were both dead. He, McBryde, Daley and Michaels conspired to hide the bodies. Morse, however, realises this is a lie and Karin is still alive.
Daley's son Phillip commits suicide but has an alibi for his father's murder. Morse and Lewis speak to Michaels' wife Cathy and realise she is Karin. She killed Myton when he tried to rape her and was sheltered by Michaels, who persuaded the others to cover the matter up. Morse realises Michaels killed Daley and then had Cathy dress up as him and drive to the woods to hide the body, in order to give himself an alibi. Lewis learns Morse sent the cryptic clue in the first place.
Adaptation.
The television adaptation guest starred Nicholas Le Provost as Hardinge, Neil Dudgeon as Michaels, Michelle Fairley as Cathy and Christopher Fairbank as Daley. Karin Eriksson became English girl Karen Andrews, a more unstable character who had been sexually abused by her father and served time in jail for murdering him. A subplot was added dealing with conflict between Morse and the original investigating officer, DCI Johnson (played by Malcolm Storry), who pinned Karen's murder on Steven Parnell, a serial killer responsible for four other deaths, and tried to beat a confession out of Phillip for his father's murder. Phillip's suicide was omitted but a more violent and dramatic ending added where Cathy kills both Daley and Michaels to protect her secret, finally perishing from a shot from her own gun when Morse knocks it out of her hands as she threatens him and Lewis.

</doc>
<doc id="19050989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19050989" title="Jack Lester (boxer)">
Jack Lester (boxer)

Jack Lester (2 May 1891 – 1916) was an American heavyweight boxer.
Biography.
He was born in Calumet, Michigan as Jack Jubeck on May 2, 1891 to Polish parents. He was raised in Cle Elum, Washington.
Lester's record was fairly unspectacular, though his knockout ratio in winning bouts was fairly high. His first manager was Harry Burns, but in 1910, ex-boxing champion Tommy Burns took Lester on. Tommy Burns sent Lester to Australia in 1911 to gain fight experience, and in September that year he beat Bill Lang, the Australian heavyweight champion, by points. While in Australia Lester and Burns's relationship became strained and Lester dropped Burns for Hugh MacIntosh. Lester spent the entirety of 1912 in Australia, but by March 1913 Lester was back in the States and fighting in California. Towards the end of his career he lost two matches to Light Heavyweight champion Jack Dillon. 
He died in 1916 at the age of 26.

</doc>
<doc id="19051000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051000" title="Aratkənd">
Aratkənd

Aratkənd or Aratkend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19051015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051015" title="Pomatias elegans">
Pomatias elegans

Pomatias elegans, common name the round-mouthed snail, is a species of small land snail with an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiidae within the superfamily Littorinoidea, the winkles and their allies. 
Distribution.
This species is very common in Southern Europe. Its overall distribution extends as far east as Istanbul and across the Bosphorus from there. It is uncommon in Britain and central Europe. Its distribution in North Africa is poorly documented. 
Habitat.
This snail lives only in areas where there are high levels of calcium carbonate such as on limestone or chalk rock, and where there is loose and friable soil. This snail is also sometimes found in coastal sand dunes where the sand has many shell fragments mixed in.
Description.
The shell of this species is thick-walled, ovoid and slightly conical. It is composed of 4 ½ - 5 convex spires with the last one as the largest one. The surface of the shell is reticulated with dark spots and discontinued bands of beige and violet colours. The thick and chalky operculum has an eccentric calcified nucleus, and bears a spiral sculpture. The length of the shells varies between 12.5 mm and 15.8 mm and its diameter between 7 mm and 11.5 mm. 
The waves of contractions on the surface of the foot are longitudinal, passing from side to side.

</doc>
<doc id="19051044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051044" title="Greg Findlay">
Greg Findlay

Greg Findlay (August 24, 1942) is a former professional Canadian football linebacker who played 12 years in the Canadian Football League for the BC Lions from 1962 to 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19051045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051045" title="Aral, Azerbaijan">
Aral, Azerbaijan

Aral, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19051055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051055" title="Abdinasir Said Ibrahim">
Abdinasir Said Ibrahim

Abdinasir Said Ibrahim (, ) (born July 1, 1989) is a track and field athlete from Somalia.
Career.
In preparation for competitive meets in 2008, Ibrahim and fellow athlete Samiya Yusuf Omar trained under difficult circumstances, facing harassment from local militants who interpreted his participation in official track events as compliance with the federal government authorities that they were waging war against. On account of civil unrest in Mogadishu, he also did not benefit from the consistent coaching, reliable facilities and competitive meets that other elite-level athletes enjoy.
Ibrahim represented Somalia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, competing in the 5000 metres race. He finished in 37th place overall and 12th in his first round heat, with a time of 14:21.58. The International Association of Athletics Federations recorded the time as a personal best.

</doc>
<doc id="19051107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051107" title="Audrey Kuchen">
Audrey Kuchen

Audrey Kuchen is a television news reporter for FOX CT in Hartford, Connecticut. She served as co-anchor on KOBI-TV's "NBC 5 News at 6pm" with Christina Anderson and anchor and producer of KMVU-TV's "FOX 26 First At Ten" newscast at 10pm until July 2010. 
Audrey is an east coast native. She grew up in Madison, Connecticut and later attended and graduated from the University of Arizona, majoring in Media Arts and Journalism. While attending college, Audrey was a reporter for the Arizona State Senate broadcast division in Phoenix, a sports intern for KVOA Channel 4 in Tucson and Creative Director for the Tucson-based Campus Magazine. Audrey also interned for KTVU Channel 2 in Oakland and reported for the Hometown News Network in the San Francisco Bay Area. Audrey is a member of American Women in Radio and Television and Gamma Phi Beta.

</doc>
<doc id="19051131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051131" title="Əlicanlı, Zardab">
Əlicanlı, Zardab

Əlicanlı, Zardab or Alidzhanly, Zardab or Alydzhanly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19051134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051134" title="Cannabichromene">
Cannabichromene

Cannabichromene (abbreviated as CBC) is a cannabinoid found in the cannabis plant. It bears structural similarity to the other natural cannabinoids, including tetrahydrocannabinol, tetrahydrocannabivarin, cannabidiol, and cannabinol, among others. Evidence has suggested that it may play a role in the anti-inflammatory and anti-viral effects of cannabis, and may contribute to the overall analgesic effects of medical cannabis. However, more research into the compound may be needed before any definite medical effects can be verified.
It has two stereoisomers. It is not scheduled by Convention on Psychotropic Substances.

</doc>
<doc id="19051147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051147" title="Zhou Peishun">
Zhou Peishun

Zhou Peishun (Chinese: 周培顺; 1962 - ) is a former male Chinese weightlifter. He won a silver medal at 1984 Olympic Games in men's 52 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="19051185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051185" title="Lai Runming">
Lai Runming

Lai Runming (Chinese: 赖润明; 5 May, 1963 - ) is a former male Chinese weightlifter. He won a silver medal at 1984 Olympic Games in Men's 56 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="19051191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051191" title="Mayak, Azerbaijan">
Mayak, Azerbaijan

Mayak, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19051196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051196" title="Henri Barboux">
Henri Barboux

Louis Henri Barboux (24 September 1834, in Châteauroux, Indre – 25 April 1910, in Paris) was a prominent French financial lawyer, politician, and member of the Académie française. 
Barboux was the lawyer for Sarah Bernhardt in her 1880 breach-of-contract suit against the Comédie-Française, and famously represented canal developer Ferdinand de Lesseps in the court trials of the financial Panama scandals beginning in 1892. 
Despite the political controversies attached to the Panama scandals, Barboux was elected member of the Académie française in 1907 and served only briefly before his death. His speeches were collected in three volumes in 1889-1890. 
Barboux is buried in the Montparnasse Cemetery, and a short street named in his honor lies in the 14th arrondissement of Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19051202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051202" title="USNS Hayes (T-AGOR-16)">
USNS Hayes (T-AGOR-16)

USNS "Hayes" (T-AGOR-16/T-AG-195) was a "Hayes"-class oceanographic research ship acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1971. In 1992 she was reconfigured as an acoustics research ship and assigned to the Navy’s program of acoustic noise reduction for submarines.
Built at Seattle, Washington.
"Hayes" was built in Seattle, Washington, by Todd Shipyards, Corp., and was laid down on 12 November 1969 and launched on 2 July 1970. She was named after Dr. Harvey C. Hayes, a pioneer in underwater acoustics and the former head of the US Navy Sound Division of Naval Research Laboratory. She was delivered to the Navy 21 July 1971 and placed in service by the Military Sealift Command (MSC) as USNS "Hayes" (T-AGOR-16). After completing service with the MSC, she was placed into Ready Reserve 10 June 1983. In 1984 "Hayes" was laid up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, James River, Fort Eustis, Virginia.
Conversion to acoustics research ship.
"Hayes" was reacquired by the Navy during fiscal year 1986 and was converted into an Acoustic Research Ship at Tacoma Boatbuilding, Tacoma, Washington. MSC placed the ship back into service in 1992, this time as USNS "Hayes" (T-AG-195).
History of operations.
"Hayes" was assigned to underwater acoustics research for the purpose of reducing the acoustic noise of underwater submarines.
Note.
There is no history of Hayes’ operations in DANFS.

</doc>
<doc id="19051207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051207" title="Bell Farm (Indian Head, Saskatchewan)">
Bell Farm (Indian Head, Saskatchewan)

Bell Farm is a heritage farm built in 1882 by Major Bell on ten miles (16 km) square or at Indian Head.
The first settlers moved into the district in 1882, a few months ahead of the Canadian Pacific Railway. The farming operations were so huge and out of the ordinary that, on many occasions, the passenger trains would stop and let the passengers watch the harvesting operation becoming the area's first tourist attraction.
Operations.
The first buildings constructed were the 16-room, two-story stone house measuring with a wing. Four stone and two frame five-room cottages, complemented the main dwelling along with an ice house, a cow barn, and a chicken house. The farm was divided into portions with a foreman supervising each section. Houses and buildings were built at each area with phone lines connecting the entirety. The phone lines between the 23 cottages on the farm was one of the first two phone lines in the North West Territories. In 1886 the Bell Farm owned 45 reapers, and binders, 78 ploughs, 6 mowers, 40 seeders, 80 sets of harrows and seven steam threshing outfits to plant and harvest of Red Fyfe wheat, oats and potatoes crop. The Bell Farm was a mixed farm enterprise, and the livestock of 1886 comprised 200 horses, 250 cattle and 900 hogs. Wooden grainaries on wheels, grain elevator and flour mill also complemented the Bell Farm.
Major Bell erected a twelve thousand dollar building for an Agricultural College to bring in Dr. Tanner, a noted professor of agriculture. The building was all that materialized from this plan.
Bell Barn Society.
Dave Aldous began a campaign to save the Bell Farm when the mortar holding the stones of the Bell Farm House decayed, and the farm house collapsed. A letter from Dave Aldous reached Frank Korvemaker, a provincial heritage official. Korvemaker wrote a book on stone buildings, Legacy of Stone:Saskatchewan's Stone Buildings By Margaret Hryniuk, Frank Korvemaker, and Larry Easton, and from there went on to establish the Bell Barn Society to preserve this historic barn. Korvemaker has had experience with the Saskatchewan Heritage Foundation and was instrumental in preserving the Claybank Brick Plant National Historic Site. Margaret Hryniuk, Frank Korvemaker, and Larry Easton contacted the barn's owner, Dan Walker in 2005.
The Bell Barn Society of Indian Head was founded in 2006 to raise public awareness, and financial support to restore the Bell Farm Round Barn. The campaign received $50,000 from James Richardson International (JRI) towards rebuilding the Bell Farm barn and establishing an interpretive centre for Western Canadian Agriculture. JRI, a Winnipeg company, recently celebrated 150 years of business in Canada. The effort has been supported by the Heritage Canada foundation, the Saskatchewan Architectural Heritage Society, United Empire Loyalies, local historians, schools and businesses.
In April 2008, the 126 year old stone farm was dismantled rock by rock. The ground has been leveled to reconstruct the building and engineers will be consulted for depth of piles needed for support. of land was acquired from the RM of Indian Head. The town of Indian Head will own the reconstructed site, picnic, and parking facilities. A sheet metal roof with 30 square air vents for light and ventilation, surrounds an 8 sided cupola in the center which was the upper extension of the silo and look out tower. The original barn had a unique herringbone pattern wood frame on trusses extending from the center to the stone walls. Reconstruction of the barn alone is estimated at $1 million. An 1883 Bell Farm cottage has been preserved at the Indian Head museum. The provincial and federal governments won't commit to designating the barn with heritage status as it won't be re-constructed on its precise original site. The original site of the Bell Farm will be preserved with the lower one foot of the original building for archaeological findings. The roof and north wall had already collapsed due to a heavy snowfall during the winter o 2005-2006.
Hon. Dr. Lynda Haverstock, former Lieutenant Governor of Saskatchewan, has been made Honorary Patron. Eric Peterson who portrays Oscar Leroy on the Canadian television sitcom Corner Gas is Honorary Chairman.

</doc>
<doc id="19051211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051211" title="Greatest Hits (Riot album)">
Greatest Hits (Riot album)

"Greatest Hits '78-'90" is Riot's only compilation album, released exclusively by Sony Music Japan in 1993. The collection was also issued as a limited edition Starbox.
It contains no material from the Rhett Forrester era, focusing on the Guy Speranza and Tony Moore years only.
Track listing.
+ = taken from the album "Rock City" (1977)<br>
^ = taken from the album "Narita" (1979)<br>
~ = taken from the album "Thundersteel" (1988)<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19051228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051228" title="Signature operator">
Signature operator

In mathematics, the signature operator is an elliptic differential operator defined on a certain subspace of the space of differential forms on an even-dimensional compact Riemannian manifold, whose analytic index is the same as the topological signature of the manifold if the dimension of the manifold is a multiple of four. It is an instance of a Dirac-type operator.
Definition in the even-dimensional case.
Let formula_1 be a compact Riemannian manifold of even dimension formula_2. Let 
be the exterior derivative on formula_4-th order differential forms on formula_1. The Riemannian metric on formula_1 allows us to define the Hodge star operator formula_7 and with it the inner product
on forms. Denote by
the adjoint operator of the exterior differential formula_10. This operator can be expressed purely in terms of the Hodge star operator as follows: 
Now consider formula_12 acting on the space of all forms formula_13.
One way to consider this as a graded operator is the following: Let formula_14 be an involution on the space of "all" forms defined by:
It is verified that formula_12 anti-commutes with formula_14 and, consequently, switches the formula_18-eigenspaces formula_19 of formula_14
Consequently, 
Definition: The operator formula_22 with the above grading respectively the above operator formula_23 is called the signature operator of formula_1.
Definition in the odd-dimensional case.
In the odd dimensional case one defines the signature operator to be formula_25 acting 
on the even-dimensional forms of formula_1.
Hirzebruch Signature Theorem.
If formula_27, so that the dimension of formula_1 is a multiple of four, then Hodge theory implies that:
where the right hand side is the topological signature ("i.e." the signature of a quadratic form on formula_30 defined by the cup product).
The "Heat Equation" approach to the Atiyah-Singer index theorem can then be used to show that:
where formula_32 is the Hirzebruch L-Polynomial, and the formula_33 the Pontrjagin forms on formula_1.
Homotopy invariance of the higher indices.
Kaminker and Miller proved that the higher indices of the signature operator are homotopy-invariant.

</doc>
<doc id="19051231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051231" title="A Most Wanted Man">
A Most Wanted Man

A Most Wanted Man is a thriller/espionage novel by John le Carré published in September 2008 by Hodder & Stoughton in the United Kingdom and in October 2008 by Scribner in the United States. 
A young Chechen ex-prisoner arrives illegally in Germany, practically uneducated and destitute, but with a claim to a fortune held in a private bank. This novel, set in Hamburg where the author was once a British agent and Consul, is based on the contemporary themes of the international war on terror and money laundering, and the conflicting interests of different officers and agents and the laymen more or less affected.
The novel provides an extended, if oblique, critique of the American policy, under President George W. Bush, of extraordinary rendition. The events and characters of the novel were inspired by the real-life story of Murat Kurnaz, a Turkish citizen and legal resident of Germany who, after being arrested in Pakistan in 2001, was detained and tortured in American military detention camps, first at Kandahar in Afghanistan and then at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba, before eventually being released in 2006.
Plot summary.
A young Turkish boxing champion in Hamburg notices he is being shadowed by a tall gaunt young man in a black coat, who turns up on his doorstep and demands hospitality. Somewhat suspiciously, they allow "Issa" to stay in the attic as he announces his desire to become a doctor. He contacts a human rights organisation whose attractive young bike-riding lawyer, Annabel Richter, takes his case to a British bank in the city. She bases her case to the owner, Tommy Brue, on a mysterious "Lippizaner" fund established by his father and held by the bank. When Brue meets Issa, he claims he is the son of a Russian, Colonel Karpov, who put his money in the fund, but after Brue's grilling, he refuses to claim his inheritance. Brue who by this time is falling under Annabel's spell, gives her a large personal cheque to cover expenses.
Brue receives visits from British intelligence who tell him that they had set up the bank accounts, which received payoffs and money from mafia sources. They ask him to alert them when Issa shows up. A German intelligence agent, Bachmann, who visits Annabel is homing in on a suspicious Islamist terrorist with Chechen connections, arrested entering Sweden from Turkey in a container, who has escaped custody and found his way to Germany. Annabel has moved Issa from the Turkish family to a new apartment she has recently bought but not occupied, but her evasive tactics seem suspicious to the followers. She is later apprehended in the street, interrogated by Bachmann and a woman in the intelligence service is assigned to persuade Annabel to cooperate with them. Eventually she agrees on the basis that her client will be given a German passport and be allowed to stay. 
They suggest to Annabel that Issa might be persuaded to give the money to an Islamic philanthropist called Abdullah who will give the money to charitable causes, which will include his medical training. The intelligence services are trying to link Abdullah to funding terrorism. Issa remains in Annabel's apartment whilst she tries to persuade him. Meanwhile the British agents get a promise of cooperation from Brue ahead of a meeting of the intelligence services. 
At the meeting of the Joint Committee of German authorities which has a representative of British intelligence, there are also two CIA operatives present as 'observers'. The case against "Signpost", as Abdullah is referred to, is discussed. While his religion and most of the donations are deemed legitimate, attention focusses on a small transport company which seems to siphen off a small part of the shipments of food he organizes, to be allegedly sold to aid terrorists. They discuss the fate of Issa and agree that they should keep the promises given to his lawyer. But the handover at the bank will be monitored by a large number of police and others on the assumption that he will be armed.
On the appointed day, Annabel and Issa meet Brue at the bank and Issa produces the key to the safe deposit box which contains the crucial documents. They complete the handover and Abdullah arrives to receive the money which is transmitted directly to the organisations involved, including the suspect transport company. The spies who have bugged the scene have all the evidence they need and as the group leaves, Bachmann approaches them disguised as a taxi-driver to apprehend Abdullah. At this point a group of masked men tumble out of a van which collides with the taxi, smashing Bachmann's arm and vanish with both Abdullah and Issa. "Justice has been rendered, man. American justice," says Newton, one of the American spooks who has appeared, "have you never heard of "extraordinary rendition"?" "I was asking about Issa" Bachmann said. "Issa was "air", man", Newton retorted, now seriously angrily.
Film treatments.
A nine-minute short film detailing the themes of the book was released on 22 July 2008, produced by Simon Channing-Williams, producer of the film version of Le Carré's 19th novel, "The Constant Gardener".
In June, 2011, a feature film A Most Wanted Man based on the book was announced in Germany, with Anton Corbijn as director. Australian screenwriter Andrew Bovell was to adapt the novel for the screen, according to the first publicity. The movie has been granted US$1.3 million (€900,000) in production subsidies from the city's regional film board, the FFHSH (Filmfoerderung ("film promotion") Hamburg Schleswig-Holstein), and the city will be the primary production location. Malte Grunert's recently launched Hamburg- and Berlin-based Amusement Park Films is producing the film. The film is scheduled for release in 2014, but as of January 2014 no release dates have been announced.

</doc>
<doc id="19051270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051270" title="Toronto Chamber Orchestra">
Toronto Chamber Orchestra

The Toronto Chamber Orchestra (formerly the Toronto Camerata) was founded by violinist and conductor Kevin Mallon.
Style.
The orchestra reflects the period instrument Aradia Ensemble. Orchestra members play baroque instruments and perform in musical styles ranging from the 18th century to the present. The orchestra’s overall approach focuses on the sound of period instruments.
Recordings.
The orchestra has recorded fifteen CDs for the Naxos label (symphonies of Wenzel Pichl, Leopold Mozart, Franz Ignaz Beck, Johann Baptist Wanhal, Karl von Ordóñez and overtures by Domenico Cimarosa, as well as three CDs of symphonies of Joseph Haydn). In addition the orchestra has embarked on a series of new commissions, collaborating with bassoonist Nadina Mackie Jackson and trumpeter Guy Few. This collaboration has resulted in two CD recordings.
Appearances.
Principal members of the Toronto Chamber Orchestra also perform with the Toronto Symphony, the Canadian Opera Orchestra, the Canadian Ballet Orchestra, Tafelmusik and the Aradia Ensemble. The orchestra has performed under guest conductors Alan Trudel and Nicholas McGegan.

</doc>
<doc id="19051274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051274" title="Tong Fei">
Tong Fei

Tong Fei (Chinese: 童非; 25 March 1961 - ) is a male Chinese gymnast. He competed at 1984 Olympic Games, and won a silver medal in men's horizontal bar (score: 19.975). He also helped Chinese men's gymnastics team to win a silver medal in team competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19051303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051303" title="Rich Hacker">
Rich Hacker

Richard Warren Hacker (born October 6, 1947 in Belleville, Illinois) is a former Major League Baseball player, base coach and scout. Hacker played for the Montreal Expos in the 1971 season as a Shortstop. He played in 16 games in his one year career. He had a .121 batting average, with four hits in 33 at-bats. Hacker attended Southern Illinois University. His uncle is former Major Leaguer, Warren Hacker.
Coaching.
Hacker was a base coach in the Major Leagues from 1986 to 1993, coaching for the St. Louis Cardinals from 1986–90 and the Toronto Blue Jays from 1991-93. Hacker coached first base for the Cardinals from 1986–87 and third base from 1988-90. He was the third base coach for the Blue Jays from 1991-93. He coached in two World Series (1987 and 1992) and was on the Blue Jays bench for a third (1993). He also coached in the 1988 Major League Baseball All-Star Game. His Major League coaching career was ended by a car accident suffered on the Martin Luther King bridge in St. Louis in July 1993. During his recovery from injury he remained a member of the Blue Jays coaching staff, but was transferred to off-field work such as creating hitting charts of opposing teams. He was replaced as third base coach by Nick Leyva.
Personal life.
Hacker is currently enjoying retirement with his wife Kathryn and three grown children, Roger, Scott, and Katy, in Belleville, Illinois. He remains an active hunter and amateur baseball scout. He is part of the New Athens High School Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19051309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051309" title="September Hase">
September Hase

September Hase is an American alternative rock band formed by singer/guitarist Al Janelle in 2005. Janelle formed the group as a three-man project with Adam Smith (bass/vocals) and Matthew Heller (drums) after the dissolution of his high school blues band.
Over the course of the band's career, they appeared in the audition rounds of Fox's "The Next Great American Band" in 2007. They also signed a one-year management contract with Alan Walden, Georgia Music Hall of Fame inductee and brother of Capricorn Records co-founder Phil Walden in 2008.
The band can currently be found touring the southeastern United States.
History.
Between 2002 and 2005, all three founding band members were part of the blues band at Tift County High School in Tifton, Georgia, with Al Janelle playing guitar, Matthew Heller playing drums and percussion, and Adam Smith providing vocals. The blues band was dissolved in 2005 by school officials, and Janelle, Smith, and Heller teamed up to play in a high school talent show in November 2005. Their performance of "Voodoo Child (Slight Return)" was well-received, and the band was born in Janelle's garage. In January 2006, Joel Jones was added as an additional guitar player and vocalist, and the band began working on original material as well as learning covers by artists including Lynyrd Skynyrd, The Allman Brothers Band, Stevie Ray Vaughan, and the John Mayer Trio. In May 2006, the band performed for the first time under the name "Blackbird", playing 10 songs at a free concert in Tifton. They began performing at bars and festivals throughout south Georgia, and enjoyed local popularity when radio stations WQBZ (106.3 FM) in Macon, Georgia and WGLF (104.1 FM) in Tallahassee, Florida played their original songs "Chase the Sun" and "Watch Me (Break Away)" on Sunday nights.
During a performance at the Cox Capitol Theatre in Macon on August 22, 2008, the band announced that they were changing their band name from "Blackbird" to "September Hase". Also in late 2008, the band relocated to Nashville, Tennessee, where Janelle and Heller are enrolled in college at Belmont University and Middle Tennessee State University respectively. They also amicably parted ways with Jones.
From February 20–22, 2009, the band worked with producer Rodney Mills at Southern Tracks Record Studio in Atlanta to produce a six-song demo that included a cover of "Use Me" by Bill Withers and original songs "Chase the Sun", "Undone", "Moon Mountain", "Follow", and "Love Yourself".
From October 2009 - April 2010, keyboard player Chris Norton performed with the band. He left in May 2010 to tour with Zappa Plays Zappa.
Musical Styles.
When Janelle first started the band, the music pulled heavily from blues rock influences such as Jimi Hendrix, Cream, Stevie Ray Vaughan, and the John Mayer Trio, with several songs following the standard twelve-bar blues structure, like their original works "Mistaken for a Fool" and "So Cold". As the band received regional attention and the need for original material grew, the music started to shift from blues rock to a more alternative feel. The band has cited current influences like Incubus, Pearl Jam, Primus and Project Z as contributing to this musical shift. Members also draw inspiration from the long, often-improvised rhythmic grooves of the Jam Band genre and such artists as Dave Matthews Band, Moe, Umphrey's McGee, Widespread Panic and Phish.
When September Hase relocated to Nashville, Tennessee, they began to experiment with fusing different musical elements, adding a progressive and experimental edge to their sound, citing influences from bands like The Mars Volta, Tool, and Between the Buried and Me.
Band members.
"Current"
"Former"
"Notable Guests"

</doc>
<doc id="19051325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051325" title="Xu Zhiqiang">
Xu Zhiqiang

Xu Zhiqiang (Chinese: 许志强) is a former male Chinese gymnast.
Xu was born in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province. He joined the People's Liberation Army in 1973, and enrolled in the army's gymnastics team. Later Xu was admitted into Chinese national team. Xu competed at 1984 Olympic Games, and helped China win a silver medal in men's gymnastics team competition. He also competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, but did not win a medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19051328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051328" title="Aşıqlı, Beylagan">
Aşıqlı, Beylagan

Aşıqlı, Beylagan or Ashykhly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19051338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051338" title="Sacred Heart Medical Center at RiverBend">
Sacred Heart Medical Center at RiverBend

Sacred Heart Medical Center RiverBend is a hospital in Springfield, Oregon, United States. It is one of two Sacred Heart facilities in the Eugene-Springfield area owned by PeaceHealth. The other facility, Sacred Heart Medical Center University District, is in Eugene. The new facility is home to a 24 hour Level II trauma center including full Medical/Surgical care. The hospital also provides full Women's and Children's Services, including Labor and Delivery, and a Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. Oregon Heart & Vascular Institute is located within the facility, as is the Oregon Neurosciences Institute.
RiverBend Pavilion.
RiverBend Pavilion is an onsite location for non-hospital related services. 
These include:
Opened in August, 2008, the facility replaced Sacred Heart University District as the largest in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="19051339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051339" title="The Affectionate Punch">
The Affectionate Punch

The Affectionate Punch is the first album by Scottish Post-Punk group, Associates. It was released in August 1980.
Style.
The album is markedly different from both the Associates darker, more experimental recordings and their later watery dense production style as made famous on "Sulk" and "Fourth Drawer Down". The album has an angular guitar sound and gated drums very similar to other late 70's/early 80's post-punk records. However Alan Rankine's expansive musical arrangements and Billy Mackenzie's multiple octave voice seen on those later recordings are in place.
Remix.
The album was remixed and re-released 1982 by order of the Associates new record company Warners. The remixed record retained all the old tracks but was given typical 80's production values such as new synthesizers and Billy Mackenzie re-recorded some vocals. Both Mackenzie and Rankine expressed distaste with the results. For years this was the only version available on compact disc as the master tapes for the original had been lost. However a duplicate was found and the album was reissued by Virgin in 2005.
Tracklist.
Original Album.
The 2005 reissue contains the following bonus tracks
Remixed Version.
"The Affectionate Punch" and "Would I... Bounce Back" were released as singles to little commercial success. The remixed versions of "A Matter of Gender" and "A" were also released as singles in 1982.
Personnel.
The Associates:
Michael Dempsey and John Murphy featured in promotional shots and the accompanying tour but did not perform on the record. Alan Rankine provided bass as well as guitar and keyboards and session musician Nigel Glocker provided drums.
Other Personnel:

</doc>
<doc id="19051343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051343" title="1999 Atlanta Falcons season">
1999 Atlanta Falcons season

The 1999 Atlanta Falcons season was the franchise's 34th in the National Football League (NFL). The Falcons were unable to match their previous season's output of 14–2, failed to reach the playoffs and therefore would not be the first team to host and play in the Super Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="19051366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051366" title="Agnichok">
Agnichok

Agnichok is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3681 and had 713 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051378" title="Baireni">
Baireni

Baireni is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11821.
Website: http://baireni.com

</doc>
<doc id="19051385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051385" title="Wetlands of the United States">
Wetlands of the United States

Wetlands of the United States are defined by the United States Army Corps of Engineers and the United States Environmental Protection Agency as "those areas that are inundated or saturated by surface or ground water at a frequency and duration sufficient to support, and that under normal circumstances do support, a prevalence of vegetations typically adapted for life in saturated soils. Wetlands generally include swamps, marshes, bogs, and similar areas."
Wetlands can be valued in terms of their contributions to ecological, economic and social systems. Wetlands service these systems through multiple processes including water filtration, water storage and biological productivity. They also contribute the functions of flood control, providing a nutrient sink, groundwater recharge and habitat.
The United States is a signatory to the Ramsar Convention, an international treaty for the conservation and sustainable utilization of wetlands. Under the Swampbuster provisions of the Food Securities Act of 1985, farmers who modify existing wetlands may lose their benefits under the USDA farm program. Additionally, every Presidential administration since George H.W. Bush has operated under a "no net loss" of wetlands federal policy goal.
In the United States, some wetlands are regulated by the federal government under the Clean Water Act. Determining the boundary between regulated wetlands and non-regulated lands therefore can be contentious. In reality, there is no natural boundary between the classes that humans define on these gradients (wetland/upland), and this issue is highlighted by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service's definition from Classification of Wetlands and Deepwater Habitats of the United States, which defines wetlands as "lands transitional between terrestrial and aquatic systems." Regulations to protect water quality and highway safety require that we create arbitrary boundaries within those gradients, but these boundaries are scientifically definable, and consist of areas where three criterion of the presence of hydric soils, the presence of wetland vegetation, and the presence of appropriate hydrology. 
Such regulations must be predictable, reproducible, and enforced otherwise there will be a sacrifice of clean water for development in the case of wetlands regulation (or vice versa), or sacrifice safe travel for quick travel (or vice versa) in the case of speed limits. Determining which wetlands are regulated under section 404 of the Clean Water Act or Section 10 of the Rivers and Harbors Act is termed "jurisdictional determination". Determining the boundary of wetland, whether jurisdictional under sections 404 or 10, or not jurisdictional but still meeting the technical definition of a wetland, that is having the soils, vegetation and hydrology criterion met is called a "wetland delineation", and generally is performed by college graduates with natural science or biology degrees working for engineering firms or environmental consulting firms who are familiar with the 1987 U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Wetland delineation manual.
Defining a boundary depends upon the ground and vegetation characteristics; it is easier to do where the slope of the land is steeper. Deciding if a wetland is a regulated wetland depends on classifying the water in it as "water of the United States" or not. Classifying water as "of the U.S." or "not of the U.S." for purposes of enforcing the Clean Water Act suggests a natural boundary that probably does not exist in nature, and one that was not created regarding air for purposes of enforcing the Clean Air Act. 
Indiana Wetlands are the focus of the U.S. National Wetlands Coalition, which in turn has become the focus of some controversy over "false fronts," a form of political camouflage.
Wetlands loss in the United States.
Since the 16th century, more than half of the estimated original 220,000,000+ acres of U.S. wetlands have been degraded or destroyed.
National Wetlands Inventory.
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service's National Wetlands Inventory (NWI) produces and provides information on the characteristics, extent, and status of U.S. wetlands and deepwater habitats and other wildlife habitats. The NWI also produces periodic reports on the status and trends of wetlands in the conterminous U.S. The NWI website includes a Wetlands Mapper.
The Wetlands Geodatabase and the Wetlands Mapper, as an Internet discovery portal, provide technological tools that allow the integration of large relational databases with spatial information and map-like displays. The information is made available to an array of federal, state, tribal, and local governments and the public. The Service’s wetlands data forms a layer of the National Spatial Data Infrastructure (NSDI) and is an important component of Department’s geospatial line of business portfolio and actively supports the E-government initiative through the Geospatial One- Stop and The National Map.
Geodatabase characteristics and status.
The Service’s Wetlands Geodatabase contains five units (map areas) that are populated with digital vector data and raster images. These units include the conterminous U.S., Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, and the Pacific Trust Territories. Each unit of the geodatabase contains seamless digital map data in ArcSDE geodatabase format. Data are in a single standard projection (Albers Equal-Area Conic Projection), horizontal planar units in meters, horizontal planar datum is the North American Datum of 1983 (also called NAD83), and minimum coordinate precision of one centimeter. Links are available to supplemental wetland information and metadata records that are compliant with the Federal Geographic Data Committee (FGDC) Content Standards for Digital Geospatial Metadata, Version 2.0. The Wetlands Geodatabase also contains other propriety Service datasets and developmental data, feature classes or 
information. 
The Wetlands Geodatabase is one of the world’s largest polygonal datasets (in the civilian sector). The information is increasingly popular and widely used to help identify, conserve, and restore wetland resources across the American landscape. During 2008, the number of website user requests for data exceeded 56.9 million. The Service continues to point large data users to the Web Map Service (WMS) capability. This option provides Federal and State agencies as well as large institutional users an opportunity to establish Open Geographic Consortium (OGC) linkages to ensure they are getting the latest and most complete digital data set. There were also 867 technical assistance requests in 2008.
Geospatial data status - wetlands.
In 2008, data covering were added to the Wetlands Geodatabase. These included of updated wetland map information, new data for not previously available and of data that were captured in digital format. An additional 8,245 hard copy maps (quadrangles) were added as raster image files. 
Currently the Wetlands Geodatabase contains over 34,500 7.5 minute map areas in a seamless ArcSDE geodatabase format. This represents wetland map data for approximately 64 percent of the conterminous U.S., 30 percent of Alaska, 100 percent of the windward islands of Hawaii, 77 percent of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands and, 100 percent of Guam and Saipan in the Pacific Trust Territories. By the end of 2008, the Wetlands Geodatabase contained 67 gigabytes of data, including 14.9 million polygonal features. The current status of on-line wetlands data is shown in figure 1. 
Web accessible geospatial wetlands data can be found at the U.S. Fish and Wildlife website. 
Additional web accessible Geodatabase documentation and information can be found in the Appendix on page 11. 
The wetlands data layer is increasing in size each year primarily due to existing analog data being converted to vector or raster images. Contributed data from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Regulatory Database (ORM2), other federal, state and local organizations is also increasing. More and newer data will need to come from other sources in the future to achieve the goals of producing a complete data layer for the Nation and keeping it current.

</doc>
<doc id="19051388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051388" title="Baseri">
Baseri

Baseri is a village in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6264 and had 1196 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051397" title="Meyniman">
Meyniman

Meyniman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19051402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051402" title="Benighat">
Benighat

Benighat is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6264 and had 1196 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051410" title="Outlet Falls">
Outlet Falls

Outlet Falls is a 69-foot plunge fed by Outlet Creek which flows out of farmland in Yakima County, Washington. Its watercourse, Outlet Creek, is fed by several springfed tributaries and agricultural runoff (manure and fertilizer). The perennial drop is formed as Outlet Creek erodes into the 200-foot-deep Klickitat Canyon and hurtles itself into a huge bowl. It is located several miles east of the town of Glenwood.

</doc>
<doc id="19051411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051411" title="Bhumesthan">
Bhumesthan

Bhumesthan is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7978 and had 1401 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051423" title="Paşalı">
Paşalı

Paşalı or Pashaly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19051445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051445" title="Twin Fair">
Twin Fair

The Twin Fair, Inc. was a discount department store chain based in Buffalo, New York. It was incorporated on March 22, 1956, and the first store opened on Walden Avenue. By 1959, four stores were in operation and sales stood at $2.5 million. In 1962, the founders sold the company to Unexcelled Chemicals, Corp., and also expanded the chain to include groceries. The company continued to expand opening an eighth store in 1967 on Seneca Street, along with stores in Connecticut and Cincinnati, Ohio. By 1970, through expansion and acquisition, the chain grew to 37 stores located primarily in New York and Ohio. The Ohio stores were later sold to Meijer, which briefly converted them to a concept called Meijer Square. In 1978, they added Hens & Kelly to their portfolio.
By the time of their acquisition by Federated Department Stores and subsequent merger into Gold Circle, the chain consisted of 14 stores in the western New York market. Many locations were later converted to Hills Department Stores. 

</doc>
<doc id="19051463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051463" title="Budhathum">
Budhathum

Budhathum is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3946 and had 693 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051472" title="Chainpur, Bagmati">
Chainpur, Bagmati

Chainpur, Bagmati is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5931 and had 1118 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051475" title="Wandering (dementia)">
Wandering (dementia)

Wandering, in persons with dementia, is a common behavior that can cause great risk for the person, and is often the major priority (and concern) for caregivers. It is estimated to be the most common form disruption from people with dementia within institutions. Although it occurs in several types of dementia, wandering is especially common in persons with Alzheimer's disease (AD). This can be due to forgetfulness, and also to a frequent need for stimulation.
Elopement.
Unattended wandering that goes out of bounds, a behavior known as elopement, is a special concern for caregivers and search and rescue responders. Wandering (especially if combined with sundowning) can result in the person's being lost out of doors at night, dressed inappropriately, and unable to take many ordinarily routine steps to ensure his or her personal safety and security. This is a situation of great urgency, and the necessity of searching at night imposes added risks on the searchers.
In some countries the social costs of elopement, already significant, are increasing rapidly. A search and rescue mission lasting more than a few hours is likely to expend many hundreds to thousands to tens of thousands of skilled worker hours and, per mission, those involving subjects with dementia typically expend significantly more resources than others.
Assessment.
Assessment of a person's risk of wandering often is neglected. A review of medical records of 83 persons with dementia resident in Los Angeles, California, found that only 8% of the records included a wandering risk assessment. Assessment can be performed by a social worker. In the United States the Alzheimer's Association has developed a program called "Safe Return", that includes assessment tools. An assessment tool designed for use in nursing homes is the Revised Algase Wandering Scale-Nursing Home Version (RAWS-NH); this tool may be suitable for use also in assisted living facilities.
Wandering prevention.
The most common form of wandering prevention is for a caregiver to remain in the company of the person likely to wander, so the caregiver can either accompany them or prevent them from wandering when the situation occurs.
Other methods used to prevent wandering, or simply to reduce the risk of wandering out of bounds, include: drugs, physical restraints, physical barriers, 24-hour real-time surveillance, and tracking devices. All of these methods have ethical issues and one, use of physical restraints, is widely considered to be inhumane. Tracking devices of several kinds have been evaluated.
Much of the literature on wandering concerns persons resident in institutions. Studies on wandering from private residences are insufficient for comparison of prevention via drugs versus other methods.
The risk of wandering can be reduced by several low-tech and minimally intrusive techniques, including: placing a visual barrier such as a curtain across a doorway.
Wandering can be due to a person searching for stimulation. If a wanderer does not purposefully attempt to escape the location where they are, a minimal barrier can deter wandering behaviour. However, some wanderers will look for a familiar route from their past, while others will simply 'explore.'
Some cases of wanderers operating vehicles and driving either aimlessly or along a familiar route have been reported.
In response to wandering seniors, 25 states have adopted Silver Alert programs. Silver Alert is a program similar to AMBER Alert to notify the public of missing seniors with dementia and other cognitive disabilities.
Technology.
In other efforts to help keep residents safe, mitigate liability, and protect reputations, Long Term Care and Assisted Living Facilities may use radio frequency (RFID) products to protect their residents. A resident wears a wrist, pendant, or ankle transmitter. This RFID tag can be read by receiving antenna units, which are placed usually at door or hallway locations that are deemed likely routes of egress and need monitoring. The system will then either sound an alarm or briefly lock a door when a door monitor reads a transmitter worn by a resident that is at risk for wandering. This helps prevent an elopement as staff can be notified by alarms at the door, pocket pagers, and email. A caregiver will be able to quickly find the person at risk and keep them safely inside. Smaller scale versions of this technology are also used in private residences.
Newer versions of this equipment have become more advanced. The newest types of systems may have the ability to: identify a RFID tag by a specific resident and forward that name to the staff; give staff a last known location of the resident; show a photo of the resident at the staff station with a mapped out door location; report the frequency, times and severity of the incidents; and finally, integrate with other access control systems, HVAC, fire alarm equipment and phone equipment.
The reason this type of system seems to be preferable is that it helps monitor those at risk for wandering and elopements while not infringing on the freedom of other residents or visitors to a facility.

</doc>
<doc id="19051478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051478" title="Chhatre Dyaurali">
Chhatre Dyaurali

Chhatre Dyaurali is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7501 and had 1327 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051481" title="Charles Ramble">
Charles Ramble

Charles Albert Edward Ramble is an anthropologist and former University Lecturer in Tibetan and Himalayan Studies at the Oriental Institute, Oxford University. Since 2009 he has been Professor and Directeur d'études (Histoire et philologie tibétaines) at the Ecole pratique des hautes études (EPHE, Sorbonne), Paris. He is currently the president of the International Association for Tibetan Studies (IATS) and convened the 10th seminar of IATS at Oxford in 2003.
Dr. Ramble spent over 15 years in Nepal and Tibet, and has published four books related to his main research interests: pilgrimage, the Bön religion, Himalayan civil religion and social history. In 2006 he was elected President of the International Association for Tibetan Studies. He is married to the French anthropologist Dr Anne de Sales (CNRS Nanterre), who also specializes on Nepal; together they have two adult daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19051490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051490" title="Darkha">
Darkha

Darkha is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4979 and had 910 houses in it.
References.
Darkha is verry beauti of natural. and darkha is east border of satyadevi and aakhu border in the south,jharlang border is west fraom darkha we can see beauty schene of ganesh himal. such this is nice v.d.c.

</doc>
<doc id="19051495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051495" title="Ascutney Mill Dam">
Ascutney Mill Dam

Ascutney Mill Dam, also known as the Windsor Upper Dam and the Mill Pond Dam, is an arch-gravity dam which is one of the oldest and among the earliest storage dams in the United States. It is made of cut granite and is located in Windsor, Vermont in Windsor County near the Connecticut River where it functioned as a source of hydropower and later, hydroelectric power. It is on the ASCE list of historic civil engineering landmarks since 1970 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (as Ascutney Mill Dam Historic District) since January 09, 2007.
The dam is built in the valley of the Mill Brook, a right tributary of the Connecticut River. The pond above the dam is known as the Mill Pond.
The Ascutney Mill Dam Company was formed to build the dam. Construction began in June 1834 and was finished in November. The purpose of the dam was to regulate seasonal water flow and provide hydropower for nearby sawmills and gristmills, which previously could not operate during periods of low water flow in Mill Brook. The dam allowed water to be stored in the impound during the winter for release during lower flow seasons.
Ithamar A. Beard was a New England engineer who surveyed the area and selected the site for the dam. Simeon Cobb and Joseph Mason were the contractors in charge of building the dam.
Background.
History and Planning.
As early as 1767 several sawmills and gristmills were operating along the banks of Mill Brook in Windsor, however, during periods of low water flow the mills stood idle. Like many early towns their location was often selected on the availability of such a resource. Water-powered mills to save human labor have been used since ancient times, but like all renewable energy resources, their power is not always available when needed. Sawmills were important facilities which cut logs into boards for construction, as were gristmills, which ground grain into flour. In post-colonial Vermont, these mills were essential for building and food supply needs of the growing cities.
The Ascutney Mill Dam Company was formed in 1833 to build the dam; it was the owner and was responsible for the dam's maintenance and operation. Despite problems during the financial panic of 1837, the company continued to operate the dam throughout the 19th century. Ithamar A. Beard was the engineer who surveyed the area and made the suggestion for the dam site.
Construction of the dam was performed from mid-April 1834 to mid-November 1834. It was built of cut granite and was one of the first dams built in the United States. It is also possibly the oldest masonry dam in the U.S. of any significant size. The original dam had a near-vertical downstream face built in an arch form.
Water filled up behind the dam each winter and was allowed to flow over the spillway the following spring. Water and ice falling over the crest and to the ledge below caused noise and vibrations throughout the village which concerned citizens. Inspections found that the vibrations caused no damage to the dam, but a stone buttress was built below the dam to stop the vibrations.
Construction.
Construction began on April 1834. Simeon Cobb and Joseph Mason were the contractors in charge of building the dam, and Allen Wardner, a prominent Windsor businessman and banker, superintending the work. The first step was to remove a small dam on the site. In June the first granite blocks were placed. The granite was obtained from nearby quarries. The overall construction was fairly simple and finished on November 1834, just seven months after construction began. The finished product was a 12.2 m (40.0 ft) high and 76.25 m (250.2 ft) long dam. The elevation above Mean Sea Level is 115 m (377 ft).
Condition.
The National Program for Inspection of Non-Federal Dams performed an inspection of the dam in September 1978. The report was a Phase I inspection report. The author came from the Corps of engineers in Waltham, MA New England division. The abstract of the report writes:
"The dam is considered to be in fair condition. The dam is believed to be safe under normal operating conditions. The test flood is the PMF. It is recommended that the owner engage the services of a qualified consultant to evaluate the stability of the dam. In addition to long term recommendations, there are several remedial measures which should be implemented."
The current policy of the state of Vermont department of environmental conservation requires that only dams that are capable of impounding more than need to be inspected, which is not the case for the Upper Windsor Dam.
In the twentieth century, a concrete coping was placed on top of the structure to help ensure its stability in times of flood. The dam retains much of its original structural even though it is one of the oldest dams in the United States.
Topographic Information.
For the United States Geological Survey (USGS), the dam is sourced in the Windsor Windsor quad. The topographic map shows the mountainous terrain of the area. In fact, Windsor County, Vermont is home to a total of 202 mountain summits and peaks. The highest is Gillespie Peak which is at an elevation of 3,343 feet (1,018.95 m) above sea level. The peak flow in the rivers near uneven terrain could fluctuate vastly between periods of high and low precipitation because much of the rainfall flowing down to a discharge rather than infiltrating into the ground first as it would in flat terrain. This flow could cause a large increase in flow rate and river height in a fairly small amount of time. The fact that the Connecticut River was just a few miles away also played a role in this. Because of all this, the timing of opening and closing the dam to regulate flow and produce hydroelectric power was important.
Fishing.
The Windsor Upper Dam area is a popular fishing spot, just like many of the nearby locations. Fisherman could catch a variety of fish including bluegill, brook trout and rock bass. There are areas for both fly fishing and baitcasting. Either way, the chances for catching a fish are high.
Fishing here is open to the public but a Vermont fishing license is required. The type of license depends on what kind of fishing you are doing.

</doc>
<doc id="19051509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051509" title="Love Without Hope">
Love Without Hope

Love Without Hope is a 2007 novel by the Australian author Rodney Hall.
Dedication.
"For Julian Burnside"
Epigraph.
"You are not dying because you are ill. You are dying because you are alive." - Montaigne

</doc>
<doc id="19051518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051518" title="The Brass Knuckles Tour">
The Brass Knuckles Tour

The Brass Knuckles Tour is a nationwide concert tour by rapper Nelly in support of his album called "Brass Knuckles".
The tour will begin on September 14 in Anaheim, California, and will end on October 8 in Chicago, Illinois.
The tour dates are listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="19051536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051536" title="Jessie Graham Flower">
Jessie Graham Flower

Jessie Graham Flower is apparently a pseudonym for American author Josephine Chase (died 1931) who was the author of the popular "Grace Harlowe" series of 27 books for girls, written between 1910 and 1924. The books fall into four separate series, including a high school series, college series, "Overseas" series, and "Overland Riders" series. Despite the popularity of these books and their continuing availability on the used market, there is almost no information available on-line about the author.
The author was also known by other pseudonyms including Pauline Lester (Marjorie Dean Series), Ames Thompson, Capt, Gordon Bates, and Dale Wilkins. Josephine Chase also penned the Khaki Boys series (1918-1920) under the pseudonym Captain Gordon Bates.
The Harlowe series follows the life of its heroine more or less chronologically from high school through college and beyond. Like Flower's other heroine, Grace is a role-model, already a "paragon when her story begins".
Books in the Grace Harlowe series.
Books in the Grace Harlowe series include at least the following books, all of which are available through Project Gutenberg:
"Grace Harlowe's Plebe Year at High School; The Merry Doings of the Oakdale Freshmen Girls" (1910)<br>
"Grace Harlowe's Sophomore Year at High School; The Record of the Girl Chums in Work and Athletics" (1911)<br>
"Grace Harlowe's Junior Year at High School; Fast Friends in the Sororities" (1911)<br>
"Grace Harlowe's Senior Year at High School; The Parting of the Ways"(1911)<br>
"Grace Harlowe's First Year at Overton College" (1914)<br>
"Grace Harlowe's Second Year at Overton College" (1914)<br>
"Grace Harlowe's Third Year at Overton College" (1914)<br>
"Grace Harlowe's Fourth Year at Overton College" (1914)<br>
"Grace Harlowe's Return to Overton Campus" (1915)<br>
"Grace Harlowe's Problem" (1916)<br>
"Grace Harlowe's Golden Summer" (1917)<br>
"Grace Harlowe's Overland Riders on the Great American Desert" (1921)<br>
"Grace Harlowe's Overland Riders in the Great North Woods" (1921)<br>
"Grace Harlowe's Overland Riders Among the Kentucky Mountaineers" (1922)
The following Grace Harlowe books are attested (i.e., are listed as available for sale through online vendors, some commanding high prices), but not through Project Gutenberg:
"Grace Harlowe's Overland Riders on the Old Apache Trail"<br>
"Grace Harlowe's Overland Riders in the High Sierras"<br>
"Grace Harlowe's Overland Riders in the Black Hills"<br>
"Grace Harlowe With the Yankee Shock Boys at St. Quentin"<br>
"Grace Harlowe's Overland Riders at Circle O Ranch"<br>
"Grace Harlowe's Overland Riders In The Yellowstone National Park"<br>
"Grace Harlowe Among the Border Guerrillas"<br>
"Grace Harlowe on the Lost River Trail"<br>
"Grace Harlowe Overseas"<br>
"Grace Harlowe with the Marines at Chateau Thierry"<br>
"Grace Harlowe with the American Army on the Rhine"<br>
"Grace Harlowe with the U.S. Troops in the Argonne"<br>
"Grace Harlowe with the Red Cross in France"<br>
"Grace Harlowe with the Yankee Shock Boys at St. Quentin"

</doc>
<doc id="19051545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051545" title="No Greater Love (2010 film)">
No Greater Love (2010 film)

No Greater Love is a 2010 Christian film directed by Brad J. Silverman. Lionsgate announced it acquired the North American home entertainment distribution rights to the film. Shot mostly on location in Lancaster, California, the film stars Anthony Tyler Quinn, Danielle Bisutti and Jay Underwood. It is planned to be released to DVD on January 19, 2010, and was featured at the Projecting Hope Film Festival. Thomas Nelson Publishing has released a book titled, "No Greater Love: A 90-day Devotional to Strengthen Your Marriage".
Release.
According to Amazon.com, "Christian romance, "No Greater Love", has claimed the No. 1 Hot New DVD best-seller position in both the Religious as well as the Family Life drama categories of Amazon.com."
Reception.
A columnist for "The Blade" said, ""No Greater Love" is very well crafted, however, and holds your interest as you wonder whether or how this couple and their young son can ever be reconciled after the long and bizarre separation." "No Greater Love" has been endorsed by many Christian organizations, including the American Family Association and Family Life.

</doc>
<doc id="19051548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051548" title="GP2X Wiz">
GP2X Wiz

The GP2X Wiz is an open-source, Linux-based handheld video game console and portable media player developed by South Korean company GamePark Holdings. It was released on May 12, 2009, and was also the first console from both Game Park and Game Park Holdings to be also released outside South Korea. It is the successor to the GP2X.
Overview.
An image of the Wiz system was first leaked on the web in late July 2008. Rumors had been circulating that GamePark Holdings was in the process of making a new handheld, since they had abruptly discontinued production of its first handheld, the GP2X, in late June/early July.
On August 26, 2008, GamePark Holdings announced that it was planning to release a new handheld, named the Wiz. Along with the announcement, a brochure detailing a great amount of launch information was released, complete with the system's specs. The brochure stated that new games would be released every month for the system; This is a deviation from the GP2X, which did not have many commercial games. However, the Wiz still appears to be primarily advertised as an open-source system, meant for homebrew development of games and emulators.
On September 2, 2008, it was reported that the GP2X Wiz's button layout was to be revised, and the second D-Pad on the right-hand side of the system was to be removed. In order to make these design changes, the release of the system was to be pushed back to November 2008.
Around the last week of April 2009, GamePark shipped test units of the GP2X Wiz. These are thought to be the final hardware revision before the actual product launch.
Retailers for the GP2X Wiz stated that they planned to begin shipping the GP2X Wiz as soon as October 8, 2008. , retailers are listing the price of the Wiz at $179.99 USD. The GP2X Wiz started shipping as of May 13, 2009.
Official accessories for the GP2X Wiz include the Accessory Kit (which comes with an SD card case, a wrist strap, and a spare stylus), a screen protector, and a Genuine Leather Case.
The successor of GP2X Wiz is GP2X Caanoo.
Myungtendo.
In February 2009, South Korean president Lee Myung-bak had stated that "Korea needs to develop a video game console like a Nintendo DS". This statement was parodied as the "Myungtendo MB", an obvious rip-off of the Nintendo DS. While completely unrelated to the Myungtendo incident, the GP2X Wiz is often nicknamed as the "Myungtendo", due to its release shortly after the statement.
Hardware.
Specifications.
Based on the specs released by GamePark Holdings, the Wiz appears to have a considerably more slim and compact form factor than that of the GP2X. The Wiz also has a fairly large amount of built in flash memory, which GamePark has stated will be used to hold games that will be included with the system. OLED screens are supposed to have a much faster response time than that of standard LCD screens, as well as increased brightness and an increased viewing angle.
Multimedia support.
Flash Player.
The Wiz also has Flash Player 8 with Action Script 2.0 support, allowing it to play popular flash games from the Internet.
Games.
The Wiz can run many emulators, freeware games, flash games, and applications.
The GP2X Wiz comes pre-installed with a number of games on the NAND.

</doc>
<doc id="19051551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051551" title="Mirra Alfassa">
Mirra Alfassa

Mirra Alfassa (21 February 1878 – 17 November 1973), also known as The Mother, was the spiritual collaborator of Sri Aurobindo. Her full name at birth was Blanche Rachel Mirra Alfassa.
She came to Sri Aurobindo's spiritual retreat on 29 March 1914 in Pondicherry, India. Having to leave Pondicherry during World War I, she spent most of her time in Japan where she met the Nobel laureate poet Rabindranath Tagore. Finally she returned to Pondicherry and settled there in 1920. After 24 November 1926, when Sri Aurobindo retired into seclusion, she founded her ashram (Sri Aurobindo Ashram), with a handful of disciples living around the Master. She became the spiritual guide of the community.
The experiences of the last thirty years of Mother's life were captured in the 13-volume work "The Agenda". In those years she attempted the physical transformation of her body in order to become what she felt was the first of a new type of human individual by opening to the Supramental Truth Consciousness, a new power of spirit that Sri Aurobindo had allegedly discovered. Sri Aurobindo considered her an incarnation of the Mother Divine and called her by that name: The Mother. 
When asked why he called her the Mother, Sri Aurobindo wrote a seminal book The Mother by introduction to the Mother's outstanding personalities, portions and embodiments of her divinity. That's how she came to be known as The Mother.
Early life.
Mirra (or Mira) Alfassa was born in Paris in 1878, of a Turkish Jewish father, Moïse Maurice Alfassa (5 July 1843 - 13 September 1918), and an Egyptian Jewish mother, Mathilde Ismalun (26 August 1857 - 9 December 1944). She had an elder brother named Mattéo Mathieu Maurice Alfassa (13 July 1876 - 12 August 1942) who held numerous important French governmental posts in Africa. The family migrated to France the year before she was born. For the first eight years of her life she lived at 62 Boulevard Haussmann in Paris.
Alfassa describes experiences she had as a child in Paris. She says that at age five she realised she did not belong in this world, and her sadhana (spiritual discipline) began then. She claims that she would lapse into bliss and go into a trance sometimes when she was placed in an easy chair or during a meal, much to the annoyance of her mother, who regarded this behaviour as a social embarrassment.
Between eleven and thirteen, she claims, a series of psychic and spiritual experiences revealed to her the existence of God, and man's possibility of uniting with Him. At age 12 she was practicing occultism and claimed to be travelling out of her body.
One of the experiences she claims she had, at the age of 13 for nearly a year every night, was of going out of her body and rising straight above the city:
At age 14 Alfassa was sent to a studio to learn art, and a year later she wrote as a school essay a mystical treatise named "The Path of Later On" (Alfassa 1893). In 1893 she travelled to Italy with her mother. While at the Doge's Palace in Venice she recalled a scene from a past life where she was strangled and thrown out into the canal ("The Mother – Some dates"). (Later, for instance in "Agenda", she would describe other incarnations, but she alternately describes these past lives as emanations.) At 16 she joined the Ecole des Beaux Arts where she acquired the nickname "the Sphinx", and later exhibited at the Paris Salon.
On 13 October 1897 she married Henri Morisset (6 April 1870 - 15 November 1956), a student of Gustave Moreau. Mirra and Henri had a child named André Morisset (23 August 1898 - 29 March 1982). The Morisset family lived at Atelier, 15 Rue Lemercier, Paris, and Mirra became a part of the Parisian artistic circles, befriending the likes of Auguste Rodin and Monet.
Madame Alfassa recounts that between nineteen and twenty she had achieved a conscious and constant union with the Divine Presence, without the help of books or teachers. Soon after, she discovered Vivekananda's "Raja Yoga", which enabled her to make further rapid progress. She says about a year or two later she met an Indian in Paris who advised her to read the Bhagavad-Gita, taking Krishna as a symbol of the inner or immanent Divine. She obtained a French translation which—she relates— was quite poor but still enabled her to understand the substance of it. Madame Alfassa recounts that in her meditations she saw several spiritual figures, all of whom offered her help of one type or another.
Around 1904 she encountered in her dreams a dark Asiatic figure whom she called ‘Krishna’. She said that this figure guided her in her inner journey. She came to have total implicit faith in Krishna, and was hoping to meet him one day in real life (Karmayogi no date). Around 1905 she met the occultist Max Théon, who explained her psychic experiences to her. She paid two extended visits (on the second one she was accompanied by or later joined by Morisset) to Théon's estate at Tlemcen, Algeria, to live with and learn occultism firsthand from Théon and his wife, Alma Theon. Madame Alfassa had a very high regard for Madame Théon, whom she describes as having exceptional psychokinetic powers. Later, when she had become known as "The Mother", she would often relate some of the extraordinary experiences she had at Tlemcen.
Mirra and Henri separated in 1908, and Mirra then moved to 49 Rue des Lévis, Paris.
Around this time Mirra had regular meetings with students and seekers who were attracted to psychical phenomena or to mysticism. In 1906 Mirra and her brother Mattéo founded in Paris a group named "l'Idée Nouvelle" ("The New Idea"). This group met at her home on Wednesday evenings, first at Rue Lemercier, then at 49 Rue des Lévis, and finally at 9 Rue du Val de Grace. Her book "Words of Long Ago" (vol.2 of the Collected Works) is an account of one of these meetings, along with talks she gave to the "L'Union de Pensée Féminine", which was a new study group she had established. In a conversation with Prithwindra Mukherjee, one of the members of this group, Alexandra David-Néel, recalled those meetings and of Madame Alfassa: 
"We spent marvellous evenings together with friends, believing in a great future. At times we went to the Bois de Boulogne gardens, and watched the grasshopper-like early aeroplanes take off. I remember her elegance, her accomplishments, her intellect endowed with mystical tendencies. In spite of her great love and sweetness, in spite even of her inherent ease of making herself forgotten after achieving some noble deed, she couldn't manage to hide very well the tremendous force she bore within herself."
In 1912 Madame Alfassa organised a group of around 20 people named "Cosmique", who had the aim of gaining self-knowledge and self-mastery. Although she had not yet met Sri Aurobindo, some of her ideas at the time paralleled his. These were later included at the start of her small book, "Conversations".
In 1910 she had what she described as an experience of a reversal of consciousness in which she realised the Divine Will at the very center of her being, and from that moment onwards was no longer motivated by personal desire, but only wanted to do the Divine Will.
On 5 May 1911 Mirra married Paul Antoine Richard (17 June 1874 - June 1967). Richard had travelled to India, seeking election to the French Senate from Pondicherry, and while there had met Sri Aurobindo in Pondicherry in mid-April 1910. Richard informed Madame Alfassa of Sri Aurobindo and Sri Aurobindo remained in "material and spiritual correspondence" with the Richards for the next four years.
In 1912 she wrote her first "Prayers and Meditations" (the original entry probably dating to the previous year). These would later be published as part of the "Collected Works" (Mother's Birth Centenary Edition vol. 1).
Meeting Sri Aurobindo.
On 7 March 1914, Madame Alfassa and Paul embarked for India aboard the steamer "Kaga Maru", reaching Pondicherry on the 29th. She later said that when she saw Sri Aurobindo for the first time, she recognised him as the person she saw in her visions of a dark Asiatic figure, whom she had earlier referred to as "Krishna". Next day she noted in her journal, “It matters not if there are hundreds of beings plunged in densest ignorance. He whom we saw yesterday is on earth; his presence is enough to prove that a day will come when darkness shall be transformed into light, when Thy reign shall be indeed established upon earth."
Years before Sri Aurobindo first met Madame Alfassa and Paul, he had given up his revolutionary activities for Indian independence from British rule, and retreated to Pondicherry (where he was safe from arrest by the British) to work on the spiritual transformation of humanity and of life on earth.
After a short period of intense sadhana, Sri Aurobindo would sometimes give evening talks. In 1913 he moved to No.41 Rue François Martin, called the Guest House, where he would receive visitors in the morning (this would have been when Madame Alfassa and Paul Richard met him), and after the group meditation (usually about 4. p.m.) he would host informal evening gatherings of his early disciples.
Madame Alfassa said that when she first met Sri Aurobindo, she found that her thoughts ceased to run, her mind became quiet, and silence began to gather momentum, until two or three days later there was only the silence and the yogic consciousness. In 1958 in the "Agenda" (vol I pp. 163–4) she told that the two experiences, the consciousness in the psychic depths of the being realised in 1910, and the stillness connection with the Divine above the head realised when first meeting Sri Aurobindo, have remained with her ever since.
On 29 March, Paul suggested that Sri Aurobindo publish a journal dealing with a synthesis of the latter's philosophical ideas. The journal was named "Arya", and it became the vehicle for most of Sri Aurobindo's writings, which would later appear in book form ("The Mother – Some dates"). The first issue of the monthly journal came out on 15 August 1914, Sri Aurobindo's birthday.
Madame Alfassa and Paul stayed at Pondicherry until February 1915, but had to return to Paris because of the First World War. They spent a year in France before traveling to Japan where they stayed for four years, first in Tokyo (1916 to 1917) and then Kyoto (1917–1920). They were also accompanied by Dorothy Hodgson, an Englishwoman who had known Madame Alfassa in France (Das p. 209) and who regarded Madame Alfassa as her guru.
During her stay, Madame Alfassa adopted the Japanese way of life, mannerisms and dress, and visited many Buddhist places of pilgrimage (Das 1978 p. 173) One Japanese friend recalled much later: "She came here to learn Japanese and to be one of us. But we had so much to learn from her and her charming and unpredictable ways" (Madame Kobayashi, in Das 1978 p. 193). In 1919 she met Rabindranath Tagore, who was staying at the same hotel. A group photograph in the Rabindra Museum collection at Santiniketan includes the two. Tagore presented Madame Alfassa with the typewriter he was using at the time; she later gave it to Prithwindra Mukherjee in the mid-50s for "writing good poems"; this still remains at the Sri Aurobindo Ashram ("ibid" p. 206). Many years later (in 1956) she also recounted meeting Tolstoy's son while in Japan.
On 24 April 1920 Madame Alfassa returned with Paul to Pondicherry from Japan, accompanied by Dorothy Hodgson. On 24 November, she moved to live near Sri Aurobindo in the Guest House at Rue François Martin. Richard did not stay long; he spent a year traveling around North India (Das 1978 p. 209; "The Mother – Some dates") as a sanyasi. (Some time later he initiated divorce proceedings, having already remarried in the meantime). Dorothy Hodgson meanwhile received the name "Datta" ("Consecrated") and was one of the earliest western devotees, even before the Ashram was established in 1926.
In 1921, when Sri Aurobindo said that they had brought the Supermind down to the Vital Plane, Madame Alfassa appeared (according to witnesses and her own accounts) to have a body like that of an eighteen- or twenty-year-old, while Sri Aurobindo was also glowing with health. But these changes were lost when they took the Supermind down to the work of transformation in the "Subconscient".
In January 1922, Madame Alfassa, already called "The Mother" and some other disciples began regular evening talks and group meditations. In September or October of that year, Sri Aurobindo and The Mother moved to no.9 Rue de la Marine, where the same informal routine of Sri Aurobindo's evening gatherings of his early disciples (and Mother's talks and meditations) continued. As the number of disciples arriving increased, Mother organised what would later become the Ashram, more from the wish of the sadhaks than her or Sri Aurobindo's own plans.
"The Mother" of the Ashram.
On 24 November 1926 (Siddhi Day) Sri Aurobindo reported himself to have had an important realisation which would open the path for bringing down the Supramental consciousness on earth.
This was also the official founding of the Sri Aurobindo Ashram. At the time there were no more than 24 disciples in the Ashram ("ibid" pp. 233–4).
In December of that year, Sri Aurobindo decided to withdraw from public view. At this point he identified Mother with the Divine Mother, and instructed his followers to do the same. He informed his disciples that henceforth Mother would take full charge of the Ashram and he would live in retirement. Mother later said that Sri Aurobindo had not consulted her prior to the declaration nor did he inform her of his intention, but that she had heard the news for the first time along with the disciples (Karmayogi no date).
Sri Aurobindo considered Mother to be an Avatar (incarnation) of the Supreme Shakti. In 1927 he wrote:
Sri Aurobindo's letters and instructions to his disciples taught the path of spiritual surrender through devotion to Mother; a form of "Bhakti Yoga".
In 1927, Sri Aurobindo and Mother moved to Rue François Martin, where they stayed for the remainder of their lives ("The Mother – Some dates").
In the early years, Mother appeared on the Ashram balcony to initiate the day with her blessings. She would also meet the heads of the various departments of the growing Ashram every morning, and then the sadhaks individually. Once again, in the evening at 5:30 pm, she conducted meditation and met sadhaks.
In 1938 Margaret Woodrow Wilson, the daughter of US President Woodrow Wilson, came to the Ashram and chose to remain there for the rest of her life.
Henry Ford had also heard of Mother and wanted to meet her. On the eve of his departure, World War II broke out and prevented his coming to India.
During the war, Sri Aurobindo and Mother declared their support of the Allies. They said that victory of the Nazis would have been a disaster for the spiritual work, and professed to have participated in world history, changing the course of World War II by working on the subtle levels (e.g. Purani 1982 p. 746, Reddy 2000, Van Vrekhem 2001).
Through letters, Mother had remained in contact with her son Andre Morisset ever since leaving for Japan. In this way she kept him apprised of the development of the Ashram and her and Sri Aurobindo's sadhana. He became increasingly interested, but was prevented from visiting by the outbreak of World War II. In 1949 he finally arrived in Pondicherry.
The first issue of the "Bulletin of Physical Education" was published in 1949. In 1951, as a tribute to Sri Aurobindo's conception of pedagogy, she founded the Sri Aurobindo International Centre of Education: for children who had come to the Ashram with their parents during World War II seeking shelter. Then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru did all he could to concretise his appreciation of Mother's efforts in this field. 
Mother was encouraged by Sri Aurobindo to wear saris and she had in her collection of about 500, offered by devotees. When she was offered 100,000 rupees for one, she called the devotees and distributed or sold them (along with her ornaments) to raise funds for the Ashram during the financially difficult years following the Master's death.
She considered flowers with spiritual significance, and gave names to about 800 different types, according to the spiritual quality they convey ("Flowers and Their Messages", "Flowers and their Spiritual Significance"). These would be presented to disciples, as a vehicle for conveying her blessings and grace.
Work of Physical Transformation.
Sri Aurobindo said that in the Mother he found surrender to the Divine down to physical body itself, the cells of the body (not merely the mind and emotions), the likes of which could not be found in any human being.
In 1950 Sri Aurobindo left His body. Mother related that, upon his death, she came to stand beside the bed on which he lay, "and – in a way altogether concrete – concrete with such a strong sensation as to make one think that it could be seen – all this supramental force which was in him passed from his body into mine".
After Sri Aurobindo's passing, Mother fully took up her promise to Sri Aurobindo to continue the physical transformation. On 29 February 1956 ("Golden Day") she announced an experience in which she had a vast cosmic golden form and broke open the golden door that separated the Universe from the Divine, allowing the Supramental force to stream down to Earth in an uninterrupted flow. She later (24 April,) announced "The manifestation of the Supramental upon earth is no more a promise but a living fact".
From 1960 till her death in 1973, Mother had a number of near-weekly meetings with one of her disciples, Satprem. There she discussed her progress in her physical transformation, world events and her effect on world events, the new workings of the supramental consciousness in the world, her earlier life's experiences including her spiritual experiences, the changes and spiritualisation in the functioning of her physical body, her visions of the new race, and many other topics. These conversations were kept and were published in French and English in the 13-volume set known as The Agenda.
In 1961 a friend of John F. Kennedy took interest in Mother and examined in depth the philosophy and yoga of Sri Aurobindo. He met Mother and asked her what were the external signs by which one could discern the attainment of the Supramental consciousness in a person. Mother explained to him the conditions that would reveal the attainment of the Supramental consciousness and told him that of the three, equality, was the most significant. The visitor arranged for Kennedy to visit Mother, but it could not take place.
In 1962, at the age of 84, she was forced by an illness to withdraw from close physical contact with disciples ("Agenda" vol.3), although she continued to give public Darshans four times a year, at which thousands of devotees gathered and received her blessings. She continued her inner work, concerning the transformation of the physical and cellular consciousness.
In her discussions, she is alleged to have had a number of formidable spiritual experiences in the 1950s through the 1970s. Her experiences are supposed to have intensified through the later 1960s and 70s.
In later years she met with other renowned individuals, including the king of Nepal. She had a significant meetings with the Dalai Lama who had recently escaped from Chinese occupation of Tibet, Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru, VV Giri, Shyama Prasad Mukherjee, Indira Gandhi etc.
Concurrent with her work on the inner transformation, she worked on the outer as well. In 1956 she established the Sri Aurobindo Ashram, Delhi Branch, together with Surendranath Jauhar and Mother's International School. In 1967 plans were made and some land acquired to found a universal city of spiritual seekers in Gujarat, which she named Ompuri. But in 1968, Mother, began Auroville as a 'more external extension' of the Sri Aurobindo Ashram (Mirapuri – Biography).
Alfassa died on 17 November 1973; three days later her body was placed in the Samadhi, the vault in the courtyard of the Ashram where Sri Aurobindo's body was placed in 1950. In the Hebrew calendar the date of her departure corresponded to the 22nd of "Mar`Heshwan", whereas "Rachel Imeinu" (litt. our Mother Rachel) originally parted from this world on the 11th.
Auroville.
In the 1960s, it was Mother's dream to create a place where humanity could seek the Divine without having to dredge for food and shelter. Mother wanted a place where "normal people" from all over the world could live together in harmony, a place where people can seek spirituality and bring it into the world. She named this place Auroville or "City of Dawn". Presently it now has a population of more than 2,300 people.
The city has several zones. The "Soul of Auroville" is the Matrimandir (literally, "Mother's temple"). It is constructed as a futuristic-looking sphere that houses in its center a Chamber, all white with a transculent globe at the centre lit by single ray of sunlight. this signifies "future realisation". In 1968, Mother formally inaugurated the new city, and the soil of 124 nations (all the independent countries in the world at that time) was placed in a lotus-shape urn at the centre of the future city.

</doc>
<doc id="19051557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051557" title="The Mother">
The Mother

The Mother may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19051558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051558" title="Coșteiu-Chizătău Canal">
Coșteiu-Chizătău Canal

The Coșteiu-Chizătău Canal is a canal starting in the Timiş River and emerging in the Tisza in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="19051579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051579" title="Dhola, Nepal">
Dhola, Nepal

Dhola, Nepal is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. It is situated high up the Himalayas in the Annapurna and Manaslu Mountain range in the mid-western Nepal at an altitude of 1210 m above the sea level. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 4,033 and had 998 houses in it. Where total population of Male and Female are 1,772 and 2,261 respectively. 

</doc>
<doc id="19051615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051615" title="Dhussa">
Dhussa

Dhussa is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6350.

</doc>
<doc id="19051621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051621" title="Tığık">
Tığık

Tığık or Tığıq or Tigik or Tygik may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19051631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051631" title="Midnight to Midnight">
Midnight to Midnight

Midnight to Midnight is the fifth studio album by the English rock band The Psychedelic Furs, released in 1987. It included the hit "Heartbreak Beat", written by Richard Butler, John Ashton and Timothy Butler, which was released as a single, the only U.S. Top 40 hit for the Psychedelic Furs.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Richard Butler, John Ashton and Tim Butler, except where stated.
"The 1986 remake of "Pretty In Pink" only appears on the original UK/Euro cassette and CD issues."

</doc>
<doc id="19051632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051632" title="CEFAM">
CEFAM

The Centre d’Études Franco-Américain de Management (commonly referred to as CEFAM) is an international business school located in Lyon, France specializing in marketing, management and finance. The private school has been established in 1986.
CEFAM is offering undergraduate and graduate degrees based on the American education system.
Accessible right after high school graduation, CEFAM' allows students to study in a bilingual environment and to experience the American culture. Lectures are taught exclusively in English by native speakers with strong education backgrounds and different business experiences.
CEFAM’s programs consist of a bachelor’s degree in three years in France and a year overseas in one of the American partner universities. CEFAM also offers an MBA with the possibility to study in France and in China and to graduate from an American university. Both the BBA and MBA programs offer a double diploma, including a French diploma certified "Niveau I"[http://www.cefam.fr/fr/cefam-university/double-diplome-france-usa] by the French government.
The school also offers a study abroad program, giving the opportunity to American students from partner universities to study in France for a semester or a year.
Programs.
Bachelor of Business Administration.
CEFAM’s undergraduate program offers an international business education right after graduating from high school. All classes are taught in English, giving the possibility to French students to become bilingual over the years. During the first three years of the Bachelor of Business Administration, students are based in Lyon. For the fourth and final year of the BBA, students are studying in one of the school partner universities where they will graduate and receive an American degree. Students also receive a French degree certified "Niveau I" by the French government. 
Students are also required to do two internships before graduating. A three-month internship by the end of the first year and a six-month internship by the end of the second year.
Master of Business Administration.
MBA.
CEFAM’s graduate program offers an international business education to its students with a multicultural exposure. During the first year in Lyon, students are offered business classes in management, finance, marketing, supply chain, ethics, brand development, etc. Students are then sent to China for Summer I for two classes: "Chinese" and "How To Do Business In China". Summer II is at AACSB accredited Rider University’s business school, where students can take up to two classes, including some that can be waived when transferring to another university for the second year of the program.
For their second year, students have the possibility to choose between five of the school’s American partners: Northeastern University, Temple University, Kean University, Rider University and Laval University. When graduating, students receive both an American and French MBA.
MBA Business Unit.
In 2013, CEFAM introduced the MBA Business Unit, a MBA program focusing on information technology consulting. During the first year, students are taught in France with a 5-month internship with CEFAM’s partner Sogeti. After a second year at AACSB accredited Rider University, graduate students are offered a guaranteed job as consultants for Sogeti.

</doc>
<doc id="19051657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051657" title="Lioré et Olivier LeO 20">
Lioré et Olivier LeO 20

The Lioré et Olivier LeO 20 was a French night-bomber aircraft built by Lioré et Olivier.
Development.
The LeO 20 was a development of the LeO 122 prototype. It won the 1926 French ministry competition for a new night-bomber, and received an order for 50 aircraft. The first were delivered at the end of 1926 and flight tested at Villacoublay in 1927. A total of 311 aircraft were delivered to the French air arm, ending in December 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="19051679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051679" title="Udullu, Hajigabul">
Udullu, Hajigabul

Udullu, Hajigabul may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19051701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051701" title="Mark Dillard">
Mark Dillard

Mark Dillard (born December 5, 1986 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana) is an American football safety who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the New England Patriots as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Louisiana Tech.
Professional career.
New England Patriots.
Dillard was signed by the Patriots as an undrafted free agent on May 1, 2008. He was waived by the team on August 30, 2008, and signed to the team's practice squad on September 1, 2008. He was waived from the practice squad on September 10, 2008, and re-signed to the team's practice squad on September 15, 2008. He was again waived from the Patriots' practice squad on September 24, 2008. He was then re-signed to the Patriots' practice squad on October 22. His contract expired after the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19051702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051702" title="Tmesipteris tannensis">
Tmesipteris tannensis

Tmesipteris tannensis is a fern ally endemic to New Zealand. It is usually epiphytic on trees and tree ferns, but is occasionally terrestrial.
An example of occurrence of "T. tannensis" within a tiered phytocoenosis is in Central Westland of South Island, New Zealand. These forests are the most extensive continuous podocarp/broadleaf forests in New Zealand. The overstory includes miro, rimu and mountain totara. The mid-story includes tree ferns such as "Cyathea smithii" and "Dicksonia squarrosa", whilst the lowest tier and epiphytic associates include "Asplenium polyodon", "Astelia solandri" and "Blechnum discolor" along with "T. tannensis".

</doc>
<doc id="19051707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051707" title="Dhuwakot">
Dhuwakot

Dhuwakot is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. In 1991 Nepal census, it had a population of 4270 with 781 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051710" title="Gajuri">
Gajuri

Gajuri is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6446 and had 1195 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051715" title="Yeniyol, Azerbaijan">
Yeniyol, Azerbaijan

Yeniyol, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19051720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051720" title="Gaunkharka, Dhading">
Gaunkharka, Dhading

Gaunkharka is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2982.

</doc>
<doc id="19051731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051731" title="2008–09 KS Dinamo Tirana season">
2008–09 KS Dinamo Tirana season

During the 2008-09 football season, Dinamo will play its 58th Kategoria Superiore season in the club's existence.
Squad.
"As of August 31, 2008."
List of 2008-09 transfers.
as of 31 August 2008
Matches.
A = Away; H = Home. Result: D = Draw; L = Lose; W = Win.
Player seasonal records.
"Competitive matches only. Numbers in brackets indicate appearances made. Updated to games played May 27, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19051739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051739" title="Gerkhu, Dhading">
Gerkhu, Dhading

Gerkhu is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7327.

</doc>
<doc id="19051742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051742" title="Bulgaria inquinans">
Bulgaria inquinans

Bulgaria inquinans is a fungus from the family Bulgariaceae. It is commonly known by the name Black Bulgar.
It grows on branches and bark of dead Oak and Hornbeam. The species can be found from October to March. It can be commonly found on felled trees stored in timber yards. Research into the colouring materials found in the fungus by H.Lockett and R.Edwards at Bradford University gave name to three purple pigments as two bulgarhodins and bulgarein.

</doc>
<doc id="19051749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051749" title="Ghussa">
Ghussa

Ghussa is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4881 and had 860 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051755" title="Goganpani, Bagmati">
Goganpani, Bagmati

Goganpani is a Village Development Committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3847 and had 686 houses in it.
Community forest.
The Majha Gaon Community Forest is located in Ward No. 3 of the Goganpani Village Development
Committee (VDC), and Dhading is about a 45-minute walk from Eklephant (near the Simle bazaar) of the
Prithvi Highway. The community forest covers 199.9 hectares.
In 1988, people who lived in a community near the Majha Gaon forest began working on their own initiatives
to protect their forest. According to a policy to hand over all accessible forest to local communities, the
Majha Gaon forest was finally handed over to Goganpani, a community of 50 households, in 1996. Currently,
there are 81 households that have use rights from this community forest. Unfortunately, as the protection
initiative was taken by the inhabitants of the Goganpani VDC, the forest was handed over to them without
following the process of user identification, and other traditional users such as the inhabitants of Bhumisthan
VDC, Eklephant were excluded. Seventeen households from Bhumisthan VDC were excluded from forest
use rights and subsequently annoyed with both the FUG and District Forest Officer (DFO). They raised
objections and demanded use rights but were ignored. The antagonism between the FUG members and the
excluded group increased daily. The FUG neither recognized the inhabitants of Bhumisthan VDC Eklephant
as users nor could they get support for forest conservation from this group. Bhumisthan inhabitants
continued to take forest products from the Majha Gaon forest. Though FUG members had patrolled the
forest, they could not control them. Moreover, the forest is in the vicinity of the highway, so illegal loggers
and smugglers also entered the forest, felled trees, and transported the timber in the evenings. The excluded
group had no incentive to support forest conservation and thus the forest was victimized by conflict.
RIMS Nepal began work on the USAID-funded Strengthened Actions for Governance in Utilization of
National Resources (SAGUN) program in Dhading in 2002, envisioning the internalization of good
governance practices in natural resource management groups. RIMS Nepal staff facilitated the Dhading FUG
in strengthening governance and advocacy. All community members near Majha Gaon had the opportunity to
participate in SAGUN. They learned the importance of conflict management for institutional, technical, and
governance capacity development. The SAGUN program coordinated/facilitated meetings several times for
this FUG. The FUG chairman, Mr. Murari, and other executive members also realized the importance of the
support from all villagers for protection and effective management of forest. Kanchha Bhandari and Prem
Bahadur Chhetri from Kaji Tole (Eklephant) also tried to reduce the antagonism. They worked to reach a
middle ground for the conservation and management of forest with common interests. The chairperson of
the neighboring Bhasmelampokhari FUG, Mr. K.B. Thapa, mediated to resolve the use rights conflict
between the inhabitants of Goganpani-3 and Bhumisthan VDC Eklephant.
In 2003, the Majha Gaon community forestry operational plan was revised. A forest technician from RIMSNepal
facilitated the revision process. This time, the plan and its revision was process orientated. Several
small group meetings were held and all users, including the previously excluded ones, actively participated in
the user identification and rule formulation process. A general assembly was organized comprising all 81
households. The inhabitants of Eklephant also got recognition as formal users of the Majha Gaon FUG. In
lieu of new membership, they agreed to pay NRs 500 as an entrance fee. In addition, the general assembly made special provision for Chyangdunge Magar and Putali B.K., who can now gather forest products free of
charge and are excused from their labor contribution as they are among the poorest members of the Majha
Gaon FUG (identified by the Participatory Well Being Ranking).
Currently, FUG members have a good relationship with each other, and work cohesively for collective action.
The illegal felling by smugglers and illegal users who entered from the highway is now under control. Users
have learned and practiced governance and equity in their group. They are now aware of their roles,
responsibilities, and rights. The group has organized public hearings and public auditing (PHPA) and has
collected misused funds and dues, for example former EC member Mr. Bishnu Subedi has committed to
refund NRs 4000, which was misused and unknown to other general members before the PHPA. The FUG
has also constructed two small bridges in Kolpu Khola and Mahesh Khola, for which they invested NRs
15000 and contributed volunteer labor worth NRs 5000.
All the members from this FUG are now happy with the activities and initiatives for community
development. Kanchha Bhandari, recalling the bitter history, remarked, “if we had not been divided, if we did
not have this conflict, we could have done much better for our community. It was a pity. Now we have
learned a valuable lesson from this.”

</doc>
<doc id="19051758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051758" title="Gumdi">
Gumdi

Gumdi is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5091 and had 898 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051759" title="Stephen Sene">
Stephen Sene

Stephen Sene (born October 9, 1983 in Columbia, South Carolina) is an American football offensive tackle for the New England Patriots of the National Football League. He was originally signed by the St. Louis Rams as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Liberty.

</doc>
<doc id="19051761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051761" title="Glen Scrivener">
Glen Scrivener

Glen Scrivener (born July 14, 1967) is a former football player in the Canadian Football League for 12 years. Scrivener played defensive tackle for five different teams from 1990-2001. His brother Colin also played in the CFL.
Glen Scrivener played for the BC Lions club that won the 82nd Grey Cup, 26–23, over the Baltimore Stallions at BC Place Stadium in Vancouver. He played for a second Grey Cup in 1997, during his second stint with the Saskatchewan Roughriders, but the team fell to Toronto, 47–23, as the Argonauts won their record 14th championship. (Toronto would later add a 15th.)
In 1998, Scrivener was the recipient of the Tom Pate Memorial Award, an honour named for a late CFL player who died at an early age, and awarded to the athlete who best represents Pate's legacy of commitment both to team and community. Scrivener, then playing for Winnipeg, became the third member of the Blue Bombers to receive the award. Among Scrivener's off-field contributions through the years has been participation in Allstars Baseball, a group of professional athletes and occasionally other celebrities who play benefit softball games for charities such as Special Olympics.
Scrivener, who is the son of late Winnipeg Blue Bombers executive Harvey Scrivener, played his college football at William Jewell College in Liberty, Missouri, U.S. Since retirement, Scrivener works in the propane business in Manitoba.
Scrivener was one of the sources the Winnipeg Free Press quoted for a November 23, 2008, article on the rigours of professional football. The piece by Randy Turner, dubbed "The Killing Field: Pro football offers fame and glory, but the price is terrible," was prompted by the death at age 46 of former Blue Bombers offensive lineman Nick Benjamin. Scrivener noted he had undergone 18 orthopedic surgeries. Said Scrivener: "There are mornings when I get out of bed (and feel pain) and I'll say, 'Yeah, I remember that. That was B.C. Place. I remember getting hit by (former Lions offensive lineman) Jamie Taras when he shortened my neck. Or you've got turf toe on one foot so you can only wear certain types of shoes now. No more cowboy boots. There's constant reminders of when you used to play. Some of them are really positive, when people come up and say, 'Hey, I used to be a season-ticket holder and sat behind the bench. I thought I recognized you.' That's a good thing. But I can't remember the last time I ran because I wanted to."

</doc>
<doc id="19051765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051765" title="Kahit Isang Saglit">
Kahit Isang Saglit

Kahit Isang Saglit (lit. "Even For Just a Moment", figuratively "A Time For Us") is a drama television series produced by ABS-CBN and Double Vision. It aired in the Philippines in primetime from Monday through Friday and will be aired soon both in Malaysia and Singapore
The show was dedicated to its first director, Gilbert Guevarra Perez, who died in 2008. In 2009, it was nominated on the Seoul International Drama Awards and recently the series garnered a nomination for the 37th International Emmy Award for Telenovelas.
Synopsis.
Rocky Santillan's (Jericho Rosales) father was a policeman who was murdered. His mother suffered from a fatal heart attack as she mourned her husband’s lifeless body on the beach. Margaret/Garie (Carmen Soo) was very happy to see her father, Ronaldo Dimaandal (Albert Martinez), again and was excited to spend time with both her mom & dad, but she awoke the next morning to find out he had gone again. Garie and her mom then went to live with a relative who didn’t too think much of her dad (Garie's Grandmother & Eunice's mother).
After 15 years, Rocky has become a PDEA Agent and has gone to Malaysia for an important assignment. While in Malaysia, he secretly leads an investigation into his father’s death, which remains unsolved though Rocky can still remember the face of the man who visited his dad before he was murdered (Garie’s dad). Meanwhile, Garie still yearns for her father. She still believes that her father left against his will and plans to go to the Philippines to look for him.
One busy day, when both of them are in a rush, they collide and fall into each other’s arms.

</doc>
<doc id="19051771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051771" title="Jeewanpur">
Jeewanpur

Jeewanpur is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7964 and had 1459 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051772" title="Christian Molbech">
Christian Molbech

Christian Molbech (8 October 1783 – 23 June 1857) was a Danish historian, literary critic, writer and editor of historical sources.
Christian Molbech was raised in Sorø and in 1802 he graduated from Sorø Academy. 1804 he was employed at Royal Danish Library and was thus never formally trained as an historian. 1829 he succeeded Knud Lyne Rahbek as professor in literature at the University of Copenhagen. He also functioned as director of the The Royal Danish Theatre 1830–1842.
1839 he participated in the founding of the Danish Historical Society and he was a founder of "Historisk Tidsskrift" which is the oldest extant scientific historical journal in the world.
Molbech also wrote various philological works f.ex. "The Danish dictionary" ("Dansk Ordbog" 1828–1833) and "Danish dictionary of dialects" ("Dansk Dialektleksikon 1833-1841).
Furthermore he wrote the "Historical Annals for enlightenment and education in the history of the North, specifically the history of Denmark" (3 volumes 1845–1851) which was meant as references for historians and was groundbreaking in the establishment of the chronology of Danish history.
As a literary critic he was infamous for his devastating reviews of the works of Hans Christian Andersen and Bernhard Severin Ingemann.

</doc>
<doc id="19051794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051794" title="Costas Now">
Costas Now

Costas Now is an American monthly sports television show hosted by Bob Costas on HBO.
History.
In 2001, Costas was hired by HBO to host a 12-week talk and interview series called "On the Record with Bob Costas". In 2005, the program was revamped to become "Costas Now", with more of a focus on sports and a year-round schedule in a 9 p.m. ET time slot. "Costas Now" was similar to another HBO sports show hosted by Bryant Gumbel called "Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel".
In February 2009, Costas left HBO to sign with MLB Network, effectively ending "Costas Now". HBO replaced it with a similar, short-lived program called "Joe Buck Live", hosted by Fox Sports broadcaster Joe Buck.

</doc>
<doc id="19051795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051795" title="On the Record with Bob Costas">
On the Record with Bob Costas

On the Record with Bob Costas is a 12-week long (per season) talk show hosted by sportscaster Bob Costas. The show ran for four seasons on HBO from 2001 to 2004 before being revamped into "Costas Now".
"On the Record with Bob Costas" was in a sense, similar to Costas' previous late night talk show, "Later", which Costas hosted on NBC from 1988 to 1994. Both programs featured one-on-one interviews with guests ranging from the sports world to the show business world.

</doc>
<doc id="19051797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051797" title="Yüzbaşılı">
Yüzbaşılı

Yüzbaşılı or Yuzbaşlı or Yuzbashly or Yuzbashyly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19051805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051805" title="Parapontoporia">
Parapontoporia

Parapontoporia is an extinct genus of dolphin that lived off the Californian coast from the Late Miocene until the genus' extinction during the Pliocene.

</doc>
<doc id="19051817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051817" title="Valenictus">
Valenictus

Valenictus is an extinct genus of Odobenidae from the Pliocene of California.
Description.
Valenictus is related to the modern-day walrus, but lacked all teeth both in the lower and upper jaw except for the two tusks.

</doc>
<doc id="19051819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051819" title="Fourth Drawer Down">
Fourth Drawer Down

Fourth Drawer Down is the second album by Scottish Post-Punk/New Wave group Associates released in 1981. It is a singles and b-sides compilation from all 6 singles they released that year on Situation Two records. The album was reissued with 5 bonus tracks in 2000 by V2 Records.
Development and Style.
Alan Rankine and Billy Mackenzie recorded 6 singles for Beggars Banquet imprint Situation 2 in 1981 at Playground Studios. These recordings would prove to be the most outworldly and avant-garde of the band's career. The angular production of "The Affectionate Punch" had been dropped in favour of vast dark electronic soundscapes. Everything from a typewriter as a back beat to coughs and sonar pings were used for musical effect. Mackenzie sung through a vacuum cleaner hose for the song "Kitchen Person" to obtain an intense compressed sound. Various drugs were consumed in the frenzied sessions which ended up in Rankine and Mackenzie's hospitalisation after accidentally snorting 5 grams of methamphetamine during the recording of the b-side "Straw Towels".
Personnel.
The Associates:
Other Personnel:

</doc>
<doc id="19051824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051824" title="Tyson DeVree">
Tyson DeVree

Tyson DeVree (born November 12, 1984) is an American football tight end who is currently under contract with the Indianapolis Colts. He was signed by the New England Patriots as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He last played college football at Colorado.
He has also been a member of the Buffalo Bills, Hartford Colonials, Cleveland Browns, and Indianapolis Colts.
College career.
DeVree attended the University of Colorado after transferring from Western Michigan following his sophomore year.
Professional career.
New England Patriots.
DeVree was signed by the Patriots as an undrafted free agent on May 5, 2008, but was waived by the team on June 11. He was re-signed on August 19 and waived again on August 30 during final cuts.
DeVree was re-signed to the team's practice squad on September 1, released on September 4, and re-signed to the practice squad on September 17. He was promoted to the Patriots' active roster on November 17 after cornerback Terrence Wheatley was placed on injured reserve.
DeVree was waived by the Patriots on August 23, 2009.
Buffalo Bills.
DeVree signed with the Buffalo Bills on September 1, 2009, but was released four days later, during final cuts.
Cleveland Browns.
DeVree was signed to the Browns practice squad on December 7, 2010. He was waived on July 28, 2011.
Indianapolis Colts.
DeVree was claimed off waivers on July 31, 2011 by the Indianapolis Colts.

</doc>
<doc id="19051837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051837" title="Colin Scrivener">
Colin Scrivener

Colin Scrivener (born January 4, 1970) was a football player in the Canadian Football League for eight years. Scrivener played defensive tackle for two different teams from 1995-2002. His brother Glen also played in the CFL. He played his college football at the University of Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="19051849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051849" title="Ansia de Amar">
Ansia de Amar

Ansia de Amar (Eng.: "Longing to Love"') is the title of a studio album released by mexican group Conjunto Primavera on April 3, 2001. This album became their second number-one hit on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart.
Finally, this is the first album without re-recordings since Amigo mesero of 1994,because the next albums until Morir de amor have re-recordings.
This album was the first of the drummer Daniel Martinez,after departure of Adán Huerta in 2000.
Tracklisting.
This tracklisting from Billboard.com.
Credits.
This information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19051857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051857" title="Jonathan Stupar">
Jonathan Stupar

Jonathan Stupar (born July 24, 1984 in State College, Pennsylvania) is an American football tight end who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the New England Patriots as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Virginia.
He has also been a member of the Buffalo Bills and Baltimore Ravens.
Professional career.
New England Patriots.
Stupar signed with the New England Patriots as an undrafted free agent in 2008.
Buffalo Bills.
After being cut by the New England Patriots, he signed with the Buffalo Bills. He did not play in 2008, received limited playing time with the Bills as a backup the next two seasons.
Baltimore Ravens.
Stupar signed with the Baltimore Ravens before training camp began in 2011, but he was waived on August 27.
Personal.
Stupar is the nephew of former NFL quarterback Jeff Hostetler, and the brother of current Jacksonville Jaguars linebacker Nathan Stupar. His father was also a lineman at Penn State from 1976-79. [http://gopsusports.cstv.com/sports/m-footbl/mtt/stupar_nathan00.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19051865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051865" title="Jharlang">
Jharlang

Jharlang is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3891 and had 653 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051876" title="Jogimara">
Jogimara

Jogimara is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5080 and had 927 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051884" title="Jyamaruk">
Jyamaruk

Jyamaruk is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6888 and had 1285 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051897" title="Kalleri">
Kalleri

Kalleri is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7848 and had 1433 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051907" title="Jashia Luna">
Jashia Luna

Jashia Judith Luña Alfaro (born December 28, 1978 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a female diver from Mexico. She represented her native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics starting in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19051911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051911" title="Katunge">
Katunge

Katunge is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6446 and had 1162 houses in it.
The village is accessible from Dhading by dirt road (closed during monsoon season) and it takes around 2–3 hours to get to the village. In the monsoon season the road is closed and it is a 5–6 hour trek to the village.
There are at least 2–3 schools in the village. There is also an education initiative called Future Village (a 2-storey cottage) for education of students.

</doc>
<doc id="19051914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051914" title="Kebalpur">
Kebalpur

Kebalpur is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4674 and had 907 houses in it.
Media.
To Promote local culture Kebalpur has one FM radio station Krishi Radio - 105 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19051915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051915" title="Lucien-Hubert Borne">
Lucien-Hubert Borne

Lucien-Hubert Borne (20 August 1884 – 23 December 1954) was a Canadian politician, serving as mayor of Quebec City from 1938 to 1953.
In 1936, Borne made an unsuccessful attempt to become a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec. Also in 1936, he made an unsuccessful first bid for the office of Quebec City's Mayor. Two years later, he defeated incumbent mayor Joseph-Ernest Grégoire and began a 15-year mayoralty career, through city elections in 1940, 1942, 1944, 1947 and 1950. He succeeded in attracting significant industrial development during his term in office, including the development of eight new industrial parks. Borne also promoted the replacement of streetcars with buses in Quebec city's transit system.
Borne resigned as mayor in November 1953 due to a heart condition and died the following year. He was survived by two daughters and two sons; his wife predeceased him.
Named after him in Québec are : rue Borne (named in 1955), centre Lucien-Borne and parc Lucien-Borne (named in 1991).

</doc>
<doc id="19051925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051925" title="Khalte">
Khalte

Khalte is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5750 and had 1087 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051931" title="Khari">
Khari

Khari is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3910 and had 748 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051943" title="Kiranchok">
Kiranchok

Kiranchok is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5375 and had 975 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051949" title="Kumpur">
Kumpur

Kumpur is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7916 and had 1405 houses in it.
Kumpur is in Dhading district Nepal. It is located between Kathmandu and Pokhara.
Get in
Access: You can easily reach to Kumpur, It is 80 kilometers far from capital city Kathmandu - between Kathmandu and Pokhara, it takes 4 hour by local buses to Bungchung Village, if you take private vehicle (Car/Jeep) drive you on 2 and half hours then hike up to Kumpur around 3 hours. Buses leaves from Nearby central bus station Kathmandu.
It is 80 kilometers far from kathmandu, it takes 4 hour by local buses. And walk up to village around 3 hour. people lives different types of cast like Ghale, Braman, Newar, Sarki, Kami, Damai, Magar, Praja etc., They all have own different traditional life style . The peoples most are farmers and some caste have own culture profession. Kumpur village known as unique village home stay spot in Nepal, visitors enable to enjoy Kumpur nature and have a rural life experience since Kumpur home stays are located away from the rush of city life and busy traffic.
Peoples will experience Nepalese daily life with host family. It will be a memorable language and culture exchange. You will stay in village home with the host family. The village layout with hillside areas, so it's nice and warm even throughout the winter, but still you have excellent views on the Annapurna range, Ganesh Himal, Langtang, Manaslu, Mardi Himal, Gauri sankar and lots of water falls with panoramic views and natural beauty which surrounds Kumpur.
Kumpur village Home Stay allows visitors to experience the traditional way of living, immersing them through an exchange of culture. By way of interaction with the locals, the visitors will be able to better understand how local people lead their daily life, engaging in agricultural activities which they do as a living. At the same time, the home stay also allows the locals to know more about the various cultures of the visitors. An additional income is earned by the locals when they house visitors in their homes. Home stay is a lifetime experience that will prove to be memorable and beneficial to both the locals and the visitors.
Visitors can also take part in agricultural activities like kitchen gardening and feeding cattle. They can also go on village walks and jungle hikes. They get to enjoy sumptuous meals prepared by the locals and they can also learn about the local folk tales.
Eat
You will eat home-cooked traditional Nepalese food like Daal Bhat (pulses and rice), tarkari (vegetable) and aachar, (pickles) are eaten in many parts of the country twice a day. Both gundruk (a leafy vegetable) and dhindo (a type of wheat or corn flour served with vegetables and meat) are very popular in Nepalese households. They are part of a sugar-free cuisine, and provide many nutrition essentials. Most of the foreigners also prefer this food.
Drink
Water: Local peoples used to drink direct tap water but travelers is not recommended, ask to your host family to provide boiled water, do not forget to bring your water bottle with you. If you collect your water from taps and hose pipes situated along the routes, you will not have to pay. The water runs directly down the hills and therefore is easy to obtain. This water will need to be boiled or purified
Alcohol: Raksi is a clear liquid, similar to tequila in alcohol content. It is usually brewed "in house", resulting in a variation in its taste and strength. This is by far the least expensive drink in the country. It is often served on special occasions in small, unbaked clay cups that hold less than a shot. It works great as a mixer in juice or soda. Note that it may appear on menus as "Nepali wine".
Jaand (Nepali) or chyaang (Tibetan) is a cloudy, moderately alcoholic drink sometimes called Nepali beer". While weaker than raksi, it will still have quite an effect. This is often offered to guests in Nepali homes, and is diluted with water. For your safety, be sure to ask your guests if the water has been sanitized before drinking this beverage.
Sleep
Most visitors sleep in a local house. If you are traveling with a guide, he will take care of everything. He will guide you to your home stay. If you are traveling on your own, it will be easy to find a place to sleep. When you get to Kumpur village, ask a local for a lodging but the local peoples can not speak English so i would highly recommend to hire guide. Remember that you need a permit to sleep in a private house.
Local houses are made of wood. They are very simple. Beds are not very comfortable, and rooms can be very noisy. But sleeping with locals in such a remote place is an experience I do recommend. Bring insect repellent and ear plugs.

</doc>
<doc id="19051962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051962" title="Lapa, Nepal">
Lapa, Nepal

Lapa, Nepal is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3809 and had 757 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19051983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051983" title="Virgin Radio">
Virgin Radio

Virgin Radio is a brand owned by the Virgin Group used by a number of different radio stations worldwide under licence from Virgin. Despite the name, Virgin Radio stations in each country are usually owned independently of the Virgin Group, and independent of each other.
The stations generally carry independent programming, but have access to some shared programming, usually linked to other Virgin entities such as the V Festival. Virgin Radio stations are normally classified as rock music or contemporary hit radio stations.
Stations.
Other Virgin-licensed stations.
Virgin Mobile licensees in the USA and Australia offer 24-hour online music stations. While not connected to Virgin Radio (or each other), they carry the Virgin brand and target the youth market. Virgin Mobile Liveis operated by Digital Brand Connections, based in Wilton, Connecticut. Radio Free by Virgin Mobile is produced by DMG Radio[http://www.theaustralian.com.au/business/media/dmg-puts-up-radio-free-for-virgin-mobile/story-e6frg996-1225949110651 in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19051989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19051989" title="Mahadevsthan, Dhading">
Mahadevsthan, Dhading

Mahadevsthan is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5450 and had 994 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19052014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052014" title="My Apocalypse">
My Apocalypse

"My Apocalypse" is the forty-first single by American heavy metal band Metallica, and the second from their ninth studio album, "Death Magnetic". On August 26, 2008, it was made available for streaming on the band's official website, as well as a download (For Platinum Members Only) from the "Death Magnetic" website Mission: Metallica. This was followed by its availability for purchase as a digital single in the iTunes Store. At the 2009 Grammy Awards, the single won a Grammy in the "Best Metal Performance" category. The name of the album is derived from lyrics in the song.
Recently a new introduction to the song was added, Lars Ulrich said "We've been enjoying playing My Apocalypse out here on the road but felt like it could use something extra. We decided that it needed a cool intro to set the mood so James wrote one."

</doc>
<doc id="19052042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052042" title="CSS Alabama's New England Expeditionary Raid">
CSS Alabama's New England Expeditionary Raid

The CSS "Alabama's" New England Expeditionary Raid commenced shortly after the CSS Alabama left the Azores and cruised west toward the northeastern seaboard of Newfoundland and New England along the North American coastline. The primary area of operation during this expeditionary raid, was the eastern seaboard of the United States ranging as far down as Virginia and Bermuda.
Raid overview.
The CSS "Alabama" worked its way down the east coast during the month of October capturing three ships, and burning ten others, and encountering a hurricane along the way. Finally, departing station off the New England coast, she set sail for Martinique to rendezvous with her supply vessel, the CSS "Agrippina", burning two more ships on the way.
From this raiding area off the coast of New England, the CSS "Alabama" made her way into the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico to continue her unhindered wrecking of enemy commerce along the North American coastline.

</doc>
<doc id="19052046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052046" title="Richard Bensel">
Richard Bensel

Richard Franklin Bensel (born 1949) is a professor of American politics at Cornell University. Beginning with "Sectionalism and American Political Development", Bensel has attempted to bridge the gap between American economic and political history, with an eye toward comparative implications. Bensel is best known as a scholar of political economy. His most recent work, "Passions and Preferences: William Jennings Bryan and the 1896 Democratic National Convention" (Cambridge University Press, 2008), attempts to bring American political development into a conversation with rational choice theory.
American political development.
Along with Stephen Skowronek, Theda Skocpol and others, Bensel is among the founders of the academic study of American political development, a sub-specialty within the discipline of political science. Beginning during the 1970s and 80s as an attempt to "bring the state back in" to the study of American Politics, APD soon emerged as a competitor to the prevailing rational choice and survey research modes of studying American politics. In an important 2003 exchange published in Studies in American Political Development, John Gerring, Stephen Skowronek, Rogers Smith, and Bensel offered their thoughts on the state of APD as a subfield. Bensel controversially defined APD as "an insurgency." Its goal, he argued, "should be to destroy disciplinary boundaries, to sabotage reifying conventions, to identify and support intellectual revellions wherever they appear, and to do our best to make sense of whatever space we may have cleared and claimed for ourselves."

</doc>
<doc id="19052055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052055" title="Knud Lyne Rahbek">
Knud Lyne Rahbek

Knud Lyne Rahbek (18 December 1760 – 22 April 1830) was a Danish literary historian, critic, writer, poet & magazine editor.
Knud Lyne Rahbek was the son of clergyman Jacob Rahbek. He had always wanted to become an actor. In his youth he tried out as an actor at the Royal Danish Theatre, but because of his appearance he was not selected.
Instead he turned to the role of a writer. He started out as a playwright, writing a series of semi-successful plays most notably the play "The young Darcy" ("Den unge Darcy" 1780) was a success. But the work that ensured his breakthrough was the work on the theory of acting "Letters from an old actor to his son" ("Breve fra en gammel Skuespiller til hans søn" 1782) which especially asserts Denis Diderot's love of a mixture of moralizing and naturalism in plays.
Rahbek quickly became one of the most prominent speakers on cultural matters, and with his work as publisher and editor the journals "Minerva" and "The Danish Spectator" ("Den danske Tilskuer") he was one of the main voices of the Danish moderate Enlightenment.
Together with librarian and scholar Rasmus Nyerup he founded the Danish study of literary history with the work "Contributions to a review of the art of poetry in Denmark" ("Bidrag til en oversigt over den danske Digtekonst" (in 5 volumes 1800-1828).
As a prominent member of the most distinguished of the Danish clubs, most notably "Drejers Club", he wrote a number of drinking songs. He also was one of the only Danish writers of novels and short stories at the turn of 19th century.
Together with his wife Kamma Rahbek he held his own "court" at his home in the 17th century inn turned private property called "Bakkehuset" in Frederiksberg a suburb of Copenhagen. Almost all of the Danish writers and prominent persons visited Bakkehuset on a regular basis. Adam Gottlob Oehlenschläger, Hans Christian Andersen, Bernhard Severin Ingemann, Steen Steensen Blicher all were personal friends of the Rahbeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19052069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052069" title="Songs in My Pockets">
Songs in My Pockets

"Songs in My Pocket" is a song written and performed by Bethany Joy Galeotti. This song was originally released on Galeotti's second studio album "Come On Home" in 2005 and was to be re-released on her debut album "The Starter Kit" (2006). 
Bethany Joy Galeotti and costar Tyler Hilton joined The Wreckers (Michelle Branch and Jessica Harp) for a 25-city North American "One Tree Hill" tour that started February 28 in Vancouver. The jaunt also featured Gavin DeGraw on select dates. " 
While on tour, Galeotti performed some of her original songs from her second independent record including the song "Songs in My Pockets". This song in particular was a prominent feature in Galeotti's opening performances on the One Tree Hill tour and because of its popularity among fans and strong meaning to Galeotti it was to be re-released on her debut album. Consequently a video was made for this track. 
Debut album.
In the Winter/Spring 2006 issue of TeenProm Galeotti stated that her "Come On Home" track, "Songs in My Pocket" was to be re-released on her debut album. 
Home is so important to this talented actress/singer that it's the theme of her tune "Songs in My Pocket", which will be featured on her Epic Records debut CD. "I think it's probably going to be the first track on the album and it's about finding home. That's been a huge theme in my life for the past couple of years, so every time I hear that song, it'll always kind of be like, 'Aw, that's my baby." 
The video.
The video was produced by Gary Gimelfarb and directed by Alex Merkin. During her time off tour, Galeotti filmed the video at Coney Island Beach and Astroland in Brooklyn, New York. 
"I still liked the idea of doing a very homemade feeling video where Joy could be Joy. Something that was real, like her music, and not overly glossy or lacking the human element and soul that you see missing in many music videos today. Joy's music is heartfelt and I wanted the video to mirror that. Also she has the kind of spirit and glow that you don't need hundreds of thousands of dollars to manufacture, nor could you manufacture for any amount of money. I loved the idea of stripping away all the elements and having Joy just do her thing." - Alex Merkin on the making of Galeotti's video
Numerous shots included in the video were intended to be reminiscent of someone with a camera taking pictures of themselves at a beautiful locatiomn-the kind of Polaroid or snapshot picture people take when they travel. This filming technique helped add to the nostalgic quality-a prevalent theme in Galeotti's music. 
Epic Records does not own the video despite the fact that this song was to be re-released on Bethany Joy Galeotti's debut album. The video was shot before she officially signed with them. When Merkin dealt with Epic Records, in terms of contract negotiations (for video footage and additional filming) he made sure not to sign over the rights to the video. 

</doc>
<doc id="19052074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052074" title="Maidi">
Maidi

Maidi is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8496 and had 1627 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19052079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052079" title="Marpak">
Marpak

Marpak is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3987 and had 718 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19052084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052084" title="Mulpani, Dhading">
Mulpani, Dhading

Mulpani is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3344 and had 643 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19052098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052098" title="Murali Bhanjyang">
Murali Bhanjyang

Murali Bhanjyang is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census it had a population of 7463 and had 1358 houses in it.
Religious and Tourism Place
Jwalamukhi (Murali Bhajyang)

</doc>
<doc id="19052108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052108" title="Koyamada clan">
Koyamada clan

The Koyamada Clan was headquartered in the Satsuma Domain, which was one of the most powerful feudal domains in Tokugawa Japan, and played a major role in the Meiji Restoration and in the government of the Meiji period which followed.
The direct descendant is Shin Koyamada, who was born and raised in Japan and resides in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19052117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052117" title="Hang in Long Enough">
Hang in Long Enough

"Hang in Long Enough" is a single performed by Phil Collins and released in 1990 from the album "...But Seriously". It was the last single from the album. The song reached the #23 spot on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 and #34 on the UK Singles Chart.
Music video.
This rhythmic song was accompanied by a video whose story is set in the year 1912, it makes reference to the Titanic's disaster due the fact that all people appearing on it is inside of the cruise. It used stock footage from the movie "A Night to Remember" about the ship's sinking to link it with the song's storyline.
However, the ship is mentioned as the S. S. Udio (a humorous reference to the song "Sussudio") by the host at the start. Then, the Phenix Horns start playing the initial chords and Collins appears on stage to perform the whole song while the audience becomes shocked by the set design and the musicians' costumes. (Throughout the video Collins and the musicians (and the stage they are on) are shown in bright, vivid colour film, while everything else is in black and white - even in the same frame.)
At the second verse of "Hang in Long Enough" the S. S. Udio starts sinking after hitting the iceberg and at the final chords, the band and the audience try to escape to the boats while Collins stays at the stage to end the song.
The ship sinks into the gelid ocean, but Collins and his band escape safe and sane going aboard their boat. He demands that "we were playing too loud", then the band annoys with him and sinks his head into the water as they watch the S. S. Udio vanishing.
The 12" single of the song includes a club remix by Shep Pettibone.

</doc>
<doc id="19052119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052119" title="Ryan Wendell">
Ryan Wendell

Ryan Robert Wendell (born March 4, 1986) is an American football center for the New England Patriots of the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the Patriots as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Fresno State.
Early years.
Wendell was born in Diamond Bar, California. He attended Diamond Bar High School where he played football as both an offensive and defensive lineman. He had his jersey number retired and is a member of the school's hall of fame.
College career.
After graduating from high school, Wendell attended Fresno State University, where he played in nine games as a true freshman in 2004. He started all 13 games of his sophomore season and all 12 games of his junior season (at both guard and center), earning All-WAC honors.
Professional career.
New England Patriots.
Wendell was signed by the Patriots as an undrafted free agent on May 1, 2008. He was waived by the team on August 26, 2008, and signed to the Patriots' practice squad on September 24, 2008. He spent the remainder of the season on the practice squad and was re-signed to a future contract following the season.
The Patriots waived Wendell on September 22, 2009. He was re-signed to the team's practice squad two days later. In mid-season, the Patriots raised Wendell's salary in mid-season from the practice squad minimum (about $150,000) to that of a first-year active roster player ($310,000). Wendell was promoted to the active roster on December 31, 2009.
Wendell played in 15 games for the Patriots in 2010. He started the final two games of the season in place of an injured Dan Connolly.
During training camp before the 2012 season, Wendell was part of a competition for the starting center job in New England. He beat out longtime Patriot Dan Koppen for the job. In 2012, counting special teams, he played a total of 1,379 snaps, the most of any NFL player. As a result, he earned a bonus of $179,907 from the Patriots in March 2013 as a result of the NFL's "performance-based pay" system, which rewards players with high playing time and low salaries (his 2012 base salary was $750,000).

</doc>
<doc id="19052125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052125" title="Nalang">
Nalang

Nalang is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7054 and had 1350 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19052134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052134" title="Naubise">
Naubise

Naubise is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 14553 and had 3184 houses in it.
To Promote local culture Naubise has one FM radio station Radio Rajmarga - 92.1 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19052136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052136" title="Nilkantha, Nepal">
Nilkantha, Nepal

Nilkantha, Nepal is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1975 and had 9667 houses in it.
Media.
To Promote local culture Nilkantha has three Community radio Station. They are Radio Dhading - 106 MHz, Radio Bihani - 97.6 MHz and another is Radio Loktantra - 89.4 MHZ. 

</doc>
<doc id="19052141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052141" title="Phulkharka">
Phulkharka

Phulkharka is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. It is one of the 50 VDC of Dhading district. This VDC lies in northern part of district. In 2011, it had a population of around 8,000 with 1,300 households. Tamang, Gurung, Chhetri, Brahmin, Magar, Damai, Kami, Sarki, Newar caste etc. live in this village. It has famous Ganga Jamuna falls, which lies in its ward no.4 Dhandakharka. This village is good source of water which are currently used for drinking, irrigation and hydroelectricity. So far it has only one higher secondary school named Mandali Higher Secondary School. More than 75% people are literate in this village. This VDC is stronghold of CPN UML in northern Dhading where this party won all previous local elections.
References.
http://www.mandaliexstudentclub.org.np/

</doc>
<doc id="19052146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052146" title="Anwen Keeling">
Anwen Keeling

Anwen Keeling (born in 1976) is an Australian portrait painter. Working primarily with oil paints, her artworks have often focused on introspective women in private settings. She has "always been influenced by Caravaggio." Her artworks prominently contain areas of deep shadows.
Training.
Keeling was born in Sydney and received a Bachelor of Arts (Visual) with Honours (First Class) and University Medal, from the Canberra School of Art at the Australian National University. She received a Masters of art (European Fine Art) from the Winchester School of Art at Southampton University in Barcelona, Spain.
Exhibitions.
Her artworks have been exhibited in Spain, Japan, Australia, and England. Her artworks are currently exhibited and represented at the Liverpool Street Gallery and the Schubert Contemporary Galleries in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19052148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052148" title="Pida">
Pida

Pida is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7977 and had 1417 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19052153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052153" title="Ree Gaun">
Ree Gaun

Ree Gaun is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5218 and had 875 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19052155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052155" title="Más de Mi Alma">
Más de Mi Alma

Más de Mi Alma (Eng.: "More of My Soul"') is the fourth studio album released by Marco Antonio Solís on May 29, 2001. This album became his second number-one hit on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart and received a nomination for Best Pop Vocal Album at the Latin Grammy Awards of 2002. "Cuando Te Acuerdes de Mi" was featured in the novela "Salomé". The album received a 2002 Premio Lo Nuestro Award nomination for Pop Album of the Year.
Credits.
This information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19052159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052159" title="Salang, Nepal">
Salang, Nepal

Salang, Nepal is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4751 and had 832 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19052177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052177" title="Salyankot">
Salyankot

Salyankot is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4951 and had 945 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19052183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052183" title="Salyantar">
Salyantar

Salyantar is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.It is the biggest as well as longest tar of Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6196 and had 1110 houses in it.The major casts living in salyantar are kumal and darai. millet and pulse are the major products of salyantar. there is a Health Facility in salyantar called as Salyantar Primary Health Care Centre. salyantar is surrounded by four rivers viz. Budhigandaki in West, Netrawoti(aankhu khola) in South, Hyapinge in East and Kaste in North but it is table like place. 

</doc>
<doc id="19052186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052186" title="Albert Houtum-Schindler">
Albert Houtum-Schindler

General Sir Albert Houtum-Schindler, KCIE (born 24 September 1846, the Netherlands or Germany; died 15 June 1916, Fenstanton, England) was a scholar of Persia and an employee of the Persian government.
Career.
Educated in engineering at Leipzig University, Houtum-Schindler was recruited to Persia in 1868 by the Indo-European Telegraph Department. Eight years later he became an inspector-general of the Persian telegraph service, and acquired the honorary rank of general in the Persian army. In 1882 he became the managing director of Khorasan's turquoise mines, and in 1889 became the inspector of branches for the Imperial Bank, as well as inspector-general of mines for the Persian Bank Mining Rights Corporation. However, he was dismissed in 1894 after this failed, which was deemed due to his management. By 1896 Houtum-Schindler had become Director of the Foreign Office Control Department and acted as adviser to the Persian Government on numerous topics. From 1902 to 1911 he held the post of honorary consul-general for Sweden.
He retired to England in 1911, suffering increasingly from gout, and died in 1916.
Research and writing.
During his work at the telegraph and mining operations, Houtum-Schindler travelled much of the country for long periods, during which he accumulated extensive amounts of geographical, archaeological, historical, linguistic, ethnographic, biological and financial data, and produced maps of various regions. The specialist library that he accumulated caused him to be frequently consulted for advice by European companies, foreign legations, and travellers; and he published over fifty articles in leading journals of the time, as well as writing articles for handbooks and reference works, including numerous articles for the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica.
Anecdotes.
In 1879, Houtum-Schindler was ordered by the Persian government to curtail his excursions in Kerman province "because his horses and mules ate up all the stock" of grain in the province, which mostly imported its grain.

</doc>
<doc id="19052189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052189" title="Sangkosh">
Sangkosh

Sangkosh is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4391 and had 847 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19052197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052197" title="Satyadevi">
Satyadevi

Satyadevi is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3389 and had 655 houses in it.
Geography.
It is a beautiful village that shares a border with the Nuwakot district. This village contains a lot of green forests and hills. One of the hill stations of this village is called "Thalgang" which means "dish" in the local language. This dish-shaped village around 37,000 is the inhabitant with a diversity of races. The Bachchhala is the main area of this village having a high school, health post, post office and a small market.
Demography.
Ethnic groups like Tamang, Magar, Gurung, Brahmin, Kami, and Damai reside here with their own language and culture. The Village Development Committee gains its name from one of the temples of the goddess Satyadevi. There is a primary school near the Satyadevi temple called Satyadevi primary school.

</doc>
<doc id="19052207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052207" title="United Nations (United Nations album)">
United Nations (United Nations album)

United Nations is the self-titled debut from supergroup United Nations. The band features members from numerous prolific bands, including Daryl Palumbo of Glassjaw and Head Automatica, and Geoff Rickly of Thursday. Due to the contractual obligations of other members, the official lineup of the band is not known.
The album received a limited edition CD release that was only available through the Eyeball Records webstore. Only 1,000 copies were sold. The album will not be released in stores because of copyright issues with the cover image, which is essentially the same image used for The Beatles' "Abbey Road", but with The Beatles engulfed in flames.
The album was also released on vinyl. Pressing was limited to 1,000 copies on red vinyl.
The hidden track is 12:59 of silence, followed by the sound of a cash register. Also, the song "Subliminal Testing" can be played backwards to reveal other lyrics that simply tell the listener to turn the song back around.

</doc>
<doc id="19052234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052234" title="Rob Stewart (filmmaker)">
Rob Stewart (filmmaker)

Rob Stewart (born December 28, 1979) is a Canadian photographer and movie director/filmmaker. He is best known for making and directing the multi-award-winning movie "Sharkwater" along with the recent 2013 release of Revolution. 
Biography.
Stewart was born in 1979, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, where he was raised. He began doing underwater photography as a teenager, and became a scuba-diving trainer when he was eighteen years old. He attended the prestigious School in Toronto, Ontario, Canada as a youth.
For four years, Stewart worked as chief photographer for the Canadian Wildlife Federation's magazines, and also worked as a freelance journalist. He won awards for his journalism. 
Stewart holds a Bachelor's degree in biology from The University of Western Ontario.
"Sharkwater".
Rob Stewart got the idea to make the movie "Sharkwater" at age twenty-two, when he found out there was illegal long-lining in the marine reserve, while he was photographing sharks in the Galapagos Islands, and the public did not respond when he tried to put out a message that lining was killing the sharks and many other species were going extinct. He travelled through fifteen countries for the next four years, studying and filming sharks for the film. Stewart often posts shark conservation notes and information on his Facebook page. His follow-up movie, "Revolution", builds on "Sharkwater".
Positions held.
Stewart has also appeared on "Loose Women" in one episode in 2008, "Sidewalks Entertainment" in the 2007 episode "Sterling and Sharkwater", "The Smart Woman Survival Guide" in the 2006 episode "Earth Day", and in "The Best Years" in the 2009 episode "Delirious".
Awards and nominations.
Stewart has been nominated for eight film festival awards for "Sharkwater", from the Hawaii International Film Festival, the Gen Art Film Festival, the Ft. Lauderdale Film Festival, and the Atlantic Film Festival. In 2006, he won the Special Jury Award for Documentaries, the Spirit of the Independent award, the People's Choice award for Best film, the Jury award for Best Documentary, and the Audience Award for Best film. The following year, he won the Audience and Best Feature awards at the Gen Art Film festival. In 2008, he received a Genie Award nomination for Best Documentary. He also received a Genesis Award for Outstanding Documentary, and an Environmental Vision award at the 35th annual Vision awards; held in Los Angeles, in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19052236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052236" title="No Rules (Rebecca Lynn Howard album)">
No Rules (Rebecca Lynn Howard album)

No Rules is the title of the third studio album released by American country music artist Rebecca Lynn Howard. It is her first full studio album in six years, as she recorded two unreleased albums in the interim: one in 2003 for MCA Nashville, and another in 2005 for Arista Nashville. She also released a non-charting single in 2006 for Show Dog Nashville, a label owned by Toby Keith. This album produced a non-charting single in "Sing 'Cause I Love To", and the album itself reached #69 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19052299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052299" title="Walther Amelung">
Walther Amelung

Walther Oskar Ernst Amelung (15 October 1865 – 12 September 1927) was a German classical archaeologist who was a native of Stettin. Amelung specialized in investigations of ancient Greek and Roman sculpture.
Starting in 1884 he studied at the University of Tübingen under Erwin Rohde (1845-98), and afterwards in Leipzig with Johannes Overbeck (1825-1895) and at Munich under Heinrich Brunn (1822-1894). From 1891 to 1893 he performed research of ancient sculpture during journeys throughout the Mediterranean region.
In 1895 he began work with the German Archaeological Institute (DAI) in Rome, where one his duties was to catalog the sculpture collection of the Vatican.
During World War I, Amelung was tasked with restoration of plaster casts of classical sculptures in the museum at the University of Berlin, and after the war was in charge of reconstruction of the DAI's library in Rome. With art dealer Paul Arndt (1865-1937), he was co-editor of "Photographische Einzelaufnahmen antiker Skulpturen", which was a survey of Greek and Roman sculpture. He died on 12 September 1927 in Bad Nauheim.

</doc>
<doc id="19052308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052308" title="Brett Mitchell">
Brett Mitchell

Brett Mitchell (born July 2, 1979) is an American conductor who is Assistant Conductor of the Cleveland Orchestra, Music Director of the Cleveland Orchestra Youth Orchestra, and Music Director of the Saginaw Bay Symphony Orchestra. He was Assistant Conductor of the Orchestre National de France from 2006 to 2009, Assistant Conductor of the Houston Symphony from 2007 to 2011, and Music Director of the Moores Opera Center in Houston from 2012 to 2013.
Biography.
Born in Seattle, Washington, Mitchell began piano studies at age 6, and studied piano, percussion, and saxophone throughout elementary, middle, and high school. He gave his first public performances as a conductor while at Lynnwood High School in 1995 at the age of 16, leading both orchestra and wind ensemble concerts, and served as music director for his first musical in the spring of 1996 while still a high-school junior.
Mitchell began undergraduate work on a degree in music composition at Western Washington University in the fall of 1997. During his four years there, he studied composition and conducting with Roger Briggs and piano with Margaret Brink and Jeffrey Gilliam. As a conductor, he organized many student performances, conducted the school's orchestra, collaborated with faculty in concerto performances, and served as music director for multiple summer stock and other music theater productions. As a composer, Mitchell wrote both concert works and scores for local television and student films. He won numerous piano scholarships, and was named Presser Scholar and Outstanding Graduating Senior in 2000 and 2001, respectively.
Upon completion of his Bachelor of Music in June 2001, he moved to Austin, Texas, to study orchestral conducting with Kevin Noe at the University of Texas at Austin. For the next four years, he would serve as Music Director of the University Orchestra and sometime cover conductor for the Austin Symphony. Mitchell graduated from the University of Texas with a Master of Music in 2003 and a Doctor of Musical Arts in 2005. His work with Noe led to his employment with the Pittsburgh New Music Ensemble from 2002 to 2006 as their Associate Conductor, where his responsibilities included leading subscription programs, many world and U.S. premieres, numerous multi-media productions, and several recording projects.
In addition to his graduate work, Mitchell also studied with conductors outside the university, most notably Kurt Masur, with whom he began studies in 2004. In early 2008, Masur chose Mitchell to receive the inaugural Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy Scholarship, entailing intensive, one-on-one study with Masur, and assisting him with concerts in Europe and America. Mitchell was also invited to conduct the National Symphony Orchestra and to study with Leonard Slatkin as part of the 2005 National Conducting Institute, and was invited by Slatkin to work with the NSO again in 2006. He has also studied with Lorin Maazel, David Robertson, Gerard Schwarz, Gunther Schuller, Marin Alsop, Jorma Panula, and Larry Rachleff. Mitchell was the youngest of ten semifinalists from a pool of over 500 applicants in the Third International Conductors’ Competition Sir Georg Solti in 2006, and was selected as a finalist for the Conductors Guild’s 2007 Thelma A. Robinson Award.
After completing his training, Mitchell took a position as Director of Orchestras and Music Director of the opera program at Northern Illinois University from 2005 to 2007. He led the Philharmonic in six concerts each year, and led his first two opera productions during his tenure: Igor Stravinsky’s "The Rake’s Progress" and Mark Adamo’s "Little Women". The Philharmonic was also invited to perform at the Illinois Music Educators Association's All-State Conference for the first time in over a decade in January 2007. His tenure there also saw the Philharmonic's first performance of a Gustav Mahler symphony in a dozen years (Symphony No. 1 in April 2006) and their return to the recording studio, recording Sergei Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2 in May 2007. Mitchell ended his time at NIU with a week-long festival devoted to the music of Kevin Puts.
While teaching at NIU, Mitchell was invited by his mentor Kurt Masur to audition to become Assistant Conductor of the Orchestre National de France. In February 2006, Mitchell successfully auditioned and was named to the post. During his tenure, he conducted the orchestra and assisted Masur and guest conductors such as Seiji Ozawa and Daniele Gatti at the Théâtre des Champs-Élysées and on tour. He left the orchestra in May 2009 after three and a half years in the position. 
In February 2007, Mitchell was appointed American Conducting Fellow of the Houston Symphony by Hans Graf. In that role, he led the orchestra in several dozen concerts—including on all subscription series—in Jones Hall and throughout the greater Houston area each season. His title was augmented to Assistant Conductor/American Conducting Fellow in June 2008; prior to his final season with the orchestra (2010–11), his title was modified again to Assistant Conductor, reflecting the end of his fellowship with the League of American Orchestras. During his four-year tenure with the Houston Symphony (which ended in May 2011), he led the orchestra in over one hundred performances, several of which were broadcast nationwide on SymphonyCast and Performance Today. Mitchell will return to the Houston Symphony as a guest conductor for five performances during the 2011-12 season (October 2011, December 2011, and April 2012).
In May 2010, after a two-year search including more than 150 candidates from around the world, Mitchell was appointed the ninth Music Director of Michigan's Saginaw Bay Symphony Orchestra. Having taken the helm in September 2010 (the beginning of orchestra's 75th-anniversary season), Mitchell leads the orchestra in its complete series of classical, pops, and education concerts throughout his initial three-year contract.
In September 2012, Mitchell began his tenure as Music Director of the Moores Opera Center at the Moores School of Music of the University of Houston.
In recent seasons, Mitchell has also led the London Philharmonic Orchestra in the Royal Albert Hall, the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra with violinist Anne-Sophie Mutter, the Frankfurt Radio Symphony Orchestra, the Philadelphia Orchestra, the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, the National Symphony Orchestra, the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra, the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra, the Saint Paul Chamber Orchestra, the Oregon Symphony, the Memphis Symphony Orchestra, three productions at the Moores Opera Center, members of the Dallas Symphony and Boston Modern Orchestra Project at New York’s Skaneateles Festival, and the Northwest Mahler Festival Orchestra in Mahler’s Fifth Symphony. He served as musical assistant at the New York Philharmonic during the 2007-08 season and as cover conductor for several programs with The Cleveland Orchestra in 2009, and has led performances with Musiqa and SOLI, the principal new music ensembles of Houston and San Antonio, respectively. He made his European debut in 2004 in a series of three concerts with Romania’s Brasov Philharmonic (to which he returned in February 2009), and made his Latin American debut in 2005 with the Orquesta Filarmónica de la UNAM in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="19052321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052321" title="Vestar Capital Partners">
Vestar Capital Partners

Vestar Capital Partners is an American private equity firm focusing on leveraged buyout transactions in the United States.
The firm, which was founded in 1988, is headquartered in New York City with offices in Boston, Massachusetts and Denver, Colorado, in the US.
History.
Vestar is a leading private equity firm specializing in management buyouts and growth capital investments. Vestar was founded in 1988 by seven principals of The First Boston Corporation’s Management Buyout Group. Five of the seven original founders, including Daniel O'Connell, Norman Alpert, Robert L. Rosner, James P. Kelley, and Arthur Nagle, are still with the firm.
In 2001, Vestar opened offices in Europe, in Milan (Italy) and Paris (France) which were followed by offices in Tokyo (Japan) in 2006 [http://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2006-08/6889170-vestar-establishes-japan-affiliate-004.htm and Munich (Germany) in 2007 Tokyo was closed in 2009 [http://www.vestarcapital.com/en/news/124/, Milan in 2010 and Munich in 2011 and Paris in 2012 [http://www.pehub.com/124961/vestar-capital-to-close-munich-paris-offices/].
The firm is targeting equity investments, in the range of $50 million to $150 million, in U.S.-based middle-market companies with enterprise values ranging from $250 million to $750 million. The firm has extensive experience investing across a wide variety of industries including: Consumer, Healthcare, Digital Media, Information Services, Diversified Industries, and Financial Services. Vestar invests and collaborates with incumbent management teams, private owners or corporations in a creative, flexible and entrepreneurial way to build long-term franchise and enterprise value. Since the firm's founding in 1988, the Vestar funds have completed 70 investments in companies with a total value of more than $40 billion.
Investments.
For details on Vestar's investment strategy, sector focus and Vestar Resources, please visit Vestar's Investment Strategy web page: [http://www.vestarcapital.com/en/strategy/]
Investment funds.
Since its inception in 1988, Vestar has raised six private equity funds with total investor commitments of approximately more than $9 billion. Of these funds, five have been fully invested and two have been fully liquidated. Vestar is actively evaluating middle-market investment opportunities for its sixth fund, Vestar Capital Partners VI.
Portfolio companies.
For the latest information on the Vestar Capital Partners portfolio, please visit Vestar's Portfolio web page: and also Vestar's News web page: [http://www.vestarcapital.com/en/about/news/ .

</doc>
<doc id="19052323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052323" title="St. Louis Maroons/Indianapolis Hoosiers all-time roster">
St. Louis Maroons/Indianapolis Hoosiers all-time roster

The following is a list of players and who appeared in at least one game for the St. Louis Maroons/Indianapolis Hoosiers franchise of the Union Association ( and National League ( through ).
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19052348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052348" title="Semjong">
Semjong

Semjong is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4068.

</doc>
<doc id="19052359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052359" title="Sirtung">
Sirtung

Sirtung is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3621 and had 695 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19052371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052371" title="Sunaula Bazar">
Sunaula Bazar

Sunaula Bazar is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6480 and had 1233 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19052378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052378" title="Tasarpu">
Tasarpu

Tasarpu is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4321 and had 787 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19052391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052391" title="Jessie Morales">
Jessie Morales

Jessie Morales, also known as El Original de la Sierra, was born and raised in Los Angeles, California, making his debut as Latin singer at the age of 14. Even when he grew up listening to West Coast rap, the young artist started singing traditional Mexican music. Morales' "Homenaje a Chalino Sánchez", released in January 2000 by Univision Music Group, climbed to the top on Billboard's Latin 50.Graduated from Thomas Jefferson High School.

</doc>
<doc id="19052402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052402" title="Thakre">
Thakre

Thakre is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9065 .
It is located with-in 2 hour of driving from the capital city Kathmandu. 
This village is surrounded by Mahesh Khola(kawalpur), Naubase, Mati Khola(Tasharpu), Aagrakhola(Bhumesthan). 
Most of the peoples are farmers and some of them are factory worker. 
Beside of being near to capital city this village have only three high school.

</doc>
<doc id="19052407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052407" title="Tipling">
Tipling

Tipling is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2092 and had 436 houses in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19052409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052409" title="Tripureswor">
Tripureswor

Tripureswor is a village development committee in Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2707 and had 497 houses in it. This is one of the mid-north village development committee which was politically popular during 10 year of insurgency.The rising number of population is making this part much more populated than last five years.The biggest river of the district,Netrawati passes from this village.One of the popular town of the district,Khahare is located in the north of Tripureshwor.There are 8 wards.

</doc>
<doc id="19052429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052429" title="Dundee Scots">
Dundee Scots

The Dundee Scots were a high school marching band from the Dundee area in Northern Illinois, USA. Their beginning dates to the Fall of 1966, when they adopted the Scottish theme to complement the town's namesake, Dundee, Scotland. They entered their first Summer of band competition in 1967, winning third place in class AAA at Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. In the Summer of 1968 the Scots won another third place at the V.F.W. National Contest in Detroit, Michigan. 
The band rose to national fame under the directorship of Doyle Heffron. Noteworthy performances included playing for Richard Nixon's inaugural in 1972. One of the first successes was beating out 49 other states to win the VFW parade in St. Louis, Missouri in 1970. The Scots furthered that success by winning the Governor's Trophy at the National Cherry Festival in 1969, 1970, and 1971, prompting representatives of the Cherry Festival to travel to Dundee's Spain Field and award the trophy as a permanent prize to the Dundee Scots. Prior to that, the trophy had always been a traveling trophy. Doyle Heffron later became the director of the Cherry Festival in Traverse City, Michigan. 
The Dundee Scots released an album in 1971 entitled "The Sound of the Dundee Scots". This album included music from field competitions dating from 1968 through 1971.
Unlike other High School bands, the Scots were a military style band, with the precision and discipline more like a drum and bugle corps. Many considered the band to be a sister to the Kilties Drum and Bugle Corps. Uniforms included Royal Stewart tartan kilts, white tunics, sporrans, and headwear. Instrumentalists wore Glengarry caps, the color guard wore Balmoral tams, and the Drum Majors wore shakos.

</doc>
<doc id="19052434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052434" title="Henri-Edgar Lavigueur">
Henri-Edgar Lavigueur

Henri-Edgar Lavigueur (16 February 1867 – 29 October 1943) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons and served as alderman and Mayor of Quebec City where he was born.
Lavigueur was a merchant by career, a co-founder of the Lavigueur and Hutchison company which sold sewing machines and musical instruments.
In 1906, Lavigueur was elected an alderman for the Saint-Jean-Baptiste ward. In 1916, he became the city's Mayor and remained in that position until 1920.
Lavigueur entered national politics in 1917 federal election with his election to Parliament at the Quebec County riding as a Laurier Liberal. He was re-elected there in the 1921 election with his party membership becoming the traditional Liberal party designation. In the 1925, 1926 and 1930 elections, he was re-elected at the Québec—Montmorency riding.
Having left federal politics at the end of his term in the 16th Canadian Parliament, Lavigueur already returned for further terms as Quebec City's mayor. He remained mayor until 1934, during which he chaired the centennial of the city's 1833 constitution.

</doc>
<doc id="19052435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052435" title="The Merrick &amp; Rosso Show">
The Merrick &amp; Rosso Show

The Merrick & Rosso Show is an Australian comedy television series which airs on The Comedy Channel, which premiered on 2 October 2008. It is hosted by Tim Ross and Merrick Watts, who are better known as comedy duo Merrick and Rosso. Their breakfast radio show is broadcast on Nova 96.9.
The comedy duo have also previously hosted the television shows "Merrick and Rosso Unplanned" on the Nine Network and the "The B Team" for Network Ten. They also hosted "Planet Merrick and Rosso" and "Super Planet Merrick and Rosso" for The Comedy Channel. Merrick Watts has also appeared in the comedy series "The Hollowmen" and "Thank God You're Here".
The show also appears on a six day delay on FOX8.
On 28 January 2009, The Comedy Channel approved a second season for the series, which began airing on 2 April 2009.
DVD release.
The first series was released on DVD on 6 May 2009, and includes all ten first series episodes, as well as the show's pilot episode, and an additional 30 minutes of bonus material.

</doc>
<doc id="19052439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052439" title="Marguerite de La Rocque">
Marguerite de La Rocque

Marguerite de La Rocque de Roberval ("fl" 1536–1542) was a French noblewoman who spent some years marooned on the Île des Démons in the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, off the coast of Quebec. She became well known after her subsequent rescue and return to France; her story was recounted in the "Heptaméron" by Queen Marguerite of Navarre, and in later histories by François de Belleforest and André Thévet.
Early life.
Marguerite de La Rocque's place and date of birth are unknown, but records attest to her declaration of fealty and homage in 1536 for her lands in Périgord and Languedoc. She was co-seigneuress of Pontpoint, with relative Jean-François de La Rocque de Roberval, a nobleman privateer favoured by Francis I of France. (The exact relationship remains unclear. André Thevet claimed Roberval was her uncle, while François de Belleforest indicated they were brother and sister. Historian Elizabeth Boyer suggests they were in fact cousins.)
Voyage and marooning.
In 1541 Roberval was made Lieutenant General of New France, and the following year set out for the New World, accompanied by Marguerite, who was still young and unmarried. During the journey, she became the lover of a young man. Displeased with his young relative's actions, Roberval left Marguerite on the "Isle of Demons", near the Saint Paul River. While possibly motivated by his strong Calvinist morals, it is likely he was also driven by financial greed, since his debts were high, and Marguerite's death would be to his benefit. Also marooned were Marguerite's lover, and her maid-servant Damienne. In the "Heptameron", the Queen of Navarre claims the lover was set down first, with Marguerite opting to join him; Thevet claims the young man swam to join Marguerite.
Marguerite's lover is intentionally unidentified in early histories; while presented in the Queen of Navarre's work as an unskilled labourer, this was, in part, to hide his identity, preserving the reputation of his aristocratic family.
While it is unlikely she was pregnant when first abandoned, Marguerite gave birth to a child while on the island. The baby died, as did the young man and the maid servant. It is likely the baby died due to insufficient milk, Marguerite's diet being poor. Marguerite survived by hunting wild animals, and was rescued by Basque fishermen some years later.
The "Island of Demons" (or spirits) is part of a group later known as the Isles de la Demoiselle, presumably after her (French "demoiselle" means "young lady"); specifically, the island is believed to be the one now known as Hospital Island (or Harrington Island), where oral tradition is able to identify the cave Marguerite sheltered in.
Later life.
Returning to France after her rescue, Marguerite achieved some celebrity when her story was recorded by the Queen of Navarre in her work "Heptaméron" (published posthumously in 1558), in François de Belleforest's "Histoires tragiques" (5th Volume, 1570) and, later, André Thévet's "Cosmographie". She became a schoolmistress, and settled in Nontron, living in Chateau de La Mothe. There is no record of any action or charges brought by her against Roberval. Her death date and place is unrecorded. (Roberval died in 1560.)
Literary representations.
The Queen of Navarre's account of Marguerite's adventures was a romantic tale, based on information provided by "Captain Roberval"; Thevet, who claimed he was told the story by Marguerite herself, offered more precise details, describing the journey, the colonists on board the ships, and the location of the Île des Démons. Text comparisons show that Thevet was, at least, familiar with the Queen's and de Belleforest's earlier accounts.
In addition to her early chroniclers, Marguerite de la Rocque's story has provided inspiration for several modern writers. In 1960, George Woodcock composed the verse play for CBC Radio "The Island of Demons". In 1975, historian Elizabeth Boyer wrote the novel "Marguerite de la Roque: A Story of Survival"; Charles Goulet's 2000 novel was entitled "The Isle of Demons", and Joan Elizabeth Goodman wrote a novel for young adults in 2002, entitled "Paradise". In 2003, Douglas Glover published "Elle: A Novel", which won 2003 Canadian Governor’s General book prize. Canadian playwright Robert Chafe wrote a bilingual play "Isle of Demons", first produced in 2004. Canadian poet bpNichol depicted her in his poem "lament". 19th century Montreal poet George Martin published his poem about the incident – "Marguerite, Or The Isle Of Demons" in an 1887 book of the same name. The book was republished in 1995 and is still available. Sara Maitland discusses the story in "A Book of Silence" (2008) and in a short story, "The Tale of the Valiant Demoiselle," in "Far North and Other Dark Tales" (2008). Maitland also mentions a narrative poem by Isabel Ecclestone McKay (1916). In 2008, Annamarie Beckel wrote "Silence of Stone" (Breakwater Books) another novel based on the story of Marguerite de la Rocque and switches back and forth between Marguerite on the island to Marguerite as headmistress.

</doc>
<doc id="19052472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052472" title="Fritz E. Dreifuss">
Fritz E. Dreifuss

Fritz E. Dreifuss, MD (20 January1926 – October 18, 1997) was a German-born, New Zealand educated, American neurologist and subspecialist in epilepsy based at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, Virginia, USA.
Early life.
Dreifuss was born in Dresden, Germany. To escape German state persecution of Jews the Dreifuss family emigrated to New Zealand arriving in 1937. His father began a general practice in medicine.
Education.
Fritz was educated at Wanganui Collegiate and the University of Otago from where he graduated MB ChB (NZ) in 1951. He trained in neurology at Auckland Hospital, New Zealand and the National Hospital for Nervous Diseases, Queen’s Square, London, England.
Early career.
In 1959 he was hired as a faculty neurologist at the University of Virginia. During his first faculty year, he simultaneously worked as a medical intern at a regional hospital to be eligible for a Virginia medical license.
Clinical Practice and the Comprehensive Epilepsy Center.
Dreifuss’ clinical and research career centered on the evaluation and treatment of epilepsy in children and adults. In 1959, he was named head of the Commonwealth of Virginia’s Child Neurology Program. To fulfill this mission, he formed a series of satellite field clinics around the Commonwealth to provide state-of-the-art neurological care in regions remote from main medical centers at a time when neurologists were few. He maintained this clinics throughout his career in collaboration with colleague James Q. Miller. Although the emphasis was on epilepsy, patients with a wide range of neurological disorders were served. Three Appalachian field clinics in Tazewell, Wise, and Bristol, Virginia continue to be staffed by University of Virginia neurologists. 
In the 1960s he and several colleagues in the US, especially Kiffin Penry, created the concept of subspecialty epilepsy care represented as the Comprehensive Epilepsy Program. This approach gathered clinical neurologists, pediatric neurologists, electrophysiologists, specialized nursing, educational consultants, and psychologists with the common mission of epilepsy care. In 1974 Dreifuss competed successfully for an NIH-sponsored grant for the formation of a comprehensive epilepsy center, forming one of the three original centers in the US. An integral part of a comprehensive epilepsy center was the development of feasible long-term monitoring methods with the use of simultaneous video-EEG in order to best diagnose and characterize epileptic seizures. With electrophysiology colleagues, Dreifuss aided in the development of the video-EEG system and was one of its early adopters in clinical epilepsy research.
Although his specialty was epilepsy, Dreifuss published extensively in clinical descriptions within other neurological fields. In 1961 Dreifuss and colleagues described a family with form of muscular dystrophy distinct from more severe Duchenne and Becker muscular dystrophies. This syndrome is now designated Emery–Dreifuss muscular dystrophy.
Clinical research.
With collaborator Kiffin Penry and others and with the use of advanced video-EEG techniques, Dreifuss investigated the correlations between the clinical symptoms of absence seizures and their accompaniments on EEG. Dreifuss established that the generalized, 3 Hz, spike-wave discharge is accompanied by loss of attention and, sometimes, minor motor automatisms; even brief discharges have momentary clinical significance. Accordingly, treatment of absence epilepsy could be accurately measured by tracking the amount of spike-wave discharges captured via EEG
Dreifuss used these techniques and others in the process of development of anticonvulsant medications for use in absence epilepsy as well as in other epileptic conditions. He was instrumental in the first publications in the use of sodium valproate in the US in 1976, and in 1996 described those at most risk for side effects in the use of this medication.
Classification of the epilepsies.
Arguably his most important contribution was to head the international commission for standardization of terminology and classification of the epilepsies His classification, arrived at through a combination of clinical relevance and diplomacy, stands still as the international standard. The standardization of terms have allowed research protocols and clinical practice to discuss the epilepsies in a common language.
Awards, offices, and recognitions.
At the University of Virginia, Dreifuss achieved full the title of full Professor of Neurology in 1968 and was awarded the first T.R. Johns Chair of Neurology in 1990 and the Worrel Chair in 1993. He was nominated as Vice Chair of the department in 1974 and served as interim chair in the department’s transition from the leadership of T.R. Johns to G. Frederick Wooten.
He was president of the American Epilepsy Society in 1978, Chairman of the Professional Advisor Board of the Epilepsy Foundation of America (EFA) from 1978 to 1980, President of EFA from 1983 to 1985, Chairman of the Board of EFA from 1987 to 1989, secretary-general of the International League Against Epilepsy (ILAE) from 1981 to 1985, and President of ILAE from 1985 to 1989. He, in collaboration with colleague Soo Ik Lee taught a variety of fellows in clinical epilepsy and clinical neurophysiology. He was named an Ambassador for Epilepsy in 1979, was the winner of the William G. Lennox Award of AES in 1983, and was the AES Lennox lecturer in 1986. He received the AES Distinguished Clinical Investigator Award in 1991 and the ILAE Epileptology Prize in 1995. He received the EFA 25th Anniversary Award in 1993. The American Academy of Neurology posthumously designated the annual Dreifuss-Penry Award for outstanding career contributions in epileptology.
Pop Culture References.
The Severed Heads, an Australian industrial pop group active in the 1980s, released on their 1983 album “Since the Accident” a cut entitled “Epilepsy ‘82”. This song featured a recording of one of Dreifuss’ lectures on the classification of the epilepsies as background.

</doc>
<doc id="19052476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052476" title="Perhaps (album)">
Perhaps (album)

Perhaps is the fourth album released by the Scottish New Wave band, Associates. It is the first album without founding multi-instrumentalist Alan Rankine.
Development.
With the departure of Alan Rankine and Michael Dempsey, The Associates were effectively a Billy Mackenzie solo project for this album. MacKenzie started work with Steve Reid, a guitarist from Dundee and Howard Hughes, an accomplished keyboard player in late 1982 after the departure of Rankine and came up with an album's worth of material. However, the sessions were chaotic and the resulting album was deemed unreleasable by Warner Music Group and they demanded Billy to work on it to make it releasable. The master tapes for this version went missing over the Xmas period in 1982 (allegedly Billy hid them due to his own dissatisfaction with the record). The album was restarted from scratch and was finally finished after a further two years in 1985 with four different producers. It cost £250,000 to make, a lot of money for even a major label record in those times. The album was a commercial failure, it made number 23 in the UK charts but only sold around 40,000 copies putting Billy in significant debt to Warner Music Group.
Style.
Compared to "Sulk", 'Perhaps' was slightly more restrained. The watery production style was replaced by LinnDrum patterns, orchestration and a predominantly synth based sound with guitars taking even more of a backseat. Songs such as "Breakfast" heralded the soulful ballad sound that Billy would switch to with his next album. However, certain songs still had the frenetic hysteria that "Sulk" provided especially on "Helicopter Helicopter" and "Schampout". There are a lot of different styles on the record from the skewed synthpop of "Perhaps" to the classical-meets-unconventional instrumentation of "Thirteen Feelings".
Availability.
For years 'Perhaps' was only available on vinyl and cassette. However, due to the reissue program of Associates material after Billy Mackenzie's death, it was re-released along with the unreleased 'The Glamour Chase' album in a double CD package in 2002. The bonus instrumentals included on the original cassette release were not included.
Track listing.
Original vinyl & cassette.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="19052492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052492" title="SS Ohioan (1914)">
SS Ohioan (1914)

SS "Ohioan" was a cargo ship built in 1914 for the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company. During World War I, she was taken over by the United States Navy and commissioned as USS "Ohioan" (ID-3280).
"Ohioan" was built by the Maryland Steel Company as one of eight sister ships ordered by the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company for inter-coastal service cargo via the Panama Canal. When the canal was temporarily closed by landslides in late 1915, "Ohioan" sailed via the Straits of Magellan until the canal reopened in mid 1916. During World War I, USS "Ohioan" carried cargo, animals, and a limited number of passengers to France, and returned over 8,000 American troops after the Armistice, including the highly decorated American soldier Alvin York. After "Ohioan"s naval service ended in 1919, she was returned to her original owners.
"Ohioan"s post-war career was relatively uneventful until 8 October 1936, when she ran aground near Seal Rock at the Golden Gate, the entrance to San Francisco Bay. Attempts to free the ship were unsuccessful and, because of the close proximity of the wreck to San Francisco, the grounded "Ohioan" drew large crowds to watch salvage operations. Angelo J. Rossi, the mayor of San Francisco, toured the wreck on 19 October. "Ohioan"s hulk caught fire in March 1937, and the wreck broke into two pieces in a storm in December. As late as 1939, some of "Ohioan"s rusty steel beams were still visible on the rocks.
Design and construction.
In May 1912, the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company placed an order with the Maryland Steel Company of Sparrows Point, Maryland, for two new cargo ships— and "Ohioan". The contract cost of the ships was set at the construction cost plus an 8% profit for Maryland Steel, but with a maximum price of $640,000 per ship. Maryland Steel financed the construction with a credit plan which called for a 5% down payment in cash followed by nine monthly installments for the balance. The deal allowed for some of the nine installments to be converted into longer-term notes or mortgages. The final cost of "Ohioan", including financing costs, was $73.58 per deadweight ton, which came out to just under $730,000.
"Ohioan" (Maryland Steel yard no. 133) was the second ship built under the contract. She was launched on 24 January 1914, and delivered to American-Hawaiian on 30 June. The ship was , and was in length (between perpendiculars) and abeam. She had a deadweight tonnage of , and her cargo holds, which had a storage capacity of , were outfitted with a complete refrigeration plant so that she could carry perishable products from the West Coast—such as fresh produce from Southern California farms—to the East Coast. "Ohioan" had a single steam engine powered by oil-fired boilers that drove a single screw propeller at a speed of .
Early career.
When "Ohioan" began sailing for American-Hawaiian, the company shipped cargo from East Coast ports via the Straits of Magellan to West Coast ports and Hawaii, and vice versa. Eastbound shipments were primarily sugar and pineapple from Hawaii, but westbound cargoes were more general in nature. Following the opening of the Panama Canal on 15 August 1914, American-Hawaiian ships switched to take that route.
As World War I continued in Europe and increased the demand for defense-related shipping, American-Hawaiian stopped its sugar service. "Ohioan"s specific activities during this time are not known. She may have been in the half of the American-Hawaiian fleet that was chartered for transatlantic service, or she may have been in the group of American-Hawaiian ships chartered for service to South America, delivering coal, gasoline, and steel in exchange for coffee, nitrates, cocoa, rubber, and manganese ore.
World War I.
Unlike her surviving sister ships, there is no evidence that "Ohioan" was ever chartered by the United States Army; "Ohioan"s activities between the United States' declaration of war on Germany in April 1917, and her acquisition by the United States Navy on 5 August 1918, are unknown. She was commissioned into the two days later, under a loan charter. After a refit and taking on a load of cargo, "Ohioan" sailed for Saint-Nazaire, France, where she arrived on 29 August. Dividing the next month between that port and Brest, "Ohioan" sailed for New York on 1 October. Fitted there with horse stalls, she loaded 60 officers and men, and equestrian and general cargo, before sailing on 1 November for La Pallice.
With the signing of the Armistice on 11 November the fighting came to an end, and the task of bringing home American soldiers began almost immediately. Upon her return to the United States on 5 December, "Ohioan" was selected to become a troop transport and transferred from the to the Cruiser and Transport Force. Before she could begin returning troops, "Ohioan" had to be converted from a cargo and animal ship. Although sources do not indicate the specific modifications "Ohioan" underwent, typical conversions for other ships included the installation of berths, and adding greatly expanded cooking and toilet facilities to handle the large numbers of men aboard. Similar modifications on "Ohioan"s sister ship took three months, but it is not known how long "Ohioan"s refit took.
In March, "Ohioan" returned 1,627 men to New York, mostly from the 348th Infantry Regiment of the U.S. 87th Infantry Division, followed by another 1,596 officers and men, and 1,000 homing pigeons on 16 April. Among the pigeons were Cher Ami—the only bird sent out by the Lost Battalion that was able to get a message through—and 100 captured German pigeons. Cher Ami had received the French Croix de Guerre with Palm and had been recommended for the U.S. Army Distinguished Service Cross by General John J. Pershing.
"Ohioan" docked at New York on 22 May on her next voyage with a portion of the 328th Infantry Regiment of the U.S. 82nd Infantry Division. One of the members of the unit was Sergeant Alvin C. York, who had led an attack on a German machine gun nest during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive and captured 132 German officers and men. York had been honored with the U.S. Medal of Honor and the French Croix de Guerre with Palm (among other awards), both of which he wore on his coat on arrival at New York. After "Ohioan" docked, York held a well-attended press conference on board.
On 20 June, "Ohioan" returned another load of troops that included Base Hospital 98, and the 20th Engineers. By the time "Ohioan" had completed her sixth and final trooping voyage on 16 September 1919, "Ohioan" had carried home 8,383 healthy and wounded men. USS "Ohioan" was decommissioned on 6 October 1919, and returned to American-Hawaiian.
Later career.
"Ohioan" resumed cargo service with American-Hawaiian after her return from World War I service. Although the company had abandoned its original Hawaiian sugar routes by that time, "Ohioan" continued inter-coastal service through the Panama Canal relatively uneventfully for the next 17 years. On 23 November 1933, "Ohioan" collided with in the Ambrose Channel. She was consequently beached near the West Bank Light. "Ohioan" was refloated on 26 November.
In early morning hours of 8 October 1936, however, "Ohioan" ran aground near Seal Rock on the south shore of the Golden Gate, just outside San Francisco Bay. The ship, sailing in a dense fog, strayed too close to shore and grounded on the rocks, sending a shower of sparks that lit up the night. When the fog cleared later in the morning, the ship was firmly seated on the rocks at the base of a cliff, and some from the mainland. Coast Guardsmen on shore attached three lines to the ship and set up a breeches buoy to take off the harbor pilot, but the crew stayed on board the ship in hopes that the high tide would free her from the rocky perch. As word of the shipwreck spread, spectators clambered over the cliff to get a view of the scene; one man died from a heart attack and two women broke ankles in separate falls. Newsboys soon arrived on the scene, selling newspapers telling of "Ohioan"s woe within sight of the stranded ship. Policemen were called out to keep order as the crowd grew into the thousands.
The next day, as the seas battered the ship and drove her farther on the rocks, two Coast Guard boats took 31 men from the ship. American-Hawaiian announced that a Los Angeles salvage firm had been hired to retrieve the cargo, which included explosives and oil. Two heavy-duty electric pumps were lowered to the ship via the breeches buoy, and plans were drawn up for connecting them to the San Francisco municipal electric system in order to pump out the ship.
The crowds of onlookers continued to watch as salvage efforts progressed; a 75-year-old woman from Oakland fell down the embankment while watching the action on 13 October. The mayor of San Francisco, Angelo J. Rossi, rode the breeches buoy to the ship and toured it for 45 minutes on 19 October. On 22 October, the "Los Angeles Times" ran an Associated Press story saying that marine experts were considering the use of a method first patented by Abraham Lincoln in May 1849 in order to re-float the stranded ship. All efforts, however, were unsuccessful, and by 31 October, American-Hawaiian placed an advertisement in the "Los Angeles Times" requesting bids for the purchase of the ship and her cargo "as and where she now lies ... on the rocks near Point Lobos, San Francisco". E. J. Mitchell was the winning bidder, securing rights to the ship and its cargo for $2,800.
In March 1937, five months after the wreck, the hulk of "Ohioan"—still aground near Seal Rock—caught fire when a watchman aboard the ship attempted to burn some meat in a refrigerator. The flames died out before reaching the explosives that remained aboard the wreck. A Pacific storm in December the same year caused the hulk of "Ohioan" to break in two. By 1939, only remnants of some of "Ohioan"s rusty steel beams were still visible on the rocks.
Author Mark Ellis Thomas suggests that English poet and novelist Malcolm Lowry may have been inspired by the wreck of "Ohioan" in his poem "In Tempest's Tavern". One excerpt from the poem refers to "The "Ohio" smoking in Frisco on a sharp pen / Of rock". At the time of "Ohioan"s grounding, Lowry was in San Diego, preparing to sail to Acapulco.

</doc>
<doc id="19052539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052539" title="Dee Molenaar">
Dee Molenaar

Dee Molenaar (born June 21, 1918) is an American mountaineer, author and artist from Burley, Washington. He is best known as the author of "The Challenge of Rainier", first published in 1971 and considered the definitive work on the climbing history of Mount Rainier.
Biography.
Molenaar was born in Los Angeles, California to Dutch immigrant parents. During World War II, he served as a photographer in the U.S. Coast Guard in the Aleutians and western Pacific. In 1950, he earned a B.Sc. degree in geology at the University of Washington, and then served as civilian advisor in the Army's Mountain & Cold Weather Training Command at Camp Hale, Colorado.
Molenaar worked as a park ranger and mountain guide in Mount Rainier National Park, climbing the mountain over 50 times as a guide and on personal trips, via more than a dozen different routes including three first ascents. He participated in the 1946 second ascent of Mount Saint Elias in Alaska. He was a member of the Third American Karakoram Expedition, a 1953 mountaineering expedition to K2 in which the party became trapped during a severe storm. Along with "Big Jim" Jim Whittaker and Robert Kennedy, he was a member of the 1965 climb and first ascent of Mount Kennedy in the Yukon, named after John F. Kennedy.
His career with the U.S. Geological Survey took him to Alaska, Colorado, Utah, and Washington, until his retirement in 1983.
On April 7, 2012, the American Alpine Club inducted Molenaar into its Hall of Mountaineering Excellence at an award ceremony in Golden, Colorado.
Art.
Molenaar paints in watercolors and oils. He is known for his impressionism-style art with mountain and desert landscapes the dominant theme in his works. He painted the highest watercolor in history, spending 10 days in a tent painting K2 from memory at 25,000 feet during a severe storm that hit during the 1953 expedition. With precious fuel for melting snow running low, his teammates made him drink the remaining water colored with pigments.

</doc>
<doc id="19052547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052547" title="DUSA Pharmaceuticals">
DUSA Pharmaceuticals

DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. () is pharmaceutical company based in Wilmington, Massachusetts that specializes in dermatology products. The major focus of the company includes medications used in the treatment of actinic keratoses and acne.
In the first quarter of 2006, DUSA Pharmaceuticals obtained Sirius Laboratories Inc. in a merger estimated to be worth 30 million dollars. Sirius was a privately held dermatology specialty pharmaceuticals company founded by Dr. Joel E. Bernstein in 2000 dedicated to the treatment of acne vulgaris and acne rosacea.

</doc>
<doc id="19052558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052558" title="SS Ohioan">
SS Ohioan

SS "Ohioan" may refer to one of two ships owned by the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company

</doc>
<doc id="19052562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052562" title="Roy Prosser">
Roy Prosser

Roydon "Roy" Barnett Prosser (18 February 1942 – 13 August 2008) was an Australian Rugby Union player who represented for the Wallabies twenty-five times. Prosser was once Australia's most capped prop.
Early life.
Prosser was born in Sydney and attended Newington College (1949–1959) commencing as a preparatory school student in Wyvern House.
Club Rugby.
Prosser played a club record 220 first grade games for Northern Suburbs Rugby Club and was a member of our three premiership sides in the 1960s.
Waratahs.
He made his New South Wales debut in 1963, making 24 appearances for the Waratahs over the following ten seasons.
Wallabies.
Prosser played 25 Test matches: seven against South Africa, six against New Zealand, five against France, three against Ireland and one each against England, Scotland, Wales and Fiji. He made his Test debut in 1967 against England at Twickenham in a game the Wallabies won 23-11 and played in two tests of that 1966-67 Wallaby tour.His last Test was against Fiji in Suva in 1972 which the Wallabies won 21-19.

</doc>
<doc id="19052579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052579" title="Carolyne zu Sayn-Wittgenstein">
Carolyne zu Sayn-Wittgenstein

Princess Carolyne zu Sayn-Wittgenstein (February 8, 1819March 9, 1887) was a Polish noblewoman who pursued a forty-year liaison/relationship with Franz Liszt. She was also an amateur journalist and essayist and it is conjectured that she did much of the actual writing of several of Liszt's publications, especially his "Life of Chopin". She pursued an enormous correspondence with Liszt and many others which is of vital historical interest. She admired and encouraged Hector Berlioz, as is clear from their extensive correspondence. Berlioz dedicated "Les Troyens" to Princess Carolyne. She was portrayed by Capucine in the 1960 film "Song Without End".
Biography.
Karolina Elżbieta Iwanowska was born at Woronińce (today Voronivtsi ("Воронівці"), Ukraine), in one of her parents' many estates in eastern Poland, then a province of the Russian Empire. On April 26, 1836, just two months after her seventeenth birthday (and with pressure from her father), Carolyne married Prince Nikolaus zu Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg-Ludwigsburg (1812–1864), an officer in the Russian service who was also a member of an ancient noble house, being the son of Peter Wittgenstein. They had an only daughter, Marie Pauline Antoinette (1837–1920), who later married Prince Konstantin zu Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Schillingsfürst (brother of Prince Chlodwig zu Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst, Foreign Minister of the Kingdom of Bavaria until its unification with the German Empire).
Princess Carolyne met Franz Liszt in 1847 during one of his musical tours in Russia. The princess, a strong Roman Catholic, had by then been estranged from her husband for some time. She and Liszt began living together at Weimar from 1848. Eventually she wished to regularise their situation and marry Liszt, but since her husband was still living, she had to convince the Roman Catholic authorities that her marriage to him had been invalid. After an intricate process which involved two direct Papal audiences, she was temporarily successful (September 1860), and it was planned that the couple would marry in Rome on October 22, 1861, Liszt's fiftieth birthday. Liszt arrived in Rome the previous day, only to find the princess unable to marry him. It appears that both her husband and the Tsar of Russia managed to quash permission for the marriage at the Vatican. The Russian government also impounded her several estates (she owned thousands of serfs), which made her later marriage to Liszt, or anyone, unfeasible. Furthermore, the scandal would have seriously harmed her daughter's marriageability—clearly the main reason why the prince put an end to his wife's scheduled remarriage.
Subsequently her relationship to Liszt became one of platonic companionship, especially after he received minor orders in the Catholic Church and became an "abbé". For her part, Carolyne spent several decades in Rome writing privately (and very critically) on church issues. She was devastated by Liszt's death and survived him only a few months, dying on March 9, 1887 in Rome.
Works.
Carolyne zu Sayn-Wittgenstein was a prolific writer, but most of her works were privately printed; the chief of these was "Des causes intérieures de la faiblesse extérieure de l'Église" (the title could be translated as "The Inward Reasons for the Church's Outward Failure"), a massive 24-volume undertaking. The book was placed on the Index Librorum Prohibitorum, the Catholic Church's list of banned books.
A posthumous publication was "La vie chrétienne au milieu du monde et en notre siècle. Entretiens pratiques recueillis et publiés par Henri Lasserre", Paris 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="19052594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052594" title="Armed Services">
Armed Services

Armed Services is a collective term that refers to the major organisational entities of national armed forces, so named because they service a combat need in a specific combat environment. In most states Armed Services include the Army also known as Land Force or Ground Force, Navy also known as Marine Defence Force, and Air Force. Some countries have a separate service for the Space Forces or Military Space Forces, and the Russian Federation also has the Strategic Missile Troops and the Airborne Troops as independent Armed Services. The People's Liberation Army, despite the name, also comprises Armed Services consisting of the PLA Ground Force, PLA Navy (PLAN), PLA Air Force (PLAAF), Second Artillery Corps (strategic nuclear or missile force), and the PLA Reserved Force.
Some nations combine all Armed Services into one structure such as the Japan Self-Defense Forces, Óglaigh na hÉireann, and the Canadian Forces, and subdividing them into branches, or the Israeli Defense Forces with an even less pronounced separation of Armed Services due to its combined arms doctrine that is applied even at the highest echelons of command.

</doc>
<doc id="19052615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052615" title="Andrei Kharlov">
Andrei Kharlov

Andrei Kharlov (; born on November 20, 1968) is a Russian chess player. 
Tournament results.
In 1992, he received the title of Grandmaster after tying for first place in the 1990 Russian National Championships. Since then, Kharlov has won the 1996 Eurocup and the 1998 Russian Club Cup with the Kazan chess team. In 2000, he tied for first in the Russian National Championship in Samara and tied for first in the European Individual Chess Championship in Saint-Vincent. He participated in the FIDE World Chess Championship 2000, where he was knocked out by Veselin Topalov in the second round. In the FIDE World Chess Championship 2004 he advanced to the fifth round (final eight), but was again knocked out by Topalov. In 2005 he ended shared first in the Aeroflot Open, only to lose the title on tie-break.
Notable Games.
In the 2005 Aeroflot Open Andrei Kharlov played Vassily Ivanchuk as white. The game played through the Krause Variation of the Queen's Pawn Game opening. 
Andrei Kharlov–Vassily Ivanchuk, Aeroflot Open 2005 
1.d4 d5 2.Nf3 c5 3.c3 a5 4.dxc5 Nf6 5.c4 e6 6.cxd5 Bxc5 7.Qc2 Bb4+ 8.Bd2 exd5 9.Bxb4 axb4 10.Nbd2 Nc6 11.Nb3 Bg4 12.g3 Rc8 13.Qd1 0-0 14.Bg2 Qb6 15.0-0 Rfd8 16.Qd2 h6 17.Rfd1 Ne4 18.Qe1 d4 19.Nc1 Nc5 20.Nd3 Nxd3 21.Rxd3 Ra8 22.Rd2 Ra5 23.Qd1 Be6 24.b3 Bf5 25.h3 Be4 26.Ne1 Bxg2 27.Kxg2 Rc5 28.Nf3 Rc3 29.Qb1 Qa5 30.Qe4 Rxb3 31.Rad1 Ra3 32.Nxd4 Qd5 33.Qxd5 Rxd5 34.Nb3 Re5 35.Rc2 Na5 36.Rd3 Re8 37.Rf3 Nc6 38.Rd3 Rea8 39.Rdd2 Na5 40.Nd4 b3 41.axb3 Nxb3 42.Nxb3 Rxb3 43.Rd7 Rb5 44.Rcc7 Rf8 45.Re7 b6 46.Rb7 Rc5 47.Rxb6 h5 48.Rb4 g6 49.Rf4 Kg7 50.e4 Rc4 51.Rf3 Ra4 52.g4 hxg4 53.hxg4 Kh6 54.Kg3 f6 55.Rb3 Rc8 56.Kf4!
56...g5+ 57.Kf5 Ra5+ 58.e5 Rxe5+ 59.Kxf6 1–0

</doc>
<doc id="19052626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052626" title="Ranch to Market Road 337">
Ranch to Market Road 337

Ranch to Market Road 337 or RM 337 is a Texas state road that runs from Camp Wood east to Medina. The route was designated in 1945 between Camp Wood and Leakey in Real County, but was gradually extended eastward over the years until in 1968 it stretched to RM 187 at Vanderpool in Bandera County. In 1976, an additional were added east from RM 187 to connect to SH 16 in Medina, bringing the road to its present form.
Passing through the canyonland of the Texas Hill Country northwest of San Antonio, RM 337 is renowned for its hairpin switchbacks and extreme natural beauty; it has been called one of the most scenic drives in Texas. Texas Monthly magazine named the road no. 18 on its list of "75 Things We Love About Texas" in its April 2006 issue.
History.
Ranch to Market Road 337 was first designated on June 11, 1945, traveling from Camp Wood to Leakey. On December 1, 1957, it was extended eastward, and on September 27th of 1960, the route was extended another eastward. On November 1, 1968, the highway was extended eastward to an intersection with RM 187. On February 16, 1976, FM 1336 was added to the length of RM 337, adding to the route.

</doc>
<doc id="19052664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052664" title="In the Year of the Boar and Jackie Robinson">
In the Year of the Boar and Jackie Robinson

In the Year of the Boar and Jackie Robinson is a children's novel about a young girl named Shirley Temple Wong who leaves a secure life within her clan in China following World War II. She begins a new life in America because her father has taken a job as an engineer in the United States. Many Chinese customs and traditions are discussed, along with their importance to Wong and her family. Shirley's family does not give up their cultural traditions, but they do adopt many American customs in order to adapt to the American way of life.
The reader enjoys many humorous situations as Shirley fails to understand her new culture and the nuances of the English language. It takes her a while to learn her new language, presenting her with many difficult, and sometimes hilarious, outcomes. At first, Shirley desperately wants to fit in with her new classmates by playing stickball or by leaving the school for lunch. Because she is of small stature and doesn't have good ball-handling skills, Shirley has trouble fitting in with her classmates' activities. Her efforts are admirable, but her classmates are not encouraged to include her on their teams. Her habit of bowing to them and her lack of fluent English makes it hard to the children to accept her. Her parents want her to fit in, but they are not adept at helping her. Noticing her quietness and sadness, her father buys her a pair of roller skates. Not knowing how to skate, Shirley becomes bruised and bloodied from her efforts to learn. It isn't until a fellow fifth grader befriends her that she learns how to roller skate and how to play stickball. This friendship helps her enjoy life in a new land, and to feel more a part of this new culture.
She never loses her connection to the culture of her birth, as she still misses the closeness of her clan and the interaction with her many cousins, aunts, uncles and grandparents. Bette Bao Lord manages to tie together Shirley's love of her past life in China and her present life in the United States. She is able to "fit in" without losing her ties to the past.
This novel is humorous in its treatment of Shirley's adjustment to her new culture. Its high point is Shirley's meeting with her American hero, the black baseball player Jackie Robinson. Many parallels are drawn between them and their "fitting in," from their being pigeon-toed runners, to their being different from the status quo. Her rabid interest in that most American of sports, baseball, defines her acceptance of her new culture as well as its acceptance of her. This book shows the power of sports and how it can create a friendship.
This is a book which would be appealing to children in the third to sixth grade levels because they can identify with Shirley, in all her innocence. Lord has created a sympathetic character without making us pity her. This is a culturally comparative book because there are parallels drawn between both Shirley's life in China and in the United States, but there is no evaluation made as to which is better. There is no goal for Shirley to give up her Chinese culture in order to adapt to the American culture. There seems to be room for both in her life. This novel presents an in-depth look at family relationships, values, religious traditions, child-rearing beliefs, work ethics, and the nature of friendship within Shirley's culture of origin, as well as her adopted culture. Shirley's characterization in the story is strong, and the plot moves quickly and evokes interest. The settings, both in China and in the United States, provide historical knowledge about both countries in the post-war era. Because of this, it would be considered historical fiction. Many lessons of tolerance could be taught in the classroom by using such an entertaining and historically accurate novel.
In 1947, the Year of the Boar, Sixth Cousin, also known as Bandit, leaves China with her parents for a new beginning in America. Proud of the American name that she chose herself, Shirley Temple Wong is optimistic that her new home will be the land of many opportunities. But it's harder than she expected. Though her classmates in Brooklyn come from a variety of backgrounds, Shirley is the only one who doesn't speak English, and she worries that she will never have a friend. Then she gets in a fight with Mabel, the tallest, scariest girl in the fifth grade. Though Shirley winds up with two black eyes, she is faithful to the code of childhood and doesn't tell anyone what happened.
Her silence gains her the respect and friendship of Mabel, who gives her the gift that truly changes her life: baseball. Soon Shirley is the biggest Brooklyn Dodgers fan of all, listening to the radio to hear the triumphs and heartbreaks of the team and her hero, Jackie Robinson. Meanwhile, she takes piano lessons from her landlord, Señora Rodriguez, and saves money by baby-sitting Mrs. O'Reilly's triplets. She begins to feel at home, and yet deep within herself Shirley discovers that she wants to hold on to her memories of China, and the knowledge that she is Chinese inside, as well as American. She can be both — a "double happiness." 

</doc>
<doc id="19052759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052759" title="Shoe String Symphonettes">
Shoe String Symphonettes

Shoe String Symphonettes is a 1997 album of film music by Marc Ribot released on Tzadik Records.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Sean Cooper awarded the album 3 stars stating ""Symphonettes" features some of Ribot's most compelling work to date, both creatively augmenting the originals and sketching out cinematic spaces more or less autonomous from the films they were inspired by". 
Track listing.
All compositions are by Marc Ribot except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19052782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052782" title="Friends in Love">
Friends in Love

Friends in Love, Dionne Warwick's third studio album for the Arista label, was released in 1982. It was recorded during the winter of 1981-82 and was released that spring. The LP was originally issued as number AL 9585 in the Arista Catalog. The disc stalled at a disappointing #87 on the "Billboard" album chart, selling approximately 200,000 US copies.
This album is out of print.
History.
Songs on the album include the title track, a duet with singer Johnny Mathis, which made the Top 40 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart at #38, in addition to charting on the "Billboard" R&B and adult contemporary charts at #22 and #5, respectively. A follow-up single, "For You", peaked at #14 on the adult contemporary chart. This album also contains the Cynthia Weil / Barry Mann song "Never Gonna Let You Go", which would become a hit the following year for Brazilian musician Sérgio Mendes.

</doc>
<doc id="19052801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052801" title="Fair Haven Union High School">
Fair Haven Union High School

The Fair Haven Union High School is a public high school located in Rutland County, Vermont. The school serves about 500 students from the towns of Orwell, Castleton, Benson, Hubbardton, West Haven, Bomoseen, Hydeville, and Fair Haven.

</doc>
<doc id="19052840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052840" title="William Polk (colonel)">
William Polk (colonel)

Colonel William Polk (9 July 1758 – 14 January 1834) was a North Carolina banker, educational administrator, political leader, renowned Continental officer in the War for American Independence, and survivor of the 1777/1778 encampment at Valley Forge.
Early life and background.
William Polk was born in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, on July 9, 1758, the eldest child of Thomas Polk and his wife, Sussana Spratt. From the earliest days of rebellion against British authority, Mecklenburg had been a hotbed of revolutionary fervor, and the Polk family was very active in this cause. William's father was commander of the local militia, a rumored key player in adoption of the Mecklenburg Resolves of May 31, 1775, and later colonel of the 4th North Carolina Regiment, Continental Line. Following their father's example, three of Thomas Polk's sons served as officers in the war against the British. One, Thomas, was killed in action serving alongside his brother William at the Battle of Eutaw Springs.
American Revolutionary War.
Lieutenant-Colonels Polk and Middleton were no less conspicuous for their good conduct than their intrepidity, and the troops under their command gave a specimen of what may be expected from men naturally brave when improved by proper discipline.
Life After the Revolution.
Politician, Public Servant, and Prominent Citizen.
In 1783 the North Carolina General Assembly appointed Polk Surveyor General of the Middle District, now a part of Tennessee. In this capacity Polk acquired large tracts of land in the area. Twice he was elected to the House of Commons before returning in 1786 to his native Mecklenburg County, where he was re-elected to the House of Commons in 1787, served a one-year term and was re-elected in 1790. He was a candidate for Speaker of the House in 1791, but was defeated by Stephen Cabarrus. That March President Washington appointed him Supervisor of Internal Revenue for the District of North Carolina, a position he held for seventeen years, or until the Internal Revenue Laws were repealed.
Polk was among the Continental Army officers who founded the North Carolina Society of the Cincinnati on October 23, 1783.
After the death of his first wife in 1799, he moved to property on Blount Street in Raleigh. In December of that year he was elected Grand Master of Masons of North Carolina and served in that office until December 1802.
Federalists in the state legislature nominated him for governor in 1802, but by a two-to-one margin he lost to John Baptista Ashe, a fellow officer in the Revolution. Ashe died before taking office.
Polk became the first president of the State Bank of North Carolina in 1811 and held that office for eight years.
In March 1812, as war with Britain seemed imminent, President Madison offered Polk a commission as brigadier in the U.S. Army. A Federalist and opponent of the war, he declined the offer. Not until August 1814 when the British sacked Washington did he recant his opposition to the war. Writing his brother-in-law William Hawkins, governor of North Carolina, he offered his services to the state in whatever capacity the governor saw fit. Inasmuch as North Carolina was not seriously threatened, he was not called upon.
In June 1818 Polk became one of the first vice presidents of Raleigh Auxiliary of the American Colonization Society and remained active in the group for many years.
The Federalists again nominated him for governor in 1814, and again he was defeated.
Canova's Washington.
After the War of 1812 the North Carolina legislature commissioned the celebrated sculptor Antonio Canova of Venice, Italy, to produce a statue of Washington for the Statehouse. On Christmas Eve 1821 it arrived in Raleigh and was met with great fanfare, including a 24-gun salute, marching bands, and a parade of both houses of the legislature and the governor. In last position, just ahead of the statue, were veterans of the Revolution, with Polk bearing the Stars and Stripes. The Capitol building burned in June 1831 and the statue was destroyed. An accurate copy was produced in recent years from molds of the original, which were preserved in Italy, and stands in the rotunda of the old Capitol building.
Lafayette's Visit to Raleigh.
Lafayette visited Raleigh in March 1825 as part of his Grand Tour and Colonel Polk was appointed to give an address on the occasion. Upon the completion of his speech, Polk and Lafayette embraced and wept at the memory of the dangers and hardships they had shared. Lafayette attended various balls, dinners, and other events, including breakfast at Colonel Polk's home on the morning of March 3.
Service to education.
Polk was made a trustee of the University of North Carolina in 1790 and served until his death, including a term as president of the trustees from 1802-1805. Among other educational efforts, he founded a school for sixteen pupils in Raleigh in 1827 and assisted his wife Sarah in founding a school for poor children in 1822.
Marriages.
In October 1789 Polk married Grizelda Gilchrist, a granddaughter of a former colonial attorney general of North Carolina. She was born in Suffolk, Virginia, on October 24, 1768. The couple had two children, Thomas Gilchrist Polk, born February 22, 1791, and William Julius Polk, born March 21, 1793. Grizelda Polk died in 1799.
Polk remarried on New Year's Day 1801 Sarah Hawkins, whose brother William later became governor of North Carolina. Sarah bore thirteen children, two of whom died in infancy.
Death.
Polk died on January 14, 1834, at his home in Raleigh.
His obituary in the January 21, 1834, issue of the "Raleigh Register" contained the following:
Colonel Polk was at his death the sole surviving field officer of the North Carolina Line; and it will be no disparagement to the illustrious dead to say that no one of his compatriots manifested deeper or more ardent devotion to the cause of his country; that in her service no officer more gallantly exposed his life or more cheerfully endured privation and suffering, and that no one of his rank in the army contributed more by his personal services to bring that glorious contest to a successful end.
Legacy.
David Swain, the governor of North Carolina at the time of Polk’s death, said:
He was a contemporary and personal friend of Andrew Jackson, not less heroic in war, and quite as sagacious, and more successful in private life. It is known that Colonel Polk greatly advanced the interests and enhanced the wealth of the hero of New Orleans by information furnished him from his field notes as a surveyor, and in directing Jackson in his selection of valuable tracts of land in the State of Tennessee; that to Samuel Polk, the father of the President (James K. Polk), he gave the agency of renting and selling his (William’s) immense and valuable estate in lands in the most fertile section of that state; that as President of the Bank of North Carolina, he made Jacob Johnson, the father of President Andrew Johnson, its first porter; so that of the three native North Carolinians who entered the White House through the gates of Tennessee, all were indebted alike for the benefactions, and for promotion to a more favorable position in life, to the same individual, Colonel William Polk.

</doc>
<doc id="19052866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052866" title="How Many Times Can We Say Goodbye">
How Many Times Can We Say Goodbye

How Many Times Must We Say Goodbye is an out-of-print album recorded by Dionne Warwick, her fifth for the Arista label. It was recorded during the spring of 1983 and was released that fall. The LP was originally issued as number AL 8-8104 in the Arista Catalog. Despite strong reviews, it was a commercial disappointment, stalling at number 83 on "Billboard"'s album chart.
History.
The album was produced by R&B singer-songwriter Luther Vandross and included the hit title track, which was a duet with Vandross. The title track was also featured on Vandross' own "Busy Body" album. The album includes the original version of the song "So Amazing", which Vandross would record later for his "Give Me the Reason" album.

</doc>
<doc id="19052873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052873" title="Augustine Matthews">
Augustine Matthews

Augustine Matthews (fl. 1615 – 1637) was a printer in London in the Jacobean and Caroline eras. Among a wide variety of other work, Matthews printed notable texts in English Renaissance drama.
Matthews became a freedman (a full member) of the Stationers Company on 9 May 1615. By 1619 he was established in his own business (in Cow Lane), and for the next two decades he produced a range of literature for many of the booksellers of his generation.
In the field of drama, Matthews printed these editions of these plays:
In the standard practice in his era, Matthews the printer generally worked for booksellers functioning as publishers. Matthews printed the second quarto of "Othello" for stationer Richard Hawkins; he printed the 1622 third edition of "The Troublesome Reign" for Thomas Dewes — a controversial text, since its title page attributed that play to Shakespeare. The 1635 fourth edition of "The Scornful Lady" was a rare instance in which Matthews acted as both printer and publisher.
Printers in Matthews's era were sometimes identified by name, sometimes by initials, and sometimes not at all. Bibliographers have worked to assign responsibility for specific texts to specific printers. Matthews is thought to have been one of the London printers, along with Edward Allde and Nicholas Okes, who produced the early quartos of Middleton's "A Game at Chess".
Matthews printed a wide range of work beyond the confines of drama. He was an important printer of the works of John Donne, and printed some of the work of the poet George Wither. In 1621 he printed the first edition of Lady Mary Wroth's controversial "Urania" for John Marriot and John Grismand. (The project was a rush job; the text ends in the middle of a sentence.) He also printed items in the religious literature that was so abundant in the early seventeenth century. Two examples: Matthews printed a pair of collections of Thomas Adams's sermons, "The Soldier's Honour" (1629) and "Erienopolis, the City of Peace" (1630), both for John Grismand. 
As was common for printers and booksellers of his historical period, Matthews had recurring problems with the authorities. In 1629, he, Nathaniel Butter, and two others were accused of publishing unlicensed books. At other times in his career, Matthews got into trouble for running too many presses, and for having too many apprentices.

</doc>
<doc id="19052886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052886" title="Shentel Stadium">
Shentel Stadium

Shentel Stadium is a 3,000-seat stadium in Winchester, Virginia where it serves as home to the football team of Shenandoah University.
Built in 2001 the stadium's name comes from a sponsorship agreement with Shenandoah Telecommunications Company (or Shentel).
It is home to the 2004, 2005 USA South Conference Football Champions. It is also home to the men's and women's soccer teams along with the men's and women's lacrosse teams. The stadium's field is an artificial playing surface. 

</doc>
<doc id="19052889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052889" title="Zulu Records">
Zulu Records

Zulu Records is a Canadian record store, based in Vancouver, British Columbia, that sells new and used CDs, LPs, 45s, turntables and concert tickets and is currently located at 1972 and 1976 West 4th Avenue. One of the most famous independent record stores in Canada, Zulu was a finalist in CBC Radio 3's "Searchlight" contest to name Canada's best record store.
Zulu frequently hosts free in-store performances which have included Julie Doiron, Billy Bragg, Dean Wareham, Chad Vangaalen, The XX, Kurt Vile, Lou Barlow, Kid Koala, Jay Reatard, Grouper, José González, Superchunk, Hawksley Workman, The War on Drugs, Rodriguez, Jonathan Richman, Yo La Tengo and Frog Eyes among others.
In 2011, Zulu Records began selling DVDs and Blu-rays in partnership with Videomatica video store. 
Zulu Records has often been called the birthplace of the indie rock genre "Cuddlecore" as the term was coined by long term employee and local indie music hero Nicolas Bragg, best known for his work as a guitarist in the Vancouver rock group Destroyer. In addition to Bragg, Zulu has housed many employees who have played in legendary Vancouver bands. These include: Cub, The Christa Min, The Nasty On, The Cinch, Anemones, The Book of Lists, Weed, Ali Milner, Fuck Me USA, The Shilohs, Victoria, Victoria!, Leviathans, Cowards, Womankind, Pink Mountaintops, Baron Samedi, Connecticut, Magneticring, Blaise Pascal, The Cinch, Blues Crab, Old Mutton and others.
In the early 2000s, Zulu employees formed a super-group amongst themselves known as The Countless Jibes. The band is best remembered for their multitude of members (often up to ten), multiple guitar attack and such classic rock gems as "Jibes Alright", "Jibes'll Ride" and "Going For Dead". Throughout the years they have shared the stage with many successful bands including Mudhoney, The Decemberists and The Walkmen. Unfortunately due to the vacation of key members from the city, most notably lead vocalist Jason Grimmer and bassist Steven Balogh, the Jibes disbanded in late 2008. Talks of a reunion have occurred in passing but no plans have been made yet.
In 2011 Zulu celebrated 30 years in business.
Record label.
The store also previously operated its own independent record label, releasing albums by Vancouver artists such as Bob's Your Uncle, Sook-Yin Lee, Slow,and Nomeansno as well as compilations by The Pointed Sticks, Young Canadians and The Modernettes.

</doc>
<doc id="19052915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052915" title="Ozette Indian Village Archeological Site">
Ozette Indian Village Archeological Site

The Ozette Indian Village Archeological Site is the site of an archaeological excavation at Ozette on the Olympic Peninsula near Neah Bay, Washington, USA. The site was a village occupied by the Makah people until a mudslide inundated the site around the year 1750.
History.
Around 1560 (according to radiocarbon dating), a mudslide engulfed part of a Makah village near Lake Ozette. Archaeological test pits were excavated at the Ozette site in 1966 and 1967 by Richard Daugherty. However, it was not until 1970 that it became apparent what was buried there. After a storm in February 1970, tidal erosion exposed hundreds of well preserved wooden artifacts. The excavation of the Ozette site began shortly after. University students worked with the Makah under the direction of archaeologists using pressurized water to remove mud from six buried long houses. The excavation went on for 11 years and produced over 55,000 artifacts, many of which are on display in the Makah Museum at the Makah Cultural and Research Center.
The mudslide preserved several houses and their contents in a collapsed state until the 1970s when they were excavated by Makahs and archaeologists from Washington State University. More than 55,000 artifacts were recovered, spanning a period of occupation around 2,000 years, representing many activities of the Makahs, from whale and seal hunting to salmon and halibut fishing; from toys and games to bows and arrows. Of the artifacts recovered, roughly 30,000 were made of wood, extraordinary in that wood generally decays particularly fast. Hundreds of knives were recovered, with blade materials ranging from mussel shell, to sharpened beaver teeth, and iron, presumed to have drifted from Asia on wrecked ships. The oral history of the Makah mentions a "great slide" which engulfed a portion of Ozette long ago.
The Makah Museum opened in 1979 and displays replicas of cedar long houses as well as whaling, fishing, and sealing canoes.
Ozette was occupied prior to frequent European visitation. It was therefore in existence before smallpox and other foreign diseases decimated the population. Since the mudslide buried the village and houses so rapidly, Ozette provides good preservation of what a society looked like as it was before abandonment or after looting.
Sources.
Archaeology of Native North America, 2010, Dean R. Snow, Prentice-Hall, New York. pp. 292-293

</doc>
<doc id="19052946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052946" title="Connecticut Huskies softball">
Connecticut Huskies softball

The UConn Huskies is the varsity softball team sponsored by the University of Connecticut. The team was founded in the spring of the 1974-1975 academic school year, and is a member of the American Athletic Conference (The American). In its inaugural season the UConn Huskies compiled a 4-4 overall record. 
History.
The team had a solid amount of success up until becoming an affiliated member of the Big East Conference by participating in the conference tournament in 1990 by compiling a won-loss-tied record of 284-129-3 (.683 winning percentage). During the first two years of being a member of the Big East UConn compiled a record of 69-27-1 (.711 winning percentage). Big East "Round-Robin" play began in 1992. From 1992 until a massive league overhaul that added the University of Louisville, De Paul University, and the University of South Florida to the league slate.
In 2006 the Huskies continued a tradition of excellence by recording a record of 416-295-2 (.583 winning percentage) and a record of 159-80 (.665 winning percentage). From 2006 through the end of the 2008 season the Huskies posted a record of 69-72 (.489 winning percentage) and a conference mark of 29-30 (.492 winning percentage).
The Huskies have also had a great run of postseason success. They won 7 Big East Conference Tournament Championships (1990–1993, 1995–1996, 2001) and 8 Big East Regular Season Championships (1990–1997). After a 5 year hiatus from the Big East Tournament the Huskies qualified for the 2007 tournament as the number 5 seed setting up a matchup with the 4 seed Notre Dame where UConn fell by a final score of 6-0. They made it two appearances in a row with a strong showing at the 2008 tournament as the number 3 seed. After defeating the 6 seed Syracuse by a count of 6-5 (9 innings) they made it to the semi-finals for the first time since 2001 where they met eventual champion De Paul and fell by a count of 4-3.
The current Head Coach of the Huskies is Karen Mullins. She is entering her 26th season at the helm for the approaching 2009 season and owns a career record of 743-472-5 and a record of 733-462-5 at UConn. Currently the all-time record holder for career home runs is a member of the 2009 team. Micah Truax, a senior, with 25 home runs, is UConn’s all-time career leader surpassing the former mark of 20 set by current Huskies Assistant Coach Andrea D’Innocenzo.

</doc>
<doc id="19052982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052982" title="And Then Tomorrow Came">
And Then Tomorrow Came

...And Then Tomorrow Came is the third album from Muph & Plutonic and was released in July 2008.
It was listed as Triple J's feature album for the week of its release.
The album was also nominated for 'Best Urban Release' at the 2008 ARIA awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19052987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052987" title="Finder of Lost Loves (album)">
Finder of Lost Loves (album)

Finder of Lost Loves is an out of print album recorded by Dionne Warwick, her sixth for the Arista label. It was recorded during 1984 and was released in early 1985. The album peaked at #106 on "Billboard"'s album chart. The LP was originally issued as number AL8-8262 in the Arista Catalog.
History.
The album reunited Warwick with Burt Bacharach for the first time in over a decade (Bacharach and then wife Carole Bayer Sager co-wrote the title track for the short-lived, Aaron Spelling-produced television program "Finder of Lost Loves"). The album included duets with Barry Manilow, Stevie Wonder, and Glenn Jones. The albums includes a cover of the Bee Gees song "Run to Me".

</doc>
<doc id="19052999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19052999" title="Czech Republic national futsal team">
Czech Republic national futsal team

The Czech Republic national futsal team is the national futsal team of the Czech Republic. The team is controlled by the Football Association of the Czech Republic and affiliated with UEFA.
Players.
Current squad.
The following players were named for UEFA Futsal Euro 2014

</doc>
<doc id="19053004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053004" title="Joseph Solomito">
Joseph Solomito

Joseph "Joe" Solomito is an American television director and Executive Producer.
Awards and nominations.
Solomito has been nominated for five Daytime Emmy awards in the category Outstanding Achievement in Technical Excellence for a Daytime Drama Series, for his work on "All My Children". He was nominated in 1980, 1981, and 1982, and won all three awards. His first win was shared with Howard Zweig, Lawrence Hammond, Robert Ambrico, Diane Cates-Cantrell, Christopher Mauro Larry Strack, Vincent Senatore, Albin S. Lemanski, Len Walas, Diana Wenman, Jean Dadario-Burke Roger Haenelt, John Grella, Irving Robbin, James Reichert, and Teri Smith.
Other programming produced by Solomito includes Good Morning America, Watergate Hearings, political conventions and Wide World of Sports, including, Monday Night Football, US Open and Olympic coverage.

</doc>
<doc id="19053021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053021" title="Johnnie Barnes">
Johnnie Barnes

Johnnie Darnell Barnes (born July 21, 1968) is a retired American football player who played four seasons in the National Football League.
Barnes attended Hampton University in Hampton, Virginia. He was selected in the ninth round of the 1992 NFL Draft by the San Diego Chargers, for whom he played three seasons. He then spent one season with the Pittsburgh Steelers. Following his NFL career, Barnes played for the Amsterdam Admirals of NFL Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19053050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053050" title="Conaway Run Lake Wildlife Management Area">
Conaway Run Lake Wildlife Management Area

Conaway Run Lake Wildlife Management Area is located on in Tyler County near Middlebourne, West Virginia. Mixed hardwoods forests and brush cover much of the hillsides surrounding the 30-acre (12 ha) Conaway Run Lake. Conaway Run Lake WMA can be reached on Conaway Run Road off of State Route 18, about south of Middlebourne.
Hunting, Fishing and Trapping.
Hunting opportunities include deer, grouse, squirrel and turkey. Conaway Run Lake provides fishing opportunities for largemouth bass, bluegill and channel catfish, as well as stocked trout. The lake is equipped with two small boat ramps and a handicapped fishing pier. Trappers have the opportunity to pursue beaver, muskrat, raccoon, mink or fox.
A shooting range is available for gun enthusiasts. Rustic camping sites are available (for a small fee) for tents and small trailers.

</doc>
<doc id="19053076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053076" title="2000 Summer Paralympics medal table">
2000 Summer Paralympics medal table

The medal table of the 2000 Summer Paralympics ranks the participating National Paralympic Committees (NPCs) by the number of gold medals won by their athletes during the competition. This was the eleventh Summer Paralympic Games, a quadrennial competition open to athletes with physical and intellectual disabilities. The Games were held in Sydney, Australia, from October 18 to October 29, 2000, the first time they had been held in the southern hemisphere. With 3,843 athletes taking part in the 18 sports on the programme, the Games were the second largest sporting event ever held in Australia. The location and facilities were shared with the largest event, the 2000 Summer Olympics, which concluded on 1 October. The Games set records for athlete and country participation, tickets sold, hits to the official Games website, and medals on offer.
A record of 122 countries (or 123 delegations including independent athletes from Timor-Leste) participated; 68 countries won medals, of which seven won a medal for the first time. A total of 1,657 medals were awarded during the Sydney games: 550 gold, 549 silver, and 558 bronze. Among these performances, over 300 world and Paralympic records were set. The host country, Australia, topped the table with more golds and more medals overall than any other nation, and achieved its record medal count. Great Britain won the most silvers, with 43, and tied Australia for the most bronzes, with 47. The medals were designed by the royal goldsmith and jeweller Stuart Devlin. They feature the Sydney Harbour Bridge and Opera House, surrounded by the Games arenas. The reverse face shows the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) and the Sydney Paralympic Organising Committee logos.
There were numerous athletes who contributed multiple medals to their national tally. In the pool these included Béatrice Hess of France who won seven golds, Mayumi Narita of Japan who won six golds and a silver, Siobhan Paton of Australia who won six golds in individual events, and Stéphanie Dixon of Canada and Hong Yan Zhu of China who each won five golds. On the track Tim Sullivan of Australia won five golds, and Tanni Grey-Thompson of Great Britain won four.
Medal table.
The ranking in this table is based on information provided by the IPC and is consistent with IPC convention in its published medal tables. By default, the table is ordered by the number of gold medals the athletes from a nation have won (in this context, a "nation" is an entity represented by a National Paralympic Committee). The number of silver medals is taken into consideration next and then the number of bronze medals. If nations are still tied, equal ranking is given and they are listed alphabetically by IPC country code.
With a few exceptions, each event contributed one medal of each type to the table (although for team events, multiple physical medals were actually awarded). All judo events awarded two bronze medals, one to each of the losing semi-finalists. The men's 100 m backstroke S8 event awarded two golds to equal winners. In the intellectual disability basketball event, although three medals were initially awarded, the gold was later stripped from the Spanish team due to a disqualification for cheating.
"To sort this table by nation, total medal count, or any other column, click on the icon next to the column title."

</doc>
<doc id="19053149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053149" title="Spurius bicornis">
Spurius bicornis

Spurius bicornis is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19053190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053190" title="Anne Francine">
Anne Francine

Anne Francine (August 8, 1917 – December 3, 1999) was an American actress and cabaret singer. She is well known for her role as villain Flora Simpson Reilly in the American television series "Harper Valley PTA".
Biography.
Francine began performing as a cabaret singer in the 1930s at the Coq Rouge. Other notable engagements included the Copacabana and the Algonquin. She sang abroad in London and Paris in the 1940s.
She made her Broadway debut in 1954 with Shirley Booth in "By the Beautiful Sea". She stepped in for Bea Arthur as Vera Charles in the 1966 Broadway production of "Mame", starring Angela Lansbury. She and Lansbury reprised their characters in the 1983 revival. Francine last appeared on Broadway in 1987 as Mrs. Harcourt in the Lincoln Center revival of "Anything Goes", starring Patti LuPone.
In 1979, she starred as the Queen in the musical adaption of the 1937 animated film "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs".
Her film work included "Savages", "Crocodile Dundee" and Fellini's "Juliet of the Spirits".

</doc>
<doc id="19053191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053191" title="Qaramurad">
Qaramurad

Qaramurad or Karamurad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19053220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053220" title="Arky Michael">
Arky Michael

Arky Michael is an Australian actor and writer, who is best known for his role as Fulvio Frangellomini in the television drama series Rafferty's Rules.
Arky also had a starring role in the television series Sweet and Sour and many guest roles on television series such as A Country Practice, Wildside, Water Rats, Grass Roots, Mother and Son and All Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="19053221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053221" title="Cross and Sword">
Cross and Sword

Cross and Sword is a 1965 play by American playwright Paul Green. It is Florida's official state play, having received the designation by the Florida Senate in 1973. It was performed during the summer in St. Augustine for more than 30 years, closing in 1996.
Beginning.
The Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Paul Green created a play in 1937 about Walter Raleigh's Roanoke Colony entitled "Lost Colony". It was written as a "symphonic drama" blending music, dance, pantomime, and poetic dialogue into a larger-than-life historical play. In 1965 Green was commissioned to write a play commemorating the 400th anniversary of the founding of St. Augustine.
Professional interest.
Actor Richard Boone moved to St. Augustine from Hawaii in 1970, and worked with the production when he was not acting on television or in movies, until his death in 1981. In the last year of his life, Boone was appointed Florida's cultural ambassador. During the 1970s, he wrote a newspaper column for the "St. Augustine Record" called, "It Seems To Me". He also gave acting lectures at Flagler College in 1972-1973.
End.
Production for "Cross and Sword", with its large cast and elaborate costumes and props, was expensive. For many years, costs were partially subsidized by the state. However, changes to state rules led to a decrease in funding. Faced with a decreased budget and an aging theater in need of renovation, "Cross and Sword" lobbied for $27,000 from the state Division of Cultural Affairs in 1997, but the proposal was rejected. After the 1996 season, the production closed its doors. In 2002, St. Johns County acquired and renovated the amphitheater, turning it into a concert venue.

</doc>
<doc id="19053233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053233" title="Life Goes On EP">
Life Goes On EP

Life Goes On EP is the third recording by the B.E. Taylor Group with the following songs. It was released by "First String Records Inc." 
Track Listing.
Side One
Side Two
Personnel.
Produced by Rick Witkowski and Joe Macre
Recorded at Beachwood Studios, Cleveland, Ohio
Source: Record Album Cover.

</doc>
<doc id="19053253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053253" title="Alatəmir">
Alatəmir

Alatəmir or Alatemur or Alatemir or Alateymur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19053254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053254" title="Verres corticicola">
Verres corticicola

Verres corticicola is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19053275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053275" title="FDA Preemption">
FDA Preemption

FDA Preemption is the legal theory in the United States that exempts product manufacturers from tort claims regarding Food and Drug Administration approved products. FDA Preemption has been a highly contentious issue. In general, consumer groups are against it while the FDA and pharmaceutical manufacturers are in favor of it, arguing that the FDA should set both the floor and the ceiling for drug regulation. Michigan is the only state that voluntarily applies FDA Preemption to its own state tort law through a regulatory compliance defense, although Michigan's law has been controversial and efforts to repeal it are underway.

</doc>
<doc id="19053291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053291" title="Karen Freeman-Wilson">
Karen Freeman-Wilson

Karen Freeman-Wilson (born October 24, 1960) is an American attorney, former judge, former Indiana Attorney General, and current Mayor of Gary, Indiana.
Early life and education.
Freeman-Wilson was born in Gary, Indiana, and is a graduate of Harvard Law School.
Judge and Attorney General.
She served as a presiding judge of the Gary City Court from 1995 to 2000. In 2000, she was appointed Indiana Attorney General by Governor Frank O'Bannon to serve the remaining eleven months of the term of Jeff Modisett, who resigned to become Deputy CEO and General Counsel to the Democratic National Convention.
As the incumbent, Freeman-Wilson ran for Indiana Attorney General in 2000 but lost to Republican Steve Carter.
State auditors later found that the former Attorney General Freeman-Wilson issued more than $700,000 in grants without approval from the Governor and various agencies during her eleven months in office. The Indiana State Board of Accounts discovered this when it filed the annual audit of this office in 2001. The State Board found that Freeman-Wilson issued grants from the $1.39 million payment Indiana received for work on the national tobacco settlement. A $500,000 grant to the Indiana Minority Health Coalition was also issued without approval from the Governor and agencies under his control. Freeman-Wilson acknowledged, "mistakes were made." She stated to the Indianapolis Star, "I'm not going to criticize Mr. Carter and I don't think he should criticize me." Attorney General Carter responded, "We can only clean up the office from this point forward."
After leaving office, Freeman-Wilson went on to become CEO of the nonprofit National Association of Drug Court Professionals. While there she helped get a trial of Prometa, a treatment for methamphetamine addiction, launched in the Gary drug court. In July 2007, Hythiam Inc., the company licensing the Prometa protocol, named Freeman-Wilson to its board of directors. Other executive posts held by Freeman-Wilson include Executive Director of the National Drug Court Institute and director of the Indiana Civil Rights Commission.
Legal Counsel: Gary Urban Enterprise Association.
Freeman-Wilson served as legal counsel to the Gary Urban Enterprise Association from 1995 to 2006.
Mayor of Gary.
In April 2011, Rudy Clay announced he was ending his re-election campaign due to prostate cancer, endorsing Karen Freeman-Wilson as his successor. Rudy Clay asked his supporters to vote for Freeman-Wilson. In May 2011, Freeman-Wilson won the Democratic mayoral primary for the city of Gary. She had previously run in both 2003 and 2007, losing to Scott L. King and Rudy Clay respectively. Given the political nature of Gary she was considered a heavy favorite in the general election. She won the election with a landslide 87 percent of the vote. She became the city's first female mayor.
Freeman-Wilson and her "New Day" Transition Team developed a Blueprint for Gary. Under her axiom, "Karen for Gary," promises were made to improve public safety, economic development, and the city's appearance and image.

</doc>
<doc id="19053305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053305" title="Bəhmənli">
Bəhmənli

Bəhmənli or Bekhmenli or Bekhmanli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19053363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053363" title="Bethany Joy Lenz discography">
Bethany Joy Lenz discography

This is the discography of Bethany Joy Lenz, an American singer documenting albums, singles and music videos released by Lenz. Since her exit from Guiding Light she has completed a demo of original music and continues to do so. Her latest album "Your Woman", was first sold on October 19th and 20th at One Tree Hill Convention 2013 - From Wilmington to Paris. December 2nd 2013, she tweeted "500 Autographed Limited Edition CDs of "Your Woman" are on sale NOW!" She sold them on Etsy under WishYouWereHereShop (that is still available, Dec 4th), as a first edition release as a collectors item. And later in 2014, a second edition will be available on iTunes that will be very different.
Preincarnate.
Preincarnate is a limited edition album released by Bethany Joy Lenz. In 2002 Lenz released her first album featuring eight original tracks, all performed and written by Lenz. This album is no longer available for purchase and distribution.
Come on Home.
Come on Home is the second studio album released by Bethany Joy Lenz that features five tracks performed by Lenz. Included on Lenz's second studio album is a cover titled "Leaving Town Alive" originally performed and written by Pancho's Lament (the alter-ego of New York based songwriter/producer Jeff Cohen). The four remaining songs included in this album are written by Lenz.
The Starter Kit.
The Starter Kit was to make Lenz's Epic Records debut with the release of her full-length album in early 2006, but was dropped due to changes behind the label, and they didn't want to go for that kind of music. In the studio with producer Ron Aniello (Lifehouse, Guster, Barenaked Ladies), Lenz worked to create original material.
Bethany Joy Lenz released her full length version of "Shiver" for the water in Kenya! Go and donate! More info on Bethany's Official Blog
Mission Bell.
Mission Bell - EP is their first EP. Everly was a girl group composed of "One Tree Hill" actress Bethany Joy Lenz and her music partner and friend Amber Sweeney who teamed up and released their debut EP entitled "Mission Bell", an eclectic mix of country, folk and pop rock sounds. Their EP features three original tracks, all performed and written by Lenz and Sweeney. "Home is Me - You are Mine" is dedicated to their troops overseas. All four 50's songs was later listed on the EP after they featured on One Tree Hill, is performed only by Bethany Joy Lenz.
The hard case was sold on April 4th 2009 at Tin Pan South in Nashville, TN. By Everly themselves.
Fireside.
Fireside - EP is an acoustic Holiday EP released by Everly on iTunes and cdbaby.com, 17th December 2009, since their favorite holiday is Christmas. They got in studio and played through all the songs once, as in a live performance. They also sang O Holy Night for a special holiday One Tree Hill intersession.
A year later a physical CD was available for purchase.
B Tracks.
B Tracks: Full Collection by Everly. There are three volumes released (only on iTunes and cdbaby.com), all of them played in "One Tree Hill" the day they appeared in iTunes Store. The "B Tracks" are currently two singles and one EP, released from September 2009 to January 2010. Later all B Tracks merged into one EP.
Vol. 1 - Single
Released September 14, 2009.
Vol. 2 - Single
Released November 9, 2009.
Vol. 3 - EP
Released January 18, 2010.
Then Slowly Grows.
Then Slowly Grows is the fourth studio album, (but the third that is released due to the issues that came with her third, "The Starter Kit") released by Bethany Joy Lenz that features nine tracks performed by Lenz. Included on Lenz's fourth studio album is two cover's titled "Blue Sky" and "Queen of Wishful Thinking", (King of Wishful Thinking, that was one of her live performances from One Tree Hill Tour in 2005). The seven remaining songs included in this album are written by Lenz. Although "Shiver" is co-written with Ron Aniello and "Anybody Else" is co-written with Ron Aniello and Jason Wade.
It has been a real joy for all her fans worldwide to finally get some of her songs from "The Starter Kit" album, that never got released.
Like a little different "Shiver", "Never Gonna Be (C'mon C'mon)" that has been renamed to "Anybody Else", "Desperate Gown" and "Blue Sky", and new records of the rest.
Also with a new country oldish song, "One Man to Love" that shows her close, raw voice.
The album was released during Rock the Schools Concert and portion of the proceeds will benefit the Fender Music Foundation and to the destruction and victims of hurricane Sandy.
The CD's were damaged and the manufacturer refused to burn new disc's and send them out, but they made another link for a digital download purchase here.
Your Woman.
Your Woman is the fifth studio album, but kind of also her first full-length album. It's a little bit classic country, a little bit indie rock and a little bit 60's soul pop. All songs are written by Lenz, except "Blue Moon and Fireworks" which is written by Jeff Cohen, Matreca Berg & Kristian Bush. Though these song are co-written: "Wicked Calamity Jane", "Father Knows Best" and "Your Woman" with Jeff Cohen and "Early Water" with Jeff Cohen & Wes Ramsey (from The Guiding Light, Charmed, CSI: Miami, Venice the Series).
It was due to be independent released by Lenz on her Official Blog. During the waiting time, Lenz sold hard cases first at the One Tree Hill Convention - From Wilmington to Paris. 19th and 20th October, 2013.
But instead of a digital release, Lenz later sold 500 Autographed First Editions of the CD on Etsy under WishYouWereHereShop, as a collectors item. And offered bonus items for some randomly buyers like, signed OTH cast photo, mini autographed holiday photo card, autographed DVD sets, handwritten thank you cards and more.. (There are still more CD's available - Dec 4th)
The second edition will go up later in 2014 on iTunes and will be different. Several of the songs available on the "Collectors Edition" may not be added to the 2014 digital release.

</doc>
<doc id="19053365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053365" title="Yarmouth County Museum &amp; Archives">
Yarmouth County Museum &amp; Archives

The Yarmouth County Museum & Archives is a museum located in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia exploring the history of Yarmouth County. Located in the heart of Yarmouth's heritage residential district, the museum is housed in a former church as well as two historic houses. It also operates a summer display in the restored Killam Brothers Shipping Office on the Yarmouth waterfront.
History.
The Museum began in 1935 with the creation of the Yarmouth County Historical Society. It opened its doors at the current location in 1958.
Collection.
The museum has the 3rd largest collection of marine paintings in all of Canada and the largest community archives in Nova Scotia. The Museum has won numerous awards for exceptional museum and archival work. The Yarmouth County Museum (c. 1892-3) is on the Canadian Register of Historic Places.
A circular, metal plaque in the Museum collection was constructed by the Canadian Bank of Commerce in memory of its employees who served during the First World War. The plaque was found in the Home Life Building, which had formerly been the Yarmouth branch of the Bank of Commerce Building.

</doc>
<doc id="19053366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053366" title="1964 Shell Le Mans 6 Hour Race">
1964 Shell Le Mans 6 Hour Race

The 1964 Shell Le Mans 6 Hour Race was an endurance motor race open to Sports Cars and Touring Cars. The event was held at the Caversham circuit in Western Australia on the Foundation Day Holiday Monday, 1 June 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="19053380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053380" title="Munir Sheikh">
Munir Sheikh

Munir A. Sheikh, Ph.D., (born September 1947) is a Canadian public servant, economist, academic and the former Chief Statistician of Canada. He is currently a Distinguished Fellow and Adjunct Professor at Queen's University. On November 30, 2010, the provincial government appointed Sheikh and Frances Lankin to lead the Commission for the Review of Social Assistance in Ontario. They are expected to issue their final report in June 2012
Early career.
Born in Pakistan in 1947, Sheikh received a Master of Arts in economics from McMaster University in 1970, and earned his doctorate in economics from the University of Western Ontario in 1973. He is married with 3 children.
Sheikh began his public service career as an economist with the Economic Council of Canada from 1972 to 1976. After a brief stint with the National Energy Board between 1976 and 1978, he joined the Department of Finance and rose to the rank of Senior Assistant Deputy Minister in 2000.
Between 2001 and 2006, he held senior positions with Health Canada, the Privy Council Office and Human Resources and Social Development Canada. He has also taught at the University of Ottawa and Carleton University. Later in his career, Sheikh oversaw a $100-billion tax-reduction policy and helped craft the 2005 budget. He was praised by a former colleague as "the best economist in the federal government." 
Statistics Canada and controversial resignation.
Sheikh was appointed as the head of Statistics Canada by Prime Minister Stephen Harper. He officially became the Chief Statistician of Canada on June 16, 2008, replacing Ivan Fellegi. 
On July 21, 2010, Sheikh resigned from that post, following a controversy resulting from the Conservative government's decision to no longer require mandatory completion of the Canada 2011 Census long form. The decision has been heavily criticised; opponents have argued that the decision was politically motivated and that it will compromise the value of census data.
Following his resignation, in a public letter, Sheikh expressed his disapproval of the government's decision, writing: 
Industry Minister Tony Clement has stated that the change to voluntary forms was made because of privacy-related complaints, though he acknowledged that the decision was made without consultations with governments that rely on the census data. Media reports claiming Clement had said that this change was made on the advice of Statistics Canada were later shown to be incorrect, although this did not change Mr. Sheikh's decision to resign, as he felt the mere perception StatsCan supported the decision was cause for resignation. Emails and a speech prepared by Sheikh, which have subsequently been released, demonstrate that Sheikh had always been opposed to the decision. It appeared that the government had misrepresented his position. In an interview with the CBC he stated that the government has tried to make it "quite clear that it was my view that the quality of the data from the voluntary survey would be as good as data from the mandatory census, which isn't what I believed in." Clement has denied allegations that he misrepresented Sheikh's position in relation to the change.

</doc>
<doc id="19053388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053388" title="Gould Street Generating Station">
Gould Street Generating Station

The Gould Street Generating Station is a 100 MW electric generating plant operated by Constellation Energy that is located on Gould Street in south Baltimore, Maryland. The plant is adjacent to an elevated section of freeway I-95 and is south of the Riverside neighborhood and west of the Locust Point neighborhood of Baltimore. The plant site, located on the shore of the Middle Branch of the Patapsco River, has been used for the generation of electric power for over one hundred years.
Plant description.
Electric output from the Gould Street Generating Station is provided by Unit 3, which consists of a natural gas-fired boiler and steam turbine. Water from the Patapsco River is used as the heat sink of the condensor for the steam turbine. The plant also has a 250 kW emergency generator intended to be used during power outages to provide back-up power to start Unit 3.
History.
The plant site was first used to generate electricity in 1905, when the Baltimore Electric Power Company installed three 2 MW, 60 cycle, 6,600 volt generators driven by steam turbines. The electricity was then converted to direct current by motor-generator sets at an electrical substation on Sharp Street, where it was sold to customers at prices below that being offered by its competitor in the city, the Consolidated Gas Electric Light and Power Company (a predecessor company of Constellation Energy). The resulting price war resulted in destructive competition, with electricity being sold at prices lower than its cost of production. The situation was solved in 1907 by the acquisition of the assets of the Baltimore Electric Company under a 999 year lease by Consolidated Gas. The turbines and generators at the plant, not being necessary to serve the electric load at that time, were then sold and shipped to a silver mining company in Mexico.
Two replacement steam-powered 35 MW generators numbered as Units 1 and 2 were installed in a new building at the site in 1927. A boiler which burned pulverized coal provided 450 psi steam for the turbines that was superheated to . These two generators operated until they were decommissioned in 1977. 
The 100 MW generator of Unit 3, installed in 1952, was originally powered by a turbine with steam provided from a coal-fired boiler, but was later converted from coal to burn No. 6 fuel oil and natural gas. This unit was shut down in 2003 due to an equipment failure involving the steam turbine. Constellation Energy repaired the turbine, modified Unit 3 to burn natural gas only, and reactivated the plant in June 2008.
Operations.
Constellation Energy operates the Gould Street Generating Station as a peaking power plant with a capacity factor of up to 10%. As the mid-Maryland region is a summer peaking load, the majority of the plant's operating time will be during hot summer days. The Gould Street Generating Station is dispatched by the PJM Interconnection regional transmission organization.

</doc>
<doc id="19053400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053400" title="Əmili">
Əmili

Əmili or Emili or Amili may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19053459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053459" title="1962 Chatham Cup">
1962 Chatham Cup

The 1962 Chatham Cup was the 35th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with regional associations each holding separate qualifying rounds. Other teams known to have taken part in the final rounds included North Shore United, Kahukura (Rotorua), Riverina (Gisborne), Hastings City, Wanganui Athletic, and St. Andrews (Manawatu).
The 1962 final.
Hamilton Technical Old Boys became the first team from outside the four main centres to win the cup. The Northern side contained three brothers - George, John, and Phillip Little. Northern goalkeeper Jim Stephenson became the first person to play in six Chatham Cup finals, a feat which was to eventually be surpassed by Tony Sibley in 1982.
The match is regarded as the best final of the 1960s - and one of the best finals ever. George Little opened the scoring for Northern after just four minutes adding to goals he had scored in the 1958 and 1961 finals, but Paul Nevison equalised within seconds. The Hamilton side were 2-1 up after just seven minutes, with a goal by Trevor Jones. Jones added a second in the 37th minute, and the scoring was completed by a second Nevison strike seven minutes into the second period.

</doc>
<doc id="19053478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053478" title="Həmyə">
Həmyə

Həmyə or Gam’ya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19053526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053526" title="Tardive psychosis">
Tardive psychosis

Tardive psychosis is a form of psychosis distinct from schizophrenia and induced by the use of current (dopaminergic) antipsychotics by the depletion of dopamine and related to the known side effect caused by their long-term use, tardive dyskinesia. 
In addition to dopaminergic upregulation in the nigrostriatal tracts, many investigators have suggested that dopaminergic upregulation may occur in mesolimbic or mesocortical tracts, leading to a worsening of psychosis beyond the original level. This phenomenon has been called 'tardive psychosis' or 'supersensitivity psychosis'.
Tardive psychosis was researched in 1978 and 1989, and sporadic research continues. Some studies have found it to be associated with psychotic depression and potentially, dissociation. For people with any tardive conditions clozapine remains an option but since it can create blood dyscrasias, which require frequent blood work, as well as other severe side effects, it is used increasingly less in clinical practice. Although tardive psychosis continues to be studied, it still has not been established as a fact but it is known that the study classes of antipsychotics such as the NMDA receptor modulators (glutamate antagonists) in not creating tardive dyskinesia will not create this condition. Although tardive psychosis and the little understood hypothetical condition tardive dysmentia have been used by the anti-psychiatry movement as reasons why antipsychotics are too dangerous for use in clinical practice, others see the side effects as reasons for continued research and the realization of new antipsychotics that do not create them. There are also experimental treatments for tardive dyskinesia such as ondansetron, which is also being researched to treat psychosis from Parkinsons' disease, and the natural remedy rhodiola which is also being researched for Parkinson's disease and tardive dyskinesia.

</doc>
<doc id="19053539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053539" title="Lebanese nationalism">
Lebanese nationalism

Lebanese nationalism is a nationalistic ideology that considers the Lebanese people, are a distinguished nation independent from the Arab nation. It considers Lebanese sometimes a Phoenician and sometimes a Syriac people. 
This ideology has its roots in the 19th century sectarian wars in Mount Lebanon between the Maronites and Druze. It took its formalized form during the inter-war period and the French Mandate of Syria, when it served primarily as a tool in opposing Arab nationalism and in justifying the existence of the nascent country of Lebanon.
During the 20th century and the Lebanese Civil War, Lebanese nationalism was associated with the Kataeb Party and the secularist movement Guardians of the Cedars.

</doc>
<doc id="19053540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053540" title="Jalan Sungai Dua">
Jalan Sungai Dua

Jalan Sungai Dua (Penang state road ) is a major road on the mainland in Penang, Malaysia.
There is another Jalan Sungai Dua in the Gelugor vicinity on the island in Penang.

</doc>
<doc id="19053553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053553" title="Military capability">
Military capability

Military capability is defined by the Australian Defence Force as "the ability to achieve a desired effect in a specific operating environment". It is defined by three interdependent factors: combat readiness, sustainable capability and force structure. 
In terms of technologies, weapons and equipment use, it represents assets, that exist to perform specific functions in relation to requirements of the statement about present or future military operations as derived from the national defence policy (strategic). A national Capabilities Development Plan seeks to provide a global understanding of capability needs, capability trends and potential capability shortfalls.
Military capability is often referred to in terms of low, medium and high, although this usually refers to the type, quantity and sophistication of technology being used in combat operations, and the severity of threat to security of the state. 
Maintaining military capability requires modernisation of military technology, particularly prevalent in Europe since the Middle Ages due to the arms race that commenced with the introduction of artillery and later firearms into warfare.
In the European Union, capability development is approached by the Capability Directorate focusing on three primary areas:
Existing military capability in armed forces will be employed, and only minor enhancements are possible in a short conflict. The context within which the military capabilities are used such as the geography of the area of operations, the culture and demography of the enemy, and the preparedness of the opposing forces, generally can not be altered at the start of the conflict. 
It is a major part of military science to find methods of defeating the enemy with available capabilities using existing and new concepts. Successful use of military capability by employing these concepts and methods is reflected in the effects on the enemy ability to continue to resist, subject to Rules of Engagement (ROE) range of political, legal and ethical factors. Military capability is often tested in peacetime by using the scenario methodology to analyse performance, often as a war game. It is 
The military's strategic role is to advise civilian leadership on the capability of military forces to execute specific missions.
Future military capability is developed based on the analysis of experimentation and testing of existing capability performance, and future capability decisions are made based on the armed forces being able to meet the challenges of a range of possible future scenarios. This is arguably a difficult task to accomplish due to the lack of predictability about future threats, changes in defence policy, and the range of response options and their effects that a government may want as a matter of future national defence policy. 
The difference between expected and deliverable military capabilities is called the military capability gap, although the same term is also sometimes used to compare capabilities of potential future belligerents.

</doc>
<doc id="19053554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053554" title="Göyüşlü">
Göyüşlü

Göyüşlü or Gëyushlyu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19053600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053600" title="Punky Meadows">
Punky Meadows

Punky Meadows (born Edwin Lionel Meadows on February 6, 1950) is an American guitarist known for his glam image as a member of the band Angel.
Background and Early Career.
Punky Meadows grew up in Washington, D.C., the oldest of four boys, in the Barnaby Terrace neighborhood which produced guitar legends Danny Gatton, Roy Clark, and Link Wray. He attended Draper Elementary and Hart Junior High Schools, the latter where he started playing guitar in his first band, the Intruders.
The Cherry People formed in Southeast Washington, D.C. during the British Invasion of 1964 and changed their name from the Intruders to the English Setters to the Cherry People, all the while establishing themselves as the city’s hardest working and most talented band. From 1964 to 1972 the band revolved around founding members Chris Grimes (born July 17, 1948), Doug Grimes (born April 24, 1951), and Punky Meadows (born February 6, 1950), with a number of personnel changes taking place from 1972 until the band’s demise in June 1975. The Cherry People’s origins go back to the Barnaby Terrace neighborhood of Southeast Washington D.C. where original members Chris and Doug Grimes, Punky Meadows, and Larry Gray were raised on the Beatles and the early wave of the British Invasion. In 1964 these four youngsters formed their first band, the Intruders.
Later he formed the English Setters, a Beatles-sounding band that opened for the Yardbirds, Neil Diamond, and the Young Rascals, all while he was still in high school. In 1967, The English Setters changed their sound and changed their name to the Cherry People, and were later signed to a record deal by Heritage Records. Meadows himself says that the record company promoted them as a "poor man's Monkees". They toured briefly in 1968, appearing at Caesar's Palace and on American Bandstand.
Angel.
After Cherry People disbanded, Meadows and Mickie Jones formed Daddy Warbux, later BUX, which released one album. Angel formed after the two met Gregg Giuffria and then Barry Brandt and Frank Dimino, choosing the name "Angel" after the song by Jimi Hendrix, of whom Meadows was a fan.
Angel released studio albums from 1975 to 1979 and the live album Live Without a Net in 1980, and disbanded not long thereafter after not achieving mass critical or popular success. Meadows, however, both during his tenure with the band and thereafter was invited to join Kiss, Aerosmith, and the New York Dolls, all of which he turned down.
The band possessed a strong glam image that was said to be the antithesis of Kiss's, while Meadows himself became the most strongly associated with the glam persona, so much so that Frank Zappa ridiculed his trademark pout and hair in the song "Punky's Whips". Meadows, however, was "flattered" and eventually ended up onstage during a Zappa concert in his Angel costume.
While the band had (and still has) a number of fan sites, a fan of Meadows has a site devoted exclusively to him called the "Punky Meadows Shrine".
Life After Angel.
Meadows has retired from the music business, and for 13 years owned and ran a tanning salon in Oakton, VA.
Discography.
The English Setters 1965-1967.
"Tragedy b/w If She's All Right" (March 1966)
"Someday You'll See b/w It Shouldn't Happen to a Dog" (July 1966)
"Wake Up b/w She's in Love" (January 1967)
The Cherry People 1967-1972.
Albums and Singles
"The Cherry People" (1968)
"And Suddenly b/w Imagination" (1968)
"I'm The One Who Loves You b/w Gotta Get Back (To the Good Life)" (1968)
"Sea and Me b/w Come on Over" (1972)
BUX 1972-1974.
"We Came to Play" (Recorded in 1974, Released in 1976)
Angel 1974-1981.
"Angel" (1975)
"Helluva Band" (1976)
"On Earth As It Is In Heaven" (1977)
"White Hot" (1978)
"Sinful" (1979)
"Live Without a Net" (1980)
An Anthology (1992)
In the Beginning (1999) Plays lead guitar on "Hero" and "Set Me Free"

</doc>
<doc id="19053604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053604" title="1996 Summer Paralympics medal table">
1996 Summer Paralympics medal table

The 1996 Summer Paralympics medal table is a list of National Paralympic Committees (NPCs) ranked by the number of gold medals won by their athletes during the 1996 Summer Paralympics, held in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, from August 16 to August 25, 1996.
Medal table.
The ranking in this table is based on information provided by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) and is consistent with IPC convention in its published medal tables. By default, the table is ordered by the number of gold medals the athletes from a nation have won (in this context, a "nation" is an entity represented by a National Paralympic Committee). The number of silver medals is taken into consideration next and then the number of bronze medals. If nations are still tied, equal ranking is given and they are listed alphabetically by IPC country code.
"To sort this table by nation, total medal count, or any other column, click on the icon next to the column title."

</doc>
<doc id="19053623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053623" title="Careless (novel)">
Careless (novel)

Careless is a 2006 novel by Australian author Deborah Robertson. 
Dedication.
"For my brothers, Scott and Tony."

</doc>
<doc id="19053627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053627" title="Wesley Dennis">
Wesley Dennis

Wesley Dennis (born April 22, 1963 in Clanton, Alabama) is an American country music artist. A native of Alabama, Dennis previously held a job installing car windshields before he took to singing in bars. In 1995, he signed to Mercury Nashville Records, releasing a self-titled debut album, and charting three singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts. He also toured with Alan Jackson that same year.
Dennis's debut album was produced by Keith Stegall, who has also produced for Jackson, and was released on March 7, 1995 to mostly favorable reviews. "New Country" magazine critic Chris Dickinson gave it three-and-a-half stars out of five, calling him "as honestly neo-trad as they come", although he said that the tracks "This Hat Ain't No Act" and "Bubbaland" were "dime-a-gross." "USA Today" also gave a favorable review, comparing Dennis' vocals to those of Keith Whitley, but criticizing "This Hat Ain't No Act" as a "trite" song.

</doc>
<doc id="19053628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053628" title="Qəcər">
Qəcər

Qəcər or Kadzhar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19053636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053636" title="International Centre for Underutilised Crops">
International Centre for Underutilised Crops

The International Centre for Underutilised Crops (ICUC) has been an independent nonprofit scientific research institute that investigated, coordinated and supported research programmes towards increasing the productivity and use of what are termed underutilised crops—crops that have a potential to be cultivated and made useful on a significantly larger scale than they have been. Founded in 1989, the ICUC researched and promoted tropical, sub-tropical and temperate plants and plant-products, and operated in over 30 countries in a variety of partnership arrangements with international and local research groups, NGOs and private enterprises.
History.
The International Centre for Underutilised Crops was launched in 1989 at the University of Southampton in southern England, a concept arising out of the International Conference on New Crops for Food and Industry held in Southampton two years previously. The founding director was Dr. Nazmul Haq, an academic at Southampton's Civil Engineering and the Environment research school. 
During the 1990s the ICUC expanded and established networks in Asia, Southern and Eastern Africa, and secured research and development funding for several defined projects from sources such as the UK's Department for International Development. In 2001 the ICUC became a partner institution of the Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research (CGIAR), and continued to establish regional centres and cooperative partnerships with other research bodies and organisations.
In 2005 the ICUC moved its headquarters from Southampton to near Colombo in Sri Lanka, in a co-hosting arrangement with the International Water Management Institute (IWMI). Among other reasons, the move sought to better align the ICUC's research activities and consultative expertise with similarly themed programmes operating in the "Global South". The move saw a change in directorship, with plant physiologist Dr. Hannah Jaenicke assuming the role.
In 2009, ICUC and the Global Facilitation Unit for Underutilised Species (GFU) merged to become "Crops for the Future" (CFF), a new organisation that combines the former mandates of its predecessor organisations, and engages in partnerships building on the networks established by ICUC and GFU. CFF is based in Malaysia, and is governed by a Board of Directors. CFF's current director is Dr. Michael Hermann.

</doc>
<doc id="19053674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053674" title="Jake Siegel">
Jake Siegel

Jake Siegel is an American actor best known for playing the role of Mike "Cooze" Coozemen in both ' and '. His television credits include guest roles in "Commander in Chief", the Trojan Vision series "Friends Hate You", and "iCarly".

</doc>
<doc id="19053684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053684" title="Harry Liddell">
Harry Liddell

Harry Liddell (1866–1931) was a British politician. He was elected (Irish Unionist) Member of Parliament for West Down in 1905, resigning in 1907 by becoming Steward of the Manor of Northstead.

</doc>
<doc id="19053692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053692" title="Professional Arena Soccer League">
Professional Arena Soccer League

The Professional Arena Soccer League (PASL) is a North American indoor soccer league. The PASL is an affiliated member of the FIFRA (Federation International Futbal Rapido Association).
History.
The PASL was organized on May 18, 2008 as an offshoot of the Premier Arena Soccer League (PASL-Premier), the nation's largest amateur league. The league was originally named "PASL-Pro" to distinguish it from PASL-Premier. The first league game was played on October 25, 2008 in front of a crowd 3,239 at Stockton Arena, with the California Cougars defeating the Colorado Lightning 10-5.
Sponsorship.
The official sportswear and technical kit supplier for the league is Admiral Sportswear. The official ball is made by Baden Sports.

</doc>
<doc id="19053703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053703" title="Hubert Coppenrath">
Hubert Coppenrath

Archbishop Hubert Coppenrath (born 18 October 1930, in Papeete, Tahiti, French Polynesia) is the emeritus Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Papeete.
Coppenrath was ordained as a Roman Catholic priest on 27 June 1957, in Tahiti. He was formally ordained as the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Papeete on 4 June 1999 after appointment by Pope John Paul II. He succeeded his own brother, Michel-Gaspard Coppenrath, as Archbishop. The appointment of Coppenrath, a brother of the previous Archbishop, is a rare occurrence within the Catholic Church.
On 31 March 2011 Pope Benedict XVI accepted the resignation of Coppenrath from the pastoral care of the archdiocese having reached the age limit.

</doc>
<doc id="19053705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053705" title="1999 Detroit Lions season">
1999 Detroit Lions season

The 1999 Detroit Lions season was their 70th in the league. The team improved upon their previous season's output of 5–11 and qualified for the playoffs, where they lost to the Washington Redskins in the Wild Card round. This was their last playoff appearance until the 2011 season.
In 2004, "Football Outsiders"' Mike Tanier named the 1999 Lions as one of the "worst playoff teams ever": 
The Lions had just lost Barry Sanders and were starting second-year pro Charlie Batch at quarterback. They were coming off a 5–11 season. Hopes weren't high, but a 6–2 start made the Lions a surprise contender at the midway point in the season. Reality soon set in, however, and the Lions lost their last four straight. Two other NFC teams finished 8–8, but the Lions beat the Panthers during the season and held the tiebreaker over the Packers. The Redskins beat them 27–13 in the opening round of the playoffs.
Regular season.
The season had an inauspicious beginning as future Hall of Fame running back Barry Sanders suddenly retired on the eve of training camp. Undaunted, Coach Bobby Ross led the Lions to a fast start, highlighted by a Week 9 win over the then 6–1 St. Louis Rams. The following week, Coach Ross made a questionable decision to go for a failed two-point conversion after a touchdown against Arizona. The game ended with Detroit in the red zone trying to score a game-winning touchdown. After defeating the Redskins in Week 13 for the franchise's first win vs. Washington since 1965, the Lions had an 8–4 record and were the second seed in the NFC. Subsequently, the Lions lost their last four regular season games and backed into the 6th playoff seed.

</doc>
<doc id="19053713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053713" title="Denver Dynamite (soccer)">
Denver Dynamite (soccer)

The Denver Dynamite are an American Arena soccer team, founded in 2008. 
The team was a charter member of the Professional Arena Soccer League (PASL-Pro), the first division of arena (indoor) soccer in North America before going on hiatus for 2010-11 and returning to the Premier Arena Soccer League (PASL-Premier) for the Winter 2011-12 (initially as the Rocky Mountain Rattlers before reverting to their original name) season. The team's colors remain red, gold and blue.
Roster.
As of January 21, 2012
Notable former players.
ŧ – US National Arena Soccer Team Member
Playoff record.
± Final Regular Season Game doubled as Divisional Playoff.

</doc>
<doc id="19053720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053720" title="Patrick O'Hare">
Patrick O'Hare

Patrick O'Hare (1849–1917) was an Irish politician. At the 1906 general election, he was elected to the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland as Member of Parliament (MP) for North Monaghan. He resigned his seat in 1907 by becoming Steward of the Manor of Northstead.

</doc>
<doc id="19053746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053746" title="1992 Summer Paralympics medal table">
1992 Summer Paralympics medal table

The 1992 Summer Paralympics medal table is a list of National Paralympic Committees (NPCs) ranked by the number of gold medals won by their athletes during the 1992 Summer Paralympics, held in Barcelona, Spain, from September 3 to September 14, 1992.
Medal table.
The ranking in this table is based on information provided by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) and is consistent with IPC convention in its published medal tables. By default, the table is ordered by the number of gold medals the athletes from a nation have won (in this context, a "nation" is an entity represented by a National Paralympic Committee). The number of silver medals is taken into consideration next and then the number of bronze medals. If nations are still tied, equal ranking is given and they are listed alphabetically by IPC country code.
This medal table includes also the 1992 Paralympic Games for Persons with mental handicap, which held by the same organizing committee,and is part of same event,but in Madrid,between 15-22 September in the same year.
"To sort this table by nation, total medal count, or any other column, click on the icon next to the column title."

</doc>
<doc id="19053812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053812" title="Zhang Shuai (tennis)">
Zhang Shuai (tennis)

Zhang Shuai () (born 21 January 1989 in Tianjin) is a Chinese professional female tennis player. , she is at World number 49: the third overall women's singles player from the Asian Tennis Federation (ATF) and third-highest ranked women's singles player from China. She is ranked #41 in doubles: the ninth-highest female doubles player from the ATF and the third-highest from China.
Career.
Career Summary.
Zhang has enjoyed considerable success in singles on the ITF circuit, having won one $50,000 event, eight $25,000 tournaments and three $10,000 events between 2006 and 2009. As of October 2009, however, she had won only two main draw matches on the WTA circuit. Her peak ranking to date is World No. 73, achieved in 2011.She won her first WTA singles at the 2013 Guangzhou International Women's Open.
Early years.
Zhang started playing tennis at age six.
2003–2005.
The Chinese teenager participated in her first ITF event in November 2003 at the age of 14 as a main draw wildcard at the $25,000 tournament at Taizhou, but was heavily defeated by Tomoko Yonemura.
In 2004 she was wildcarded into two further $25,000 events and won her first match on the circuit in the first, at Beijing in May. She also entered qualifying for two $50,000 events towards the end of the year, winning one match in each case.
Starting 2005 with a lowly ranking of World No. 901, she entered ten ITF events at various levels during the year and improved her ranking to World No. 648 by its end. During the year, she successfully battled through qualifying to enter three $25,000 main draws, and won two main draw first round matches at this level, with victories over World No. 292 María José Argeri at Nanjing, China in May, and World No. 271 Sophie Ferguson at Wuxi, China in August.
2006.
The new year began with Zhang trying her hand at entry-level $10,000 ITF tournaments, and the move paid dividends as she won her first two tournaments of the year outright to claim the first two titles of her young career, both successes coming at Shenzhen, China. On the back of these breakthroughs, her ranking was propelled upwards to World No. 500.
In March, she qualified successfully for a further $25,000 tournament at Canberra, Australia, before losing in the first round proper.
In May, a wildcard into the main draw of a $50,000 event at Beijing paved the way for her winning her first two matches at this level to reach the quarter-finals, where she lost to former Top 50 player Anikó Kapros. But the very next week, a further wildcard into the main draw of a $25,000 event at Tianjin, China was rewarded by outright tournament victory as she notched up the third title of her career and the first at $25,000 level.
Her ranking having leapt up further to World No. 346 by the middle of June, she battled through qualifying to enter the main draw of another $25,000 event at Changwon, Korea, and then won four further matches to reach the final before losing.
In July, now world-ranked No. 297, she gained direct entry to the main draw of a $25,000 event at Chongqing, China, and reacher her third successive final, defeating World No. 227 Melanie South in the semifinal, before losing to lower-ranked Russian talent Elena Chalova in three sets in the final. The very next week, she reached the semifinal at a $25,000 tournament at Chengdu City, where she faced South again, this time losing to her in two close sets.
In August, her strong form continued, as she reached another $25,000 quarter-final at Changsha early in the month, and then won her second career title at this level at Nanjing three weeks later. In the final week of the month, she entered the $50,000 event at Guangzhou and won one match before losing in the second round.
In September, her ranking having risen dramatically further to World No. 209, she attempted to qualify for the main draw of the $600,000 WTA tournament at Beijing, and took her much higher-ranked opponent, World No. 59 Jelena Kostanić Tošić, to three close sets before losing. A week later, she was wildcarded into the main draw of the $175,000 WTA event at Guangzhou, and took the first set against World No. 26 Anna Chakvetadze before eventually losing in three sets. This promising although ultimately unsuccessful performance would be the last match of an eventful and highly gainful year for the Chinese teen.
2007.
Zhang was a member of China's Fed Cup team in 2007.
In competitive singles, Zhang began the year world ranked No. 203, and despite losing her first three matches of year was propelled upwards into the World Top 200 at No. 200 by random fluctuations in the strength of the field around her by the time of her fourth tournament in mid-February. This position was short-lived as she continued to suffer disappointing results early in the year; but in April she scored one good victory over World No. 159 Lioudmila Skavronskaia, and subsequently, later the same month, took World No. 23 Tathiana Garbin to three sets before losing.
A period of unprecedented success on the ITF circuit followed, as she proceeded to win three back-to-back $25,000 titles and then one $50,000 title in China between late April and early June, dropping just two sets in twenty successive matches.
In late June, her ranking having soared from World No. 209 to a career high of World No. 153 on the strength of these successes, she extended her winning streak to 24 matches in a $25,000 event at Noto, Japan before losing in the final to Regina Kulikova whom she had just defeated in straight sets in the finals of both the two previous tournaments she won.
Undeterred, she returned to her winning ways at the next tournament she entered, another $25,000 event at Nagoya, Japan, after facing Kulikova in the final for the fourth tournament in succession. But the next week she lost in the final of a $25,000 event at Miyazaki, Japan, this time to Junri Namigata in straight sets; and a week later, now world-ranked No. 145, she could only reach the quarter-finals of a $25,000 event at Kirume, Japan before this time losing to Australian prospect Sophie Ferguson in three sets.
Nonetheless, once the results from her last tournaments had all been factored in, she reached a fresh career high of World No. 132 on July 23.
Mixed results ensued for the rest of the year, after she was largely unsuccessful in trying her hand at higher-level tournaments, and she ended the year world-ranked a slightly lower No. 155.
2008.
Zhang began the new year strongly, recording her first two career Top 100 wins over World No. 79 Jill Craybas and World No. 91 Lilia Osterloh to qualify for the $145,000 WTA event at Auckland in early January, before losing in the first round of the main draw to World No. 90 Aravane Rezaï.
She reached the final round of qualifying for the Australian Open later that month after recording wins over World No. 129 Stéphanie Foretz and World No. 179 Elena Baltacha before losing a three-setter in the qualifying round to World No. 117 Tamarine Tanasugarn. This performance was sufficient to elevate her world ranking to World No. 141, just nine places short of her career best.
A disappointing string of six successive first round losses in straight sets followed, four in events of only $25,000 calibre.
In late May, in the first round of qualifying for the French Open, she defeated World No. 96 Anne Keothavong, but this was a rare success in a bleak spell that saw her ranking plummet to World No. 232 by the middle of July as she failed to defend her several ITF tournament victories from the previous summer.
Her form then showed signs of improvement, as she won three back-to-back matches to qualify for the $175,000 WTA event at Bad Gastein in Austria before losing in the first round proper, and then after taking a month off won through qualifying into the main draw of the US Open by successively defeating Jorgelina Cravero, World No. 107 Stéphanie Dubois, and World No. 137 Melanie South. Although she then lost to World No. 4 Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia in the first round of the main draw her world ranking, which had fallen to No. 243, was boosted slightly to No. 223 by her successes in the qualifying tournament.
She played only two more tournaments that year, both in September. She lost in the first round of the first; but at the second, the $600,000 event at Beijing, she won through qualifying, assisted by the early retirement of her high-ranked second-round opponent World No. 41 Olga Govortsova, before losing an extremely close battle in the first round to World No. 19 Alizé Cornet. The ranking points accrued in her qualification for the main draw were sufficient for her to end the year up slightly again at World No. 212.
2009.
This year she did not play in January, and as a consequence her world ranking had fallen to World No. 273 by the start of the following month.
Retreating to $10,000 level ITF events after a four-month break from competitive play, she found herself reaching only the quarter-finals of the first two she entered, losing to much lower-ranked opponents, but won the third outright, defeating rising star Claire Feuerstein in a closely fought three-set final at Lyon, although in the fourth she then proceeded to lose heavily in the second round to fast-rising World No. 460 Elena Chalova.
Raising her level back to $25,000 events in mid-March, she won just one match in two tournaments entered, a win over World No. 229 Stephanie Gehrlein at Tenerife, with losses to experienced opponents in World No. 134 Yvonne Meusburger and former Top 100 star Sanda Mamić following.
She did not play in April, but the month of May brought a return to form as she won her first $25,000 level event since 2007 at Nagano, Japan, although she did not have to face any player ranked in the Top 250 or indeed above her then-current ranking of World No. 262 on the way.
Zhang lost early to unheralded opponents in the next two $25,000 events she entered, but won her second of the year at the end of June in Xiamen, China, defeating World No. 196 Han Xinyun in the semifinals on her way to the title. This success propelled her ranking back upwards to World No. 218.
In August, she was stopped at the semi-final stage of a $25,000 tournament at Quanzhou, China, by a familiar adversary in the form of World No. 165 Sophie Ferguson. Her subsequent attempt to qualify for the second year in succession for the U.S. Open was stopped at the second hurdle in her second loss of the year to Yvonne Meusburger.
In September, she narrowly failed to qualify for two successive $220,000 tournaments, losing in the qualifying round at both Guangzhou and Seoul.
But a remarkable turnaround in her fortunes was just around the corner. After entering the Premier Mandatory event 2009 China Open main draw as a wildcard, world ranked No. 226, she reached the 3rd round by first defeating World No. 33 Iveta Benešová in straight sets, and then upsetting the current World No. 1 Dinara Safina in two close sets. These were her first two victories over any player currently ranked in the Top 75 for reasons other than the early retirement of her opponent, her first two victories over any player currently ranked in the Top 40 for any reason including the retirement of her opponent, and her first two victories over any opponent ranked higher than World No. 196 in 2009. She lost relatively comfortably in the third round to World No. 13 Marion Bartoli.
In beating Safina in this tournament, Zhang also incidentally surpassed the record set by Julie Coin in her defeat of Ana Ivanović in 2008, succeeding her as the lowest-ranked player to defeat a reigning World No. 1 in a WTA main tour event in the Open era. Coin was ranked World No. 188 at the time of her defeat of Ivanović, some 38 places above Zhang at the time of her defeat of Safina.
Zhang's ranking rebounded to World No. 160 following the tournament, still 28 places short of her career high.
2010.
With making the semifinals in the 2010 Guangzhou International Women's Open, she cracked into the top 100 for the first time.
2011.
At the Australian Open, she lost in the first round to Lucie Safarova.
2012.
Zhang started her year at the 2012 Blossom Cup in Quanzhou. She defeated Nudnida Luangnam and Anna Floris in the first and second rounds respectively, before falling to Tímea Babos in the quarterfinals. Her next tournament was the 2012 Australian Open where she received a wildcard. She was beaten by Aleksandra Wozniak in the first round. Then, at the 2012 Monterrey Open, she lost to Gréta Arn in the first round. Next Zhang went to Indian Wells to play at the 2012 BNP Paribas Open where she was a qualifier. She lost to Simona Halep in the first round.
2014.
Played in the Shenzhen Open in Shenzhen, China as the sixth seed. Lost to Chan Yung-jan (#257) in the first round in three sets. Entered the doubles tournament with Zheng Saisai (combined ranking#95) as the top seeds. Lost in the quarterfinal round to Monica Niculescu & Klara Zakopalova (cr#146) in straight sets. Played in the Hobart International in Hobart, Australia losing to the seventh seeded Zakopalova (#35) in the second round in two sets. Played doubles final with Lisa Raymond (cr#86) as the seeded second team losing to Niculescu & Zakopalova (#146) in the 10-point super tie-break 6–2, 6–7(5–7), Lost to Mona Barthel (#35) in straight sets in the opening round of the Australian Open. Partnered with Kimiko Date-Krumm (cr#95) lost their opening round doubles against the seventh seeded team of Andrea Hlavackova & Lucie Safarova (#27) in straight sets. Entered the PTT Pattaya Open in Pattaya City, Thailand losing wild card and the second seed Svetlana Kuznetsova (#20) in the first round. Reached the final of the doubles competition as the fourth-seeded team with Peng Shuai (cr#51) defeating the third-seeded team of Alla Kudryavtseva & Anastasia Rodionova (cr#48) 3–6, 7–6(7–5), [10–6 after being down 3–6, 2–5. Played in the Fed Cup for China in Astana, Kazakhstan with teammates Peng Shuai, Wang Qiang and Liu Fangzhou. Partnering with Liu, lost the deciding doubles match 1–6, 4–6 against Uzbekistan's Nigina Abduraimova & Sabina Sharipovain the first round robin match. In the second match, teamed with Peng in a straight set victory against South Korea's team of Han Na-lae & Yoo Mi. In the third match, beat Chinese Taipei's Juan Ting-fei in second singles rubber and teamed with Wang to defeat the team of Juan & Lee Ya-hsuan. The team finish fourth losing the 3rd place playoff to Kazakhstan 0–2. Entered the Qatar Total Open in Doha, Qatar losing to qualifier Petra Cetkovská (#133) in three sets in the second round. In the doubles competition with Lisa Raymond (cr#70) lost in straight sets to the top-seeded team of Sara Errani & Roberta Vinci (cr#86) in the second round. Entered the qualifying tournament of the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships in Dubai, United Arab Emirates as the eighth seed. Lost against Karolína Pliskova (#53) in the second qualifier in straight sets. Partnering with Raymond (cr#70), lost in the second round of the doubles tournament against Andrea Hlavackova & Lucie Safarova (cr#25). Entering the Abierto Mexicano Telcel in Acapulco, Mexico as the eighth seed against a qualifier to be determined. Entering the doubles competition with Chuang Chia-jung (cr#572) against Gabriela Dabrowski & Shahar Pe'er (cr#152) in the first round.
Personal life.
Zhang is coached by Liu Shuo. Her hobbies are eating and music. Her parents are Zhang Zhiqiang and Wang Fengqin.

</doc>
<doc id="19053813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053813" title="Kəhrizli">
Kəhrizli

Kəhrizli or Kyagrizli or Khagrizli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19053855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053855" title="Straight No Chaser (magazine)">
Straight No Chaser (magazine)

Straight No Chaser was an influential British music magazine, based in London, which covered various forms of black music and electronic music.
The magazine was started by music lover, journalist, and general clubgoer Paul Bradshaw, to cover the emerging black music scene that he saw expanding in London and the UK around the time house music hit British shores in a big way around Summer 1988.
Publishing.
It was published in the UK and distributed for sale across the whole country, much of Europe, and also metropolitan areas of the US. It also had a slightly differing version that was published and distributed for sale separately in Japan. Starting out life being published quarterly, it moved to 5 times a year on its second volume, however the actual amount of issues released would fluctuate year on year and it didn't have a regular release date, so regular purchasers of the magazine often had to keep an eye out for its release when it happened. Very occasionally a covermount CD or tape was also included with the magazine, sometimes either only for a limited amount of copies or for its initial print run for that issue, but other times only for sale on the Japanese edition.
Content and themes.
SNC magazines' slogan was "Interplanetary Sounds: Ancient To Future", which basically meant it covered Jazz music at the center, with other black music's from around the world—especially soulfull electronic music—forming the core of its focus. While most of the magazine contained charts from eminent DJ's "on the scene" (including a regular chart from Bradshaw's DJ friend Gilles Peterson) or articles on underground music scenes around the world, it also had an eye on contemporary artwork, and underground fashionable trends in and outside various music communities usually not generally well-known about outside of the worlds' big urban centres (London, Paris, Tokyo, New York, San Francisco, et al.). 
The magazine was often compared with the US magazine publication "Wax Poetics" which came along later, and could be argued copied Straight No Chaser's style in some design and content ways.
Ending.
For various reasons, not least the spread of the internet and declining magazine sales, plus the changing effects in the general music culture from vinyl and CD collecting to more digital downloading, Bradshaw decided to shut the magazine down in 2007 with the last issue being number 46 from volume 2, the Summer edition released around August that year.
No digital versions (pdf, ePub, or similar, format) of the magazine were ever released, and there have so far been no plans to reissue them as such.

</doc>
<doc id="19053856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053856" title="Francis Ingall">
Francis Ingall

Brigadier Francis Herman Barclay Ingall DSO OBE (1908–1998) was a British Army Officer. He was the founding commandant of the Pakistan Military Academy. 
Francis Ingall was born on 24 October 1908 in the county of Surrey, England, UK. He was educated at Hurstpierpoint.
In 1927, he joined the Royal Military College Sandhurst and was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant on the Unattached List, Indian Army on 31 January 1929. After Arriving in British India he was attached to the 2nd battalion of the Essex Regiment on 23 March 1929. On 23 April 1930 he was accepted for the British Indian Army and joined the 6th Lancers, which had descended from regiments of Bengal Lancers of the British Indian Army. He saw action in the North West Frontier Province during 1930-31. 
He transferred to the Army Remount Department on 21 September 1934 and was appointed permanently in early 1938, serving as the Assistant Remount Officer, Sargoda Remount Depot (1934–36). Later he served Shahpur Area (1937–38) and Shahpur Remount Depot 1939-40. 
During the Second World War he was the commandant of the Indian Armoured Corps Officer Training School at Ahmednagar in India. He later rejoined the 6th Lancers and participated in the Italian Campaign, World War II. He was the second in command and in 1945 commanded 6th Lancers. During the Italian Campaign, he was Mentioned in Despatches and awarded the Distinguished Service Order. 
In 1947, Ingall became the founder Commandant of the Pakistan Military Academy and continued to remain so till 1951. He was awarded an OBE by the British Government for his vital service to Pakistan by founding Pakistan Military Academy. Brigadier Ingall retired in 1951. Later he migrated to the USA. In 1982, he was appointed the Honorary Consul General of Pakistan in California, USA. His autobiography "The Last of the Bengal Lancers" was published in 1988. 
He died on 21 August 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19053945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053945" title="Troy Dusosky">
Troy Dusosky

Troy Dusosky (born May 12, 1976 in Anoka, Minnesota) is a retired American soccer defender who played for the Milwaukee Wave of the Major Indoor Soccer League. Over his career, he has played primarily indoor soccer with a handful of seasons in the USL A-League. He also briefly worked as a professional wrestler.
Soccer.
Dusosky graduated from Anoka High School in 1994. After spending one year attending Viterbo College in La Crosse, Wisconsin, he turned professional. In 1995, he signed a developmental contract with Cleveland Crunch of the National Professional Soccer League. However, he still saw time in 20 first team games as the Crunch won the league championship. Dusosky and his team mates repeated as champions in 1999. In September 2001, the Crunch traded Dusosky to the Milwaukee Wave in exchange for Jim Larkin. He lost over half the 2004-2005 season after tearing his anterior cruciate ligament. While he played twenty-five games in the 2005-2006 season, he was forced to have surgery and did not return to playing until December 2006.
During his indoor career, Dusosky would also occasionally play indoor or outdoor soccer during the summer season. In 1998, he played for the Lafayette SwampCats of the Eastern Indoor Soccer League. The Swamp Cats won the league title. In 1999, he played for the Cincinnati Riverhawks in USL A-League. In 2003, he signed with the Milwaukee Wave United an USL A-League affiliate of the Milwaukee Wave. United played two seasons before folding. 
Dusosky retired in December 2011. At the time of his retirement, he was tenth on the list of career Wave games played (257), ninth in assists (92), seventh in 3-point goals (16), sixth in blocks (320) and first in penalty minutes (185). He was All Pro in 2001-02, 2002–03 and 2008-09. He was also an All Star in 2002, 2003, 2004 and 2006. During his ten years with the Wave, the team won three championships.
Futsal.
Dusosky played for the United States national futsal team at the 2007 Pan American Games. He scored two goals as the U.S. finished fifth.
Professional wrestling.
In addition to his soccer career, Dusosky and his twin brother Todd were a professional wrestlers known as The Super Ds in the NWF Kids Pro Wrestling’s lightweight division. The brothers were the promotion's first Lightweight Tag Team Champions when the title was introduced on April 15, 1985. They held the belts for over a month before dropping them to the team of Rough Ryan and Mean Dean on May 25. On February 15 the following year, they regained the title by defeating Rough Ryan and Invader I. On May 9, they lost the title belts to The Rough Russians but won them back in a rematch on July 26. Their final reign ended when their mother refused to allow them to compete due to an upcoming soccer tournament. They were stripped of the championship on October 18, 1986, and the belts were awarded to The Blade Runners by forfeit. They were scheduled for a title shot inside a steel cage against The Blade Runners in February 1987 as part of the NWF's "Star Cage '87" but the event was scrapped in early January of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="19053966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053966" title="Turnbull Field">
Turnbull Field

Turnbull Field was an aerodrome near Gili Gili, Papua New Guinea.
History.
Built by the US Army 2nd Battalion of 43rd Engineer General Service Regiment (less Company E), during the Battle of Milne Bay during World War II. Originally known as "No. 3 Strip". The airfield was renamed "Turnbull Field" on 14 September 1942 in honour of Royal Australian Air Force Squadron Leader Peter Turnbull, who was killed in an aircraft crash. The single runway was long x wide surfaced with marston matting. Taxiways and revetments extended off both sides of the runway.
The aerodrome was abandoned in February 1944 and has been disused since the end of World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19053972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053972" title="Lorenzo Ariaudo">
Lorenzo Ariaudo

Lorenzo Ariaudo (born 11 June 1989) is an Italian footballer who plays as a centre back for Serie A club Sassuolo.
Club career.
Ariaudo joined Juventus as a nine-year-old and was part of the 2009 Torneo di Viareggio-winning team. He made his first team debut in Juventus's 1–1 draw with Artmedia Petržalka in the second leg of the 2008–09 UEFA Champions League third qualifying round, in which Juventus won 5–1 on aggregate to advance to the group stages, and was awarded a five-year professional contract. He made Serie A debut on 18 January 2009 against Lazio in Rome on a match that ended with a 1–1 draw. Although he was not able to break into the first team permanently that season, then-manager Ciro Ferrara described Ariaudo as a future prospect. 
After being included in pre-season friendlies, Ariaudo was promoted to the first team permanently. On 2 January 2010, he was sent on loan to Cagliari for €500,000. After being on the bench for a string of games, he finally made his debut for the Sardinian club on 21 February as a starter and helped keep a clean sheet in a 2–0 win over Parma.
In June 2010, Cagliari excised the rights to purchase him in co-ownership deal for €1.3million. On 31 January 2011, the club purchased him outright, as part of the deal of Alessandro Matri's €2.5million loan.
On 4 January 2014, Ariaudo left Cagliari for Serie A side Sassuolo.
International career.
On 25 March 2009 Ariaudo made his debut for the Italy Under-21 squad and marked it with a goal in the friendly game against Austria that ended with a 2–2 draw.
Career statistics.
As of 31 December 2013

</doc>
<doc id="19053983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053983" title="Alphonso Carinci">
Alphonso Carinci

Alphonso Carinci (November 9, 1862 – December 6, 1963) was a Roman Catholic Archbishop. He served as titular Archbishop of Selucia, in Isauria, from 1945 until his death at the age of 101.
Carinci was the oldest bishop at the first session of the Second Vatican Council (the 21st Ecumenical Council) held in Rome from October to December 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19053987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19053987" title="Boys Esté">
Boys Esté

The story stars , an overweight girl who was rejected by her ex-boyfriend because of her weight. She enrolls in a beauty program where she hopes of obtaining a perfect figure.
Cast.
The drama cast is:

</doc>
<doc id="19054003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054003" title="Meredith Post">
Meredith Post

Meredith Post is an American television writer. When Douglas Marland died in 1993, she was in the running to become Head Writer of ATWT. That title went to Juliet Law Packer and Richard Backus.
Positions held.
"As the World Turns" 
"Days of our Lives" 
Awards and nominations.
Post has been nominated for six Daytime Emmy awards, in the category Outstanding Drama Series Writing Team, for her work on "Days of our Lives" and "As the World Turns". She was nominated from 1986 to 1999. 
She also won the 2000 Writers Guild of America Award in the Daytime Serials category, for her work on DOOL.

</doc>
<doc id="19054040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054040" title="Rob Allan">
Rob Allan

Rob Allan (born 1945) is a New Zealand poet. He won the PEN (NZSA) Best First Book of Poetry award in 1992 for his book "Karitane Postcards", and has received multiple grants from Creative New Zealand to support his writing. He has been published in several anthologies including "An Anthology of New Zealand Poetry in English" (Oxford University Press, 1997), and has published widely in literary magazines.
Personal life.
Born in Birmingham, England, Allan moved to New Zealand with his family as a teenager in 1960. He now lives in Port Chalmers, New Zealand, and works as a teacher for deaf children in Otago schools.

</doc>
<doc id="19054061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054061" title="Söyüdlü">
Söyüdlü

Söyüdlü or Sëyudlyu or Seyudlu or Segyutlyu or Sogyutlyu or Seyudlyu or Sogyultlu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19054106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054106" title="Communist Party (disambiguation)">
Communist Party (disambiguation)

Communist Party is a label adopted by several political parties. Communist Party may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19054133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054133" title="McKenzie-Willamette Medical Center">
McKenzie-Willamette Medical Center

McKenzie-Willamette Medical Center is an acute care hospital located in Springfield, Oregon, United States. Opened in 1955, it serves the Lane County area. McKenzie-Willamette is investor-owned, and accredited by The Joint Commission. Licensed for 114 hospital beds, the facility was the only hospital in Springfield until the Sacred Heart facility at RiverBend opened in August 2008.
History.
The need for a new hospital on the Springfield side of the Willamette River became evident in 1948 when the river flooded, cutting off access to the existing Sacred Heart Medical Center in neighboring Eugene. A group of residents formed a board and raised funds. In May 1955, McKenzie-Willamette Hospital was established.
By early 2002, the medical center employed 1,150 people and was the second largest employer in the city. In 2002, the hospital sued rival area hospital operator PeaceHealth for antitrust claims, with a jury awarding McKenzie-Willamette $16.2 in damages. The decision was latter overturned and the two reach a settlement in August 2008.
In late 2002, McKenzie-Willamette Hospital began to have financial difficulty. They searched for a partner that could keep them from going bankrupt. On January 30, 2003, they announced a partnership with publicly traded Triad Hospitals. After a state-mandated public review period, Oregon Attorney General Hardy Myers announced his approval for the joint venture.
On October 1, 2003, McKenzie-Willamette Hospital partnered with Triad Hospitals in a joint venture. This reorganized the hospital from a non-profit organization, into a for-profit, limited liability company. Triad Hospitals has since been bought out by Community Health Systems, Inc.
Proposed relocation.
On November 16, 2005, McKenzie-Willamette announced that they had struck a deal to purchase from River Ridge Golf Course, north of Eugene. They intended to build a new campus, and move from their existing facility in Springfield.
This idea was immediately met with community concern about the impact it would have on traffic and the local property values. Groups such as the North Delta Neighbors were formed to oppose the re-zoning and development of the Delta Ridge site. 
After two years of working with the community, on January 11, 2008, McKenzie-Willamette announced that they were withdrawing consideration for the Delta Ridge site, and would look at their alternative sites to build a new hospital. The alternate sites include their existing campus in Springfield, a site in Eugene, and a tract in Glenwood.
Heliport.
There is a 53 x 53 ft (16 x 16 m) heliport on the roof of the hospital. it is identified by the FAA as Mc Will Hospital Heliport .

</doc>
<doc id="19054139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054139" title="Eastern Conference (WNBA)">
Eastern Conference (WNBA)

The Eastern Conference of the Women's National Basketball Association is made up of six teams.
The Eastern Conference playoffs is divided into two playoff rounds, The Conference Semi-Finals and The Conference Finals with the winner of the Conference Championship facing the Western Conference champion in the WNBA Finals to determine the WNBA champion. All in-conference playoff series are best-of-three.
Current Eastern Conference.
Former teams.
Defunct
Changed to Western Conference
Relocated

</doc>
<doc id="19054147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054147" title="Marie of Armagnac">
Marie of Armagnac

Marie of Armagnac (c. 1420–1473) was a French noblewoman, daughter of John IV of Armagnac and his second wife, Isabella of Navarre. Through her son, she would eventually become the great-grandmother of Henry IV of France.
Marriage and children.
On 30 April 1437, Marie became the second wife of John II of Alençon. Their marriage was at the Chateau L'Isle-Jourdain. They had two surviving children:
Marie died on 25 July 1473 at Cloister Mortagne-au-Perche. Her husband died three years later, on 8 September 1476 in Paris.
Ancestors.
Marie's ancestors in three generations

</doc>
<doc id="19054185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054185" title="Bakegyamon">
Bakegyamon

VIZ Media published it in English in the United States as "BakéGyamon: Backwards Game". Chuang Yi published the manga in English in Singapore as "Bakegyamon". In France Sakka published the manga. In Japan the anime aired on TV Tokyo.
The series stars , a boy in Gyakunippon. And a man named invites Sanshiro to play the Bakegyamon game. 
Sanshiro's chances of having an adventure are slim to none in his tiny island hometown, until the day a mysterious stranger invites him to play a game... Without warning, Sanshiro is taken to a backwards universe to play BakéGyamon—a game pitting monsters against monsters. Along the way he meets other players who have a particular reason for being there—to obtain the wish that is granted to the winner. But how far can Sanshiro get when the monsters he's been paired with are a bunch of little mud balls?
The series concept was created by Kazuhiro Fujita, and contains a number of monsters from his popular manga series "Ushio and Tora". Bakéygmon is a reference to pokèmon.

</doc>
<doc id="19054193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054193" title="Dəhnə">
Dəhnə

Dəhnə or Dakhna or Dekhna or Dakhne or Degne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19054199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054199" title="Georg Lippold">
Georg Lippold

Georg Lippold (February 21, 1885 – July 23, 1954) was a German classical archaeologist who was a native of Mainz. Lippold was a specialist of ancient Greek and Roman art.
He studied at the Universities of Berlin and Munich. He was one of the last students of Adolf Furtwängler (1852–1907), who was a major influence to the career of Lippold. Following graduation he worked at the Roman-Germanic Central Museum in Mainz, and in 1910–1911 at the Martin von Wagner Museum in Würzburg. In 1920 he relocated to the University of Erlangen as a lecturer, where he later served as a full professor of archaeology (1925-1953).
Lippold succeeded Walther Amelung (1865–1927) as cataloguer of sculptures at the Vatican, publishing in 1936 — "Die Skulpturen des Vatikanischen Museums". His second volume involving Vatican sculpture was published posthumously in 1956.
After the death of archaeologist Paul Arndt in 1937, he took over editorship of "Denkmäler griechischer und römischer Sculptur" (Greek and Roman Sculpture), as well as "Griechische und römische Porträts" (Greek and Roman Portraits). In 1923 he published "Kopien und Umbildungen griechischer Statuen", a comprehensive examination on the "copy system" of ancient Greek statues.
Despite his outspoken opposition to Hitler and National Socialism, Lippold retained his professorship at Erlangen.

</doc>
<doc id="19054202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054202" title="Dakhna">
Dakhna

Dakhna may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19054220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054220" title="Siemens Greek bribery scandal">
Siemens Greek bribery scandal

The Siemens bribery scandal in Greece was a corruption and bribery scandal that hit Greece over deals between Siemens AG and Greek government officials during the 2004 Summer Olympic Games in Athens regarding security systems
Charges have, as of 27 August 2008, not been brought against any specific individual, as under Greek law charges can be filled against "any responsible person".
So far, no wrongdoing has been proved, either by Siemens, by Greek government officials, or anyone else.
Although there is no conclusive evidence, the scandal has created a serious change in the attitudes of the Greek public, most notably a dissatisfaction with both main political parties in Greece, Nea Dimokratia and Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK)ctions system and creating a "hole of authority" leading to a vicious circle of political instability, if the Greek people don't reach a new consensus over which major political parties best represent their ideals.
It has been claimed that the political outcome of the case may be analogous to that of Italy 15 years ago.
It has been claimed that the bribes may have been up to 100 million Euro.
It is that a few PASOK members acting as individuals may have been involved, although this is simply a claim and nothing has been proved or at least any evidence come to light.
A Greek prosecutor, after two years of investigations, filled charges on 1 July 2008 for money laundering and bribery.
It has been claimed that it is certain Siemens divisions that were involved in the transactions.
Tasos Mantelis who was Minister for Transport and Communications during the PASOK administration in 1998 admitted in May 2010 to a parliamentary investigation committee that the sum of 200,000 German marks was deposited in 1998 in a Swiss bank account from Siemens during his administration, allegedly for funding his election campaign. A further deposit of 250,000 German marks was made into the same bank account in 2000 which Mantelis claims is from an unknown source.

</doc>
<doc id="19054222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054222" title="Dehne">
Dehne

Dehne is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19054241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054241" title="Santa Fe 5">
Santa Fe 5

Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway #5 (formerly #2419). The locomotive currently is on display at Kelley Park in the Trolley Barn at the History Park. Originally a saddle tank locomotive, it was rebuilt to a western look for the 1948 Chicago Railroad Fair and was renamed "Little Buttercup" after a character in the Gilbert and Sullivan operetta, "H.M.S. Pinafore".
Preservation and restoration.
Little Buttercup is currently statically preserved in the California Trolley and Railroad Corporation Trolley Barn at the Kelly Park History Park, San Jose, CA. Volunteers have been Polishing the brass and cleaning the little locomotive. It is viewable by the public when the Trolley Barn is open for visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="19054289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054289" title="Yokohama International Swimming Pool">
Yokohama International Swimming Pool

Yokohama International Swimming Pool (Yokohama Kokusai Pool: 横浜国際プール) is a swimming venue in Yokohama, Japan. It hosted the swimming events for the 2002 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19054293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054293" title="Western Conference (WNBA)">
Western Conference (WNBA)

The Western Conference of the Women's National Basketball Association is made up of six teams.
The Western Conference playoffs is divided into two playoff rounds, The Conference Semi-Finals and The Conference Finals with the winner of the Conference Championship facing the Eastern Conference champion in the WNBA Finals to determine the WNBA champion. All in-conference playoff series are best-of-three.
Current Western Conference.
Former teams.
Defunct
Relocated

</doc>
<doc id="19054304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054304" title="Polysilicone-15">
Polysilicone-15

Polysilicone-15 (INCI) is an organic compound used in hair products like shampoos, conditioners, hair sprays, pomades and color treatment products to absorb UVB radiation. In the EU, it is also approved for use in sunscreens and cosmetics. The absorption maximum is at about 310 nm. It is marketed as Parsol SLX by DSM.
The backbone chain is mainly composed of siloxane repeat units, and is of low molecular weight, so being classed as an oligomer.

</doc>
<doc id="19054332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054332" title="Whip Hand">
Whip Hand

Whip Hand is a crime novel by Dick Francis, the second novel in the Sid Halley series. The novel received Gold Dagger Award for Best Novel of 1979 and the Edgar Award for Best Novel of 1980. "Whip Hand" is one of only two novels to have received both awards (the other being John le Carré's "The Spy Who Came in from the Cold").
The cover of the first edition features actor Mike Gwilym in costume as Sid Halley, who played Halley in the Yorkshire Television adaptation at the time.
Plot Outline.
The protagonist Sid Halley is an ex-jockey turned detective who lost his left hand due to an earlier racing accident and subsequent beating by thugs. He is approached by Rosemary Caspar, a trainer's wife, to look into problems at her husband's racing stables. Horses which did extremely well as two-year olds are unexpectedly failing as three year olds. In addition, Sid Halley's ex-father-in-law, Charles, asks Sid to try and find a man who has conned Sid's ex-wife Jenny and left her facing a possible jail sentence over a fake charity. Sid is also approached by both Lord Friarly, a racehorse owner and syndicate member, and Lucas Wainwright, the head of the security service at the Jockey Club, to look into certain syndicates and how they got through the Jockey Club's checking process.

</doc>
<doc id="19054337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054337" title="Elopement (disambiguation)">
Elopement (disambiguation)

Elopement may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19054353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054353" title="Böyük Pirəli">
Böyük Pirəli

Böyük Pirəli (also, Beyuk-Pirelli, Beyuk-Piraly, and Bëyuk Pirali) is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,362. 

</doc>
<doc id="19054365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054365" title="Luna (rocket)">
Luna (rocket)

The Luna 8K72 vehicles were carrier rockets used by the Soviet Union for nine space probe launch attempts in the Luna programme between 23 September 1958 and 16 April 1960. Like many other Soviet launchers of that era the Luna 8K72 vehicles were derived from the R-7 Semyorka design, which is also the basis for the modern Soyuz rocket.
The first flight of a Luna 8K72 (September 1958), which was to launch the Luna E-1 No.1 probe, ended 92 seconds after launch when the rocket broke up from longitudinal vibration, causing the strap-ons to separate from the vehicle, which then crashed downrange.
The second flight of a Luna 8K72 (October 1958), which was to launch the Luna E-1 No.2 probe, ended 104 seconds after launch when the rocket again disintegrated from vibration.
The third flight of a Luna 8K72 (December 1958), which was to launch the Luna E-1 No.3 probe, ended 245 seconds after launch when the Blok I core stage shut down from loss of engine lubricant.
The resonant vibration problem suffered by the 8K72 booster was the cause of a major argument between the Korolev and Glushko design bureaus over the cause and solution to it. It was believed that the vibrations developed as a consequence of adding the Blok E upper stage to the R-7, shifting its center of gravity.
Luna 1.
The first probe launched by a Luna 8K72 to reach orbit was Luna 1, launched 2 January 1959, which was intended as a lunar impactor mission. Luna 1 instead passed within of the Moon's surface 4 January 1959, and then went into orbit around the Sun between the orbits of Earth and Mars.
The fifth flight of a Luna 8K72 (July 1959) ended 220 seconds after launch due to a guidance malfunction of the Blok I core stage, leading to RSO destruct.
Luna 2.
Luna 2 was launched by a Luna 8K72 12 September 1959. It was the first spacecraft to impact the lunar surface.
Luna 3.
The final successful launch of a Luna 8K72 took place 4 October 1959. The Luna 3 spacecraft took the first photographs of the far side of the Moon.
The eighth flight of a Luna 8K72 (March 1960) ended 435 seconds after launch when the Blok E upper stage developed insufficient thrust, causing the Luna probe to reenter the atmosphere and burn up.
The ninth flight of a Luna 8K72 (April 1960) failed when the Blok K strap-on booster developed only 75% thrust at liftoff, breaking away from the launch vehicle, which then disintegrated, the strap-ons flying in random directions and exploding as they impacted the ground. The Blok I core stage then crashed into a salt lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19054369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054369" title="List of Estonian films since 1991">
List of Estonian films since 1991

List of films made in Republic of Estonia since 1991. 

</doc>
<doc id="19054381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054381" title="Audition (2007 film)">
Audition (2007 film)

Audition is a short film directed by Sam Holdren, first released to festivals in 2007. The film is a tragic comedy about William Ashe, a grown man who still lives at home with mother and strongly believes in signs. On the whim of a sign, he travels to the big city to audition for a movie, and is promptly sidetracked by murder, mayhem, and mistaken identity, only proving that life may lead anywhere once you choose to see the signs.
Story.
What begins as a story about William Ashe, an obnoxious actor who has come to the city to audition for a movie, soon turns into a murder mystery without the main character ever realizing it. However, the mystery is a distraction from the real point of order, which is the fact that every sequence of the movie for William—including his trying to impress people in a hotel bar at the beginning, and also his interrogation by the police after a murder has occurred—is a constant audition. By the time his real audition rolls around near the end of the film—after the solution to the mystery has been revealed to everyone but William—he has spent the entire movie seeking approval that he never gets. Thus, the movie is a tragic comedy about a guy with hope and energy who is trying, but never quite seals the deal.
Background.
The character of William Ashe was the result of several meetings in the summer of 2004 between co-writers Joseph W. Ng and Sam Holdren. Ng pitched a scenario where a main character's zany actions were not very believable to Holdren. However, when they began sifting through mutual friends in order to analyze what each person would do in the situation presented by Ng, they stumbled upon an actor friend out of Charleston, WV named Ashley Wilhelm, whose earnest and sometimes strong and spontaneous personality seemed a perfect inspiration for the character.
The inspiration provided by Wilhelm allowed Ng and Holdren to adapt both his persona and elements of their own personalities into the character of William Ashe, a grown man still living at home with mother whose trip to the city to audition for a movie gets him caught up in a mystery without him actually realizing it. Throughout the film, the character bases his choices upon what he believes are signs, but it becomes increasingly obvious as the movie proceeds that the hovering presence of his mother, who we never see, is evident.
Todd Waters, who portrayed William Ashe, didn't actually know that the character was based in part on a real person until late in the filming. Holdren introduced Waters and Wilhelm in March 2005 while the film crew shot the final sequence in downtown Charleston, West Virginia. Wilhelm appears briefly at the end of the film as the last person to come into contact with the main character.
Wilhelm, who still continues to act, recently won the prestigious South Eastern Theatre Conference's Best Play of 2008 Award with "The Exonerated". Written by Jessica Blank and Erik Jensen, the play is a true story of six wrongfully convicted people who spent years on death row and were exonerated through newly discovered DNA evidence, confessions and wire taps.
Wilhelm's part, Male Ensemble #1, consisted of 12 characters throughout the production that entailed multiple facets of the criminal justice system, to one of the accused and other various roles in "The Exonerated."
Wilhelm immersed himself into the roles of each character and even worked as a Corrections Officer with the Division Of Juvenile Services during the one year running of "The Exonerated". For Wilhelm's legal characters, he spent many hours at both the county and federal courthouses becoming acquaintances with Kanawha County Prosecutors, Judges and Police Officers to delve into the criminal justice system.
Wilhelm still continues to act and audition in NYC, West Virginia, Kentucky and Ohio and is scheduled to appear in a new feature length film in 2009. Wilhelm still resides in South Charleston, West Virginia with his older brother who both help with the care of their mother, Bette.
Locations.
Most of the movie was shot in different sections of Philadelphia, including: Holmesburg Prison; the Windsor Hotel and the Wyndham Hotel of Center City; Rittenhouse Square; Temple University; and the former Marmont Bar & Grill. The ending sequence, however, was shot months later in Charleston, West Virginia in front of the historic Capitol Theatre, now known as the WV State University Capitol Center Theater Complex.
Awards.
Best Student Short Film & Best Regional Student Film - 2007 - Bluegrass Independent Film Festival
Award of Excellence - 2007 - West Virginia Filmmakers Film Festival

</doc>
<doc id="19054398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054398" title="Charles Barrington Balfour">
Charles Barrington Balfour

Captain Charles Barrington Balfour JP, DL, CB (20 February 1862 – 31 August 1921) was a British Army officer who became a Conservative Party politician. He sat in the House of Commons from 1900 to 1907.
He was a first cousin of Arthur Balfour, who served as Prime Minister from 1902 to 1905.
Early life.
Balfour was the son of Charles Balfour, and his wife Adelaide (died 1862), daughter and 8th child of the 6th Viscount Barrington. His father died when he was 10 years old, and Charles succeeded to his estates: Balgonie Castle in Fife and Newton Don in Roxburghshire.
He was educated at Eton and at Sandhurst, and was commissioned as a Lieutenant in the Scots Guards from 1881 to 1890. He served in the Anglo-Egyptian War of 1882, and was present at the battle of Tel-El-Kebir, for which received a medal with a clasp. He was a Captain in the 2nd Volunteer Battalion of the King's Own Scottish Borderers from 1891 to 1895, and later served as a captain in the Royal Guards Reserve Regiment.
Political career.
Balfour was a councillor on Berwickshire County Council, a Justice of the Peace for Berwickshire, and a Deputy Lieutenant of Berwickshire.
He stood for Parliament five times before he won a seat. He was unsuccessful in Roxburghshire at the 1885 general election, in Berwickshire at the 1892 and 1895 general elections, and the Southport by-election in 1899.
At the 1900 general election he was elected unopposed as the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Hornsey division of Middlesex. He was re-elected in 1906, but resigned his seat on 28 May 1907 by becoming Steward of the Manor of Northstead.
Balfour was appointed as Lord Lieutenant of Berwickshire on 31 May 1917. In the King's Birthday Honours in June 1919, he was made a Companion of the Order of the Bath for services in connection with the First World War in his capacity as president and chairman of the Berwickshire Territorial Force Association.
Balfour was also a director of Barclays Bank and of the Scottish Widows fund.
Family.
In 1888, Balfour Married Lady Helena McDonnell, known as "Nina", daughter of the 5th Earl of Antrim. They had four sons, the eldest being Charles James Balfour, a Captain in the Scots Guards, who was born in 1889 and in 1917 married Hon. Aurea Vera Baring, daughter of Lord Ashburton.
They also had a son John, who was imprisoned in Germany at Ruhleben, a racecourse on the outskirts of Berlin, for the duration of the First World War. He had been studying at a university in Germany at the outbreak of the war and was immediately interned there. On repatriation, he joined the Foreign Office and became a career diplomat, and was knighted in 1954. He was posted in Moscow, Madrid, Buenos Aires and Washington, as well as serving in other countries. He died in 1983. His memoir, "Not Too Correct an Aureole: the Recollections of a Diplomat", was published posthumously.

</doc>
<doc id="19054403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054403" title="Cibelle">
Cibelle

Cibelle is a multi-media performance artist, singer-songwriter and music producer. She combines neofolk, electronica, and other styles to create "Tropical Punk".
Biography.
Cibelle Cavalli was born in São Paulo, Brazil, 2 January 1978, and now resides in East London, UK. She attended Marcelo Tupinambá Conservatory in São Paulo from the age of 6, where she studied guitar, piano, percussion and theatre. Cibelle had a short career modeling in her teens, but left it to dedicate herself to acting until her early twenties. Cibelle worked in musicals, short films, and Brazilian TV, until music took a stronger lead in her life.
After meeting the Serbian-born producer Suba in a bar, she appeared as the main vocalist on his album, "São Paulo Confessions", on Ziriguiboom (Crammed Discs' Brazilian imprint) in 1999. It was a mixture of traditional and electronic sounds which has been said to be years ahead of the Brazilian Electronic music boom. "São Paulo Confessions" is regarded as an important precursor and a landmark album for Brazilian Electronic Music. Suba died shortly after the album’s release.
Cibelle next appeared on Celso Fonseca’s album, "Natural" (2003). Cibelle’s first solo album, "Cibelle", was also released in 2003. Signed to Belgian record label Crammed Discs at the age of 22, she started spending more and more time in Europe, specifically Paris. By the completion of her first album, she moved to London's Brick Lane, and has since been moving around East London.
Music and Methodology.
Cibelle does only concept albums.
The performances usually happen in trios; her band is made of around 10 musicians or more that at each time combine themselves as trios depending on the country of performance. Her latest performances ranged from having two drum kits on stage, to having none at all.
Cibelle works by building tracks live on stage, welcoming special guests and inviting the audience to contribute to her ”bric-a-brac DIY” sound through sweet vocals, creative playfulness and lots of instrumental experimentation. Since moving to Dalston, Cibelle has been working more with visual arts and performance, taking part in the abravanista movement with Rick Castro – also a part of Assume Vivid Astro Focus – and collaborating as a part of collective and artzine FUR, ran by photographer Cássia Cabatini and artist/printmaker Fábio Gurjão. She is also a part of Supine Studios, a collective of artists/musicians based in Dalston.
In visual arts, she sometimes takes on other names, and mostly goes by Sonja Khalecallon, working with GIF animation, collages, multimedia pieces, videos, performances and vivid anatomic looking watercolors.
Collaborations.
Cibelle has collaborated with a range of music and visual artists all over the world for recordings, film, performance, and installation, including: Devendra Banhart, Seu Jorge, Cocorosie, Rio en Medio, Gilberto Gil, Júnio Barreto, Vanessa da Mata, Orquestra Imperial, Vetiver, Lightspeed Champion, Josh Weller, David Shrigley, Doug Aitken, Vanessa da Silva, Adem, Tom Zé, Johnny Flynn, Quist, Tunng, members of Nação Zumbi and The Legendary Tigerman. The video for her version of Tom Waits’ Green Grass, directed by long time friend Gustavo Guimarães and Adams Carvalho, had over a million views on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="19054422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054422" title="KCDO-TV">
KCDO-TV

KCDO-TV, channel 3, is a full-service television station licensed to Sterling, Colorado, broadcasting on UHF channel 23 as an independent station. First going to air on December 28, 1963, the station is owned by Newsweb Corporation, operating under the name Channel 3 TV Company LLC.
KCDO is carried by Comcast in Denver and cities in Northern Colorado.
History.
The original channel 3 was assigned to Pueblo, Colorado with the call sign KDZA-TV, which operated in 1955. The station was a DuMont affiliate, co-owned with KDZA radio (1230 AM, now KKPC), and getting its signal from Denver via microwave, employing a relay tranmitter located in Black Forest. After only a few months, KDZA's Black Forest relay transmitter was destroyed in a wind storm, forcing the station to shut down due to lack of resources to replace the transmitter or to provide local programming. Star-Chieftain Publishing Corporation, owner of rival KCSJ-TV channel 5 (now KOAA-TV), bought the license and moved it to Sterling. A short time later, the station was sold to the McCracken family, owners of CBS affiliate KFBC-TV channel 5 (now KGWN-TV) in Cheyenne, Wyoming, which returned channel 3 to the air in late 1963 as KTVS, a satellite of KFBC.
In September 1999, Newsweb Corporation, operating under the name Channel 20 TV Company (CTTC), acquired KTVS from Benedek Broadcasting, then-owners of KGWN, with the intent of making KTVS a satellite of KTVD (Channel 20 TV Company is named for KTVD's channel number). It became one of very few U.S. satellite television stations which was older than its primary station, which signed on in 1988. On January 8, 2002, CTTC changed the station's call sign to KUPN, to reflect the UPN affiliation held by the primary station at the time. CTTC sold KTVD to Gannett in June 2006, but retained ownership of KUPN, making it an America One affiliate.
On July 21, 2008, CTTC once again changed the station's call sign to KCDO. To increase its viewer audience, the station applied to build a new transmitter southwest of Fort Morgan, Colorado. The new location and increased transmitter power added most of the Denver metro area as well as Fort Collins, Greeley, Longmont and Loveland to the station's service area. Construction on the new tower was completed in January 2010.
On December 31, 2008, Dish Network added KCDO to its line-up for subscribers in the Denver market. DirecTV also added the channel on January 28, 2009. 
KCDO switched to the Retro Television Network in 2009. The network was previously seen in Denver on KQDK-CA, before RTV severed its ties with Equity Media Holdings. For a time, the station also simulcast "Northern Colorado 5 News" from the second digital subchannel of KGWN-TV; this newscast is co-produced by KGWN and Independent News Network.
KCDO ended its affiliation with RTV in favor of more locally-produced programming on November 1, 2010.
KCDO currently is the "home" channel of Consumer News TV. CNTV highlights local businesses throughout Denver Colorado with host Gary Atencio.
Translators.
KCDO operates two digital fill-in translators. One translator is located in Kimball, NE on channel 23 and the other is located in Sidney, NE on channel 34.
KCDO programming can also be viewed on K39KL-D in Akron, CO, K22JL-D in Peetz, CO and KLPD-LD (subchannel 28.3) in Denver.

</doc>
<doc id="19054453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054453" title="Tenta, Cyprus">
Tenta, Cyprus

Tenta, also known as Kalavasos-Tenta, is a neolithic settlement in Cyprus, 4 km south of Kalavasos in the Larnaca District. It was discovered in 1947 by Pophyrios Dikaios.
History.
It became a settlement in the New Stone Age.
Archaeological excavations.
It was excavated by a team from the Brandeis University from 1976 to 1984—under Ian Todd's leadership. Excavations were carried out each summer from 1976 though 1979, and a final summer season took place in 1984. The excavations were funded for the first four seasons by the National Science Foundation (USA).

</doc>
<doc id="19054506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054506" title="Matt Finlay">
Matt Finlay

Matt Finlay (born September 28, 1962, in Toronto, Ontario) is a former professional Canadian football linebacker who played nine seasons for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19054566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054566" title="Rodney Ontong">
Rodney Ontong

Rodney Craig Ontong (born 9 September 1955 in Johannesburg) is a former first-class cricketer who played for Glamorgan County Cricket Club in England and various South African teams.
Ontong originally came to England from South Africa to pursue a football career and had trials with Chelsea in the early 1970s. He didn't impress enough to join their books, instead turning to cricket, as he had been having success as a club cricketer in London. The South African earned a place on the MCC groundstaff and coach Len Muncer later recommended him to Glamorgan, Muncer's former county. Ontong made his Glamorgan debut against the touring Australian team at Swansea in 1975. From 1977 he was a regular in the Glamorgan side and would return to South Africa at the conclusion of each English summer to play more first-class cricket.
Early in his career he was a right-arm fast-medium pace bowler but in 1983 he took up off-spin for the first time and it became his preferred craft. Around the same time Ontong moved from the middle and lower order to the number three position. Following Mike Selvey's sudden retirement halfway into the 1984 season, Ontong became captain of Glamorgan and he finished the summer with a career best 74 wickets. He also achieved his highest first-class score that season, an innings of 204 not out against Middlesex at Swansea.
He had arguably his best season in 1985 when he won the 'Cricket Society Wetherall Award' for the 'Leading All-Rounder in English First-Class Cricket' after making 1121 runs at 48.73 and taking 64 wickets at 27.76. In a match against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge he took figures of 5/39 and 8/67 as well as scoring 130. At the time he was just the second Glamorgan cricketer to achieve the feat of making a century and taking 10 wickets in a first-class match.
As Ontong had met the qualifying requirements to represent England in international cricket, he was said to have been close to being picked as the country's Test all-rounder and was also in consideration for a spot in their 1987 World Cup squad.
Over the course of his career at Glamorgan he passed 1000 runs in a season on five occasions and was their 'Player of the Year' in both 1982 and 1985. While in Wales he met and married the daughter of former Glamorgan player Jim Pressdee.
In August 1988, Ontong was badly injured in a car accident when he was travelling from Essex to Northamptonshire. The damage to his knee ended his career at Glamorgan although in the early 1990s he appeared in some matches for Northern Transvaal, a team he would go on to coach. He has also served as the Director of Coaching at Gauteng.
Rodney Ontong is not related to South African Test cricketer Justin Ontong.

</doc>
<doc id="19054573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054573" title="Charles Eric Hambro">
Charles Eric Hambro

Sir Charles Eric Hambro (30 September 1872 – 28 December 1947) was a British merchant banker and Conservative Party politician. 
He was the eldest son of Sir Everard Alexander Hambro, a merchant banker of Milton Abbey, Dorset and Hayes, Kent. He was educated at Eton College and Trinity College, Cambridge, before becoming a partner in C. J. Hambro & Son. He rose to become chairman of Hambros Bank. 
In July 1900 he was selected as the Conservative candidate to contest the constituency of Wimbledon. He was elected unopposed to the House of Commons at the general election held in September 1900. He held the seat at the next general election in 1906, with a majority of 2,114 votes over his Liberal opponent, St. George Lane Fox Pitt. In April 1907 it was announced that he would be resigning from parliament "on account of additional responsibilities which have been cast upon him in connexion with his business". He formally left parliament on appointment as Steward of the Manor of Northstead on 27 April 1907. In February 1919 he was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in recognition of his service at the Ministry of Information during the Great War. 
He was twice married: to Sybil Emily Smith in 1894, and following a divorce to Estelle Elger in 1929. He had two sons and two daughters from his first marriage, including Charles Jocelyn Hambro later became a senior intelligence officer and a respected merchant banker. He died at his home in Sunninghill, Berkshire, aged 75 on 28 December 1947, and was buried in the family grave in Hayes churchyard on New Year's Day 1948. 

</doc>
<doc id="19054593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054593" title="Bozum">
Bozum

Bozum may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19054632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054632" title="Stanmore Bay">
Stanmore Bay

Stanmore Bay is a suburb and beach on the Whangaparaoa Peninsula, in the Auckland Region of New Zealand. The beach is on the northern side of the peninsula.
The population was 5,007 in the 2006 Census, an increase of 405 from 2001.
Education.
Whangaparaoa College is a secondary (years 7-13) school with a decile rating of 9 and a roll of 1158. The college opened at the beginning of 2005, incorporating Hibiscus Coast Intermediate School. It was initially called Stanmore Bay Secondary School.
Stanmore Bay School is a contributing primary (years 1-6) school with a decile rating of 8 and a roll of 453. The school celebrated its 25th Jubilee in 2004.
Both schools are coeducational.

</doc>
<doc id="19054634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19054634" title="Shinagawa (disambiguation)">
Shinagawa (disambiguation)

Shinagawa can refer to:
People with the surname.
Fictional characters:

</doc>
