<doc id="18944450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944450" title="ANK3">
ANK3

Ankyrin-3 (ANK-3), also known as ankyrin-G, is a protein from ankyrin family that in humans is encoded by the "ANK3" gene.
Function.
The protein encoded by this gene, ankyrin-3 is an immunologically distinct gene product from ankyrins ANK1 and ANK2, and was originally found at the axonal initial segment and nodes of Ranvier of neurons in the central and peripheral nervous systems. Alternatively spliced variants may be expressed in other tissues. Although multiple transcript variants encoding several different isoforms have been found for this gene, the full-length nature of only two have been characterized.
Within the nervous system, ankyrin-G is specifically localized to the neuromuscular junction, the axon initial segment and the Nodes of Ranvier. Within the nodes of Ranvier where action potentials are actively propagated, ankyrin-G has long been thought to be the intermediate binding partner to neurofascin and voltage-gated sodium channels. The genetic deletion of ankyrin-G from multiple neuron types has shown that ankyrin-G is required for the normal clustering of voltage-gated sodium channels at the axon hillock and for action potential firing.
Disease linkage.
The ANK3 protein associates with the cardiac sodium channel Nav1.5 (). Both proteins are highly expressed at ventricular intercalated disc and T-tubule membranes in cardiomyocytes. A mutation in the Nav1.5 protein blocks interaction with ANK3 binding and therefore disrupts surface expression of Nav1.5 in cardiomyocytes resulting in Brugada syndrome, a type of cardiac arrhythmia.
Other mutations in the ANK3 gene may be involved in the bipolar disorder and intellectual disability.
Ankyrin family.
The protein encoded by the ANK3 gene is a member of the ankyrin family of proteins that link the integral membrane proteins to the underlying spectrin-actin cytoskeleton. Ankyrins play key roles in activities such as cell motility, activation, proliferation, contact and the maintenance of specialized membrane domains. Most ankyrins are typically composed of three structural domains: an amino-terminal domain containing multiple ankyrin repeats; a central region with a highly conserved spectrin binding domain; and a carboxy-terminal regulatory domain which is the least conserved and subject to variation.

</doc>
<doc id="18944468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944468" title="List of number-one singles of 1984 (Ireland)">
List of number-one singles of 1984 (Ireland)

This is a list of singles which have reached number one on the Irish Singles Chart in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18944470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944470" title="Artists for Humanity">
Artists for Humanity

Artists For Humanity (AFH) is a non-profit youth arts and enterprise organization based at 100 West Second Street in South Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
Artists For Humanity provides inner-city youth with keys to self-sufficiency through paid employment in the arts. It operates on the belief that exposure to the arts can be a productive and life-changing opportunity for young people. Bridging economic, racial, and social divisions, AFH works to restore urban neighborhoods by introducing young people’s creativity to the business community.
Goals.
The organization seeks to provide young artists with:
The Youth-Run Arts Micro-Enterprise.
AFH’s central program, the Youth-Run Arts Micro-Enterprise, is a year-round apprenticeship and leadership program that employs inner-city teens during out-of-school time. AFH partners small groups of youth with professional artists/designers and young artist mentors to design, create and sell art products. With staffed studios in five artistic media – painting/murals, sculpture/industrial design, silk-screen, graphic design and photography/web design, youth and mentors collaborate on creative projects, many commissioned by clients. In the process, young artists develop entrepreneurial skills, as they are encouraged to participate in outreach and marketing of projects.
The Artists For Humanity EpiCenter.
In September 2004, Artists For Humanity completed its 100% renewable energy EpiCenter, a 23,500 square foot center designed and developed to house expanded programming and gallery in Boston's Fort Point artist district. The EpiCenter provides Boston's young people with studio and gallery space. In October 2005, the United States Green Building Council awarded the Artists For Humanity EpiCenter a LEED Platinum certification – the highest honor for sustainable architecture. In 2007 the EpiCenter was awarded the Rudy Bruner Award for Urban Excellence silver medal. The EpiCenter was also recognized with ten awards for design excellence.
Social enterprise and social justice.
Artists For Humanity strives to cultivate social justice by fusing art and enterprise in the context of respect, responsibility, and meaningful relationships. By involving artists in the community and connecting artists with business, Artists For Humanity hopes to foster artistic growth and change perceptions.

</doc>
<doc id="18944487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944487" title="Ennomus">
Ennomus

In Greek mythology, Ennomus (Greek Ἔννομος "Ennomos") was the name of two defenders of Troy during the Trojan War:
An asteroid, 4709 Ennomos, is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18944496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944496" title="Ennomos">
Ennomos

Ennomos is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.

</doc>
<doc id="18944497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944497" title="Asadli">
Asadli

Asadli (, also Romanized as Asadlī) is a village in Aladagh Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 328, in 76 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="18944517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944517" title="Askarabad">
Askarabad

Askarabad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18944519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944519" title="Asgarabad">
Asgarabad

Asgarabad or Asgar Abad () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18944523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944523" title="Askerabad">
Askerabad

Askerabad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18944527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944527" title="Satake Yoshishige">
Satake Yoshishige


</doc>
<doc id="18944537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944537" title="Asgaran">
Asgaran

Asgaran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18944539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944539" title="Glasgow Industrial Airport">
Glasgow Industrial Airport

Glasgow Industrial Airport is a private airport located 14 nautical miles (16 miles or 26 km) northeast of the central business district of Glasgow, a city in Valley County, Montana, United States.
The airport is located on the site of the former Glasgow Air Force Base which was in operation from 1957 to 1968, then again from 1972 to 1976.
The Boeing Company operates a Flight Test Facility at this airport, which is maintained and operated by the Montana Aviation Research Company (MARCO), a Boeing subsidiary.
Facilities.
Glasgow Industrial Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 2,762 feet (842 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 10/28 with 13,500 by 300 ft (4,115 x 91 m) concrete surface.

</doc>
<doc id="18944554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944554" title="Batasan Hills">
Batasan Hills

Batasan Hills is a barangay of Quezon City, Philippines which contains the Batasan Hill, formerly known as Constitution Hill. On the hill is the Batasang Pambansa Complex, the legislative session hall of the House of Representatives of the Philippines.
The barangay borders the barangays of Commonwealth and Bagong Silangan to the north, Barangay Holy Spirit to the west, Barangay Matandang Balara to the south, and the town of San Mateo, Rizal to the east.
The Sandiganbayan of the Philippine government is also located there.
Background.
Barangay Batasan Hills is a portion of Barangay Matandang Balara separated and constituted into a new barangay thru the initiative of Ben Morales/President- Filinvest 1 Homeowners association, Melvin Morallos/Chairman-Tanggol Karapatan Dist.II/August Twenty One Movement and Manolo Taroy/Congressional Staff of Congressman Alberto of Catanduanes who sponsored the bill for the creation of Barangay Batasan Hills, and by virtue of "Batas Pambansa Blg. 343 - An Act Creating Barangay Batasan Hills in Quezon City, Metropolitan Manila" on February 25, 1983. Section 2 of the act specified the area of the new barangay:
A plebiscite was conducted and ratified by the majority of the votes casts by the residents. In 1986, after the People Power Revolution and 3 years after the approval of Batas Pambansa Blg. 343, the first set of barangay officials were appointed by President Corazon C. Aquino through the (then) Secretary of Interior and Local Government Aquilino Pimentel. Manuel D. Laxina was the first appointed Barangay Chairman, along with 6 Barangay Kagawads (Barangay Counselors).
The barangay was envisioned to be the new home of the National Government Center, an area housing the three branches of the Philippine government (legislative, executive and judicial), because Quezon City was declared the capital of the country in 1948. This government center in Quezon City was originally planned to be at what is now Quezon Memorial Circle, before it was moved north to the area of what is now Batasan Hills. Even as the Batasang Pambansa Complex was being completed, the capital of the country was transferred to Manila in 1976. Before its creation as a barangay, the area was called "Constitution Hill", referring to the hilly area on where the government center was supposed to rise.
Today, most of Batasan Hills is residential. Although it has one of the largest urban poor populations in the country, it is also home to middle and upper class real estate properties like Filinvest 1 and 2, Northview 1 and 2, and Treviso which were developed by real estate firm Filinvest Land. Other middle and upper class real estate properties include Vista Real Executive Village and Vista Real Classica Subdivision. 
As of May 1, 2010, the current population of the barangay stands at 150,764.
Government.
The barangay is in the Legislative districts of Quezon City. The current barangay captain is John "Jojo" M. Abad. (Youngest Elected Barangay Captain in Batasan Hills) It is home to several important National Government institutions including the House of Representatives of the Philippines at the Batasang Pambansa Complex, the Sandiganbayan, and the Commission on Audit
Buildings and structures.
Notable buildings and structures within the barangay include the Batasang Pambansa Complex which houses the House of Representatives, and the Sandiganbayan Centennial Building, home of the Sandiganbayan which is one of the major courts of the country. Other government establishments in the area include the headquarters of the Civil Service Commission, the Commission on Audit, and the Department of Social Welfare and Development.
Also located within the barangay is Ever Gotesco Commonwealth (a shopping mall), a Convergys office (call center), a branch of Starbucks, Ministop, and St. Peter's Parish along Commonwealth Avenue.
St. Peter's Parish was created
Villages/Subdivisions.
The barangay is mostly residential with a number of subdivisions and villages which include:
Schools.
There are schools located in the barangay namely:
Churches.
Sports Organization.
A group of darter's in luzviminda village particularly at Digos St.
this non-profit organization to encourage especially the youth of the 
new generation to have an interest to play and be one of the top players
not only in Batasan but as national dart player as well.
This group is organizing street darts tournament, during weekends.
Roads/Bridges.
There are three major roads in Barangay Batasan Hills, These are Commonwealth Avenue which is the widest road in the Philippines at 18 lanes (9 on both sides), and the Batasan (IBP) Road which is one of the main routes into the barangay. Also, the road has a tunnel which connects the southbound side of the road to Commonwealth Avenue. The third major route is the Batasan-San Mateo Road which connects the barangay to the town of San Mateo, Rizal where the Batasan-San Mateo Bridge in the Marikina River connects the two areas. There are smaller roads like Filinvest 2 Road which connects with the Batasan-San Mateo Road, and the Filinvest 1 Road which connects with Batasan Road.
Future MRT line
Currently there are no train lines along Commonwealth Avenue, traversing through the barangay. But there are plans to build one along the highway via the MRT 7 which will begin construction in 2010 or 2011. This MRT line starts from Quirino Highway in San Jose Del Monte, Bulacan through parts of Northern Caloocan and Quezon City through Commonwealth Avenue, and will end at North Avenue to connect with the MRT 3 line. This is expected to decongest traffic on the avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="18944557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944557" title="Just Stand Up!">
Just Stand Up!

"Just Stand Up!" is a song performed by an all-star charity supergroup of pop, R&B, rock, country artists during the live version during the telethon "Stand Up to Cancer". The group was purposely billed as Artists Stand Up to Cancer to the public.
American songwriter and producer Antonio "L.A." Reid conceived the collaboration after a meeting with the founder of Stand Up to Cancer, which will benefit from the proceeds of the record. Reid co-produced the track with American singer Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds, and the single was released on August 21, 2008.
The singers performed the song live on the "Stand Up to Cancer" show, which aired simultaneously on US TV networks ABC, CBS and NBC on September 5, 2008.
The single was re-released on September 30, 2008, with the original recording, as well as the audio of the live performance. The CD was enhanced so it had special features for a computer. A music video was not produced for the single.
On October 15, 2010, the song was confirmed to be double-Platinum by the RIAA, and the music video was confirmed to be Gold.
Live performance.
The live performance was on "Stand Up 2 Cancer" event on September 5, 2008, aired by multiple channels. All the original artists appeared for the performance, except LeAnn Rimes, Sheryl Crow and Melissa Etheridge, with the addition of Nicole Scherzinger from the Pussycat Dolls singing the parts of Sheryl Crow. The live performance is slightly different from the original song available for download. The live performance video is available on iTunes.
Chart performance.
The song debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at 78 on the week of September 13, 2008. The next week it was the greatest sales gainer and jumped 67 places to land at number 11. The next week, however, the song fell to number 36. It has also peaked on the "Billboard" Pop 100 chart at 18. As of October 2013, "Just Stand Up!" has sold 393,000 digital downloads in the US. On the UK Singles Chart, it debuted at number 39, before climbing the chart to number 26. Also on the Canadian Hot 100 chart it made a "Hot Shot Debut" at number 10 in the week of September 11, 2008, based on downloads.

</doc>
<doc id="18944566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944566" title="Capital Talk">
Capital Talk

Capital Talk is a flagship GEO News program which is a one-hour debate on current events hosted by Hamid Mir.
It is broadcast four days a week (Monday to Thursday) on GEO News. Launched in 2002, it is the oldest current events program in Pakistan. Special transmissions are also broadcast focusing on crises zones, more important ones of which took place during Long March of 2009.
In December 2007, the show was banned by General Pervez Musharraf due to Mir's constant criticism of the Government. The show returned in January 2008 but was hosted by Muhammad Malik instead of Hamid Mir. After the General Election of 2008, Mir returned to "Capital Talk".
On October 2012, Capital Talk completed its 10 years of running. This was celebrated by Geo News by running a special episode of the program.
Few of the famous political figures which have been interviewed include General Pervez Musharraf, Asif Zardari, Nawaz Sharif, Jemima Khan, Imran Khan, Chaudhry Shujaat, Hillary Clinton and Condoleezza Rice.
The show has a popular anti-establishment stance, particularly after Asghar Khan petition decision by Supreme Court of Pakistan, Mir has been loud about influence of ISI and military on political and democratic environment of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18944569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944569" title="Upper Princess Falls">
Upper Princess Falls

Upper Princess Falls is a 6.7 metre high complex, cascade, ribbon waterfall found on the "Chedoke Radial Trail" in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Many of the falls in west Hamilton are accessible from the Chedoke Radial Trail. It is built on what was once the route for the Brantford and "Hamilton Electric Railway" owned by the "Cataract Power Light and Traction Company" (later Dominion Power and Transmission). The "Five Johns", (John Cameron, John Dickenson (Canadian politician), John Morison Gibson, John Moodie, Sr. and John Sutherland), form "The Cataract Power Co. Ltd." introducing electric power to Hamilton in 1898. On August 25, 1898, power was sent twenty seven miles from "DeCew Falls", St. Catharines, using water from the old Welland Canal. New industries, such as the forerunners of the Steel Co. of Canada (Stelco) and Canadian Westinghouse, were attracted here by the cheaper, more efficient power. One time this Company controlled hydro power from Brantford to St. Catharines, including the Hamilton Street Railway and the area's radial lines. Back then the city's nickname was ""The Electric City.""
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Chedoke Civic Golf Course, Dundurn Castle, Royal Botanical Gardens, Canadian Football Hall of Fame Museum, Copps Coliseum.
Directions.
To reach Upper Princess Falls, from Highway 403 take the Lincoln M. Alexander Parkway east to Hamilton. Exit on Mohawk Road, turn left at light (onto Mohawk) and proceed to "Scenic Drive". Turn left on Scenic Dr. and travel for 1.5 kilometre to where Scenic Dr. takes a 90 degree bend and on the left side is a small parking lot. From the parking lot look for the entrance to the Bruce Trail and the Chedoke Radial Trail, then follow the combined trails eastward for about five minutes to Upper Princess Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="18944584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944584" title="Britannia School">
Britannia School

Britannia School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18944585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944585" title="Imara Esteves Ribalta">
Imara Esteves Ribalta

Imara Esteves Ribalta (born April 15, 1978) is a Cuban olympic beach volleyballer at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She is partnered with Milagros Crespo.

</doc>
<doc id="18944587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944587" title="Milagros Crespo">
Milagros Crespo

Milagros Victoria Crespo Valle (born 4 February 1979 in Cabaiguán) is a Cuban olympic beach volleyballer at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She is partnered with Imara Esteves Ribalta.
Playing with Ion Canet, she won the NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit 2009 Manzanillo tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18944592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944592" title="Chiaki Kusuhara">
Chiaki Kusuhara


</doc>
<doc id="18944599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944599" title="Efthalia Koutroumanidou">
Efthalia Koutroumanidou

Efthalia "Thaleia" Koutroumanidou (; born 7 October 1982 in Volos) is a Greek Olympic beach volleyballer at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Athens Olympics. She is partnered with Maria Tsiartsiani.

</doc>
<doc id="18944607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944607" title="Maria Tsiartsiani">
Maria Tsiartsiani

Maria Tsiartsiani (; born 21 October 1980 in Thessaloniki) is a Greek Olympic beach volleyballer. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, partnering with Efthalia Koutroumanidou. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed with Vassiliki Arvaniti.

</doc>
<doc id="18944612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944612" title="Judith Augoustides">
Judith Augoustides

Judith Augoustides (born 10 April 1975) is a South African olympic beach volleyballer. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, partnering with Vita Nel.
In 2005, she married Casey Augoustides. Their baby girl Karla was born on 5 August 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18944618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944618" title="Enorches">
Enorches

In Greek mythology, Enorches ("Enorchês") was a son of Thyestes by his sister Daeta. He was born out of an egg and built a temple to Dionysus, who was hence called "Dionysus Enorches", though "Enorches" may also describe the god as the dancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18944619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944619" title="Vita Nel">
Vita Nel

Vitalina "Vita" Nel (born 11 December 1975) is a South African olympic beach volleyballer who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She was partnered with Judith Augoustides.

</doc>
<doc id="18944622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944622" title="Esla">
Esla

Esla can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18944664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944664" title="Ətcələr">
Ətcələr

Ətcələr or Etchelyar or Etcheler or Echelyar or Atcalar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18944771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944771" title="Beijing Social and Economic Research Institute">
Beijing Social and Economic Research Institute

Beijing Social and Economic Research Institute was the first independent political think tank in China, which was created in 1986 by members of the Beijing Spring group, in an aftermath of the Democracy Wall events of 1978-79. It closed after the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18944789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944789" title="Entochus">
Entochus

Entochus was an Ancient Greek sculptor. His statues of Oceanus and Jupiter were in the collection of Asinius Pollio.

</doc>
<doc id="18944803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944803" title="Dawn Media Group">
Dawn Media Group

The Dawn Media Group is the trading name of Pakistan Herald Publications (Pvt.) Ltd., a Pakistani media company. It started using this trading name in 2008 ""to reflect the Group's transformation from a publisher of newspapers and magazines into a powerful multimedia group"" (from a 2011 corporate brochure).
Ownership.
The Karachi based group is owned by the powerful Haroon and Saigol families. The CEO is Hameed Haroon, and its chairman is Amber Haroon Saigol, daughter of the previous chairman Mahmoud Haroon and the 11th richest individual in Pakistan in 1993 (the only year that the Pakistani government has published the wealth of the country's richest citizens). A list over the 40 richest families in Pakistan, published in 2006, ranks the Saigol family as the sixth richest and the Haroons and the 16th richest.
Structure.
The Dawn Media Group covers three areas: print media (organised as a separate division called Dawn Group of Newspapers), broadcast media, and internet media:

</doc>
<doc id="18944829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944829" title="Julien Bontemps">
Julien Bontemps

Julien Bontemps (born 1 June 1979 in Épinal, Vosges) is a male sailor from France, who won the silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He is married to Irina Konstantinova, an olympic windsurfer.

</doc>
<doc id="18944841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944841" title="Geoff Bryan">
Geoff Bryan

Geoff Bryan (born 1956) is a New Zealand television broadcaster, currently a sports presenter for TVNZ, and most well known for presenting the Olympic and Commonwealth Games since 1988. He has covered Six Summer Olympic Games from 1988 to 2008, and five Commonwealth Games from 1990 to 2006. Bryan was born in Kent, England, and moved with his family to Australia first and then to Wellington when he was a child, in the late 1960s. He completed a degree in Political Science and History at Victoria University of Wellington, before working in radio, including as a DJ for 2ZM in Wellington in the late 1970s and 1980s. He progressed into television in 1982, and became a sports presenter for TVNZ in 1987. Bryan, along with Keith Quinn and John McBeth were laid off by TVNZ 2007, before the company invited all three to compete for a single vacancy in Auckland. He was the successful applicant and is still employed by TVNZ.
Bryan is also a radio news presenter for The Radio Network. He began with the "IRN News Centre" as breakfast newsreader, and then became part of the Newstalk ZB News team when IRN combined with the Newstalk ZB Newsroom. He was part of the Affiliates unit, which is based in the Auckland newsroom of Newstalk ZB, and produces bulletins for many commercial stations around the country, including other stations of The Radio Network. He remained a breakfast newsreader for the Affiliates unit until mid-2009, when his position was combined with another role, and he was made redundant. However, he remains working on contract and is a regular fill-in newsreader on both the Newstalk ZB Network, and the Affiliates bulletins.
He is married with four young adult children and lives in Auckland, and is also a sought after and entertaining speaker.

</doc>
<doc id="18944858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944858" title="Entoria">
Entoria

In Roman mythology, Entoria was the daughter of a Roman countryman. Cronos (Saturn) who was once hospitably received by him, became, by Entoria, the father of four sons: Janus, Hymnus, Faustus, and Felix. 
Cronos taught the father the cultivation of the vine and the preparation of wine, enjoining him to teach his neighbours the same. This was done accordingly, but the country people, who became intoxicated with their new drink, thought it to be poison, and stoned their neighbour to death, whereupon his grandsons hung themselves in their grief.
At a much later time, when the Romans were visited by a plague, they were told by the Delphic oracle, that the plague was a punishment for the outrage committed on Entoria's father, and Lutatius Catulus caused a temple to be erected to Cronos on the Tarpeian rock, and in it an altar with four faces.

</doc>
<doc id="18944871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944871" title="List of mountains in Malaysia">
List of mountains in Malaysia

The following is a sortable list of the mountains and hills of Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="18944886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944886" title="Tom Biscardi">
Tom Biscardi

Carmine Thomas Biscardi (born 1948) is a cryptozoology enthusiast, Las Vegas promoter, internet radio host, and film producer. He describes himself as the "Real Bigfoot Hunter". Biscardi has been centrally involved in several hoaxes regarding Bigfoot that have garnered widespread international media attention.
Biography.
On his website, Biscardi writes, "I was watching John Carson in 1967 , and I saw the first 8mm footage that Roger Patterson took of the Bluff Creek incident. I said to myself, 'How the hell can we send a man to the moon, but we can't find this creature'." His first search for Bigfoot was reported in the magazine "Saga" in 1973. In 1981, Biscardi produced a documentary film called "In the Shadow of Bigfoot".
He is the current CEO and founder of BIGFOOT Inc.
Besides Bigfoot, Biscardi has investigated sightings of the Lizard Man of Scape Ore Swamp.
Biscardi appears in the 2008 documentary "Not Your Typical Bigfoot Movie", which focuses on the search for Bigfoot in Ohio.
2005 hoax.
On July 14, 2005, Biscardi appeared on the radio program "Coast to Coast AM" and claimed he was "98% sure" his group would be able to capture a Bigfoot near Happy Camp, California. On August 19, he returned to say he knew of the location of a captured Bigfoot specimen, and that he would air footage of the creature through a $14 web-cam service. However, on the day the footage was to be distributed, Biscardi claimed he was "hoodwinked" by a woman in Stagecoach, Nevada, and that the specimen did not exist. "Coast to Coast AM" host George Noory demanded that Biscardi refund the money to people who had paid for the web-cam subscription. Biscardi then offered a refund on his website to those who had subscribed for the service after August 19.
2008 hoax.
In August 2008, Matthew Whitton and Rick Dyer of Georgia announced that they had discovered the carcass of a 7-foot-7-inch, 500-pound Bigfoot-like creature while hiking through the northern mountains of their state. They said they had placed the body in a freezer in an undisclosed location. They also claimed to have seen three similar creatures when they found the body.
Tom Biscardi teamed up with Whitton and Dyer to promote the claim that they had a Bigfoot corpse, and promised the media DNA evidence. The three held a press conference in Palo Alto, California, where they showed photographs of the alleged creature. Whitton boasted, “Everyone who has talked down to us is going to eat their words." Biscardi also tried to reassure the media of the corpse's authenticity, saying, "Last weekend, I touched it, I measured its feet, I felt its intestines."
Matthew Whitton and Rick Dyer have since admitted that it was a rubber costume.
Matthew Whitton, a police officer in Clayton County, Georgia, put his career in jeopardy after participating in the hoax. Clayton County Police Chief Jeff Turner said, "Once he perpetrated a fraud, that goes into his credibility and integrity. He has violated the duty of a police officer." Biscardi claimed that he was deceived, and that he was seeking justice.

</doc>
<doc id="18944899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944899" title="Samson of Tottington">
Samson of Tottington

Samson of Tottington (b. at Tottington, near Thetford, in 1135; d. 1211) was an English Benedictine monk who became Abbot of Bury St. Edmunds.
Life.
After taking his M.A. in Paris, Samson returned to Norfolk and taught in the school at Bury St. Edmunds. In 1160 the monks of St. Edmunds sent him to Rome on their behalf to appeal against an agreement of the abbot and Henry II of England, and for this on his return Abbot Hugh promptly clapped him into gaol. By 1166 Samson was a fully professed monk, and in the years following he filled a number of offices - those of sub-sacrist, guestmaster, pittancer, third prior, master of novices, and master of the workmen.
Abbot Hugh died in 1180, and on the advice of Eysteinn of Nidaros who resided in the abbey between 1181 and 82, Samson was elected abbot of Bury St. Edmunds on 21 February 1182. For the rest of his life, Samson worked for the abbey, for the town, and for the State. He regained the right of joint election of two bailiffs for the abbey and town, "improved the monastery’s financial position by paying off debts, stamping out independent borrowing by his monks, ...increasing revenues from the abbey’s holdings," rebuilt the choir, constructed an aqueduct, and added the great bell tower at the west end of the abbey and two flanking towers. He defended the liberties of the town. He helped the townsfolk to obtain a charter and encouraged new settlers. The monks resisted Samson's concessions of market rights to the townsmen, but were no match for their abbot. A hospital at Babwell, and a free school for poor scholars, were also the gifts of Abbot Samson to the townspeople. 
He was abbot at the time of the 1190 massacre of Jews in Bury St Edmunds. He also oversaw and arranged for the expulsion of all Jewish townspeople, asking in his letter to King Richard I “for written permission to expel the Jews from St Edmund’s town, on the grounds that everything in the town...belonged by right to St Edmund: therefore, either the Jews should be St Edmund’s men or they should be banished from the town.”
Pope Lucius III made Samson a judge delegate in ecclesiastical causes; he served on the commission for settling the quarrel between Hubert Walter and the monks of Canterbury; and on the Royal Council in London, where he sat as a baron, opposing the efforts of William of Longchamp to curtail the rights of the Benedictine Order.
Samson died in 1211, having ruled his abbey for almost thirty years. Thomas Carlyle in "Book 2: The Ancient Monk" of "Past and Present" wrote an extended essay on Samson and leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="18944922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944922" title="List of number-one singles of 1985 (Ireland)">
List of number-one singles of 1985 (Ireland)

This is a list of singles which have reached number one on the Irish Singles Chart in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18944929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944929" title="Eyvazlılar">
Eyvazlılar

Eyvazlılar is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 515. 

</doc>
<doc id="18944945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944945" title="Epactaeus">
Epactaeus

In Greek mythology, Epactaeus, Epactius, Epaktaios or Epaktios – that is, the god worshipped on the coast – was used as a surname of Poseidon in Samos, and of Apollo. 

</doc>
<doc id="18944960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944960" title="Nissan Motor Car Carrier">
Nissan Motor Car Carrier

Nissan Motor Car Carrier is a privately owned shipping company with two strong owners: Nissan Motors(60 per cent) and Mitsui O.S.K. Lines(40 per cent).
A subsidiary, Euro Marine Carrier is the short sea operator in Europe.
NMCC has a cooperative business relationship with a Norwegian shipping company, Höegh Autoliners.

</doc>
<doc id="18944978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18944978" title="I Want It All (disambiguation)">
I Want It All (disambiguation)

I Want It All also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18945005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945005" title="Akbar">
Akbar

Akbar (; 14 October 1542 – 27 October 1605), also known as "Akbar the Great" or "Akbar I", was Mughal Emperor from 1556 until his death. He was the third and greatest ruler of the Mughal Dynasty in India. Akbar succeeded his father, Humayun, under a regent, Bairam Khan, who helped the young emperor expand and consolidate Mughal domains in India. A strong personality and a successful general, Akbar gradually enlarged the Mughal Empire to include nearly all of the Indian Subcontinent north of the Godavari river. His power and influence, however, extended over the entire country because of Mughal military, political, cultural, and economic dominance. To unify the vast Mughal state, Akbar established a centralised system of administration throughout his empire and adopted a policy of conciliating conquered rulers through marriage and diplomacy. In order to preserve peace and order in a religiously and culturally diverse empire, he adopted policies that won him the support of his non-Muslim subjects. Eschewing tribal bonds and Islamic state identity, Akbar strived to unite far-flung lands of his realm through loyalty, expressed through a Persianised culture, to himself as an emperor who had near-divine status.
Mughal India developed a strong and stable economy, leading to commercial expansion and greater patronage of culture. Akbar himself was a patron of art and culture. He was fond of literature, and created a library of over 24,000 volumes written in Sanskrit, Hindustani, Persian, Greek, Latin, Arabic and Kashmiri, staffed by many scholars, translators, artists, calligraphers, scribes, bookbinders and readers. Holy men of many faiths, poets, architects and artisans adorned his court from all over the world for study and discussion. Akbar's courts at Delhi, Agra, and Fatehpur Sikri became centers of the arts, letters, and learning. Perso-Islamic culture began to merge and blend with indigenous Indian elements, and a distinct Indo-Persian culture emerged characterised by Mughal style arts, painting, and architecture. Disillusioned with orthodox Islam and perhaps hoping to bring about religious unity within his empire, Akbar promulgated Din-i-Ilahi, a syncretic creed derived from Islam, Hinduism, Zoroastrianism, and Christianity. A simple, monotheistic cult, tolerant in outlook, it centered on Akbar as a prophet, for which he drew the ire of the ulema and orthodox Muslims.
Akbar's reign significantly influenced the course of Indian history. During his rule, the Mughal empire tripled in size and wealth. He created a powerful military system and instituted effective political and social reforms. By abolishing the sectarian tax on non-Muslims and appointing them to high civil and military posts, he was the first Mughal ruler to win the trust and loyalty of the native subjects. He had Sanskrit literature translated, participated in native festivals, realizing that a stable empire depended on the co-operation and good-will of his subjects. Thus, the foundations for a multicultural empire under Mughal rule was laid during his reign. Akbar was succeeded as emperor by his son, Jahangir.
Early years and name.
Akbar was born on 14 October 1542 (the fourth day of Rajab, 949 AH), at the Rajput Fortress of Umerkot in Sindh (in modern day Pakistan), where Emperor Humayun and his recently wedded wife, Hamida Banu Begum, daughter of Shaikh Ali Akbar Jami, a Persian, were taking refuge. After the capture of Kabul by Humayun, Badruddin's circumcision ceremony was held and his date of birth and name were changed to throw off evil sorcerers and he was renamed Jalal-ud-din Muhammad by Humayun, a name which he had heard in his dream at Lahore.
Humayun had been driven into exile in Persia by the Pashtun leader Sher Shah Suri. Akbar did not go to Persia with his parents, but was brought up in Kabul by the extended family of his paternal uncles, Kamran Mirza and Askari Mirza, and his aunts, in particular Kamran Mirza's wife. He spent his youth learning to hunt, run, and fight, made him a daring, powerful and a brave warrior, but he never learned to read or write. This, however, did not hinder his search for knowledge as it is said always when he retired in the evening he would have someone read. In November of 1551, Akbar married his first cousin, Ruqaiya Sultan Begum at Kabul. Princess Ruqaiya was the only daughter of his paternal uncle, Hindal Mirza, and was his first wife and chief consort. The marriage was arranged by Akbar's father and Ruqaiya's uncle, Emperor Humayun, and took place soon after the untimely death of Hindal Mirza, who died in a battle.
Following the chaos over the succession of Sher Shah Suri's son Islam Shah, Humayun reconquered Delhi in 1555, leading an army partly provided by his Persian ally Tahmasp I. A few months later, Humayun died. Akbar's guardian, Bairam Khan concealed the death in order to prepare for Akbar's succession. Akbar succeeded Humayun on 14 February 1556, while in the midst of a war against Sikandar Shah to reclaim the Mughal throne. In Kalanaur, Punjab, the 13-year-old Akbar was enthroned by Bairam Khan on a newly constructed platform, which still stands. He was proclaimed "Shahanshah" (Persian for "King of Kings"). Bairam Khan ruled on his behalf until he came of age.
Military campaigns.
Military innovations.
Akbar was accorded the epithet "the Great" due to his many accomplishments, among which was his record of unbeaten military campaigns that both established and consolidated Mughal rule in the Indian subcontinent. The basis of this military prowess and authority was Akbar's skillful structural and organisational calibration of the Mughal army. The Mansabdari system in particular has been acclaimed for its role in upholding Mughal power in the time of Akbar. The system persisted with few changes down to the end of the Mughal Empire, but was progressively weakened under his successors.
Organisational reforms were accompanied by innovations in cannons, fortifications, and the use of elephants. Akbar also took an interest in matchlocks and effectively employed them during various conflicts. He sought the help of Ottomans, and also increasingly of Europeans, especially Portuguese and Italians, in procuring firearms and artillery. Mughal firearms in the time of Akbar came to be far superior to anything that could be deployed by regional rulers, tributaries, or by zamindars. Such was the impact of these weapons that Akbar's Vizier, Abul Fazl, once declared that "with the exception of Turkey, there is perhaps no country in which its guns has more means of securing the Government than ." The term "Gunpower Empire" has thus often been used by scholars and historians in analysing the success of the Mughals in India. Mughal power has been seen as owing to their mastery of the techniques of warfare, especially the use of firearms encouraged by Akbar.
Struggle for North India.
Akbar, who had been born in 1542 while his father, Humayun, was in flight from the victorious Surs, was only thirteen when he was proclaimed emperor in 1556. His father had succeeded in regaining control of the Punjab, Delhi, and Agra with Persian support, but even in these areas Mughal rule was precarious, and when the Surs reconquered Agra and Delhi following the death of Humayun, the fate of the boy emperor seemed uncertain. Akbar's minority and the lack of any possibility of militiary assistance from the Mughal stronghold of Kabul, that was at this time in the throes of an invasion by the ruler of Badakhshan, Prince Mirza Suleiman, aggravated the situation. When his regent, Bairam Khan, called a council of war to marshall the Mughal forces, none of Akbar's chieftains approved of it. However, Bairam Khan was ultimately able to prevail over the nobles and it was decided that the Mughals would march against the strongest of the Sur rulers, Sikandar Shah Suri, in the Punjab. Delhi was left under the regency of Tardi Baig Khan. Sikandar Shah Suri, however, presented no major concern for Akbar, and avoided giving battle as the Mughal army approached. The gravest threat came from Hemu, a minister and general of one of the Sur rulers, who had proclaimed himself Hindu emperor and expelled the Mughals from the Indo-Gangetic plains.
Urged by Bairam Khan, who re-marshalled the Mughal army before Hemu could consolidate his position, Akbar marched on Delhi to reclaim it. Akbar's army, led by Bairam Khan, defeated Hemu and the Sur army on 5 November 1556 at the Second Battle of Panipat, north of Delhi. Soon after the battle, Mughal forces occupied Delhi and then Agra. Akbar made a triumphant entry into Delhi, where he stayed for a month. Then he and Bairam Khan returned to Punjab, to deal with Sikandar Shah, who had become active again. In the next six months, the Mughals won another major battle against Sikander Shah Suri, who then fled east to Bengal. Akbar and his forces occupied Lahore and then seized Multan in the Punjab. In 1558, Akbar took possession of Ajmer, the aperture to Rajputana, after the defeat and flight of its Muslim ruler. Late in the same year, a Mughal commander defeated Ibrahim, the last Sur prince, and annexed Jaunpur, the capital of the former Sultanate of Jaunpur in the eastern Gangetic valley. The Mughals had also besieged and defeated the Sur forces in control of Gwalior Fort, the greatest stronghold north of the Narmada river.
The flurry of victories put the vital cities and strongholds located between Lahore, Delhi, Agra, and Jaunpur under Akbar's control. This was Hindustan, the old heartland of Muslim Turko-Afghan political and military power in India. The Mughals, like their predecessors, were now poised to tap the immense agricultural productivity and trade potential of the epicenter of the Indo-Gangetic plains. Royal begums, along with the families of Mughal amirs, were finally brought over from Kabul to India at the time–according to Akbar's vizier, Abul Fazl, "so that men might become settled and be restrained in some measure from departing to a country to which they were accustomed. Akbar had firmly declared his intentions that the Mughals were in India to stay. This was a far cry from the political settlements by his grandfather, Babur, and by his father, Humayun, both of whom had done little to indicate that they were anything but transient rulers.
Expansion into Central India.
By 1559, the Mughals had launched a drive to the south into Rajputana and Malwa. However, Akbar's disputes with his regent, Bairam Khan, temporarily put an end to the expansion. The young emperor, at the age of eighteen, wanted to take a more active part in managing affairs. Urged on by his foster mother, Maham Anaga, and his relatives, Akbar decided to dispense with the services of Bairam Khan. After yet another dispute at court, Akbar finally dismissed Bairam Khan in the spring of 1560 and ordered him to leave on Hajj to Mecca. Bairam Khan left for Mecca, but on his way was goaded by his opponents to rebel. He was defeated by the Mughal army in the Punjab and forced to submit. Akbar, however forgave him and gave him the option of either continuing in his court or resuming his pilgrimage, of which Bairam chose the latter. Bairam Khan was later assassinated on his way to Mecca, allegedly by an Afghan with a personal vendetta. In 1560, Akbar resumed military operations. A Mughal army under the command of his foster brother, Adham Khan, and a Mughal commander, Pir Muhammad Khan, invaded Malwa. The Afghan ruler, Baz Bahadur, was defeated at the Battle of Sarangpur, and fled to Khandesh for refuge leaving behind his harem, treasure, and war elephants. Despite initial success, the campaign proved a disaster from Akbar's point of view. His foster brother retained all the spoils and followed through with the Central Asian practice of slaughtering the surrendered garrison, their wives and children, and many Muslim theologians and Sayyids, who were the descendants of the Prophet Muhammad. Akbar personally rode to Malwa to confront Adham Khan and relieve him of command. Pir Muhammad Khan was then sent in pursuit of Baz Bahadur but was beaten back by the alliance of the rulers of Khandesh and Berar. Baz Bahadur temporarily regained control of Malwa until, in the next year, Akbar sent another Mughal army to invade and annex the kingdom. Malwa became a province of the nascent imperial administration of Akbar's regime. Baz Bahadur survived as a refugee at various courts untils until, eight years later, in 1570, he took service under Akbar.
Despite ultimate success in Malwa, the conflict however, exposed cracks in Akbar's personal relationships with his relatives and Mughal nobles. When Adham Khan confronted Akbar following another dispute in 1562, he was struck down by the emperor and thrown from a terrace into the palace courtyard at Agra. Still alive, Adham Khan was dragged up and thrown to the courtyard once again by Akbar to ensure his death. Akbar now sought to eliminate the threat of over-mighty subjects. He created specialized ministerial posts relating to imperial governance. No member of the Mughal nobility was to have unnestioned pre-eminence. When a powerful clan of Uzbek chiefs broke out in rebellion in 1564, Akbar decisively defeated and routed them in Malwa and then Bihar. He pardoned the rebellious leaders, hoping to conciliate them. But they rebelled again, so Akbar had to quell their uprising a second time. Following a third revolt with the proclamation of Mirza Muhammad Hakim, Akbar's brother and the Mughal ruler of Kabul, as emperor, his patience was finally exhausted. Several Uzbek chieftains were subsequently slain and the rebel leaders trampled to death under elephants. Simultaneously the Mirza's, a group of Akbar's distant cousins who held important fiefs near Agra, had also risen up in rebellion. They, too were slain and driven out of the empire. In 1566, Akbar moved to meet the forces of his brother, Muhammad Hakim, who had marched into the Punjab with dreams of seizing the imperial throne. Following a brief confontration, however, Muhammad Hakim accepted Akbar's supremacy and retreated back to Kabul.
In 1564, Mughal forces conquered the Gondwana kingdom. Gondwana, a thinly populated hilly area in central India was of interest to the Mughals because of its herd of wild elephants. The territory was ruled over by Raja Vir Narayan, a minor, and his mother, Durgavati, a Rajput warrior queen of the Gonds. Akbar did not personally lead the campaign because he was preoccupied with the Uzbek rebellion, but left the expedition in the hands of Asaf Khan, the Mughal governor of Kara. Durgavati committed suicide after her defeat at the Battle of Damoh while Raja Vir Narayan was slain at the Fall of Chauragarh, the mountain fortress of the Gonds. The Mughals seized immense wealth, an uncalculated amount of gold and silver, jewels and 1000 elephants. Kamala Devi, a younger sister of Durgavati, was sent to the Mughal harem. The brother of Durgavati's deceased husband was installed as the Mughal administrator of the region. Like in Malwa, however, Akbar entered into a dispute with his vassals over the conquest of Gondwana. Asaf Khan was accused of keeping most of the treasures, and sending back only 200 elephants to Akbar. When summoned to give accounts, he fled Gondwana. He went first to the Uzbeks, then returned to Gondwana where he was pursued by Mughal forces. Finally, he submitted and Akbar restored him to his previous position.
Conquest of Rajputana.
Having established Mughal rule over northern India, Akbar turned his attention to the conquest of Rajputana. No imperial power in India based on the Indo-Gangetic plains could be secure if a rival centre of power existed on its flank in Rajputana. The Mughals had already established domination over parts of northern Rajputana in Mewar, Ajmer, and Nagor. Now, however, Akbar was determined to drive into the heartlands of the Rajput kings that had never previously submitted to the Muslim rulers of the Delhi Sultanate. Beginning in 1561, the Mughals actively engaged the Rajputs in warfare and diplomacy. Most Rajput states accepted Akbar's suzerainty; the ruler of Mewar, Udai Singh, however, remained outside the imperial fold. Raja Udai Singh was descended from the Sisodia ruler, Rana Sanga, who had died fighting Babur at the Battle of Khanwa in 1527. As the head of the Sisodia clan, he possessed the highest ritual status of all the Rajput kings and chieftains in India. Unless Udai Singh was reduced to submission, the imperial authority of the Mughals would be lessened in Rajput eyes. Furthermore, Akbar, at this early period, was still enthusiastically devoted to the cause of Islam and sought to impress the superiority of his faith over the most prestigious warriors in Brahminical Hinduism.
In 1567, Akbar moved to reduce the Chittorgarh Fort in Mewar. The fortress-capital of Mewar was of great strategic importance as it lay on the shortest route from Agra to Gujarat and was also considered a key to holding the interior parts of Rajputana. Udai Singh retired to the hills of Mewar, leaving two Rajput warriors, Jaimal and Patta, in charge of the defense of his capital. Chittorgarh fell on February 1568 after a siege of four months. Akbar had the surviving defenders massacred and their heads displayed upon towers erected throughout the region, in order to demonstrate his authority. The total loot that fell into the hands of the Mughals was distributed throughout the empire. He remained in Chittorgarh for three days, then returned to Agra, where to commemorate the victory, he set up, at the gates of his fort, statues of Jaimal and Patta mounted on elephants. Udai Singh's power and influence was broken. He never again ventured out his mountain refuge in Mewar and Akbar was content to let him be.
The fall of Chittorgarh was followed up by a Mughal attack on the Ranthambore Fort in 1568. Ranthambore was held by the Hada Rajputs and reputed to be the most powerful fortress in India. However, it fell only after a couple of months. Akbar was now the master of almost the whole of Rajputana. Most of the Rajput kings had submitted to the Mughals. Only the clans of Mewar continued to resist. Udai Singh's son and successor, Pratap Singh, was later defeated by the Mughals at the Battle of Haldighati in 1576. He spent the remainder of his life in exile in the Aravalli hills. Akbar would celebrate his conquest of Rajputana by laying the foundation of a new capital, W.S.W of Agra in 1569. It was called Fatehpur Sikri ("the city of victory").
Annexation of Western and Eastern India.
Akbar's next military objectives were the conquest of Gujarat and Bengal, which connected India with the trading centres of Asia, Africa, and Europe through the Arabian Sea and the Bay of Bengal respectively. Furthermore, Gujarat had been a haven for rebellious Mughal nobles, while in Bengal, the Afghans still held considerable influence under their ruler, Sulaiman Khan Karrani. Akbar first moved against Gujarat, which lay in the crook of the Mughal provinces of Rajputana and Malwa. Gujarat, with its coastal regions, possessed areas of rich agricultural production in its central plain; an impressive output of textiles and other industrial goods, and the busiest seaports of India. Akbar intended to link the maritime state with the massive resources of the Indo-Gangetic plains. However, the ostensible casus belli was that the rebel Mirzas, who had previously been driven out of India, were now operating out of a base in southern Gujarat. Morever, Akbar had received invitations from cliques in Gujarat to oust the reigning king, which served as justification for his military expedition. In 1572, he moved to occupy Ahmedabad, the capital, and other northern cities, and was proclaimed the lawful sovereign of Gujarat. By 1573, he had driven out the Mirzas who, after offering token resistance, fled for refuge in the Deccan. Surat, the commercial capital of the region and other coastal cities soon capitulated to the Mughals. The king, Muzaffar Shah III, was caught hiding in a corn field; he was pensioned off by Akbar with a small allowance.
Having established his authority over Gujarat, Akbar returned to Fatephur Sikiri, where he built the Buland Darwaza to commemorate his victories, but a rebellion by Afghan nobles supported by the Rajput ruler of Idar, and the renewed intrigues of the Mirzas forced his return to Gujarat. Akbar crossed the Rajputana and reached Ahmedabad in eleven days - a journey that normally took six weeks. The outnumbered Mughal army then won a decisive victory on 2 September 1573. Akbar slew the rebel leaders and erected a tower out of their severed heads. The conquest and subjugation of Gujarat proved highly profitable for the Mughals; the territory yielded a revenue of more than five million rupees annually to Akbar's treasury, after expenses.
Akbar had now defeated most of the Afghan remnants in India. The only centre of Afghan power was now in Bengal, where Sulaiman Khan Karrani, an Afghan chieftain whose family had served under Sher Shah Suri, was reigning in power. While Sulaiman Khan scrupulously avoided giving offence to Akbar, his son, Daud Khan, who had succeeded him in 1572, decided otherwise. Whereas Sulaiman Khan had the khutba read in Akbar's name and acknowledged Mughal supremacy, Daud Khan assumed the insignia of royalty and ordered the khutba to be proclaimed in his own name in defiance of Akbar. Munim Khan, the Mughal governor of Bihar, was ordered to chastise Duad Khan, but later, Akbar himself set out to Bengal. This was an opportunity to bring the trade in the east under Mughal control. In 1574, the Mughals seized Patna from Daud Khan, who fled to Bengal. Akbar returned to Fatehpur Sikri and left his generals to finish the campaign. The Mughal army was subsequently victorious at the Battle of Tukaroi in 1575, which led to the annexation of Bengal and parts of Bihar that had been under the dominion of Daud Khan. Only Orissa was left in the hands of the Karrani dynasty as a fief of the Mughal Empire. A year later, however, Daud Khan rebelled and attempted to regain Bengal. He was defeated by the Mughal general, Khan Jahan Quli, and had to flee into exile. Daud Khan was later captured and executed by Mughal forces. His severed head was sent to Akbar, while his limbs were gibetted at Tandah, the Mughal capital in Bengal.
Campaigns in Afghanistan and Central Asia.
Following his conquests of Gujarat and Bengal, Akbar was preoccupied with domestic concerns. He did not leave Fatehpur Sikri on a military campaign until 1581, when the Punjab was again invaded by his brother, Mirza Muhammad Hakim. Akbar expelled his brother to Kabul and this time pressed on, determined to end the threat from Muhammad Hakim once and for all. In contrast to the problem that his predecessors once had in getting Mughal nobles to stay on in India, the problem now was to get them to leave India. They were, according to Abul Fazl "afraid of the cold of Afghanistan." The Hindu officers, in turn, were additionally inhibited by the traditional taboo against crossing the Indus. Akbar, however, spurred them on. The soldiers were provided with pay eight months in advance. In August 1581, Akbar seized Kabul and took up residence at Babur's old citidel. He stayed there for three weeks, in the absence of his brother, who had fled into the mountains. Akbar left Kabul in the hands of his sister, Bakht-un-Nisa Begum, and returned to India. He pardoned his brother, who took up de facto charge of the Mughal administration in Kabul; Bakht-un-Nis continued to be the official governor. A few years later, in 1585, Muhammad Hakim died and Kabul passed into the hands of Akbar once again. It was officially incorporated as a province of the Mughal Empire.
The Kabul expedition was the beginning of a long period of activity over the northern frontiers of the empire. For thirteen years, beginning in 1585, Akbar remained in the north, shifting his capital to Lahore in the Punjab while dealing with challenges from beyond the Khyber Pass. The gravest threat came from the Uzbeks, the tribe that had driven his grandfather, Babur, out of Central Asia. They had been organized under Abdullah Khan Shaybanid, a capable military chieftain who had seized Badakhshan and Balkh from Akbar's distant Timurid relatives, and whose Uzbek troops now posed a serious challenge to the northwestern frontiers of the Mughal Empire. The Afghan tribes on the border were also restless, partly on account of the hostility of the Yusufzai of Bajaur and Swat, and partly owing to the activity of a new religious leader, Bayazid, the founder of the Roshaniyya sect. The Uzbeks were also known to be subsidizing Afghans.
In 1586, Akbar negotiated a pact with Abdullah Khan in which the Mughals agreed to remain neutral during the Uzbek invasion of Safavid held Khorasan. In return, Abdullah Khan agreed to refrain from supporting, subsidizing, or offering refuge to the Afghan tribes hostile to the Mughals. Thus freed, Akbar began a series of campaigns to pacify the Yusufzais and other rebels. Akbar ordered Zain Khan to lead an expedition against the Afghan tribes. Raja Birbal, a renowned minister in Akbar's court, was also given military command. The expedition turned out to be a disaster, and on its retreat from the mountains, Birbal and his entourage were ambushed and killed by the Afghans at the Malandarai Pass in February 1586. Akbar immediately fielded new armies to reinvade the Yusufzai lands under the command of Raja Todar Mal. Over the next six years, the Mughals contained the Yusufzai in the mountain valleys, and forced the submission of many chiefs in Swat and Bajaur. Dozens of forts were built and occupied to secure the region. Akbar's response demonstrated his ability to clamp firm military control over the Afghan tribes.
Despite his pact with the Uzbeks, Akbar nurtured a secret hope of reconquering Central Asia from Afghanistan. However, Badakshan and Balkh remained firmly part of the Uzbek dominions. There was only a transient occupation of the two provinces by the Mughals under his grandson, Shah Jahan, in the mid-17th century. Nevertheless, Akbar's stay in the northern frontiers was highly fruitful. The last of the rebellious Afghan tribes were subdued by 1600. The Roshaniyya movement was firmly suppressed. The Afridi and Orakzai tribes, which had risen up under the Roshaniyyas, had been subjugated. The leaders of the movement were captured and driven into exile. Jalaluddin, the son of the Roshaniyya movement's founder, Bayazid, was killed in 1601 in a fight with Mughal troops near Ghazni. Mughal rule over Afghanistan was finally secure, particularly after the passing of the Uzbek threat with the death of Abdullah Khan in 1598.
Conquests in the Indus Valley.
While in Lahore dealing with the Uzbeks, Akbar had sought to subjugate the Indus valley to secure the frontier provinces. He sent an army to conquer Kashmir in the upper Indus basin when, in 1585, Ali Shah, the reigning king of the Shia Chak dynasty, refused to send his son as a hostage to the Mughal court. Ali Shah surrendered immediately to the Mughals, but another of his sons, Yaqub, crowned himself as king, and led a stubborn resistance to Mughal armies. Finally, in June, 1589, Akbar himself travelled from Lahore to Srinagar to receive the surrender of Yaqub and his rebel forces. Baltistan and Ladakh, which were Tibetan provinces adjacent to Kashmir, pledged their allegiance to Akbar. The Mughals also moved to conquer Sindh in the lower Indus valley. Since 1574, the northern fortress of Bhakkar had remained under imperial control. Now, in 1586, the Mughal governor of Multan tried and failed to secure the capitulation of Mirza Jani Beg, the independent ruler of Thatta in southern Sindh. Akbar responded by sending a Mughal army to besiege Sehwan, the river capital of the region. Jani Beg mustered a large army to meet the Mughals. The outnumbered Mughal forces defeated the Sindhi forces at the Battle of Sehwan. After suffering further defeats, Jani Beg surrendered to the Mughals in 1591, and in 1593, paid homage to Akbar in Lahore.
Subjugation of Baluchistan.
As early as 1586, about half a dozen Baluchi chiefs had been persuaded to attend the imperial court and acknowledge the vassalage of Akbar. In preparations to take Kandahar from the Safavids, Akbar ordered the Mughal forces to conquer the rest of Baluchistan in 1595. The Mughal general, Mir Masum, led an attack on the stronghold of Sibi, situated to the northwest of Quetta and defeated a coalition of local chieftains in a pitched battle. They were made to acknowledge Mughal supremacy and attend Akbar's court. As a result, the whole of Baluchistan, including the strategic region of Makran, the coastal strip running from India to Iran, became a part of the Mughal Empire. The Mughals now frontiered Persian ruled Kandahar from three sides.
Safavids and Kandahar.
Kandahar was the name given by Arab historians to the ancient Indian kingdom of Gandhara. It was intimately connected with the Mughals since the time of their ancestor, Timur, the warlord who had conquered much of South, Central, and Western Asia in the 14th century. However, the Safavids considered it as an appanage of the Persian ruled territory of Khorasan and declared its association with the Mughal emperors to be a usurpation. In 1558, while Akbar was consolidating his rule over northern India, the Safavid emperor, Tahmasp I, had seized Kandahar and expelled its Mughal governor. For the next thirty years, it remained under Persian rule. The recovery of Kandahar had not been a priority for Akbar, but after his prolonged military activity in the northern frontiers, a move to restore Mughal rule over the region became desirable. The conquests of Sindh, Kashmir and Baluchisan, and the ongoing consolidation of Mughal power over Afghanistan had added to Akbar's confidence. Furthermore, Kandahar was at this time under threat from the Uzbeks, but the Emperor of Persia, himself beleaguered by the Ottoman Turks, was unable to send any reinforcements. Circumstances favoured the Mughals.
In 1593, Akbar received the exiled Safavid prince, Rostam Mirza, after he had quarelled with his family. Rostam Mirza pledged allegiance to the Mughals; he was granted a rank (mansab) of commander of 5000 men and received Multan as a jagir. Beleaguered by constant Uzbek raids, and seeing the reception of Rostom Mirza at the Mughal court, the Safavid prince and governor of Kandahar, Mozaffar Hosayn, also agreed to defect to the Mughals. Mozaffar Hosayn, who was in any case in an adversary relationship with his overlord, Shah Abbas, was granted a rank of 5000 men, and his daughter was married to Akbar's grandson, the Mughal prince, Khurram. Kandahar was finally secured in 1595 with the arrival of a garrison headed by the Mughal general, Shah Bayg Khan. The reconquest of Kandahar did not overtly disturb the Mughal-Persian relationship. Akbar and the Persian Shah continued to exchange ambassadors and presents. However, the power equation between the two had now changed in favour of the Mughals. Akbar had built a large and secure empire for himself, while Persian power had declined.
Administration.
Political government.
Akbar's system of central government was based on the system that had evolved since the Delhi Sultanate, but the functions of various departments were carefully reorganised by laying down detailed regulations for their functioning
Taxation.
Akbar set about reforming the administration of his empire's land revenue by adopting a system that had been used by Sher Shah Suri. A cultivated area where crops grew well was measured and taxed through fixed rates based on the area's crop and productivity. However, this placed hardship on the peasantry because tax rates were fixed on the basis of prices prevailing in the imperial court, which were often higher than those in the countryside. Akbar changed to a decentralized system of annual assessment, but this resulted in corruption among local officials and was abandoned in 1580, to be replaced by a system called the "dahsala". Under the new system, revenue was calculated as one-third of the average produce of the previous ten years, to be paid to the state in cash. This system was later refined, taking into account local prices, and grouping areas with similar productivity into assessment circles. Remission was given to peasants when the harvest failed during times of flood or drought. Akbar's "dahsala" system is credited to Raja Todar Mal, who also served as a revenue officer under Sher Shah Suri, and the structure of the revenue administration was set out by the latter in a detailed memorandum submitted to the emperor in 1582-83.
Other local methods of assessment continued in some areas. Land which was fallow or uncultivated was charged at concessional rates. Akbar also actively encouraged the improvement and extension of agriculture. The village continued to remain the primary unit of revenue assessment. Zamindars of every area were required to provide loans and agricultural implements in times of need, to encourage farmers to plough as much land as possible and to sow seeds of superior quality. In turn, the zamindars were given a hereditary right to collect a share of the produce. Peasants had a hereditary right to cultivate the land as long as they paid the land revenue. While the revenue assessment system showed concern for the small peasantry, it also maintained a level of distrust towards the revenue officials. Revenue officials were guaranteed only three-quarters of their salary, with the remaining quarter dependent on their full realisation of the revenue assessed.
Military organization.
Akbar organized his army as well as the nobility by means of a system called the "mansabdari". Under this system, each officer in the army was assigned a rank (a "mansabdar"), and assigned a number of cavalry that he had to supply to the imperial army. The "mansabdars" were divided into 33 classes. The top three commanding ranks, ranging from 7000 to 10000 troops, were normally reserved for princes. Other ranks between 10 and 5000 were assigned to other members of the nobility. The empire's permanent standing army was quite small and the imperial forces mostly consisted of contingents maintained by the "mansabdars". Persons were normally appointed to a low "mansab" and then promoted, based on their merit as well as the favour of the emperor. Each "mansabdar" was required to maintain a certain number of cavalrymen and twice that number of horses. The number of horses was greater because they had to be rested and rapidly replaced in times of war. Akbar employed strict measures to ensure that the quality of the armed forces was maintained at a high level; horses were regularly inspected and only Arabian horses were normally employed. The "mansabdars" were remunerated well for their services and constituted the highest paid military service in the world at the time.
Capital.
Akbar was a follower of Salim Chishti, a holy man who lived in the region of Sikri near Agra. Believing the area to be a lucky one for himself, he had a mosque constructed there for the use of the priest. Subsequently, he celebrated the victories over Chittor and Ranthambore by laying the foundation of a new walled capital, west of Agra in 1569, which was named Fatehpur (""town of victory"") after the conquest of Gujarat in 1573 and subsequently came to be known as Fatehpur Sikri in order to distinguish it from other similarly named towns. Palaces for each of Akbar's senior queens, a huge artificial lake, and sumptuous water-filled courtyards were built there. However, the city was soon abandoned and the capital was moved to Lahore in 1585. The reason may have been that the water supply in Fatehpur Sikri was insufficient or of poor quality. Or, as some historians believe, Akbar had to attend to the northwest areas of his empire and therefore moved his capital northwest. Other sources indicate Akbar simply lost interest in the city or realised it was not militarily defensible. In 1599, Akbar shifted his capital back to Agra from where he reigned until his death.
Economy.
Trade.
The reign of Akbar was characterised by commercial expansion. The Mughal government encouraged traders, provided protection and security for transactions, and levied a very low custom duty to stimulate foreign trade. Furthermore, it strived to foster a climate conductive to commerce by requing local administrators to provide restitution to traders for goods stolen while in their territory. In order to minimize such incidents, bands of highway police called "rahdars" were enlisted to parol roads and ensure safety of traders. Other active measures taken included the construction and protection of routes of commerce and communications. Indeed, Akbar would make concerted efforts to improve roads to facilitate the use of wheeled vehicles through the Khyber Pass, the most popular route frequented by traders and travellers in journeying from Kabul into Mughal India. He also strategically occupied the northwestern cities of Multan and Lahore in the Punjab and constructed great forts, such as the one at Attock near the crossing of the Grand Trunk Road and the Indus river, as well as a network of smaller forts called "thanas" throughout the frontier to secure the overland trade with Persia and Central Asia.
Coins.
Akbar was a great innovator as far as coinage in concerned. The coins of Akbar set a new chapter in India's numismatic history. The coins of Akbar's grandfather, Babur, and father, Humayun, are basic and devoid of any innovation as the former was busy establishing the foundations of the Mughal rule in India while the latter was ousted by the Afghan, Farid Khan Sher Shah Suri, and returned to the throne only to die a year later. While the reign of both Babur and Humayun represented turmoil, Akbar's relative long reign of 50 years allowed him to experiment with coinage.
Akbar introduced coins with decorative floral motifs, dotted borders, quatrefoil and other types. His coins were both round and square in shape with a unique 'mehrab' (lozenge) shape coin highlighting numismatic calligraphy at its best. Akbar's portrait type gold coin (Mohur) is generally attributed to his son, Prince Salim (later Emperor Jahangir), who had rebelled and then sought reconciliation thereafter by minting and presenting his father with gold Mohur's bearing Akbar's portrait. The tolerant view of Akbar is represented by the 'Ram-Siya' silver coin type while during the latter part of Akbar's reign, we see coins portraying the concept of Akbar's newly promoted religion 'Din-e-ilahi' with the Ilahi type and Jalla Jalal-Hu type coins.
The coins, left, represent examples of these innovative concepts introduced by Akbar that set the precedent for Mughal coins which was refined and perfected by his son, Jahangir, and later by his grandson, Shah Jahan.
Diplomacy.
Matrimonial alliances.
The practice of giving Hindu princesses to Muslim kings in marriage was known much before Akbar's time, but in most cases these marriages did not lead to any stable relations between the families involved, and the women were lost to their families and did not return after marriage.
However, Akbar's policy of matrimonial alliances marked a departure in India from previous practice in that the marriage itself marked the beginning of a new order of relations, wherein the Hindu Rajputs who married their daughters or sisters to him would be treated on par with his Muslim fathers-in-law and brothers in-law in all respects except being able to dine and pray with him or take Muslim wives. These Rajputs were made members of his court and their daughters' or sisters' marriage to a Muslim ceased to be a sign of degradation, except for certain proud elements who still considered it a sign of humiliation.
The Kacchwaha Rajput, Raja Bharmal, of Amber, who had come to Akbar's court shortly after the latter's accession, entered into an alliance by giving his daughter Harkha Bai in marriage to the emperor. There has been considerable discussion among historians whether Harka bai or Rajkumari Hira Kunwari, the wife of Akbar and the daughter of Raja Bharmal of Amber, is the Jodha bai or not. Tuzk-e-Jahangiri, the autobiography of Jahangir, doesn't mention Jodha Bai. Therein, she is referred to as Mariam uz Zamani. Neither the Akbarnama (a biography of Akbar commissioned by Akbar himself), nor any historical text from the period refer to her as Jodha Bai. She died in 1623. A mosque was built in her honor by her son Jahangir in Lahore. Bharmal was made a noble of high rank in the imperial court, and subsequently his son Bhagwant Das and grandson Man Singh also rose to high ranks in the nobility.
Other Rajput kingdoms also established matrimonial alliances with Akbar, but matrimony was not insisted on as a precondition for forming alliances. Two major Rajput clans remained aloof – the Sisodiyas of Mewar and Hadas of Ranthambore. In another turning point of Akbar's reign, Raja Man Singh I of Amber went with Akbar to meet the Hada leader, Surjan Hada, to effect an alliance. Surjan accepted an alliance on the condition that Akbar did not marry any of his daughters. Consequently, no matrimonial alliance was entered into, yet Surjan was made a noble and placed in charge of Garh-Katanga. Certain other Rajput nobles did not like the idea of their kings marrying their daughters to Mughals. Rathore Kalyandas threatened to kill both Mota Raja Rao Udaisingh and Jahangir because Udai Singh had decided to marry his daughter to Jahangir. Akbar on hearing this ordered imperial forces to attack Kalyandas at Siwana. Kalyandas died fighting along with his men and the women of Siwana committed Jauhar.
The political effect of these alliances was significant. While some Rajput women who entered Akbar's harem converted to Islam, they were generally provided full religious freedom, and their relatives, who continued to remain Hindu, formed a significant part of the nobility and served to articulate the opinions of the majority of the common populace in the imperial court. The interaction between Hindu and Muslim nobles in the imperial court resulted in exchange of thoughts and blending of the two cultures. Further, newer generations of the Mughal line represented a merger of Mughal and Rajput blood, thereby strengthening ties between the two. As a result, the Rajputs became the strongest allies of the Mughals, and Rajput soldiers and generals fought for the Mughal army under Akbar, leading it in several campaigns including the conquest of Gujarat in 1572. Akbar's policy of religious tolerance ensured that employment in the imperial administration was open to all on merit irrespective of creed, and this led to an increase in the strength of the administrative services of the empire.
Another legend is that Akbar's daughter Meherunnissa was enamoured by Tansen and had a role in his coming to Akbar's court. Tansen converted to Islam from Hinduism, apparently on the eve of his marriage with Akbar's daughter.
Foreign relations.
Relations with the Portuguese.
At the time of Akbar's ascension in 1556, the Portuguese had established several fortresses and factories on the western coast of the subcontinent, and largely controlled navigation and sea-trade in that region. As a consequence of this colonialism, all other trading entities were subject to the terms and conditions of the Portuguese, and this was resented by the rulers and traders of the time including Bahadur Shah of Gujarat.
In the year 1572 the Mughal Empire annexed Gujarat and acquired its first access to the sea, the local officials informed Akbar that the Portuguese have begun to exert their control in the Indian Ocean. Hence Akbar was conscious of the threat posed by the presence of the Portuguese, remained content with obtaining a "cartaz" (permit) from them for sailing in the Persian Gulf region. At the initial meeting of the Mughals and the Portuguese during the Siege of Surat in 1572, the Portuguese, recognising the superior strength of the Mughal army, chose to adopt diplomacy instead of war, and the Portuguese Governor, upon the request of Akbar, sent him an ambassador to establish friendly relations. Akbar's efforts to purchase and secure from the Portuguese some of their compact Artillery pieces were unsuccessful and that is the reason why Akbar could not establish the Mughal navy along the Gujarat coast.
Akbar accepted the offer of diplomacy, but the Portuguese continually acknowledged their authority and power in the Indian Ocean, in fact Akbar was highly concerned when he had to request a permit from the Portuguese before any ships from the Mughal Empire were to depart for the Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca and Medina. In 1573, he issued a "firman" directing Mughal administrative officials in Gujarat not to provoke the Portuguese in the territory they held in Daman. The Portuguese, in turn, issued passes for the members of Akbar's family to go on Hajj to Mecca. The Portuguese made mention of the extraordinary status of the vessel and the special status to be accorded to its occupants.
In the year 1579 Jesuits from Goa were allowed to visit the court of Akbar, and he had his scribes translate the New Testament, and granted the Jesuits freedom to make converts and raise one of his sons. The Jesuit did not confine themselves to the exposition of their own beliefs, but reviled Islam and the Prophet in unrestrained language. Their comments enraging the Imam's and Ulama, who objected to the remarks of the Jesuit, but Akbar however ordered their comments to be recorded and observed the Jesuits and their behavior carefully. This event was followed by a rebellion of Muslim clerics led by Mullah Muhammad Yazdi and Muiz-ul-Mulk, the chief Qadi of Bengal in the year 1581, when these rebels wanted to overthrow Akbar and insert his brother Mirza Muhammad Hakim ruler of Kabul on the Mughal throne. Akbar however successfully defeated the rebels and had grown more cautious about his guests and his proclamations, which he later checked with his advisers carefully.
Relations with the Ottoman Empire.
In the year 1555, while Akbar was still a child the Ottoman Admiral Seydi Ali Reis visited the Mughal Emperor Humayun. Later in the year 1569, during the early years of Akbar's rule another Ottoman Admiral Kurtoğlu Hızır Reis arrived on the shores of the Mughal Empire. These Ottoman Admirals sought to end the growing threats of the Portuguese Empire during their Indian Ocean campaigns. During his reign Akbar himself is known to have sent six documents addressing the Ottoman Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent.
In 1576 Akbar sent a very large contingent of pilgrims led by Khwaja Sultan Naqshbandi, Yahya Saleh, with 600,000 gold and silver coins and 12,000 Kaftans of honor and large consignments of rice. In October 1576, the Mughal Emperor Akbar, sent a delegation including members of his family including his aunt Gulbadan Begum and his consort Salima, on Hajj by two ships from Surat including an Ottoman vessel, which reached the port of Jeddah in 1577 and then proceeded towards Mecca and Medina. Four more caravans were sent from 1577 to 1580, with exquisite gifts for the authorities of Mecca and Medina.
The imperial Mughal entourage stayed in Mecca and Medina for nearly four years, and attended the Hajj four times. During this period Akbar even financed the pilgrimages of many poor Muslims from the Mughal Empire and also funded the foundations of the Qadiriyya Sufi Order's dervish lodge in the Hijaz. The Mughals eventually set out for Surat and their return was assisted by the Ottoman Pasha in Jeddah. Due to Akbar's attempts to build Mughal presence in Mecca and Medina, the local Sharif's began to have more confidence in the financial support provided by Mughal Empire, this lessened their dependency upon Ottoman bounty. Mughal-Ottoman trade also flourished during this period, in fact merchants loyal to Akbar are known to have reached and sold spices, dyestuff, cotton and shawls in the Bazaars of Aleppo after arriving and journeying upriver through the port of Basra.
According to some accounts Mughal Emperor Akbar expressed a desire to form an alliance with the Portuguese, mainly in order to advance his interests, but whenever the Portuguese attempted to invade the Ottomans, the Mughal Emperor Akbar proved abortive. In 1587 a Portuguese fleet sent to attack Yemen was ferociously routed and defeated by the Ottoman Navy; thereafter the Mughal-Portuguese alliance immediately collapsed mainly because of the continuing pressure by the Mughal Empire's prestigious vassals at Janjira.
Relations with the Safavid Dynasty.
The Safavids and the Mughals had a long history of diplomatic relationship, with the Safavid ruler Tahmasp I having provided refuge to Humayun when he had to flee the Indian subcontinent following his defeat by Sher Shah Suri. During the 16th and 17th centuries, the two empires, along with the Ottoman Empire to the west, were the site of major power struggles in Asia. However, the Safavids differed from the Mughals and the Ottomans in following the Shiite sect of Islam as opposed to the Sunni sect practised by the other two. One of the longest standing disputes between the Safavids and the Mughals pertained to the control of the city of Qandahar in the Hindukush region, forming the border between the two empires. The Hindukush region was militarily very significant owing to its geography, and this was well-recognised by strategists of the times. Consequently, the city, which was being administered by Bairam Khan at the time of Akbar's accession, was invaded and captured by the Persian ruler Husain Mirza, a cousin of Tahmasp I, in 1558. Subsequent to this, Bairam Khan sent an envoy to Tahmasp I's court, in an effort to maintain peaceful relations with the Safavids. This gesture was reciprocated and a cordial relationship continued to prevail between the two empires during the first two decades of Akbar's reign. However, the death of Tahmasp I in 1576 resulted in civil war and instability in the Safavid empire, and diplomatic relations between the two empires ceased for more than a decade, and were restored only in 1587 following the accession of Shah Abbas to the Safavid throne. Shortly afterwards, Akbar's army completed its annexation of Kabul, and in order to further secure the north-western boundaries of his empire, it proceeded to Qandahar. The city capitulated without resistance on 18 April 1595, and the ruler Muzaffar Hussain moved into Akbar's court. Qandahar continued to remain in Mughal possession, and the Hindukush the empire's western frontier, for several decades until Shah Jahan's expedition into Badakhshan in 1646. Diplomatic relations continued to be maintained between the Safavid and Mughal courts until the end of Akbar's reign.
Relations with other contemporary kingdoms.
Vincent Arthur Smith observes that the merchant Mildenhall was employed in 1600 while the establishment of the Company was under adjustment to bear a letter from Queen Elizabeth to Akbar requesting liberty to trade in his dominions on terms as good as those enjoyed by the Portuguese.
Akbar was also visited by the French explorer Pierre Malherbe.
Religious policy.
Akbar, as well as his mother and other members of his family, are believed to have been Sunni Hanafi Muslims. His early days were spent in the backdrop of an atmosphere in which liberal sentiments were encouraged and religious narrow-mindednness was frowned upon. From the 15th century, a number of rulers in various parts of the country adopted a more liberal policy of religious tolerance, attempting to foster communal harmony between Hindus and Muslims. These sentiments were earlier encouraged by the teachings of popular saints like Guru Nanak, Kabir and Chaitanya, the verses of the Persian poet Hafez which advocated human sympathy and a liberal outlook, as well as the Timurid ethos of religious tolerance in the empire, persisted in the polity right from the times of Timur to Humayun, (the second emperor of the mughal empire), and influenced Akbar's policy of tolerance in matters of religion. Further, his childhood tutors, who included two Irani Shias, were largely above sectarian prejudices, and made a significant contribution to Akbar's later inclination towards religious tolerance.
When he was at Fatehpur Sikri, he held discussions as he loved to know about others' religious beliefs. On one such day he got to know that the religious people of other religions were often bigots (intolerant of others religious beliefs ). This led him to form the idea of the new religion, Sulh-e-kul meaning universal peace. His idea of this religion did not discriminate other religions and focused on the ideas of peace, unity and tolerance.
Association with the Muslim aristocracy.
During the early part of his reign, Akbar adopted an attitude of suppression towards Muslim sects that were condemned by the orthodoxy as heretical. In 1567, on the advice of Shaikh Abdu'n Nabi, he ordered the exhumation of Mir Murtaza Sharifi Shirazi - a Shia buried in Delhi - because of the grave's proximity to that of Amir Khusrau, arguing that a "heretic" could not be buried so close to the grave of a Sunni saint, reflecting a restrictive attitude towards the Shia, which continued to persist till the early 1570s. He suppressed Mahdavism in 1573 during his campaign in Gujarat, in the course of which the Mahdavi leader Bandagi Miyan Sheik Mustafa was arrested and brought in chains to the court for debate and released after eighteen months. However, as Akbar increasingly came under the influence of pantheistic Sufi mysticism from the early 1570s, it caused a great shift in his outlook and culminated in his shift from orthodox Islam as traditionally professed, in favor of a new concept of Islam transcending the limits of religion. Consequently, during the latter half of his reign, he adopted a policy of tolerance towards the Shias and declared a prohibition on Shia-Sunni conflict, and the empire remained neutral in matters of internal sectarian conflict. In the year 1578, the Mughal Emperor Akbar famously referred to himself as:
In 1580, a rebellion broke out in the eastern part of Akbar's empire, and a number of "fatwas", declaring Akbar to be a heretic, were issued by Qazis. Akbar suppressed the rebellion and handed out severe punishments to the Qazis. In order to further strengthen his position in dealing with the Qazis, Akbar issued a "mazhar" or declaration that was signed by all major "ulemas" in 1579. The "mahzar" asserted that Akbar was the "Khalifa" of the age, the rank of the "Khalifa" was higher than that of a "Mujtahid", in case of a difference of opinion among the Mujtahids, Akbar could select any one opinion and could also issue decrees which did not go against the "nass". Given the prevailing Islamic sectarian conflicts in various parts of the country at that time, it is believed that the "Mazhar" helped in stabilizing the religious situation in the empire. It made Akbar very powerful due to the complete supremacy accorded to the "Khalifa" by Islam, and also helped him eliminate the religious and political influence of the Ottoman "Khalifa" over his subjects, thus ensuring their complete loyalty to him.
Throughout his reign the Mughal Emperor Akbar was a patron of influential Muslim scholars such as Mir Ahmed Nasrallah Thattvi and Tahir Muhammad Thattvi.
Whenever the Mughal Emperor Akbar would attend congregations at a Mosque the following proclamation was made:
Din-i-Ilahi.
Akbar was deeply interested in religious and philosophical matters. An orthodox Muslim at the outset, he later came to be influenced by Sufi mysticism that was being preached in the country at that time, and moved away from orthodoxy, appointing to his court several talented people with liberal ideas, including Abul Fazl, Faizi and Birbal. In 1575, he built a hall called the Ibadat Khana (""House of Worship"") at Fatehpur Sikri, to which he invited theologians, mystics and selected courtiers renowned for their intellectual achievements and discussed matters of spirituality with them. These discussions, initially restricted to Muslims, were acrimonious and resulted in the participants shouting at and abusing each other. Upset by this, Akbar opened the Ibadat Khana to people of all religions as well as atheists, resulting in the scope of the discussions broadening and extending even into areas such as the validity of the Quran and the nature of God. This shocked the orthodox theologians, who sought to discredit Akbar by circulating rumours of his desire to forsake Islam. Akbar's choices, decisions, decrees, discussions and regulations on religious matters even caused some of his brilliant courtiers like Qutb-ud-din Khan Koka and Shahbaz Khan Kamboh to criticize the emperor in the court.
Akbar's effort to evolve a meeting point among the representatives of various religions was not very successful, as each of them attempted to assert the superiority of their respective religions by denouncing other religions. Meanwhile, the debates at the Ibadat Khana grew more acrimonious and, contrary to their purpose of leading to a better understanding among religions, instead led to greater bitterness among them, resulting to the discontinuance of the debates by Akbar in 1582. However, his interaction with various religious theologians had convinced him that despite their differences, all religions had several good practices, which he sought to combine into a new religious movement known as Din-i-Ilahi. However, some modern scholars claim that Akbar did not initiate a new religion and did not use the word "Din-i-Ilahi". According to the contemporary events in the Mughal court Akbar was indeed angered by the acts of embezzlement of wealth by many high level Muslim clerics.
The purported Din-i-Ilahi was more of an ethical system and is said to have prohibited lust, sensuality, slander and pride, considering them sins. Piety, prudence, abstinence and kindness are the core virtues. The soul is encouraged to purify itself through yearning of God. Celibacy was respected, chastity enforced, the slaughter of animals was forbidden and there were no sacred scriptures or a priestly hierarchy. However, a leading Noble of Akbar's court, Aziz Koka, wrote a letter to him from Mecca in 1594 arguing that the discipleship promoted by Akbar amounted to nothing more than a desire on Akbar's part to portray his superiority regarding religious matters. To commemorate Din-e-Ilahi, he changed the name of Prayag to Allahabad (pronounced as "ilahabad") in 1583.
It has been argued that the theory of Din-i-Ilahi being a new religion was a misconception which arose due to erroneous translations of Abul Fazl's work by later British historians. However, it is also accepted that the policy of "sulh-e-kul", which formed the essence of Din-i-Ilahi, was adopted by Akbar not merely for religious purposes, but as a part of general imperial administrative policy. This also formed the basis for Akbar's policy of religious toleration. At the time of Akbar's death in 1605 there were no signs of discontent amongst his Muslim subjects and the impression of even a theologian like Abdu'l Haq was that close ties remained.
Relation with Hindus.
Akbar decreed that Hindus who had been forced to convert to Islam could reconvert to Hinduism without facing the death penalty.
Akbar in his days of tolerance was so well liked by Hindus that there are numerous references to him and his eulogies are sung in songs and religious hymns as well.
Akbar practiced several Hindu customs. He celebrated Diwali. He allowed Brahman priests to tie jeweled strings round his wrists by way of blessing and, following his lead, many of the nobles took to wearing "rakhi" (protection charms). He had renounced beef, and forbade the sale of all meats on certain days. Also his royal queen-consort was a Hindu princess, Harkha Bai. 
Even his son Jahangir and grandson Shahjahan maintained many of Akbar's concessions, such as the ban on cow slaughter, having only vegetarian dishes on certain days of the week, and drink only Ganges water. Even as he was in the Punjab, 200 miles away from the Ganges, the water was sealed in large jars and transported to him. He referred to the Ganges water as the "water of immortality."
It was rumored that each night a Brahman priest, suspended on a string cot pulled up to the window of Akbar's bedchamber, would captivate the emperor with tales of Hindu gods.
Relation with Jains.
Akbar regularly held discussions with Jain scholars and was also greatly impacted by some of their teachings. His first encounter with Jain rituals was when he saw a Jain shravika named Champa's procession after a six-month long fast. Impressed by her power and devotion, he invited her guru or spiritual teacher Acharya Hiravijaya Suri to Fatehpur Sikri. Acharya accepted the invitation and began his march towards the Mughal capital from Gujarat.
Akbar was impressed by the scholastic qualities and character of the Acharya. He held several debates and discussions on religion and philosophy in his courts. Arguing with Jains, Akbar remained sceptical of their atheistic views on God and creation, and yet became convinced by their philosophy of non-violence and vegetarianism and ended up deploring the eating of all flesh. Akbar also issued many imperial orders that were favorable for Jain interests, such as banning animal slaughter. Jain authors also wrote about their experience at the Mughal court in Sanskrit texts that are still largely unknown to Mughal historians.
The Indian Supreme Court has cited examples of co-existence of Jain and Mughal architecture, calling Akbar "the architect of modern India" and that "he had great respect" for Jainism. In 1592, 1584 and 1598, Akbar had declared "Amari Ghosana", which prohibited animal slaughter during Paryushan and Mahavir Jayanti. He removed the Jazia tax from Jain pilgrim places like Palitana.
Santichandra, disciple of Suri, was sent to the Emperor, who in turn left his disciples Bhanuchandra and Siddhichandra in the court. Akbar again invited Hiravijaya Suri’s successor Vijayasena Suri in his court who visited him between 1593 to 1595.
Akbar's religious tolerance was not followed by his son Jahangir, who even threatened Akbar's former friend Bhanuchandra.
Historical accounts.
Personality.
Akbar's reign was chronicled extensively by his court historian Abul Fazal in the books "Akbarnama" and "Ain-i-akbari". Other contemporary sources of Akbar's reign include the works of Badayuni, Shaikhzada Rashidi and Shaikh Ahmed Sirhindi.
Akbar was an artisan, warrior, artist, armourer, blacksmith, carpenter, emperor, general, inventor, animal trainer (reputedly keeping thousands of hunting cheetahs during his reign and training many himself), lacemaker, technologist and theologian.
Akbar was said to have been a wise emperor and a sound judge of character. His son and heir, Jahangir, wrote effusive praise of Akbar's character in his memoirs, and dozens of anecdotes to illustrate his virtues. According to Jahangir, Akbar was "of the hue of wheat; his eyes and eyebrows were black and his complexion rather dark than fair". Antoni de Montserrat, the Catalan Jesuit who visited his court described him as follows:
"One could easily recognize even at first glance that he is King. He has broad shoulders, somewhat bandy legs well-suited for horsemanship, and a light brown complexion. He carries his head bent towards the right shoulder. His forehead is broad and open, his eyes so bright and flashing that they seem like a sea shimmering in the sunlight. His eyelashes are very long. His eyebrows are not strongly marked. His nose is straight and small though not insignificant. His nostrils are widely open as though in derision. Between the left nostril and the upper lip there is a mole. He shaves his beard but wears a moustache. He limps in his left leg though he has never received an injury there."
Akbar was not tall but powerfully built and very agile. He was also noted for various acts of courage. One such incident occurred on his way back from Malwa to Agra when Akbar was 19 years of age. Akbar rode alone in advance of his escort and was confronted by a tigress who, along with her cubs, came out from the shrubbery across his path. When the tigress charged the emperor, he was alleged to have dispatched the animal with his sword in a solitary blow. His approaching attendants found the emperor standing quietly by the side of the dead animal.
Abul Fazal, and even the hostile critic Badayuni, described him as having a commanding personality. He was notable for his command in battle, and, "like Alexander of Macedon, was always ready to risk his life, regardless of political consequences". He often plunged on his horse into the flooded river during the rainy seasons and safely crossed it. He rarely indulged in cruelty and is said to have been affectionate towards his relatives. He pardoned his brother Hakim, who was a repented rebel. But on rare occasions, he dealt cruelly with offenders, such as his maternal uncle Muazzam and his foster-brother Adham Khan, who was twice defenestrated for drawing Akbar's wrath.
He is said to have been extremely moderate in his diet. "Ain-e-Akbari" mentions that during his travels and also while at home, Akbar drank water from the Ganges river, which he called ‘the water of immortality’. Special people were stationed at Sorun and later Haridwar to dispatch water, in sealed jars, to wherever he was stationed. According to Jahangir's memoirs, he was fond of fruits and had little liking for meat, which he stopped eating in his later years.
Akbar also once visited Vrindavan, the birthplace of Lord Krishna in the year 1570, and gave permission for four temples to be built by the Gaudiya Vaisnavas, which were Madana-mohana, Govindaji, Gopinatha and Jugal Kisore.
To defend his stance that speech arose from hearing, he carried out a language deprivation experiment, and had children raised in isolation, not allowed to be spoken to, and pointed out that as they grew older, they remained mute.
Hagiography.
During Akbar's reign, the ongoing process of inter-religious discourse and syncretism resulted in a series of religious attributions to him in terms of positions of assimilation, doubt or uncertainty, which he either assisted himself or left unchallenged. Such hagiographical accounts of Akbar traversed a wide range of denominational and sectarian spaces, including several accounts by Parsis, Jains and Jesuit missionaries, apart from contemporary accounts by Brahminical and Muslim orthodoxy. Existing sects and denominations, as well as various religious figures who represented popular worship felt they had a claim to him. The diversity of these accounts is attributed to the fact that his reign resulted in the formation of a flexible centralised state accompanied by personal authority and cultural heterogeneity.
Akbarnāma, the "Book of Akbar".
The (), which literally means "Book of Akbar", is an official biographical account of Akbar, the third Mughal Emperor (r. 1542–1605), written in Persian. It includes vivid and detailed descriptions of his life and times.
The work was commissioned by Akbar, and written by Abul Fazl, one of the "Nine Jewels" (Hindi: Navaratnas) of Akbar’s royal court. It is stated that the book took seven years to be completed and the original manuscripts contained a number of paintings supporting the texts, and all the paintings represented the Mughal school of painting, and work of masters of the imperial workshop, including Basawan, whose use of portraiture in its illustrations was an innovation in Indian art.
Death.
On 3 October 1605, Akbar fell ill with an attack of dysentery, from which he never recovered. He is believed to have died on or about 27 October 1605, after which his body was buried at a mausoleum in Sikandra, Agra.
Seventy-six years later, in 1691, a group of austere Hindu rebels known as the Jats, rebelling against the Mughal Empire robbed the gold, silver and fine carpets within the tomb, desecrated Akbar's mausoleum.
Legacy.
Akbar left behind a rich legacy both for the Mughal Empire as well as the Indian subcontinent in general. He firmly entrenched the authority of the Mughal empire in India and beyond, after it had been threatened by the Afghans during his father's reign, establishing its military and diplomatic superiority. During his reign, the nature of the state changed to a secular and liberal one, with emphasis on cultural integration. He also introduced several far-sighted social reforms, including prohibiting "sati", legalising widow remarriage and raising the age of marriage. Folk tales revolving around him and Birbal, one of his "navratnas" are popular in India.
In "Bhavishya Purana", a minor "Purana" that depicts the various Hindu holy days, includes a section devoted to the various dynasties which ruled India, having its oldest portion dated to 500 CE and newest to the 18th century, contains a special story focusing on Akbar, compared to the other Mughal rulers. The section called "Akbar Bahshaha Varnan" written in Sanskrit describes his birth as a "reincarnation" of a sage who self immolated himself on seeing the first Mughal ruler Babur described as the "cruel king of Mlecchas (Muslims)" and also that Akbar "was a miraculous child" and would not follow the previous "violent ways" of the Mughals.
Citing Akbar's melding of the disparate 'fiefdoms' of India into the Mughal Empire as well as the lasting legacy of "pluralism and tolerance" that "underlies the values of the modern republic of India", Time magazine included his name in its list of top 25 world leaders.

</doc>
<doc id="18945006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945006" title="Armin Hahne">
Armin Hahne

Armin Hahne (born September 10, 1955, in Moers, West Germany) is a German racing driver, best known for his exploits in touring car racing. The highpoint of his career was winning both the 1982 and 1983 Spa 24 Hours driving BMW's. Another highlight of his career was driving in the factory supported Tom Walkinshaw Racing run Jaguar Racing team racing the all conquering Jaguar XJS coupes. Hahne stayed with the team as they transitioned to Rover Vitesse. In 1991 he drove for one race in the British Touring Car Championship for BMW.
In recent years, Armin Hahne races mostly on the Nürburgring Nordschleife, finishing second overall in 2008 in the Adac 24 hours, driving a Porsche 911 GT3-MR entered by Manthey Racing.
In 2011, he wins the second round of the VLN race series, co-driving a Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG GT3 entered by the Mamerow/Rowe Racing with Chris Mamerow.
Bathurst 1000.
Hahne's first start in the race was in 1984 when he partnered Englishman Jeff Allam in a Mobil Rover Racing Rover Vitesse to an easy Group A class win and an excellent 12th outright after starting 36th against much more powerful opposition. A brief return to the big Jags in 1985 saw Hahne team with Australian racer John Goss to win the 1985 James Hardie 1000 after starting sixth. His next time at Bathurst was in 1987 for the World Touring Car Championship round in an ill-fated Maserati Biturbo with Australian Kevin Bartlett. A troubled race week saw them start 34th and retire after only 29 laps with a broken differential. 1988 saw him in a Mark Petch Racing Ford Sierra RS500 with New Zealand racer Robbie Francevic, the car engineered by its previous owner, and Hahne's team boss in the 1988 ETCC, former Wolf Racing Formula One team owner Walter Wolf. Their strong charge finished on lap 103 due to overheating. That was Hahne's last race in the Bathurst 1000.

</doc>
<doc id="18945020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945020" title="China Construction Design International">
China Construction Design International

China Construction Design International (CCDI; ) is an architecture firm headquartered in Shanghai, People's Republic of China, with offices in Beijing, Shenzhen, Shanghai, Chengdu, and New York City. Founded in 1994, CCDI is a subsidiary of the state-owned construction and engineering firm, China State Construction Engineering Corporation (CSEC). 
Started as an architectural design firm, CCDI has grown to include many different types of services beyond just architectural design. Today, the CCDI combines multi-disciplinary skills and capabilities to provide integrated project services for urbanization, in a network of 5 regional branches and 15 representative offices across China.
From 1994-2002, CCDI's work focused on the south China market, working on residential projects and public facilities such as exhibition halls and sports arenas. But, in 2003, CCDI and a consortium of other firms, won an architectural competition with the innovative design of the Beijing National Aquatics Center (called "the Water Cube), which was constructed for the 2008 Summer Olympics. Since then, CCDI has experienced substantial growth, and now employs over 1600 personnel.

</doc>
<doc id="18945023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945023" title="Karl Landsteiner">
Karl Landsteiner

Karl Landsteiner, ForMemRS (June 14, 1868 – June 26, 1943), was an Austrian biologist and physician. He is noted for having first distinguished the main blood groups in 1900, having developed the modern system of classification of blood groups from his identification of the presence of agglutinins in the blood, and having identified, with Alexander S. Wiener, the Rhesus factor, in 1937, thus enabling physicians to transfuse blood without endangering the patient′s life. With Constantin Levaditi and Erwin Popper, he discovered the polio virus, in 1909. In 1930 he received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. He was awarded a Lasker Award in 1946 posthumously and is recognized as the father of transfusion medicine.
Start of an academic career.
Landsteiner’s father, Leopold (1818–1875), a renowned Viennese journalist, died at age 56, when Karl was only 6. This led to a close relationship between Landsteiner and his mother Fanny (née Hess; 1837–1908).
After graduating with the Matura exam from a Vienna secondary school he took up the study of medicine at the University of Vienna and wrote his doctoral thesis in 1891. While still a student he published an essay on the influence of diets on the composition of blood.
From 1891 to 1893 Landsteiner studied chemistry in Würzburg under Hermann Emil Fischer, in München under Eugen Bamberger and in Zürich under Arthur Rudolf Hantzsch. A number of publications from that period, some of them in co-operation with his professors, show that he did not restrict himself to hearing lectures.
Prof. Landsteiner had to endure continual hardships in Europe until he was invited by the Rockefeller Institute in the United States, where he could conduct his scientific researches, and openly practice Judaism, undisturbed.
Research work in Vienna – Discovery of the polio virus.
After returning to Vienna he became an assistant to Max von Gruber at the Hygienic Institute. In his studies he concentrated on the mechanism of immunity and the nature of antibodies. From November 1897 to 1908 Landsteiner was an assistant at the pathological-anatomical institute of the University of Vienna under Anton Weichselbaum, where he published 75 papers, dealing with issues in serology, bacteriology, virology and pathological anatomy. In addition he did some 3,600 autopsies in those ten years. Weichselbaum was Landsteiner’s tutor for his postdoctoral lecture qualification in 1903. From 1908 to 1920 Landsteiner was prosector at the Wilhelminenspital in Vienna and in 1911 he was sworn in as an associate professor of pathological anatomy. During that time he discovered – in co-operation with Erwin Popper – the infectious character of Poliomyelitis and isolated the polio virus. In recognition of this groundbreaking discovery, which proved to be the basis for the fight against polio, he was posthumously inducted into the Polio Hall of Fame at Warm Springs, Georgia, which was dedicated in January 1958.
Discovery of the blood groups.
In 1900 Karl Landsteiner found out that the blood of two people under contact agglutinates, and in 1901 he found that this effect was due to contact of blood with blood serum. As a result he succeeded in identifying the three blood groups A, B and O, which he labelled C, of human blood. Landsteiner also found out that blood transfusion between persons with the same blood group did not lead to the destruction of blood cells, whereas this occurred between persons of different blood groups. Based on his findings, in 1907 the first successful blood transfusion was performed by Reuben Ottenberg at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York.
Today it is well known that persons with blood group AB can accept donations of the other blood groups, and that persons with blood group O can donate to all other groups. Individuals with blood group AB are referred to as "universal recipients" and those with blood group O are known as "universal donors". These donor-recipient relationships arise due to the fact that persons with AB do not form antibodies against either blood group A or B. Further, because type O blood possesses neither characteristic A nor B, the immune systems of persons with blood group AB do not refuse the donation.
In today’s blood transfusions only concentrates of red blood cells without serum are transmitted, which is of great importance in surgical practice. In 1930 Landsteiner was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in recognition of these achievements. For his pioneering work, he is recognised as the father of transfusion medicine.
Research work in Holland and the United States.
After World War I, Vienna and the new republic of Austria as a whole was in a desolate economic state, a situation in which Landsteiner did not see any possibilities to carry on with his research work. He decided to move to Holland and accepted a post as prosector in the small Catholic "Ziekenhuis" hospital in The Hague and, in order to improve his financial situation also took a job in a small factory, producing old tuberculin ("tuberculinum prestinum").
He also published a number of papers, five of them being published in Dutch by the Royal Academy of Sciences. Yet working conditions proved to be not much better than in post-war Vienna. So Landsteiner accepted the inivitation that reached him from New York, initiated by Simon Flexner, who was familiar with Landsteiner's work, to work for the Rockefeller Institute. With his family he arrived there in the spring of 1923.. Throughout the 1920s Landsteiner worked on the problems of immunity and allergy. In 1927 he discovered new blood groups: M, N and P, refining the work he had begun 20 years before. Soon after Landsteiner and his collaborator, Philip Levine, published the work and, in 1927, the types began to be used in paternity suits.
In the field of bacteriology Landsteiner and Clara Nigg succeeded in 1930–1932 in culturing Rickettsia prowazekii, the causative agent of typhus, on living media.

</doc>
<doc id="18945024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945024" title="Peter DiMaggio">
Peter DiMaggio

Peter DiMaggio is an internationally recognized expert on the design of blast resistant buildings. He was the lead engineer for construction of the U.S. Embassies in Moscow, Berlin and Baghdad.
College.
DiMaggio attended the Columbia University where he studied engineering and played on the men’s soccer team. He graduated in 1992 with a bachelors degree in civil engineering and later earned a masters degree in structural engineering from Columbia. He had an outstanding collegiate soccer career, being named a 1990 second team All American and the 1991 Ivy League Player of the Year as well as first team All American.
Professional.
In 1994, DiMaggio was hired by Weidlinger, an engineering company based out of New York City. Since, then he has steadily established himself as an expert in designing blast resistant buildings and structures. He was the lead engineer for the construction of the U.S. Embassies in Moscow, Berlin and Baghdad as well as Valeo’s technical center in Michigan and the Claremont Tower in New Jersey. In January 2006, DiMaggio was named a principal in Weidlinger. In addition to his work with Weidlinger, DiMaggio also sits on the Board of Directors of the Structural Engineers Association of New York and is co-chairman of their Codes and Standards committee.

</doc>
<doc id="18945042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945042" title="Azizbekovo">
Azizbekovo

Azizbekovo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18945068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945068" title="Benito Juárez Autonomous University of Oaxaca">
Benito Juárez Autonomous University of Oaxaca

The Benito Juárez Autonomous University of Oaxaca (, UABJO) is a public university located in the city of Oaxaca de Juárez in state of Oaxaca, Mexico.
The University was founded on January 8, 1827 as the Oaxacan Institute for Arts and Sciences. Initially courses were offered in Medicine, Surgery, Civil and Natural Law, Public Law, Canon Law and Ecclesiastical History, Political Economy, Statistics, Geography and Physics, Mathematics logic, ethics, English, and French.
History.
In December 1943, governor Major General Vicente Gonzalez Fernandez decreed that the Institute of Arts and Sciences would be granted autonomy. Then on January 18, 1955 General Manuel Cabrera Carrasquedo enacted a law elevating the Institute to University status. The school then became known as Universidad Autónoma "Benito Juárez" de Oaxaca. The university was named in honor of the full-blooded indigenous national to become president of Mexico, Oaxacan native Benito Juárez (March 21, 1806 – July 18, 1872).
2006 Oaxaca protests.
In May 2006, a teachers' strike began in the Zócalo in the Mexican city of Oaxaca, Oaxaca. 2006 was the 25th consecutive year that Oaxaca's teachers have striked. Previously, the protests had generally lasted for one to two weeks and had resulted in small raises for teachers. The 2006 strike began in protest of the low funding for teachers and rural schools in the state, but was prompted to additionally call for the resignation of the state governor Ulises Ruiz Ortiz after 3000 police were sent to break up the occupation in the early morning of June 14, 2006. A street battle lasted for several hours that day, resulting in more than one hundred hospitalizations but no fatalities. Ortiz declared that he would not resign.
On November 2, 2006, Federal Preventative Police advanced on the University, occupied by students and displaced protesters from the Zocalo. Since the University is autonomous, the police are forbidden from entering the grounds, unless invited by the Rector.
Thousands of protesters arrived in the following hours, surrounding the police and eventually forcing them to withdraw from the area surrounding the university. The Asamblea Popular de los Pueblos de Oaxaca had received permission by the university rector to broadcast their messages through the university radio, which they used to criticise political parties, the Institutional Revolutionary Party specifically. Opinions against the APPO were quickly taken off the air 
After criticism by the private sector, political organizations and the press (specifically Grupo Formula's news anchor Denise Maerker) for his remarks towards the APPO the rector declared that he had requested respect for the rights of students and faculty and that an operational attempt by the Federal Police would not provide a solution to the issue 
Current status.
Through an agreement with the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM) the CEC (Center for Continuing Education) was established, that allows the university to offer additional baccalaureate degrees in conjunction with UNAM.
In 2001, the UABJO's School of Languages initiated a study abroad exchange program with the College of the Mainland, in Texas City, Texas, USA. This has led to increased exposure for the university as well as helped to further the mission of university's School of Languages.
Noted alumni.
Several prominent figures in the political life of Mexico have been alumni of UABJO and its predecessor, the Oaxacan Arts and Science Institute:

</doc>
<doc id="18945095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945095" title="Jean-Claude Rabbath">
Jean-Claude Rabbath

Jean-Claude Rabbath (born 12 July 1977 in Beirut) is a Lebanese high jumper. 
He finished thirteenth at the 2005 Asian Championships, won the gold medal at the 2006 Asian Games and the silver medal at the 2007 Asian Championships. He also competed at the 1999 World Championships, the 2000 Olympic Games, the 2004 Olympic Games and the 2005 World Championships without reaching the final round.
His personal best jump is 2.27 metres, achieved twice in April 2004 in Beirut and in June 2004 in Bucharest.

</doc>
<doc id="18945148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945148" title="San Ignacio Miní">
San Ignacio Miní

San Ignacio Miní was one of the many missions founded in 1632 by the Jesuits in what the Spanish called the Province of Paraguay in the Americas during the Spanish colonial period. It is located near present-day San Ignacio valley, some 60 km north of Posadas, Misiones Province, Argentina. In 1984 it was one of four "reducciones" in Argentina to be designated by UNESCO as World Heritage Sites.
History.
The original mission was erected near the year 1610 by Jesuit priests José Cataldino and Simón Maceta in the region called "Guayrá" by the natives and "La Pinería" by the Spanish conquistadores in present Paraná State, Brazil. Because of the constant attacks of the Portuguese Bandeirantes, the mission moved in 1632, and did not settle in its current location until 1696. It was called San Ignacio Miní ("minor" in Guaraní) to distinguish it from the larger mission, San Ignacio Guazú ("great").
In the 18th century, the mission had a population of around 3000 people, mostly indigenous peoples. They produced rich cultural and handicraft products, which the Spanish commercialized by trade via the nearby Paraná River. After the Suppression of the Society of Jesus in 1767, the Jesuits left the mission a year later. The natives destroyed the mission in 1817, as well as other missions in the area.
The ruins are one of the best preserved among the several built in the territory of the Province of Paraguay, which today is divided among Argentina, Brazil and Paraguay. Due to its accessibility, it is one of the most visited. Overgrown by dense vegetation, the remains of the mission, built in the "Guaraní baroque" style, were found in 1897. It attracted greater popular interest after the 1903 expedition to the site by poet Leopoldo Lugones. The government did not undertake formal exploration and restoration until 1940.
Originally the main square was bounded by the church, a cabildo, a cemetery, a monastery and some houses. The magnificent church with 74 metres length and 24 metres width was designed by Italian priest Juan Brasanelli, and build using the local red sandstone. The width of the walls are around 2 metres, what in spite of the fragile material let the constructions remain standing after over two centuries.
In 1984 the ruins were declared as World Heritage Site by UNESCO. The site is the location of the "Museo Jesuítico de San Ignacio Miní" museum, constructed after the international recognition. Other Jesuit missions' sites in the Misiones Province designated as World Heritage Sites the same year are "Reducción de Santa Ana", "Santa María La Mayor", and "Nuestra Señora de Loreto".
San Ignacio Miní was included in the inaugural 1996 World Monuments Watch by the World Monuments Fund, drawing attention to the urgency of needed repairs and a full preservation plan. With funding from American Express, the lateral (eastern) portal was restored. Since then, the main portal of the mission has also been restored, and an interpretation center has been constructed. An international conference on the future of the site has taken place.

</doc>
<doc id="18945171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945171" title="Ankpa">
Ankpa

Ankpa is a Local Government Area in Kogi State, Nigeria. Its headquarters are in the town of Ankpa on the A233 highway in the west of the area at.
It has an area of 1,200 km² and a population of 267,353 at the 2006 census.
The postal code of the area is 270.
The northeasterly line of equal latitude and longitude passes through the LGA.

</doc>
<doc id="18945181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945181" title="Ttcp">
Ttcp

ttcp (test TCP) is a utility program for measuring network throughput, popular on Unix systems. It times the transmission and reception of data between two systems using the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) or Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) protocols.
Created in the 1980s by Mike Muuss and Terry Slattery, ttcp was originally designed for Unix systems but has since been ported to many other systems and can now be used by both Windows and *nix systems alike.
Testing can be done from any platform to any other platform, for example from a Windows machine to a Linux machine, as long as they both have a ttcp application installed. For normal use, ttcp is installed on two machines – one will be the sender, the other the receiver. The receiver is started first and waits for a connection. Once the two connect, the sending machine sends data to the receiver and displays the overall throughput of the network they traverse. The amount of data sent and other options are configurable through a simple command line interface. The output is generally displayed by default in KiB/s (kibiBytes per second) instead of kb/s (kilobits per second), but can be configured to be displayed in other ways on some implementations. The reported throughput is more accurately calculated on the receive side than the transmit side, since the transmit operation may complete before all bytes actually have been transmitted.

</doc>
<doc id="18945256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945256" title="Edward Sheldon (translator)">
Edward Sheldon (translator)

Edward Sheldon (b. at Beoley, 23 April 1599; d. in London, 27 March 1687) was an English translator of Catholic works.
Life.
He studied at Oxford and afterwards at Gray's Inn, London, completing his education by a foreign tour. He led a quiet life on his estate at Stratton, Gloucestershire. In 1641, being molested because of his Catholicism, he removed to London where he lived in retirement till his death. 
Works.
He translated four works from the French: 
Family.
He was the third son of Edward Sheldon of Beoley, Worcestershire, and Elizabeth Markham his wife. He married Mary (or Margaret) Wake, daughter of Lionel Wake of Pedington, Northamptonshire, by whom he had nine sons and four daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="18945258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945258" title="Epagathus">
Epagathus

Epagathus was an Ancient Roman politician of the early third century.
He was a profligate freedman, who along with Theocritus, a personage of the same class and stamp with himself, exercised unbounded influence over Caracalla, and was retained in the service of his successor. After the disastrous battle of Antioch in 218, he was despatched by Macrinus to place Diadumenianus under the protection of the Parthian king, Artabanus IV. At a subsequent period we find that the death of the celebrated Domitius Ulpianus was ascribed to his machinations, although the causes and circumstances of that event are involved in deep obscurity.
Alexander Severus, apprehensive lest some tumult should arise at Rome, were he openly to take vengeance on Epagathus, nominated him prefect of Egypt. But soon afterwards Severus recalled Epagathus from there and caused him to be conducted to Crete, and there Epagathus was quietly put to death.

</doc>
<doc id="18945260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945260" title="Gorgopotamos, Ioannina">
Gorgopotamos, Ioannina

Gorgopotamos () is a small village located at the foot of Mount Grammos of Epirus (Greece). Is surrounded by forest and the small and beautiful river of Gorgopotamos runs right next to the village.
Gorgopotamos is part of the municipal unit of Mastorochoria of Ioannina regional unit, North-West Greece. Its location is very close to the Greek-Albanian borders. Population 69 inhabitants (2001).

</doc>
<doc id="18945273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945273" title="Stegocephalia">
Stegocephalia

Stegocephalia is an older name for the large fossil amphibians, comprising all pre-Jurassic and some later extinct large groups having more or less salamander-like build. The term was coined in 1868 by American palaentologist Edward Drinker Cope and comes from Greek "στεγοκεφαλια" - "roofed head", and refer to the copious amounts of dermal armour some of the larger primitive forms evidently had. In recent times, Canadian paleontologist Michel Laurin has used as a phylogenetic expression to encompass all vertebrates with toes rather than fins, i.e. tetrapods.
History of classification.
Originally, the term was used as a systematic unit at the rank of order. The term rose to prominence in American and British science in the 18th century, though the largely equivalent term Labyrinthodontia had been coined 18 years earlier by Hermann Burmeister in reference to the tooth structure. The terms were used interchangeably during the early 20th century, usually divided into three orders. However, the Stegocephalia (and the Labyrinthodontia) being paraphyletic, the name is now used in an informal way to denote the early non-piscine vertebrates, excluding amniotes (the first reptiles and their descendants) and modern lissamphibians).
Paleontologist Michel Laurin took up the older term and defined stegocephalians cladistically as all vertebrates more closely related to temnospondyli than to "Panderichthys" (the closest relative of tetrapods known to have retained paired fins, see below) Therefore, Stegocephalia includes all vertebrate groups that have toes rather than fins, and a few ("Elginerpeton", "Metaxygnathus", "Ventastega" and possibly "Hynerpeton") that may have retained paired fins. Contrary to the old usage of this term, the Stegocephali refers to a clade in this scheme. This concept of the clade Stegocephalia was chosen to substitute for the name Tetrapoda by those who sought to restrict Tetrapoda to the crown group. As such, it encompasses all presently living land vertebrates as well as their early amphibious ancestors.
Phylogeny.
Below is a suggested evolutionary tree of tetrapods and their relatives, from Colbert 1969 and Caroll 1997. Dashed lines indicate relationships that commonly vary between authors.

</doc>
<doc id="18945329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945329" title="Taboo (Kumi Koda song)">
Taboo (Kumi Koda song)

Taboo (stylized as TABOO) is the 41st single released in by Kumi Koda.
The single was released on October 8, 2008, in time for Halloween, and contained the title track, its remix, the B-side "Always," and instrumentals for both tracks. The Playroom special edition of the CD contained an alternate front cover, and was specially released to fanclub members. The fanclub edition contained a notebook with photos from the single. 
"Taboo" became her 5th #1 single when it topped the Oricon Weekly Charts.
"Taboo" is certified Platinum for 250,000 downloads, and Gold for a shipment of 100,000 copies.
Music Video.
"Taboo" became Koda Kumi's first single to have two different versions of the music video on the same DVD. The "another edition" omitted the dinner scene and had longer bathroom scenes. 
The video was leaked online on September, 15 2008 at 3:30.
Tracklist.
Note: The "Playroom Special Edition" only contains two tracks: "Taboo" and its instrumental version.

</doc>
<doc id="18945331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945331" title="Three-act structure">
Three-act structure

The three-act structure is a model used in writing and in evaluating modern storytelling that divides a fictional narrative into three parts, often called the Setup, the Confrontation and the Resolution.
Structure.
The first act is usually used for exposition, to establish the main characters, their relationships and the world they live in. Later in the first act, a dynamic, on-screen incident occurs that confronts the main character (the protagonist), whose attempts to deal with this incident lead to a second and more dramatic situation, known as the first turning point, which (a) signals the end of the first act, (b) ensures life will never be the same again for the protagonist and (c) raises a dramatic question that will be answered in the climax of the film. The dramatic question should be framed in terms of the protagonist's call to action, (Will X recover the diamond? Will Y get the girl? Will Z capture the killer?). This is known as the "inciting incident", or "catalyst." As an example, the inciting incident in the 1972 film "The Godfather" is when Vito Corleone is shot, which occurs approximately 40 minutes into the film. 
The second act, also referred to as "rising action", typically depicts the protagonist's attempt to resolve the problem initiated by the first turning point, only to find him- or herself in ever worsening situations. Part of the reason protagonists seem unable to resolve their problems is because they do not yet have the skills to deal with the forces of antagonism that confront them. They must not only learn new skills but arrive at a higher sense of awareness of who they are and what they are capable of, in order to deal with their predicament, which in turn changes who they are. This is referred to as "character development" or a "character arc". This cannot be achieved alone and they are usually aided and abetted by mentors and co-protagonists.
The third act features the resolution of the story and its subplots. The climax is the scene or sequence in which the main tensions of the story are brought to their most intense point and the dramatic question answered, leaving the protagonist and other characters with a new sense of who they really are.
Interpretations.
In "Writing Drama", French writer and director Yves Lavandier shows a slightly different approach. He maintains that every human action, whether fictitious or real, contains three logical parts: before the action, during the action, and after the action. Since the climax is part of the action, Yves Lavandier considers the second act must include the climax, which makes for a much shorter third act than what is found in most screenwriting theories. A short third act (quick resolution) is also fundamental to traditional Japanese dramatic structure, in the theory of jo-ha-kyū.
SJ Murray, a documentary film maker, feature film writer, and professor at Baylor University, explores why the three act structure matters in her book, Three Act What? Great Story Structure (published by Livingston+McKay, LLC in the Nibbles series). SJ argues the three act structure, inherited from Aristotle and adopted throughout the centuries by great writers, is essential to crafting stories of enduring value. SJ recapitulates the standard industry story beats and elucidates how the three act structure (the idea that every great story must have a beginning, middle, and end) translates to writing for film. For example, she notes that act one should not be thought of in terms of exposition (a big no-no), but, rather, in terms of setting up the values at stake in the story world. SJ also confirms a quick and to the point act 3 is essential to insanely great storytelling.

</doc>
<doc id="18945373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945373" title="Elvina Kong">
Elvina Kong

Elvina Yan-Yin Kong (Traditional Chinese: 江欣燕) is a Hong Kong television actress and presenter currently under contract to TVB. Currently she has been acting in the Cantonese sitcom of Off Pedder in 2008. She played the role of Diana Man in the TVB sitcom "Best Selling Secrets" from 2007 to 2008.
Personal life.
Kong was in a brief relationship with another Hong Kong actor Dicky Cheung.
Kong was married for 12 years with Jackson Ng. In 2013, Kong admitted they filed for divorce and was on the news headlines for a while. 
http://the-sun.on.cc/cnt/entertainment/20130711/00470_011.html

</doc>
<doc id="18945445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945445" title="Death of Otto Zehm">
Death of Otto Zehm

Otto Zehm (1970–2006) was a mentally disabled man from Spokane, Washington who died on March 20, 2006, two days after being beaten, tasered multiple times, hogtied, gagged and sat upon by seven Spokane Police Officers until he passed out and never regained consciousness. Zehm committed no crime and on May 30, 2006, the Spokane County coroner ruled the death a homicide.
Incident and death.
On March 18, 2006, Zehm — who worked as a janitor and did not own a car — had gone on foot to an ATM at his bank to withdraw money from his account. Two young women, who were in a car at the ATM when Zehm arrived, erroneously reported to police by phone that a man was attempting to steal money from the ATM. The women followed Zehm in their car while reporting additional information to the police dispatch by phone.
Zehm next entered the convenience store that he routinely visited to buy a soft drink and fast food. Video from the convenience store security cameras show that within sixteen seconds of the first officer entering the store, the officer had run up to Zehm, whose back was initially turned to him, twice ordered him to "drop the pop", and batoned Zehm to the ground - the first of at least seven baton strikes used on Zehm, including strikes to the head. Within another sixteen seconds Zehm had also been tasered. In addition to the multiple beatings and taserings, Zehm was improperly hog-tied by police and placed on his stomach for more than sixteen minutes. Furthermore, the police requested a non-rebreather mask from paramedics at the scene and strapped it to Zehm's face. The non-rebreather mask was not attached to oxygen. Zehm stopped breathing three minutes after the mask was placed on his face. When ruled a homicide by the county coroner on May 30, 2006, the cause of death was reported as "lack of oxygen to the brain due to heart failure while being restrained on his stomach." No illegal drugs or alcohol were found in Zehm's system.
Discrepancies resulting from video analysis.
Police alleged that Zehm had "lunged" at the original officer with a plastic soft drink bottle. However, the silent surveillance video of the incident (withheld by the police for three months) contradicted this police claim. Then-acting police chief Jim Nicks subsequently stated that he misspoke in alleging Zehm "lunged" at the officer. The video also did not provide support for the officer's claim that he paused and gave verbal orders to Zehm. Each frame showed the officer advancing at a brisk rate while Zehm, after seeing the officer advancing with his baton raised, only back-pedals slowly away.
Investigative reports.
In August 2006 an independent report on Zehm's death was commissioned by then-Spokane mayor Dennis Hession. Known as the Worley Report, after law enforcement consultant Michael Worley, the report was commissioned, to look at the three matters—the Zehm homicide, a Spokane Fire Department sex scandal, and the Spokane City Citizens Review Commission. Worley's findings were made public in a report released on October 26, 2007, but covered only the Fire Department sex scandal and the Citizens Advisory Commission. Worley submitted the incomplete report, for which the City of Spokane paid $8800, pending the completion of other then-pending investigations of the Zehm death, including investigations by the Spokane County Prosecutor's Office, the Washington Association of Sheriffs and Police Chiefs (WASPC), and the FBI. As of August 18, 2008, the FBI has not closed its investigation of the case and has made no public statements regarding the status of that investigation.
Controversy involving officers.
Three of the seven officers involved in the attack on Zehm received one day of administrative leave (paid). Beyond that, no Spokane Police officer or administrator has been disciplined or suspended or fired as a result of the case. However, one officer involved in the case, Spokane Police officer Jason Uberuaga, was subsequently fired for "conduct unbecoming" after being involved in an October 11, 2007, incident involving alcohol and allegations of sexual misconduct. At the time of that incident, Uberuaga was a member of a federal law enforcement task force. Uberuaga was later reinstated with 10 1/2 months back pay, following a union arbitrator's determination that firing was excessive punishment for the acts committed.
Officer Dan Torok.
A second Spokane Police officer involved in the Zehm case is Dan Torok. In the Zehm case, Torok provided a written statement in which he stated, "When my knee struck him, I heard him exhale and I was able to force his arm behind his back." In addition to Torok's knee in his chest, Zehm was subjected to being hog-tied and placed on his chest for 16 minutes, as well as being subjected to a non-rebreather mask placed on his face without oxygen attached, thus limiting his ability to breathe. Zehm stopped breathing and was transported by para-medic to a Spokane area hospital where he was declared brain-dead and died two days later. Otto Zehm's last words were, "All I wanted was a Snickers Bar"
Almost exactly a year after his involvement in Zehm's death, Officer Torok shot and killed a homeless man, Jerome Alford, on March 24, 2007. Following a Spokane area practice in which the Spokane Police and Spokane County Sheriff's Office investigate one another in officer involved deaths, the Spokane County Sheriff's Office was assigned to investigate the shooting of Alford by Torok. Spokane Chief of Police Anne E. Kirkpatrick ordered Torok to provide a written statement, known as a Garrity letter, rather than submit to questioning by the Spokane County Sheriff's Office. Garrity letters are so infrequently used in the area that Spokane County Sheriff's personnel did not initially accept the letter from Torok. Final results of the Sheriff's investigation were never made public. Currently Torok is a Spokane Police Department detective supervising assignments of child abuse cases, and also acting frequently as a spokesperson for the Spokane Police. He is also a controversial participant in on-line blogging at Spokane's only daily newspaper, the Spokesman-Review. In August 2007, he and a colleague, Sgt. Jim Faddis, were discovered blogging anonymously at a Spokesman-Review affiliated blog, Hard 7, until blog manager Frank Sennett discovered their identities and employment with the Spokane Police. Recently another Spokesman-Review blog, Community Comment, has given Torok and Faddis, a former internal affairs officer, semi-official status at Police Blotter, a periodic blog thread identified by a reproduction of the Spokane Police badge at the Spokesman-Review's online blog site.
Analysis and impact.
The Zehm case provoked public outrage, including protests and public challenges to the Spokane Police by critics. On July 9, 2007, in the wake of another police scandal involving the arrest on July 4, 2007 of 17 people in Spokane's Riverfront Park, a group of some 200 people gathered a block from Spokane's Public Safety Building demanding independent oversight of the Spokane Police Department. At the end of the rally, a group of people entered the street and marched to City Hall where they presented their concerns to the Spokane City Council.
The case also prompted intense scrutiny by the local media and calls for independent oversight. A series of public meetings were held in the first half of 2007, including a three part series on Police Accountability at Gonzaga University. Participants in the series included Breean Beggs of Spokane's Center for Justice, independent journalist Tim Connor, Spokane Police Chief Anne Kirkpatrick, Spokane City Councilwoman Mary Verner, and others. The series, sponsored by the ACLU, the League of Women Voters, and the Peace and Justice Action League (PJALS), culminated in a growing consensus that an appropriate step to address the concerns about police misconduct would be an independent ombudsman styled after the Boise (Idaho) Office of the Community Ombudsman headed by Pierce Murphy. Murphy visited Spokane several times including to participate in one of the Police Accountability forums at Gonzaga. Murphy also spoke prior to a Whitworth University theater production on Police Accountability and the death of Zehm. The unique event -- "Crossing the Line: An Examination of Police, Power and People"—was held on May 16, 2008 at Spokane's CenterStage.
Federal indictment and trial.
On June 22, 2009, a federal Grand Jury handed down an indictment on Spokane Police Officer Karl Thompson. Thompson is a veteran of the force and was the first of seven officers that responded to the Zip Trip. The 2 counts are: unreasonable use of force and making a false entry into a record being investigated by a federal agency. Both counts are felonies and could hold a 20 year maximum sentence if Thompson is convicted on both charges. Standard sentencing ranges for these offenses would likely result in confinement in a federal institution for 2–4 years. The unreasonable use of force stems from the surveillance video that shows Thompson approaching Zehm from behind and striking him to the ground moments after Zehm turned and faced the officer without any indication of aggressiveness, followed by multiple vertical baton blows and an application of a drive-stun taser. Zehm was not acting combative at the time of the initial blow and only started fighting back after Thompson engaged Zehm with force. Federal prosecutors confirmed that the unreasonable use of force charge against Thompson was due to the injuries Zehm suffered from the initial baton blows and not Zehm's death. It is unclear at this time if more indictments will be handed down for Zehm's death or for his improper restraint for being hog-tied on his stomach with a non-rebreather mask.
Thompson's federal trial began on October 12, 2011 with jury selection. The trial was moved from Spokane to Yakima, Washington after defense attorneys raised concerns about the extent of local media coverage of the controversy. Judge Fred Van Sickle of US District Court in Yakima ruled to exclude residents of Spokane County from the jury pool in the interest of fairness.
On November 2, 2011, the jury found Thompson guilty on both counts; excessive use of force and lying to investigators about the confrontation. Over 50 police officers were in attendance when the verdict was announced and saluted Thompson in a show of solidarity.
Thompson's defense attorneys argued for a sentence of zero to 16 months, while federal prosecutors recommended a sentence of between 9 and 11 years. On November 15, 2012, Judge Van Sickle sentenced Thompson to 51 months in federal prison. Judge Van Sickle also ordered that Thompson be taken into custody immediately over the objections of Thompson's defense attorney, who wanted him to remain free while the verdict is appealed.
Washington State paid $541,180 in legal fees to the law firm defending Karl Thompson. Thompson was declared indigent in July 2009 following an uncontested divorce initiated by his then-wife, Diana J. Thompson. The terms of the divorce decree transferred the bulk of the family assets to Diana, including their $675,000 home, alimony in the amount $1,500 per month, and 50% of Thompson's pension. In addition, all community debts were assigned to Karl Thompson. Thompson continued to live with his ex-wife following the divorce, and shared joint assets and bank accounts in contravention of the divorce decree, until his sentencing and incarceration. Prosecutors have alleged the divorce was fraudulent, undertaken for the dual purposes of shielding assets from the civil suit filed by the Zehm family and forcing the State of Washington to pay for Thompson's legal defense costs.
Thompson is currently serving his sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution, Safford, a low-security prison in Arizona.
Settlement of civil case.
On August 22, 2012, the civil case brought by the Estate of Otto Zehm was closed following mediation and settlement. The settlement included a $1.67 million payment to the family, and budgeting for specialized training for all Spokane Police Officers more than 1 year from retirement. The training will focus on police interaction with mentally ill detainees. The settlement also includes a budget for implementation of new rules regarding the use of force, and a permanent memorial to Otto Zehm. Attorneys for the Estate were Breean Beggs and Jeffry Finer; and for the City of Spokane, Nancy Isserlis.

</doc>
<doc id="18945472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945472" title="Empress Crown">
Empress Crown

The Empress Crown is part of the coronation regalia used by the only Shahbanu (Empress) of Iran, Farah Pahlavi. It is part of the Iranian Crown Jewels and is currently on display at the Central Bank of Iran in Tehran.
Background.
Following in the footsteps of policies initiated under the White Revolution that directed the further emancipation of Iranian women, Mohammad Reza Shah determined to make a symbolic gesture by crowning his consort, Empress Farah, during his own elaborate coronation ceremony in October 1967. Until that date, the wives of Persian monarchs had never been crowned, so it was therefore necessary to design a new crown for the occasion. That honor was bestowed upon the French jewelers, Van Cleef & Arpels. 
In accordance with tradition, the gems used were selected from loose stones already in the Imperial treasury. Since it was against the law for items from the Imperial Treasury to leave Iran, Van Cleef & Arpels were obliged to send a team of jewelers to Tehran in order to construct the crown, a process which occupied them for six months.
Composition.
The frame of the crown is made of white gold and is lined with a cap of green velvet. The crown contains 38 emeralds, 105 pearls, 34 rubies, 2 spinels, and 1,469 diamonds. The largest emerald is located in the center of the sunburst on the front of the crown, and weighs approximately 92 cts. The two largest spinels are approximately 83 cts., and the largest pearl is approximately 22 mm. long. 
In her memoir, the former Empress extolls the beauty of the crown but notes that it was also quite heavy, weighing nearly 2 kilograms.

</doc>
<doc id="18945480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945480" title="Yaw Fosu-Amoah">
Yaw Fosu-Amoah

Yaw Fosu-Amoah (born 8 October 1981 in Ghana) is a South African long jumper.
His personal best jump is 8.05 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="18945486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945486" title="Gold Hill (Nevada County, California)">
Gold Hill (Nevada County, California)

Gold Hill, in Grass Valley, California, was the site of one of the first discoveries of quartz gold in California. While quartz gold was also found in other areas of Nevada County, California during the same time, it is this find near Wolf Creek that led to quartz-mining frenzy and subsequent creation of the Gold Country quartz-mining industry. The location is honored as a California Historical Landmark.
History.
George Knight (sometimes known as McKnight) was a California Gold Rush miner. In October 1850, he was on a Grass Valley hillside when he came across an outcropping of white quartz rock laced with yellow. He pounded the rock with a cast iron skillet and hammer, then washed out the gold. Searching for more gold in the same spot, he dug down into the outcropping and found a gold vein. His find was announced by another miner, George Crandall (1825–1908), who ran down to Boston Ravine, a small settlement nearby, with the news. 
Knight named the location Gold Hill and his claim became the Gold Hill Mine. He and friends constructed a crude stamp mill made out of the local forest's pine tree logs and equipped it with metal boots. The contraption was propelled by Wolf Creek's rushing water. 
While Gold Hill Mine produced $4,000,000 between 1850–1857, it "pinched out" by 1864 and closed. 
A 1940 geological survey of the Gold Hill Quartz Mine reported the host rock to be Diabase and Granodiorite and the mineral list showed gold, pyrite, and quartz.
Historical landmark.
The site is honored as California Historical Landmark number 297. The plaque, located on the southwest corner of Jenkins Street and Hocking Avenue in Grass Valley reads:

</doc>
<doc id="18945520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945520" title="Anastasius Nordenholz">
Anastasius Nordenholz

Anastasius Nordenholz (1862 - 1953) is the author of "Scientologie, Wissenschaft von der Beschaffenheit und der Tauglichkeit des Wissens" ("Scientology, Science of the Constitution and Usefulness of Knowledge") written in 1933.
His life.
Dr. Anastasius Nordenholz was born on February 1, 1862, in Buenos Aires, Argentina. At the age of 16 he came to Germany and studied law, political economics and philosophy successively in Berlin, Zurich and Jena. He then went to Munich, studying there as a private scholar until around 1905. 
In 1904, he published a study titled "Allgemeine Theorie der gesellschaftlichen Produktion" ("General Theory of the Production in Society"), which was linked with Schopenhauer and in which he examined Kant's criticism. This concerned political economics, with a focus on the science of human thinking and knowledge. This book was followed in 1927 with "Welt als Individuation - Entwurf eines Individuationismus" ("World as Individuation - Concept of an Individuationism"). A supplement of the Publishing House Felix Meiner in Leipzig said:
His work "Scientologie, Wissenschaft von der Beschaffenheit und der Tauglichkeit des Wissens" (""Scientology Science of the Constitution and Usefulness of Knowledge"") was published in 1934. The Church of Scientology has actively but in vain tried to suppress the book, as well as the domain name “scientologie”.
He spent the remainder of his life in Las Rosas, in the southwest of the province of Santa Fe, Argentina, to which he came back to after World War I. He subsequently returned to Germany only as visitor. Dr. Anastasius Nordenholz died at the age of 91 on September 21, 1953, in Santa Fe, Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="18945585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945585" title="History of education in ancient Israel and Judah">
History of education in ancient Israel and Judah

Education has been defined as, "teaching and learning specific skills, and also something less tangible, but more profound: the imparting of knowledge, positive judgement and well-developed wisdom. Education has as one of its fundamental aspects the imparting of culture from generation to generation (see socialization)". Formal education in this sense can be traced in Ancient Israel and Judah to around 1300 BCE with adoption of the Torah, which means "teaching", "instruction", "scribe" or "law" in Hebrew. 
Torah commandments.
Three Torah commandments (numbers 10, 11, 17) command provision of education in general society:
Thus the father was obligated as the sole teacher of his children in Jewish history (Deut. xi. 19). 
House of the teacher.
The institution known as the "be rav" or "bet rabban" (house of the teacher), or as the "be safra" or "bet sefer" (house of the book), is said to have been originated by Ezra' (459 BCE) and his Great Assembly, who provided a public school in Jerusalem to secure the education of fatherless boys of the age of sixteen years and upward. However, the school system did not develop until Joshua ben Gamla (64 CE) the high priest caused public schools to be opened in every town and hamlet for all children above six or seven years of age (Babylonian Talmud, Bava Batra 21a). Education began at the age of six or seven and continued throughout life; full-time basic education was completed before marriage at the age of about 18 years old. 
Expense and conduct.
The expense was borne by the community, and strict discipline was observed. However, Rav ordered Samuel ben Shilat to deal tenderly with the pupils, to refrain from corporal punishment, or at most to use a shoe-strap in correcting pupils for inattention. A stupid pupil was made monitor until able to grasp the art of learning. Raba fixed the number of pupils at twenty-five for one teacher; if the number was between twenty-five and forty an assistant teacher ("resh dukana") was necessary; and for over forty, two teachers were required. 
Teaching staff.
Only married men were engaged as teachers, but there is a difference of opinion regarding the qualification of the "melammed" (teacher). Raba preferred one who taught his pupils much, even though somewhat carelessly. Rav Dimi of Nehardea, preferred one who taught his pupils little, but correctly, as an error in reading once adopted is hard to correct (ib.). It is, of course, assumed that both qualifications were rarely found in one person.
Texts and subject areas.
The standard education texts were the Mishna and later the Talmud and Gemora, all hand-written until invention of printing. However significant, emphasis was placed on developing good memory skills in addition to comprehension by practice of oral repetition.
Basic education today is considered those skills that are necessary to function in society. In Ancient Israel, the child would be taught from the six broad subject areas into which the Mishna is divided, including: 
To understand the subject areas the student was required to learn counting, basic chemistry, physics and astronomy, writing, geography, agriculture and animal biology, history, accounting and economy, social and cultural role differences, basic medicine and pharmacology, and many others. This is broadly known as Kol Torah, or Cul'Tura in the Jewish communities of the pre-Revolutionary Russian Empire.
Education for girls.
Although girls were not provided with formal education in the yeshivah, they were required to know a large part of the subject areas to prepare them to maintain the home after marriage, and to educate the children before the age of seven, today considered the harder of the periods of education. In ancient Israel women did know how to read and write (despite popular belief to the contrary), and did participate in commerce independently, although not when married. This required them to be knowledgeable in all the laws of Nezikin not normally taught to girls.
Despite this schooling system, many children did not learn to read and write. It has been estimated that at least 90 percent of the Jewish population of Roman Palestine in the first centuries CE could merely write their own name or not write and read at all, or that the literacy rate was about 3 percent.

</doc>
<doc id="18945603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945603" title="List of number-one singles of 1986 (Ireland)">
List of number-one singles of 1986 (Ireland)

This is a list of singles which have reached number one on the Irish Singles Chart in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18945671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945671" title="Carrie Barefoot Dickerson">
Carrie Barefoot Dickerson

Carrie Barefoot Dickerson (born May 24, 1917, Okmulgee, Oklahoma; died November 17, 2006, Claremore, Oklahoma) was an American activist who led citizen efforts to stop construction of the proposed Black Fox Nuclear Power Plant in Oklahoma. 
Dickerson, a self-employed eldercare administrator, nutritionist and community activist retired from schoolteaching, first learned of the proposal in a news article in May 1973, and formed the group Citizens' Action for Safe Energy (CASE). Local citizens feared waste from the nuclear plant would lead to birth defects and other health problems for those who lived nearby. Following years of legal action and protests, it was announced in February 1982 that the plant would not be built. 
Carrie Barefoot Dickerson is featured in the book "Women of Spirit: Stories of Courage from the Women Who Lived Them" by Katherine Martin. The "Carrie Dickerson Lifetime Achievement Award," presented by the Oklahoma Sustainability Network, is named after her. Dickerson died in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18945673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945673" title="Ipsita Roy Chakraverti">
Ipsita Roy Chakraverti

Ipsita Roy Chakraverti (born Ipsita Chakraverti; November 3, 1950) is a Wiccan priestess based in India. Born into an elite family in India with a diplomat for a father and royalty for mother, Chakraverti spent her early years in Canada and the US where her father was stationed. There, she was allowed to join a select group of women, who were studying ancient cultures of the world and the old ways. Chakraverti studied with them for three years and finally chose Wicca as her religion. After coming back to India and getting married, Chakraverti declared herself as a witch in 1986. Amidst the backlash that followed her declaration, Chakraverti explained to the media regarding the Neo Pagan ways of Wicca and its healing power. 
Chakraverti started administering Wiccan ways of healing to the people of India, including traveling to remote villages and teaching the female population there, who were often accused of black magic and "witchcraft" by the male folk, and were murdered. In 1998, Chakraverti campaigned as an Indian National Congress candidate for the Parliament of India in the Hooghly district, but was not elected. She released her autobiography "Beloved Witch" in 2003. A second book titled "Sacred Evil: Encounters With the Unknown" was released in 2006, which chronicled nine case studies during her life as a Wiccan healer and gave explanations as to why those events happened. Both books received positive critical reception. 
The story "Sacred Evil" from the book was made into a motion picture by Sahara One Pictures. Titled "Sacred Evil – A True Story", the film starred Bollywood actress Sarika playing Chakraverti. After its release, the film was a commercial disappointment but received mixed reviews. Chakraverti started the Wiccan Brigade, a platform for those who want to study Wicca which was followed by Bengali TV channel ETV Bangla, creating two tele-serials based on Chakraverti's life and her experience with the paranormal. Chakraverti, who believes that Wicca is the first feminist movement in history, has been credited for bringing a new light on the taboo subject of witchcraft in India, and the rest of the world.
Biography.
1950–72: Early life and introduction to Wicca.
Chakraverti was born on November 3, 1950, to diplomat Debabrata Chakraverti, and Roma Sen, a descendant from the royals. Chakraverti spent much of her early life in Montreal, Canada, where her father was stationed. He was representative from India to the Council of ICAO. An only child, she shared her father's passion for reading and devoured books on Indian mysticism and traditions partly because people at Montreal were always asking questions about India. In 1965, while on vacation in the Laurentian mountains, Chakraverti was invited to an all woman's party by one of her mother's friend Carlotta. There, she was introduced to the "Society for the Study of Ancient Cultures and Civilizations", held by Carlotta. The group studied ancient texts, long-forgotten customs and the mystical ways of life. Chakraverti was selected to join them, through a process of initiation, and enrolled for a course with them. For the next five years, she stayed in a chalet on the mountains and studied about ancient cultures and their long-forgotten rituals with eleven other women, with Carlotta was their teacher. Alcohol, close friendship or anything that distracted from the prescribed hours of study, solitude and meditation, were taboo. Practical training in witchcraft was the only way; it included learning varied techniques of self-development and understanding the significance of ancient chants, movements, symbols, gestures, invoking energy from the elements, and training in the use of the apparatus integral to the craft. Chakraverti later commented, "It started as an academic curiosity. [...] Wicca includes both scientific facts and old lore. We studied Carl Jung and Friedrich Nietzsche because Wicca means studying various layers of the human mind." In 1972, near the completion of their course, Chakraverti, along with two other women were asked to choose between Way of Tao, Wicca and Kabbalah as their practiced craft; Chakraverti chose Wicca. She later commented that ancient goddesses like Isis, Artemis, Hecate, Kali and Freya, played an important role in deciding her future in Wicca.
1975–80: Finishing Wicca study, return to India and marriage.
While studying in the chalet, Chakraverti came across a number of prophecies left by a fifteenth-century Wiccan Luciana, who was brought to trial and questioned for her craft, persecuted, and escaped to a castle on the Rhine. Chakraverti translated the scrolls and believed that she was the reincarnation of Luciana. She commented in her book "Beloved Witch", 
"Even though Wicca does not believe in fortune telling or divination, Luciana left a few quatrains like Nostradamus, prophesying about generations to come. I was the one who sat at a chalet monastery in the Laurentians years ago and translated them from an ancient dialect to English. I knew I had to. That was my purpose. For I was Luciana returned. To take revenge for the wrongs she had suffered, to vindicate all women who are battered and bruised as witches in India till today. I have a purpose – I know that. Through the eyes of Luciana I see this world.
At the end of her study, Carlotta gave each new initiate witch certain implements: symbolic gifts of Mother Goddesses who are worshipped by Wiccans. From Athena, Ipsita received a black cloak, which conferred majesty and regality on herd. Among other gifts were a crystal skull of Kali and a silver bowl from Venus to be filled with water and used in particular rituals. However, she did not receive a certain glowing amber ball of Hecate, which confers vision and is used for toning up the electro-magnetic system of the body. Carlotta told her, "If you have been and are a true Wiccan, the ball will come to you in some part of your life." That year, Chakraverti was involved in a relationship with singer Elvis Presley, whom she met in Graceland, through a mutual friend. In 1975, Chakraverti's family decided to come back to India. She stayed for few years in Delhi, before coming back to their home in Kolkata in 1978. There, while teaching at South Point High School, she met Jayanta Roy through some mutual friends and became romantically involved with him. Roy is an erstwhile love-child of the king of Orissa, an Indian state. Chakraverti and Roy married and had a daughter Deepta Roy Chakraverti.
1981–95: Coming out as a witch and social work.
After Deepta's birth, Chakraverti decided to start her work of Wicca and help the women in the villages of West Bengal, where many used to be killed under the accusation of being a witch. Chakraverti finally declared in front of the media that she is a witch in 1986. A backlash followed, including protest movements and boycotts, urged by the Bengal CPM leader Jyoti Basu. However, Chakraverti put all allegations to rest and addressed the media in a press conference. There, she spoke about how Wicca is a Neo pagan religion and a form of modern witchcraft. It is often referred to as Witchcraft or the Craft by its adherents, who are known as Wiccans or Witches. She declared that she wished to start her own healing center and curb the "witch-killings" happening at that time in rural Bengal. The press was impressed by her knowledge and her straightforwardness in addressing such a taboo subject. She later clarified, "I had the social and economic padding and I decided to use it."
After the incident, Chakraverti started to administer Wiccan way of healing and held sessions at her home. She used to advocate people of the different ways of healing the mind and advice on their day to day problems and their solutions. Chakraverti brought forth the curative powers of crystals and would admonish it for curing people from backache, pains and spinal injuries. She also started investigating and brought to light the plight of women in rural Bengal where many were tortured under the pretext of being a witch. Chakraverti travelled to such villages in Purulia, Bankura, Birbhum and documented such mishaps, sometimes teaching women who were emotionally or physically battered by men to recognize and unleash the power within themselves. "Wicca can do that the empowerment of the goddesses. [...] The village women—simple women accused of witchcraft—would give me stories which were really heartbreaking. It opened my eyes to how much venom there was in these men. [...] I have tried to bring succor to women branded ‘witches' or ‘dayans' who are still today being molested and killed for what they are believed to practice. I have brought their cases before the authorities and the press in an attempt to show up the hypocrisy of their persecutors – mostly men – who are trying to denigrate this ancient branch of learning in order to wreak revenge on these women for some very personal motives."
1996–2004: Election candidacy, "Beloved Witch" and "Sacred Evil".
In 1998, Chakraverti campaigned as an Indian National Congress candidate for the Parliament of India in the Hooghly district. She was requested to take up the post on behalf of Sonia Gandhi, but was not elected. Later, Chakraverti became the Secretary of the West Bengal Pradesh Congress Committee. She then started working on her biography, titled "Beloved Witch: An Autobiography". The book tells how she came to be a Wiccan and how she had carried on the tag of being a "witch" in a society where witches are still looked down. The book, after its release in November 2000, was critically appreciated. Nona Walia from "The Times of India" commented, "Roy Chakraverti knows that it is unusual for well-bred Bengali girls to become witches and acknowledges her gratitude to her mother for allowing her the right to choose. After all, she says, every strong woman can be a witch in her own right, and that is perhaps the truest message that the book holds for the reader. [...] If there is a problem with the book, it is that much is left unsaid and much of it seems hurried, as if an editor said, 'Don't make it too serious, people won't understand,' just enough for people to chatter about at a cocktail party." 
She released a second book in 2003, titled "Sacred Evil: Encounters with the Unknown". The book, which was previously known as "Good and Evil", chronicled nine case studies during her life as a Wiccan healer and gives explanations as to why those events happened. To promote the book, Chakraverti held a healing session at Oxford Bookstore in Kolkata, where she read excerpts from the book, and gave demonstration of her healing skills, holding the hand of a volunteer, tapping her with her athame (wand) and reciting Egyptian chants. After its release, the book received positive reaction from critics. Rajdeep Bains from "The Tribune" commented "Sacred Evil is a very coherent account of the author’s dealings with witchcraft and sorcery. Unfortunately, it could add to superstition, which is already prevalent at an unhealthy level in our country. As a work of fiction it would have been laudable; given the cover of truth it becomes a dangerous piece of writing. [...] But what makes "Sacred Evil" so interesting is the juxtaposition of modern thought with the ageless. After every chapter there are notes on the practices described in it along with modern explanations." Krithika Ranjan from "The Hindu" commented, "Throughout ["Sacred Evil"] Chakraverti refers to herself as a skeptic. Yet the stories she tells are bound to raise the ire of a rationalist. You can almost hear one spluttering about superstition as you read the story "Those who return". [...] In the final analysis, the book is a good read — whether you believe in the dark arts or whether you just want to curl up with a spine thriller." Chakraverti started working on her third book, tentatively titled "Every Strong Woman is a Witch".
2005–07: "Sacred Evil – A True Story" and The Wiccan Brigade.
In 2005, "The Kolkata Telegraph" reported that director Rituparno Ghosh wanted to cast Chakraverti in a film based on a case the Wiccan had encountered while practicing the craft. Ghosh commented, "Till now, I have dealt with relationships and the intricacies of the human mind. With this film, I want to delve into that which lies beyond and observe how this non-conventional spiritualism, Wicca, guides me. [...] It's a story of two time zones, separated by a span of 150 years, two people of different mindsets and different cultures. However, in 2006, the story "Sacred Evil" from "Sacred Evil: Encounters with the Unknown" was adapted into a film by Sahara One Motion Pictures; Ipsita served as creative director. The film, titled as "Sacred Evil – A True Story", was a joint venture between Sahara One and Percept Picture Company. "Sacred Evil" was the last story in the book and is about a nun who was hounded by her troubled past and for whom the convent eventually sought counseling from Chakraverti. Sahara One had approached August 2004 to make a film on "Sacred Evil", but she was reluctant to play herself on the big screen when offered the role, instead chose to be the creative director. Chakraverti helped pen the script, incorporating large amount of dialogue from her story. "I told the production team how the protagonist reacted in certain situations, since I had lived the story, and how the dialogue happened. [...] I also insisted that the film be shot in Calcutta, though others had suggested other places, because it's here where I have done most of my therapies." Actress Sarika was signed to play Chakraverti's part, to which Chakraverti said: "The other and more important task was familiarizing Sarika with the ways of a Wiccan. We had several sittings before going for the shoot. Sarika wanted to imbibe me. So, she came down to Delhi and lived with me for a while. I showed her how the healing took place and how certain rituals had been conducted."
However, before its release, "Sacred Evil – A True Story" faced a petition which challenged the Censor Board's decision to grant an exhibition certificate to the film. The petition, filed by lawyer Gerry Coelho, contended that granting certificate to the film, was unethical and indecent on the part of the Censor Board of India and constituted total non-application of mind. The objections raised by Coelho were based on the film's posters and promotional advertisements. The Censor Board said that they had not been insensitive to Christian sentiments. "We are very careful when we screen sensitive movies [...] But, there is nothing in the movie that is objectionable, or will hurt the sentiments of the community in question." The film was given green signal by the censor board, but was still postponed because of non-availability of theatres. It was finally released on June 23, 2006, and was a commercial disappointment but received mixed reviews from critics. Taran Adarsh from Bollywood Hungama commented: "Sacred Evil is a pleasant change and a break from the monotony of the regular Hindi films. However, the subject is one that caters to a niche audience only. However, the fact cannot be denied that the narrative does not go off-track nor does it seem as if some sequences have been incorporated for the sake of it. Despite its slow pacing, Sacred Evil has the knack to hold the interest of its viewer. It's definitely a fine effort by directors Abiyaan Rajhans and Abhigyan Jha. The performances are above average, with Sarika dominating the show." Deepali Singh from "The Kolkata Telegraph" gave the film three out of ten, stating "If one hopes to discover the secrets of Wiccan ways in Sacred Evil, directed by Abiyaan Rajhans and Abhigyan Jha, one is in for a major disappointment. Beyond a candlelit session, which doesn't really lead anywhere except to a few flickers of vague shadows in the background, the story just about treads into the Wiccan world. [...] Sarika, as Ipsita, ghost walks through another expressionless comeback." 
Chakraverti announced the launch of the Wiccan Brigade in November 2006. It was a platform for those interested in studying Wicca and using the branch of knowledge to holistic effect. Though Wicca was predominantly practiced by women, Wiccan Brigade welcomed men also. Chakraverti commented, "Close to 100 people, comprising professionals, some housewives and many students, have approached me on the Net to start the group. I think it’s the right time to institutionalize Wicca. [...] Though it wouldn’t be possible to have here the kind of training we had in the Laurentians, there would be sessions on yoga and meditation, and lectures and group discussions." A batch of 25 people were selected through a screening process who partook the sessions consisting of social, historical, psychological and gender-related issues of Wicca. In July 2007, the National Commission for Minority Educational Institutions (NCMEI) nominated Chakraverti to head a panel tasked with improving the status of young girls in India. She launched the Wiccan Brigade in London in December 2007, named as Ipsita’s Yogini Club. Chakraverti commented, "I’ve always believed the yogini and the witch are the same, and London seems to me to be a place where various cultures of the world have come together. It has a rich cultural history and an atmosphere in which the spirit of the past lives on. It is the right place for the Yogini Club."
2008–present: The Konark Project, "Parapaar" and "The Living Doll".
Chakraverti claimed to have cracked the mystic code that shrouds the Konark Sun Temple in Orissa, and its curative power. After years of research, she made this revelation in a documentary titled "The Konark Code", which was premiered at the Nehru Centre in London in February 2008. Her theory was that the temple at Konark was a healing spot, a cure centre for various diseases. King Narasimha Deva started making the temple in 1253 AD and it took him 12 years to complete it. "Myth says that Samba, the son of Krishna, went to the spot to get himself cured of leprosy. Till date, hundreds of leprosy patients flock to the temple to cure themselves. There are other factors that add to the temple's existence as a healing centre." According to Chakraverti, solar rays and sound frequency also played an important part in healing. The dance that was part of worship was for a purpose. The vibration of the steps of the dancers energized the temple stones. The sun's rays, because of the particular corner in which the temple was constructed, also played an important part. In August, Chakraverti worked on a tele serial for ETV Bangla called "Parapaar". The show was based on Chakraverti's life-journey and her encounters with the paranormal. A dramatized story, where actress Chandrayee Ghosh played her parts, was aired from Monday to Friday, and on Saturday, Chakraverti herself interacted with audiences through phone-ins related to the story. She commented, "I had reservations when I was approached for "Parapaar" because it’s important to convey the philosophy and atmosphere in Wicca in the right way. But I feel it’s time to reach Wicca to the masses, and since Bengal is the place where the Mother Goddess Durga is worshipped, it’s important that misconceptions about Dakinividya are shattered. People should know who a daini is and what she does." 
In June 2009, Chakraverti collaborated with filmmaker Anjan Dutt and Sarika to make a film called "The Loving Doll", with the story taken from "Sacred Evil" again. It will be filmed in Hindi with bits of English. Sarika plays the central character of a middle-aged woman obsessed about losing her looks. The story revolves around a married couple beset with personal problems, triggered by a doll owned by the wife. Charaverti said: "After the film "Sacred Evil", I have been approached by several directors for another film but the inspiration was not there. This time around there was a synchronicity — Sarika phoned me to ask if I was thinking of another film. She has long wanted to play the woman in "The Loving Doll" [...] Then I happened to see "Madly Bangalee", and liked Anjan’s work very much. I think he has the touch to be able to handle the subject of "The Loving Doll". So I contacted him and he was very interested in the project. Though he works in a very different genre from mine, I think there is empathy between his work and mine." Chakraverti also said that she may play the part of a healer in the film, "It’s the director’s prerogative. We will do what is best for the film." In April 2010, ETV Bangla created a serial called "Dibaratrir Galpo", which was based on "Beloved Witch". The plot of "Dibaratrir Galpo", directed by Tathagata Banerjee, centres around a dispute between two aristocratic Bengali families, but the lead character (played by Sudipta Chakraborty) was shown as a follower of Wicca who learns to develop her psychic power and uses it to counter the machinations of her enemies. Chakraverti appeared on the commercials for the serial because she felt that her deglamorised presence helped audiences in the suburbs see elderly women, who are often branded as witches, in a positive light. "I felt that the story of "Dibaratrir Galpo" would take to esoteric ideas very well. It has a women-oriented theme and it will show how the negative aspects of the esoteric can be countered."
Influence and legacy.
Chakraverti's advance and declaring of herself as a witch came at a time, when India still considered the word "witch" as a taboo. Author Kumkum Bhandari said that "Ipsita was a pioneer. Remember, call someone a 'witch' and you could be in for slander. Legally. But she was easily accepted. Partly because of her packaging and presentation—she is elegant, articulate and poised. People listen when she speaks. [...] Life and magic course through and around her. Being a witch is about ripping away layers of social conditioning, gender limitations and protective shields. It is, in a sense about moving towards being the complete and total woman. There is intensity, conviction and passion in the way Ipsita talks about witchcraft, or Wicca—the Craft of the Wise—and its relevance throughout history." Chakraverti also observes that "If I had come from a different rung of society, or was illiterate, the reaction wouldn't be the same. I have observed that it is always the person they will accept, and then the word Wicca. Witches are not born, they are made. Or perhaps they sculpt themselves." According to her, every strong women can be considered a witch. "A witch is the total woman. Strong daring women who have dared to live their own life, whatever it is. Jacqueline Kennedy, Indira Gandhi, Marilyn Monroe, Madonna, Namita Gokhale, Kiran Bedi—all of them could count as witches." Chakraverti has argued that Wicca is the first feminist movement in history and the oldest women-oriented branch of learning. 
In "Beloved Witch", Chakraverti stated that "The witches of olden times were learned women. They were goddess worshippers. They were doctors and wiser than the panchayat men." According to scholar Gary F. Jensen, who wrote the book "The path of the devil: early modern witch hunts", Chakraverti's self-confession of being a witch, brought a new light on the taboo subject of witchcraft in India, and the rest of the world. She paralleled the conflict between women as healers and tribal leaders of Indian villages to the conflict between women, accused of witchcraft and the male-dominated society during Medieval Europe. Jensen added, "I think what Chakraverti has done is open up a new door, not only for India, but for the rest of the world, by showing that women can't be held down by norms. She can be anything she wants." She commented about being a Wiccan as,
"A Wiccan knows how to live life. There is no negativity no dullness, no pulling back. That effortlessness is there. Before you can draw energy from the elements to rejuvenate yourself, you have to love nature, attune and identify with it. To bring it to more practical and understandable levels, you must have an almost sensuous and sensual relation with what is around you. Attune your senses finely to recognize the sensuous touches of nature. Winter flowers are not fragrant, but there is a smell to them. Identify it. Only as you become finely-honed and centered will you be able to sense and use the presence of earth energy or that of other elements. The more you sensitize yourself, the more Nature reveals her secrets."
Chakraverti's greatest influence has been on her daughter Deepta, who was chosen as her successor to helm the task of promoting about Wicca. Chakraverti commented: "There are certain aspects of Wicca that you can't teach; they have to be absorbed. Something that I am not consciously passing on, something that has to be taken from me. I felt Deepta had the potential and I would have never forced her had she not been so keen. This is not necessarily through a mother-daughter bonding, it can be "guru-shishya" (mentor-protégé), or any form of relationship where there is a guiding force." Deepta, was trained by Chakraverti in meditation, physical exercises, studying old religions, and other Wiccan regimen. Chakraverti has also brought forth similarities between Old Wiccan findings and the discoveries of modern physics and parapsychology. According to Sudipto Shome of "The Hindu", "You could be called a "dayan" and burnt alive, or you could be called an enchantress and enlighten an audience on the art of Wicca. Ipsita is the latter, and she has used her social and economic padding to make others "listen" to her."

</doc>
<doc id="18945682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945682" title="Dexter Kozen">
Dexter Kozen

Dexter Campbell Kozen is an American theoretical computer scientist. He is Joseph Newton Pew, Jr. Professor in Engineering at Cornell University. He received his B.A. from Dartmouth College in 1974 and his PhD in computer science from Cornell University in 1976, where he was advised by Juris Hartmanis.
He is a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery, a Guggenheim Fellow, and has received a
Outstanding Innovation Award from IBM Corporation. He has also been named Faculty of the Year by the Association of Computer Science Undergraduates at Cornell.
He is known for his seminal work at the intersection of logic and complexity. He is one of the fathers of dynamic logic and developed the version of the mu calculus most used today. Moreover, he has written several textbooks on the theory of computation, automata theory, dynamic logic, and algorithms.
Kozen was also a guitarist, singer, and songwriter in the band "Harmful if Swallowed." He also holds the position of faculty advisor for Cornell's Rugby Football club and plays for the Cortland Homer Thundering Herd rugby team.

</doc>
<doc id="18945742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945742" title="Stephen Au">
Stephen Au

Stephen Au Kam-tong (born 26 April 1964) is a Hong Kong actor for TVB (2000–present). He was formerly an actor for ATV (1990–2000).
He played David Mo (武紀勇) in TVB sitcom Best Selling Secrets (2007–2008). He also played the role of Yim Yue Dai (閆汝大) in TVB sitcom Off Pedder.

</doc>
<doc id="18945751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945751" title="Roman Novotný">
Roman Novotný

Roman Novotný (; born 5 January 1986) is a Czech long jumper.
He finished seventh at the 2003 World Youth Championships, won the silver medal at the 2007 Summer Universiade and finished eighth at the 2008 Olympic Games.
His personal best jump is 8.21 metres, achieved in July 2008 in Brno.

</doc>
<doc id="18945767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945767" title="Gastrolobium minus">
Gastrolobium minus

Gastrolobium minus, also known as broad-leaved brachysema, is a prostrate shrub which is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is a member of the family Fabaceae and of the genus "Gastrolobium", which contains many toxic species, however the toxicity of this species is unknown.
Description.
The plant grows to about 1 metre in diameter and has leaves that are oval in shape with a dark green upper surface and a silky undersurface. The flowers appear predominantly between July and October in the species native range. These are orange-red with a standard that has recurved margins and yellow markings
Distribution and habitat.
The species occurs in open Jarrah ("Eucalyptus marginata") forest near Mount Barker and Cranbrook, with an outlying population in Fitzgerald River National Park.
Cultivation.
The species has been popular in cultivation for many years, often distributed under the incorrect name of "Brachysema latifolium." 
The plant may be used as a groundcover on embankments or in large containers or hanging baskets. It prefers light shade and good drainage, and is somewhat frost-tolerant.

</doc>
<doc id="18945790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945790" title="Rizal Memorial Baseball Stadium">
Rizal Memorial Baseball Stadium

The Rizal Memorial Baseball Stadium is a baseball stadium located inside the Rizal Memorial Sports Complex in Manila, Philippines. It has a seating capacity of 10,000. It served as the main baseball stadium of the 1954 Asian Games and also hosted the baseball of the 2005 Southeast Asian Games. Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig each hit home runs here in 1934. Gehrig became the first player to ever hit a home run in the baseball stadium on December 2, 1934, while Ruth was the second. It is currently being used as the venue for the games of Baseball Philippines, the country's top baseball league.

</doc>
<doc id="18945794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945794" title="Rožle Prezelj">
Rožle Prezelj

Rožle Prezelj (born 26 September 1979) is a Slovenian high jumper.
Biography.
Prezelj respresented Slovenia at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where he finished 12th in high jump.

</doc>
<doc id="18945808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945808" title="Moh Youn-sook">
Moh Youn-sook

Moh Youn Sook (March 5, 1910 - June 7, 1990; Korean: 모윤숙) is the best-known Korean female poet. 
Life.
While young she belonged to a circle of friends which also included the alleged secret agent Kim Soo-im. Though Moh is a focus of great popular admiration and critical inquiry in the Korean-speaking world, she and her work are little known abroad.
Moh Youn Sook’s pen name was Yeongun. She was born in Wonsan, Hamgyeongnam-do, on March 5, 1910. She attended Hamheung Yeongsaeng Girls' School, Hosudon Girls' School, and graduated from Ewha Technical College, majoring in Literature. She taught at Jiando Myeongsin and Baewha Girls' High schools, and was a reporter for Samcheollisa and Joongang Broadcasting Company. In 1940, she was detained at Gyeonggi-do Police Station for writing the poems "Joseonui ttal" and "I saengmyeong". After Korea gained independence from Japan, she remained active not only in literature but also in various other fields. Moh participated in the 1948 UN General Assembly as a representative of Korea; she also attended the 1954 establishment of the Korean Division of the International Pen Club, consecutively filling various posts. She served as committee chairwoman of the Korean Freedom Literary Association, head committee member of All Literature, committee chairwoman of Korean Division of International Pen Club, committee vice-chairwoman for the International Pen Club, and president of Korea's Contemporary Poetry Association. She died on June 7, 1990. 
Work.
Her early poetry, often criticized for indulging in facile emotionalism and sentimentalism, is marked by sharp depictions of repressed passion in direct and vivid images. Her work, however, while certainly bold, energetic, and occasionally overflowing, is not always addressed to a single beloved figure; the object of her free outpour of emotions is often the Korean nation. Her intense and often frustrated patriotism ramifies into the issues of history, national territory, nature, and provincial affairs. In 1940, Moh was still deeply involved in publications and writing, but like many of her contemporaries, she was forced to tailor her works to the political policies of the Japanese. Under oppressive colonial rule, she gradually turned to writing 'pure poetry' a poetry of pure, disembodied lyricism, containing no political, social, or historical references whatsoever. After the Liberation, however, she once again gave free rein to her patriotic impulses and composed highly inspiring patriotic pieces celebrating the prevailing nationalistic consciousness of the period. 
Works in Korean (partial).
Poetry Collections

</doc>
<doc id="18945831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945831" title="Road signs in Italy">
Road signs in Italy

Road signs in Italy conform to the general pattern of those used in most other European countries. They are regulated by the "Codice della Strada (Highway Code)" and by the "Regolamento di Attuazione del Codice della Strada" in conformity with the Vienna Convention on Road Signs and Signals.
Italian signs depict stickman silhouetted persons.
Design.
Distances and other measurements are displayed in metric units. 
Warning signs are usually placed 150 metres before the area they're referring to; if they're farther or nearer, an additional sign displays the actual distance in metres. Prohibition signs and mandatory instruction signs, instead, are placed exactly at the beginning of the area of validity.
Colours and shapes.
Signs follow the general European conventions concerning the use of shape and colour to indicate function of signs:
Colours of directional road signs.
On main roads and within cities, the colour of a directional sign with a single destination depends on the type of destination:
Typeface.
A version of the Transport typeface employed on road signs in the UK, called Alfabeto Normale, is used on Italian road signs. A condensed version, called Alfabeto Stretto, is also used for long names that wouldn't fit. Each name uses one font, but names in Alfabeto Normale and in Alfabeto Stretto can co-exist on one sign.
The font is officially regulated by the 1992 "Codice della Strada", section 125. It defines both Alfabeto Normale and Alfabeto Stretto for uppercase letters, lowercase letters and digits, "positive" (dark on light background) and "negative" (light on dark background). However, there are regulations about the use of Alfabeto Normale dating back to 1969.
Uppercase is used in most cases. Lowercase is sometimes used for city districts and tourist attractions.
Language.
The Standard Language is Italian. In some autonomous regions or provinces bilingual signs are used (mainly Italian/German in South Tyrol, Italian/French in Aosta Valley and Italian/Slovenian along the Slovenian border, but also Italian/Friulan in the Friuli historical region and Italian/Sardinian in Sardinia).

</doc>
<doc id="18945841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945841" title="Georgina Póta">
Georgina Póta

Georgina Póta (born 13 January 1985 in Budapest) is a Hungarian table tennis player.
She won gold medal in the team competition at the 2007 Table Tennis European Championships in Belgrade, silver medal in women's doubles and bronze medal in mixed doubles.
She also competed at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, where she was knocked out in the third round by Wang Nan of China who later managed to win the silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18945847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945847" title="Hip hop music">
Hip hop music

Hip hop music, also called hip-hop, rap music, or hip-hop music, is a music genre consisting of a stylized rhythmic music that commonly accompanies rapping, a rhythmic and rhyming speech that is chanted. It developed as part of hip hop culture, a subculture defined by four key stylistic elements: MCing/rapping, DJing/scratching, break dancing, and graffiti writing. Other elements include sampling (or synthesis), and beatboxing.
While often used to refer to rapping, "hip hop" more properly denotes the practice of the entire subculture. The term "hip hop music" is sometimes used synonymously with the term "rap music", though rapping is not a required component of hip hop music; the genre may also incorporate other elements of hip hop culture, including DJing and scratching, beatboxing, and instrumental tracks.
Origin of the term.
Creation of the term "hip hop" is often credited to Keith Cowboy, rapper with Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five. However, Lovebug Starski, Keith Cowboy, and DJ Hollywood used the term when the music was still known as "disco rap". It is believed that Cowboy created the term while teasing a friend who had just joined the U.S. Army, by scat singing the words "hip/hop/hip/hop" in a way that mimicked the rhythmic cadence of soldiers marching. Cowboy later worked the "hip hop" cadence into a part of his stage performance, which was quickly used by other artists such as The Sugarhill Gang in "Rapper's Delight".
Universal Zulu Nation founder Afrika Bambaataa is credited with first using the term to describe the subculture in which the music belonged; although it is also suggested that it was a derogatory term to describe the type of music. The first use of the term in print was in "The Village Voice", by Steven Hager, later author of a 1984 history of hip hop.
1970s.
Origins.
Hip hop as music and culture formed during the 1970s when block parties became increasingly popular in New York City, particularly among African American youth residing in the Bronx. Block parties incorporated DJs, who played popular genres of music, especially funk and soul music. Due to the positive reception, DJs began isolating the percussive breaks of popular songs. This technique was then common in Jamaican dub music, and was largely introduced into New York by immigrants from Jamaica and elsewhere in the Caribbean, including DJ Kool Herc, who is generally considered the father of hip hop. Because the percussive breaks in funk, soul and disco records were generally short, Herc and other DJs began using two turntables to extend the breaks.
Hip hop's early evolution into a form distinct from R&B also, not coincidentally, occurred around the time that sampling technology and drum-machines became widely available to the general public at a cost that was affordable to the average consumer—not just professional studios. Drum-machines and samplers were combined in machines that came to be known as MPC's or 'Music Production Centers', early examples of which would include the Linn 9000. The first sampler that was broadly adopted to create this new kind of music was the Mellotron used in combination with the TR-808 drum machine. Mellotrons and Linn's were succeeded by the AKAI, in the late 1980s.
Turntablist techniques – such as scratching (attributed to Grand Wizzard Theodore), beat mixing and/or matching, and beat juggling – eventually developed along with the breaks, creating a base that could be rapped over, in a manner similar to signifying, as well as the art of toasting, another influence found in Jamaican dub music.
Hip hop music in its infancy has been described as an outlet and a "voice" for the disenfranchised youth of low-economic areas, as the culture reflected the social, economic and political realities of their lives.
Introduction of rapping.
Rapping, also referred to as MCing or emceeing, is a vocal style in which the artist speaks lyrically, in rhyme and verse, generally to an instrumental or synthesized beat. Beats, almost always in 4/4 time signature, can be created by sampling and/or sequencing portions of other songs by a producer. They also incorporate synthesizers, drum machines, and live bands. Rappers may write, memorize, or improvise their lyrics and perform their works a cappella or to a beat.
Hip hop music predates the introduction of rapping into hip hop culture, and rap vocals are absent from many hip hop tracks, such as "Hip Hop, Be Bop (Don’t Stop)" by Man Parrish; "Chinese Arithmetic" by Eric B. & Rakim; "Al-Naafiysh (The Soul)" and "We're Rocking the Planet" by Hashim; and "Destination Earth" by Newcleus. However, the majority of the genre has been accompanied by rap vocals, including female rappers. Bronx artist MC Sha Rock, member of the Funky Four Plus One is credited with performing the first female hip hop rap. The Sequence, a hip hop trio signed to Sugar Hill Records in the early '80's, were the first all female group to release a rap record, Funk You Up.
The roots of rapping are found in African-American music and ultimately African music, particularly that of the griots of West African culture. The African-American traditions of signifyin', the dozens, and jazz poetry all influence hip hop music, as well as the call and response patterns of African and African-American religious ceremonies. Soul singer James Brown, and musical 'comedy' acts such as Rudy Ray Moore and Blowfly are often considered "godfathers" of hip hop music. 
Within New York City, performances of spoken-word poetry and music by artists such as The Last Poets, Gil Scott-Heron and Jalal Mansur Nuriddin had a significant impact on the post-civil rights era culture of the 1960s and 1970s, and thus the social environment in which hip hop music was created.
DJ Kool Herc and Coke La Rock provided an influence on the vocal style of rapping by delivering simple poetry verses over funk music breaks, after party-goers showed little interest in their previous attempts to integrate reggae-infused toasting into musical sets. DJs and MCs would often add call and response chants, often consisting of a basic chorus, to allow the performer to gather his thoughts (e.g. "one, two, three, y'all, to the beat").
Later, the MCs grew more varied in their vocal and rhythmic delivery, incorporating brief rhymes, often with a sexual or scatological theme, in an effort to differentiate themselves and to entertain the audience. These early raps incorporated the dozens, a product of African American culture. Kool Herc & the Herculoids were the first hip hop group to gain recognition in New York, but the number of MC teams increased over time.
Often these were collaborations between former gangs, such as Afrikaa Bambaataa's Universal Zulu Nation—now an international organization. Melle Mel, a rapper with The Furious Five is often credited with being the first rap lyricist to call himself an "MC". During the early 1970s B-boying arose during block parties, as b-boys and b-girls got in front of the audience to dance in a distinctive and frenetic style. The style was documented for release to a world wide audience for the first time in documentaries and movies such as "Style Wars", "Wild Style", and "Beat Street". The term "B-boy" was coined by DJ Kool Herc to describe the people who would wait for the break section of the song, getting in front of the audience to dance in a distinctive, frenetic style.
Although there were many early MCs that recorded solo projects of note, such as DJ Hollywood, Kurtis Blow and Spoonie Gee, the frequency of solo artists did not increase until later with the rise of soloists with stage presence and drama, such as LL Cool J. Most early hip hop was dominated by groups where collaboration between the members was integral to the show. An example would be the early hip hop group Funky Four Plus One, who performed in such a manner on "Saturday Night Live" in 1981.
Influence of disco.
Hip hop music was both influenced by disco music and a backlash against it. According to Kurtis Blow, the early days of hip hop were characterized by divisions between fans and detractors of disco music. Hip hop had largely emerged as "a direct response to the watered down, Europeanised, disco music that permeated the airwaves", and the earliest hip hop was mainly based on hard funk loops. However, by 1979, disco instrumental loops/tracks had become the basis of much hip hop music. This genre got the name of "disco rap". Ironically, hip hop music was also a proponent in the eventual decline in disco popularity.
DJ Pete Jones, Eddie Cheeba, DJ Hollywood, and Love Bug Starski were disco-influenced hip hop DJs. Their styles differed from other hip hop musicians who focused on rapid-fire rhymes and more complex rhythmic schemes. Afrika Bambaataa, Paul Winley, Grandmaster Flash, and Bobby Robinson were all members of this latter group.
In Washington, D.C. go-go emerged as a reaction against disco and eventually incorporated characteristics of hip hop during the early 1980s. The genre of electronic music behaved similarly, eventually evolving into what is known as house music in Chicago and techno in Detroit.
Transition to recording.
Prior to 1979, recorded hip hop music consisted mainly of PA system recordings of parties and early hip hop mixtapes by DJs. Puerto Rican DJ Disco Wiz is credited as the first hip hop DJ to create a "mixed plate," or mixed dub recording, when, in 1977, he combined sound bites, special effects and paused beats to technically produce a sound recording.
The first hip hop record is widely regarded to be The Sugarhill Gang's "Rapper's Delight", from 1979. However, much controversy surrounds this assertion as some regard "King Tim III (Personality Jock)" by The Fatback Band, which was released a few weeks before "Rapper's Delight", as a rap record. There are various other claimants for the title of first hip hop record.
By the early 1980s, all the major elements and techniques of the hip hop genre were in place. Though not yet mainstream, hip hop had permeated outside of New York City; it could be found in cities as diverse as Atlanta, Los Angeles, Washington, D.C., Baltimore, Dallas, Kansas City, San Antonio, Miami, Seattle, St. Louis, New Orleans, Houston, and Toronto. Indeed, "Funk You Up" (1979), the first hip hop record released by a female group, and the second single released by Sugar Hill Records, was performed by The Sequence, a group from Columbia, South Carolina which featured Angie Stone.
Despite the genre's growing popularity, Philadelphia was, for many years, the only city whose contributions could be compared to New York City's. Hip hop music became popular in Philadelphia in the late 1970s. The first released record was titled "Rhythm Talk", by Jocko Henderson.
The "New York Times" had dubbed Philadelphia the "Graffiti Capital of the World" in 1971. Philadelphia native DJ Lady B recorded "To the Beat Y'All" in 1979, and became the first female solo hip hop artist to record music. Schoolly D, starting in 1984 and also from Philadelphia, began creating a style that would later be known as gangsta rap.
1980s.
The 1980s marked the diversification of hip hop as the genre developed more complex styles. Early examples of the diversification process can be identified through such tracks as Grandmaster Flash's "The Adventures of Grandmaster Flash on the Wheels of Steel" (1981), a single consisting entirely of sampled tracks as well as Afrika Bambaataa's "Planet Rock" (1982), which signified the fusion of hip hop music with electro. In addition, Rammellzee & K-Rob's "Beat Bop" (1983) was a 'slow jam' which had a dub influence with its use of reverb and echo as texture and playful sound effects. The mid-1980s was marked by the influence of rock music, with the release of such albums as "King of Rock" and "Licensed to Ill".
Heavy usage of the new generation of drum machines such as the Oberheim DMX and Roland 808 models was a characteristic of many 1980s songs. To this day the 808 kickdrum is traditionally used by hip hop producers. Over time sampling technology became more advanced; however earlier producers such as Marley Marl used drum machines to construct their beats from small excerpts of other beats in synchronisation, in his case, triggering 3 Korg sampling-delay units through a 808. Later, samplers such as the E-mu SP-1200 allowed not only more memory but more flexibility for creative production. This allowed the filtration and layering different hits, and with a possibility of re-sequencing them into a single piece.
With the emergence of a new generation of samplers such as the AKAI S900 in the late 1980s, producers did not require the aid of tape loops. Public Enemy's first album was created with the help of large tape loops. The process of looping break into a breakbeat now became more common with a sampler, now doing the job which so far had been done manually by the DJ. In 1989, DJ Mark James under the moniker "45 King", released "The 900 Number", a breakbeat track created by synchronizing samplers and vinyl.
The lyrical content of hip hop evolved as well. The early styles presented in the 1970s soon were replaced with metaphorical lyrics over more complex, multi-layered instrumentals. Artists such as Melle Mel, Rakim, Chuck D, KRS-One and Warp 9 revolutionized hip hop by transforming it into a more mature art form, with sophisticated arrangements, often featuring "gorgeous textures and multiple layers" The influential single "The Message" (1982) by Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five is widely considered to be the pioneering force for conscious rap.
Independent record labels like Tommy Boy, Prism Records and Profile Records released records at a furious pace in response to the demand on the street. During the early 1980s, electro music and rap were catalysts that sparked hip hop movement, largely led by artists such as Cybotron, Hashim, Afrika Bambaataa, Planet Patrol, Warp 9 and Newcleus. In the New York City recording scene, it was not uncommon for artists to collaborate with producer/writers like Arthur Baker, John Robie, Lotti Golden and Richard Scher, exchanging ideas that contributed to the development of hip hop. Some rappers eventually became mainstream pop performers. Kurtis Blow's appearance in a Sprite commercial marked the first hip hop musician to represent a major product. The 1981 songs "Rapture" by Blondie and "Christmas Wrapping" by the new-wave band The Waitresses were among the first pop songs to utilize rap in the delivery. In 1982 Afrika Bambaataa, introduced hip hop to an international audience with "Planet Rock."
Prior to the 1980s, hip hop music was largely confined within the context of the United States. However, during the 1980s, it began its spread and became a part of the music scene in dozens of countries. Greg Wilson was the first DJ to introduce electro hip hop to UK club audiences in the early 1980s, opting for the dub or instrumental versions of Nunk by Warp 9, Extra T’s "ET Boogie," Hip Hop, Be Bop (Don’t Stop) by Man Parrish, Planet Rock and Dirty Talk (Klein + M.B.O. song).
In the early part of the decade, B-boying became the first aspect of hip hop culture to reach Japan, Australia and South Africa, where the crew Black Noise established the practice before beginning to rap later in the decade. Musician and presenter Sidney became France's first black TV presenter with his show "H.I.P. H.O.P.""« on peut dire aujourd'hui que Sidney est le papa du "hip-hop" français. Concepteur de l'émission H.I.P. H.O.P. en 1984 (1ère émission rap au monde diffusée à l'époque le dimanche à 14h00 avant Starsky & Hutch), ce Dj/rappeur/breakeur extravagant fait découvrir cette nouvelle tendance américaine aux Français, à peine remis de la vague disco, et crée des vocations (Joey Starr, Passi, Stomy Bugsy...) »"H.I.P H.O.P – L'émission Mythique de Sidney</ref> which screened on TF1 during 1984, a first for the genre worldwide. Radio Nova helped launch other French stars including Dee Nasty whose 1984 album "Paname City Rappin"' along with compilations Rapattitude 1 and 2 contributed to a general awareness of Hip Hop in France.
Hip hop has always kept a very close relationship with the Latino community in New York. DJ Disco Wiz and the Rock Steady Crew were among early innovators from Puerto Rico. combining English and Spanish in the lyrics. The Mean Machine recorded their first song under the label "Disco Dreams" in 1981, while Kid Frost from Los Angeles began his career in 1982.
Cypress Hill was formed in 1988 in the suburb of South Gate outside Los Angeles when Senen Reyes (born in Havana) and his younger brother Ulpiano Sergio (Mellow Man Ace) moved from Cuba to South Gate with his family in 1971. They teamed up with DVX from Queens (New York), Lawrence Muggerud (DJ Muggs) and Louis Freese (B-Real), a Mexican/Cuban-American native of Los Angeles. After the departure of "Ace" to begin his solo career the group adopted the name of Cypress Hill named after a street running through a neighborhood nearby in South Los Angeles.
Japanese hip hop is said to have begun when Hiroshi Fujiwara returned to Japan and started playing hip hop records in the early 1980s. Japanese hip hop generally tends to be most directly influenced by old school hip hop, taking from the era's catchy beats, dance culture, and overall fun and carefree nature and incorporating it into their music. As a result, hip hop stands as one of the most commercially viable mainstream music genres in Japan, and the line between it and pop music is frequently blurred.
New school hip hop.
The new school of hip hop was the second wave of hip hop music, originating in 1983–84 with the early records of Run-D.M.C. and LL Cool J. As with the hip hop preceding it (which subsequently became known as old school hip hop), the new school came predominately from New York City. The new school was initially characterized in form by drum machine-led minimalism, with influences from rock music, a hip hop "metal music for the 80's-a hard-edge ugly/beauty trance as desperate and stimulating as New York itself." It was notable for taunts and boasts about rapping, and socio-political commentary, both delivered in an aggressive, self-assertive style. In image as in song its artists projected a tough, cool, street b-boy attitude. These elements contrasted sharply with the funk and disco influenced outfits, novelty hits, live bands, synthesizers and party rhymes of artists prevalent prior to 1984 (although this characterization does not include all, or most artists prior to 1984). New school artists made shorter songs that could more easily gain radio play, and more cohesive LPs than their old school counterparts. By 1986 their releases began to establish the hip hop album as a fixture of the mainstream. Hip hop music became commercially successful, as exemplified by the Beastie Boys' 1986 album "Licensed to Ill", which was the first rap album to hit #1 on the Billboard charts.
Golden age hip hop.
Hip hop's "golden age" (or "golden era") is a name given to a period in mainstream hip hop—usually cited as between the mid-1980s and the early 1990s—said to be characterized by its diversity, quality, innovation and influence.Cheo H. Coker, "Slick Rick: Behind Bars", "Rolling Stone", March 9, 1995. Lonnae O'Neal Parker, "U-Md. Senior Aaron McGruder's Edgy Hip-Hop Comic Gets Raves, but No Takers", "Washington Post", Aug 20 1997.</ref>Cheo H. Coker, "Slick Rick: Behind Bars", "Rolling Stone", March 9, 1995. Andrew Drever, "Jungle Brothers still untamed", "The Age" October 24, 2003.</ref> There were strong themes of Afrocentrism and political militancy, while the music was experimental and the sampling, eclectic. There was often a strong jazz influence. The artists most often associated with the phrase are Public Enemy, Boogie Down Productions, Eric B. & Rakim, De La Soul, A Tribe Called Quest, Gang Starr, Big Daddy Kane and the Jungle Brothers.Cheo H. Coker, "KRS-One: Krs-One", "Rolling Stone", November 16, 1995. Andrew Pettie, "'Where rap went wrong'", "Daily Telegraph", August 11, 2005. Mosi Reeves, "Easy-Chair Rap", "Village Voice", January 29th 2002. Greg Kot, "Hip-Hop Below the Mainstream", Los Angeles Times, September 19, 2001. Cheo Hodari Coker, "'It's a Beautiful Feeling'", "Los Angeles Times", August 11, 1996. Scott Mervis, "From Kool Herc to 50 Cent, the story of rap – so far", "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette", February 15, 2004.</ref>
The golden age is noted for its innovation – a time "when it seemed that every new single reinvented the genre" according to Rolling Stone. Referring to "hip-hop in its golden age", Spin’s editor-in-chief Sia Michel says, "there were so many important, groundbreaking albums coming out right about that time",
and MTV’s Sway Calloway adds: "The thing that made that era so great is that nothing was contrived. Everything was still being discovered and everything was still innovative and new". Writer William Jelani Cobb says "what made the era they inaugurated worthy of the term golden was the sheer number of stylistic innovations that came into existence... in these golden years, a critical mass of mic prodigies were literally creating themselves and their art form at the same time".
The specific time period that the golden age covers varies little from different sources. MSNBC states, "the “Golden Age” of hip-hop music: The ’80s".
Gangsta rap and West Coast hip hop.
Gangsta rap is a subgenre of hip hop that reflects the violent lifestyles of inner-city American black youths. "Gangsta" is a non-rhotic pronunciation of the word "gangster". The genre was pioneered in the mid-1980s by rappers such as Schoolly D and Ice-T, and was popularized in the later part of the 1980s by groups like N.W.A. Ice-T released "6 in the Mornin'", which is often regarded as the first gangsta rap song, in 1986. After the national attention that Ice-T and N.W.A created in the late 1980s and early 1990s, gangsta rap became the most commercially lucrative subgenre of hip hop.
N.W.A is the group most frequently associated with the founding of gangsta rap. Their lyrics were more violent, openly confrontational, and shocking than those of established rap acts, featuring incessant profanity and, controversially, use of the word "nigger". These lyrics were placed over rough, rock guitar-driven beats, contributing to the music's hard-edged feel. The first blockbuster gangsta rap album was N.W.A's "Straight Outta Compton", released in 1988. "Straight Outta Compton" would establish West Coast hip hop as a vital genre, and establish Los Angeles as a legitimate rival to hip hop's long-time capital, New York City. "Straight Outta Compton" sparked the first major controversy regarding hip hop lyrics when their song "Fuck tha Police" earned a letter from FBI Assistant Director, Milt Ahlerich, strongly expressing law enforcement's resentment of the song.
Controversy surrounded Ice-T's album Body Count, in particular over its song "Cop Killer". The song was intended to speak from the viewpoint of a criminal getting revenge on racist, brutal cops. Ice-T's rock song infuriated government officials, the National Rifle Association and various police advocacy groups. Consequently, Time Warner Music refused to release Ice-T's upcoming album "Home Invasion" because of the controversy surrounding "Cop Killer". Ice-T suggested that the furor over the song was an overreaction, telling journalist Chuck Philips "...they've done movies about nurse killers and teacher killers and student killers. Arnold Schwarzenegger blew away dozens of cops as the Terminator. But I don't hear anybody complaining about that." In the same interview, Ice-T suggested to Philips that the misunderstanding of "Cop Killer" and the attempts to censor it had racial overtones: "The Supreme Court says it's OK for a white man to burn a cross in public. But nobody wants a black man to write a record about a cop killer." 
The subject matter inherent in gangsta rap more generally has caused controversy. The White House administrations of both George Bush senior and Bill Clinton criticized the genre. "The reason why rap is under attack is because it exposes all the contradictions of American culture ...What started out as an underground art form has become a vehicle to expose a lot of critical issues that are not usually discussed in American politics. The problem here is that the White House and wanna-bes like Bill Clinton represent a political system that never intends to deal with inner city urban chaos," Sister Souljah told The Times.
Due to the influence of Ice T and N.W.A, gangsta rap is often viewed as an originally West Coast phenomenon, despite the contributions of East Coast acts like Boogie Down Productions in shaping the genre.
1990s.
Mainstream breakthrough.
In 1990, Public Enemy's "Fear of a Black Planet" was a significant success with music critics and consumers. It was highly contributory to hip hop's mainstream emergence in 1990, dubbed by "Billboard" editor Paul Grein as "the year that rap exploded". In a 1990 article on its commercial breakthrough, Janice C. Thompson of "Time" wrote that hip hop "has grown into the most exciting development in American pop music in more than a decade." Thompson noted the impact of Public Enemy's 1989 single "Fight the Power", rapper Tone Lōc's single Wild Thing being the best-selling single of 1989, and that at the time of her article, nearly a third of the songs on the "Billboard" Hot 100 were hip hop songs. In a similar 1990 article, Robert Hilburn of the "Los Angeles Times" put hip hop music's commercial emergence into perspective:
However, hip hop was still met with resistance from black radio, including urban contemporary, of which Russell Simmons said in 1990, "Black radio hated rap from the start and there's still a lot of resistance to it".
MC Hammer hit mainstream success with the multi platinum album "Please Hammer, Don't Hurt 'Em". The record reached #1 and the first single, "U Can't Touch This" charted on the top ten of the billboard hot 100. MC Hammer became one of the most successful rappers of the early nineties and one of the first household names in the genre. The album raised rap music to a new level of popularity. It was the first hip-hop album certified diamond by the RIAA for sales of over ten million. It remains one of the genre's all-time best-selling albums. To date, the album has sold as many as 18 million units. In 1992, Dr. Dre released "The Chronic". As well as helping to establish West Coast gangsta rap as more commercially viable than East Coast hip hop, this album founded a style called G Funk, which soon came to dominate West Coast hip hop. The style was further developed and popularized by Snoop Dogg's 1993 album "Doggystyle".
Hip hop became a best selling music genre in the mid-1990s and the top selling music genre by 1999 with 81 million CDs sold. By the late 1990s hip hop was artistically dominated by the Wu-Tang Clan. The Beastie Boys continued their success throughout the decade crossing color lines and gaining respect from many different artists.
Record labels based out of Atlanta, St. Louis, and New Orleans gained fame for their local scenes. The midwest rap scene was also notable, with the fast vocal styles from artists such as Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, Tech N9ne, and Twista. By the end of the decade, hip hop was an integral part of popular music, and many American pop songs had hip hop components.
World hip hop.
In Haiti, hip hop was developed in the early 1980s, and is mostly accredited to Master Dji and his songs "Vakans" and "Politik Pa m". What later became known as "Rap Kreyòl" grew in popularity in the late 1990s with King Posse and Original Rap Stuff. Due to cheaper recording technology and flows of equipment to Haiti, more Rap Kreyòl groups are recording songs, even after the January 12th earthquake.
In the Dominican Republic, a recording by Santi Y Sus Duendes and Lisa M became the first single of merenrap, a fusion of hip hop and merengue.
New York City experienced a heavy Jamaican hip hop influence during the 1990s. This influence was brought on by cultural shifts particularly because of the heightened immigration of Jamaicans to New York City and the American-born Jamaican youth who were coming of age during the 1990s.
In Europe, Africa, and Asia, hip hop began to move from the underground to mainstream audiences. In Europe, hip hop was the domain of both ethnic nationals and immigrants. British hip hop, for example, became a genre of its own and spawned artists such as Wiley, Dizzee Rascal, The Streets and many more. Germany produced the well-known Die Fantastischen Vier as well as several Turkish performers like the controversial Cartel, Kool Savaş, and Azad. Similarly, France has produced a number of native-born stars, such as IAM and Suprême NTM, MC Solaar, Rohff, Rim'K or Booba. In the Netherlands, important nineties rappers include The Osdorp Posse, a crew from Amsterdam, Extince, from Oosterhout, and Postmen. Italy found its own rappers, including Jovanotti and Articolo 31, grow nationally renowned, while the Polish scene began in earnest early in the decade with the rise of PM Cool Lee. In Romania, B.U.G. Mafia came out of Bucharest's Pantelimon neighborhood, and their brand of gangsta rap underlines the parallels between life in Romania's Communist-era apartment blocks and in the housing projects of America's ghettos. Israel's hip hop grew greatly in popularity at the end of the decade, with several stars both Palestinian (Tamer Nafar) and Israeli (Subliminal). In Portugal hip hop has his own kind of rapping, which is more political and underground scene, they are known for Valete, Dealema and Halloween. Russian hip hop emerged during last years of Soviet Union and cemented later, with groups like Malchishnik and Bad Balance enjoying mainstream popularity in the 1990s, while Ligalize and Kasta were popular in the 2000s. In former Yugoslavia hip hop first appeared during the 1980s mostly with Serbian hip hop with performers such as B-boy, The Master Scratch Band, Badvajzer, and others. During the late 1990s hip hop had a boom, with Rambo Amadeus and later Beogradski sindikat becoming a major performer. Bosnian and Herzegovinan hip hop is nowadays dominated by Edo Maajka. In the region hip hop is often used as a political and social message in song themes such as war, profiteering, corruption,etc... Frenkie another Bosnian rapper, who is associated and the closest worker with Edo Maajka, has collaborated beyond Bosnians boarders.
In Asia, mainstream stars rose to prominence in the Philippines, led by Francis Magalona, Rap Asia, MC Lara and Lady Diane. In Japan, where underground rappers had previously found a limited audience, and popular teen idols brought a style called J-rap to the top of the charts in the middle of the 1990s.
Latinos had played an integral role in the early development of hip hop, and the style had spread to parts of Latin America, such as Cuba, early in its history. Later in the decade, with Latin rap groups like Cypress Hill on the American charts, Mexican rap rock groups, such as Control Machete, rose to prominence in their native land. An annual Cuban hip hop concert held at Alamar in Havana helped popularize Cuban hip hop, beginning in 1995. Hip hop grew steadily more popular in Cuba, because of official governmental support for musicians.
Brazilian hip hop is heavily associated with racial and economic issues in the country, where a lot of black people live in a bad situation in the violent slums, known in Brazil as favelas. São Paulo is where hip hop began in the country, but it soon spread all over Brazil, and today, almost every big Brazilian city, such as Rio de Janeiro, Salvador, Curitiba, Porto Alegre, Belo Horizonte, Recife and Brasilia, has a hip hop scene. Some notable artists include: Racionais MC's, Thaide, and Marcelo D2.
East vs. West rivalry.
West Coast hip hop.
After N.W.A broke up, Dr. Dre (a former member) released "The Chronic" in 1992, which peaked at #1 on the R&B/hip hop chart, #3 on the pop chart and spawned a #2 pop single with "Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang." "The Chronic" took West Coast rap in a new direction, influenced strongly by P funk artists, melding smooth and easy funk beats with slowly drawled lyrics. This came to be known as G-funk and dominated mainstream hip hop for several years through a roster of artists on Death Row Records, including Tupac Shakur, whose double disc album "All Eyez on Me" was a big hit with hit songs "Ambitionz az a Ridah" and "2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted", and Snoop Dogg, whose "Doggystyle" included the songs "What's My Name?" and "Gin and Juice", both top ten hits. As the Los Angeles-based label Death Row Records built an empire around Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, and the rapper-actor Tupac Shakur. It also entered into a rivalry with New York City’s Bad Boy Records. (See the article on the East Coast-West Coast hip hop rivalry.)
Detached from this scene were other artists such as Freestyle Fellowship, The Pharcyde as well as more underground artists such as the Solesides collective (DJ Shadow and Blackalicious amongst others) Jurassic 5, Ugly Duckling, People Under The Stairs, Tha Alkaholiks, and earlier Souls of Mischief represented a return to hip hop roots of sampling and well planned rhyme schemes.
East Coast hip hop.
In the early 1990s East Coast hip hop was dominated by the Native Tongues posse which was loosely composed of De La Soul with producer Prince Paul, A Tribe Called Quest, the Jungle Brothers, as well as their loose affiliates 3rd Bass, Main Source, and the less successful Black Sheep & KMD. Although originally a "daisy age" conception stressing the positive aspects of life, darker material (such as De La Soul's thought-provoking "Millie Pulled a Pistol on Santa") soon crept in.
Artists such as Masta Ace (particularly for "SlaughtaHouse") & Brand Nubian, Public Enemy, Organized Konfusion, Ignacio Bernal, had a more overtly militant pose, both in sound and manner.
In the early-1990s, the Wu-Tang Clan revitalized the New York hip hop scene by pioneering an East coast hardcore rap equivalent to what was being produced on the West Coast. According to Allmusic, the production on two Mobb Deep albums, "The Infamous" and "Hell on Earth" (1996), are "indebted" to RZA's early production with Wu-Tang Clan.
The success of artists such as Nas and Notorious B.I.G. during 1994–95 cemented the status of the East Coast during a time of West Coast dominance.
The productions of RZA, particularly for Wu-Tang Clan, became influential with artists such as Mobb Deep due to the combination of somewhat detached instrumental loops, highly compressed and processed drums and gangsta lyrical content. Wu-Tang solo albums such as Raekwon the Chef's "Only Built 4 Cuban Linx", Ghostface Killah's Ironman, and GZA's "Liquid Swords" are now viewed as classics along with Wu-Tang "core" material. The clan's base extended into further groups called Wu-affiliates.
Producers such as DJ Premier (primarily for Gangstarr but also for other affiliated artists such as Jeru the Damaja), Pete Rock (With CL Smooth and supplying beats for many others), Buckwild, Large Professor, Diamond D and The 45 King supplying beats for numerous MCs regardless of location.
Albums such as Nas's "Illmatic", Jay-Z's "Reasonable Doubt" and O.C.'s "Word...Life" are made up of beats from this pool of producers.
The rivalry between the East Coast and the West Coast rappers eventually turned personal.
Later in the decade the business acumen of the Bad Boy Records tested itself against Jay-Z and his Roc-A-Fella Records and, on the West Coast, Death Row Records. The mid to late 1990s saw a generation of rappers such as the members of D.I.T.C. such as the late Big L and Big Pun.
On the East Coast, although the "big business" end of the market dominated matters commercially the late 1990s to early
2000s saw a number of relatively successful East Coast indie labels such as Rawkus Records (with whom Mos Def and Talib Kweli gained great success) and later Def Jux; the history of the two labels is intertwined, the latter having been started by EL-P of Company Flow in reaction to the former, and offered an outlet for more underground artists such as Mike Ladd, Aesop Rock, Mr Lif, RJD2, Cage and Cannibal Ox. Other acts such as the Hispanic Arsonists and slam poet turned MC Saul Williams met with differing degrees of success.
Diversification of styles.
In the 1990s, hip hop began to diversify with other regional styles emerging on the national scene. Southern rap became popular in the early 1990s. The first Southern rappers to gain national attention were the Geto Boys out of Houston, Texas. Southern rap's roots can be traced to the success of Geto Boy's "Grip It! On That Other Level" in 1989, the Rick Rubin produced "The Geto Boys" in 1990, and "We Can't Be Stopped" in 1991. The Houston area also produced other artists that pioneered the early southern rap sound such as UGK and the solo career of Scarface.
Atlanta hip hop artists were key in further expanding rap music and bringing southern hip hop into the mainstream. Releases such as Arrested Development's "3 Years, 5 Months & 2 Days in the Life Of..." in 1992, Goodie Mob's "Soul Food" in 1995 and OutKast's "ATLiens" in 1996 were all critically acclaimed. Later, Master P ("Ghetto D") built up a roster of artists (the No Limit posse) based out of New Orleans. Master P incorporated G funk and Miami bass influences; and distinctive regional sounds from St. Louis, Chicago, Washington D.C., Detroit and others began to gain popularity.
In the 1990s, elements of hip hop continued to be assimilated into other genres of popular music. Neo soul, for example, combined hip hop and soul music. In the 1980s and 1990s, rap rock, rapcore and rap metal, fusions of hip hop and rock, hardcore punk and heavy metal became popular among mainstream audiences. Rage Against the Machine and Limp Bizkit were among the most well-known bands in these fields.
Digable Planets' 1993 release "Reachin' (A New Refutation of Time and Space)" was an influential jazz rap record sampling the likes of Don Cherry, Sonny Rollins, Art Blakey, Herbie Mann, Herbie Hancock, Grant Green, and Rahsaan Roland Kirk. It spawned the hit single "Rebirth of Slick (Cool Like Dat)" which reached #16 on the Billboard Hot 100
Though white rappers like the Beastie Boys, House of Pain and 3rd Bass had had some popular success or critical acceptance from the hip hop community, Eminem's success, beginning in 1999 with the platinum "The Slim Shady LP", surprised many.
2000s and 2010s.
The popularity of hip hop music continued through the 2000s. Dr. Dre remained an important figure, and in the year 2000 produced, "The Marshall Mathers LP" by Eminem. Dre also produced 50 Cent's, 2003 album "Get Rich or Die Tryin"' which debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 charts.
Hip hop influences also found their way increasingly into mainstream pop during this period mainly the mid-2000s, as the Los Angeles style of the 1990s lost power. Nelly's debut LP, "Country Grammar", sold over nine million copies. In the 2000s, crunk music, a derivative of Southern hip hop, gained considerable popularity via the likes of Lil Jon and the Ying Yang Twins. Jay-Z represented the cultural triumph of hip hop. As his career progressed, he went from performing artist to label president, head of a clothing line, club owner, and market consultant—along the way breaking Elvis Presley’s record for most number one albums on the Billboard magazine charts by a solo artist.
In addition to the mainstream success, the United States also saw the success of alternative hip hop in the form of performers such as The Roots, Dilated Peoples, Gnarls Barkley and Mos Def, who achieved significant recognition. Gnarls Barkley's album "St. Elsewhere", which contained a fusion of funk, neo soul and hip hop, debuted at number 20 on the Billboard 200 charts. In addition, Aesop Rock's 2007 album "None Shall Pass" was well received, and reached #50 on the Billboard charts.
World and national music.
The continuation of hip hop can also be seen in different national contexts. In Tanzania,artists maintained popular acts of their own in the early 2000s, infusing local styles of Afrobeat and arabesque melodies, dancehall and hip-hop beats, and Swahili lyrics. Scandinavian, especially Danish and Swedish, performers became well known outside of their country, while hip hop continued its spread into new regions, including Russia, Japan, Philippines, Canada, China, Korea, India and especially Vietnam. Of particular importance is the influence on East Asian nations, where hip hop music has become fused with local popular music to form different styles such as K-pop, C-pop and J-pop.
In Germany and France, gangsta rap has become popular among youths who like the violent and aggressive lyrics. Some German rappers openly or comically flirt with Nazism, Bushido (born Anis Mohamed Youssef Ferchichi) raps "Salutiert, steht stramm, Ich bin der Leader wie A" (Salute, stand to attention, I am the leader like 'A') and Fler had a hit with the record "Neue Deutsche Welle" (New German Wave) complete with the title written in Third Reich style Gothic print and advertised with an Adolf Hitler quote. These references also spawned great controversy in Germany. Meanwhile in France, artists like Kery James' Idéal J maintained a radical, anti-authoritarian attitude and released songs like "Hardcore" which attacked the growth of the French far right.
In the Netherlands, MC Brainpower went from being an underground battle rapper to mainstream recognition in the Benelux, thus influencing numerous rap artists in the region. In Israel, rapper Subliminal reaches out to Israeli youth with political and religious-themed lyrics, usually with a Zionist message.
One of the countries outside the US where hip-hop is most popular is the United Kingdom. In the 2000s a derirative genre from Hip-Hop (as well as UK Garage and Drum and Bass) known as Grime became popular with artists such as Dizzee Rascal becoming successful. Although it is immensely popular, many British politicians criticize the music for what they see as promoting theft and murder, similar to gangsta rap in America. These criticisms have been deemed racist by the mostly Black British grime industry. Despite its controversial nature, grime has had a major effect on British fashion and pop music, with many young working class youth emulating the clothing worn by grime stars like Dizzee Rascal and Wiley. There are many subgenres of grime, including "Rhythm and Grime," a mix of R&B and grime, and grindie, a mix of indie rock and grime popularized by indie rock band Hadouken!
Hip hop has globalized into many cultures worldwide, as evident through the emergence of numerous regional scenes. It has emerged globally as a movement based upon the main tennets of hip hop culture. The music and the art continue to embrace, even celebrate, its transnational dimensions while staying true to the local cultures to which it is rooted. Hip-hop's inspiration differs depending on each culture. Still, the one thing virtually all hip hop artists worldwide have in common is that they acknowledge their debt to those African American people in New York who launched the global movement. While hip-hop is sometimes taken for granted by Americans, it is not so elsewhere, especially in the developing world, where it has come to represent the empowerment of the disenfranchised and a slice of the American dream. American hip-hop music has reached the cultural corridors of the globe and has been absorbed and reinvented around the world.
Crunk and snap music.
Crunk originated in Tennessee in the 1990s. The style was pioneered and commercialized by artists from Memphis, Tennessee and Atlanta, Georgia.
Looped, stripped-down drum machine rhythms are usually used. The Roland TR-808 and 909 are among the most popular. The drum machines are usually accompanied by simple, repeated synthesizer melodies and heavy bass stabs. The tempo of the music is somewhat slower than hip-hop, around the speed of reggaeton.
The focal point of crunk is more often the beats and music than the lyrics therein. Crunk rappers, however, often shout and scream their lyrics, creating an aggressive, almost heavy, style of hip-hop. While other subgenres of hip-hop address sociopolitical or personal concerns, crunk is almost exclusively party music, favoring call and response hip-hop slogans in lieu of more substantive approaches.
Snap music is a subgenre of crunk that emerged from Atlanta, Georgia, in the late 1990s. The genre soon gained mainstream popularity and in mid-2005 artists from other southern states such as Tennessee began to emerge with this style. Tracks commonly consist of an 808 bassdrum, hi-hat, bass, snapping, a main groove and a vocal track. Hit snap songs include "Lean wit It, Rock wit It" by "Dem Franchize Boyz", "Laffy Taffy" by D4L, "It's Goin' Down" by Yung Joc and "Crank That (Soulja Boy)" by Soulja Boy Tell 'Em.
Glitch hop and wonky music.
Glitch hop and Wonky music evolved following the rise of trip hop, dubstep and IDM. Both styles of music frequently reflect the experimental nature of IDM and the heavy bass featured in dubstep songs. While trip hop was described as being a distinct British upper-middle class take on hip-hop, glitch-hop and wonky music have featured much more stylistic diversity. Both genres are melting pots of influence, echoes of 1980s pop music, Indian ragas, eclectic jazz and West Coast rap can be heard in glitch hop productions. Los Angeles, London, Glasgow and a number of other cities have become hot spots for these scenes, and underground scenes have developed across the world in smaller communities. Both genres often pay homage to older and more well established electronic music artists such as Radiohead, Aphex Twin and Boards of Canada as well as independent hip hop producers like J Dilla and Madlib.
Glitch hop is a fusion genre of hip hop and glitch music that originated in the early to mid-2000s in the United States and Europe. Musically, it is based on irregular, chaotic breakbeats, glitchy basslines and other typical sound effects used in glitch music, like skips. Glitch hop artists include Prefuse 73, Dabrye and Flying Lotus.
Wonky is a subgenre of hip hop that originated around 2008, but most notably in the United States and United Kingdom, and among international artists of the Hyperdub music label, under the influence of glitch hop and dubstep. Wonky music is of the same glitchy type as glitch hop, but it was specifically noted for its melodies, rich with "mid-range unstable synths". Scotland has become one of the most prominent places, where wonky music was shaped by artists like Hudson Mohawke and Rustie.
Glitch hop and wonky are popular among a limited amount of people interested in alternative hip hop and electronic music (especially dubstep); neither glitch hop nor wonky have met any mainstream popularity, however, artists like Flying Lotus, The Glitch Mob and Hudson Mohawke have seen success in other avenues. Flying Lotus's music has earned multiple positive reviews on the independent music review site Pitchfork.com as well as a prominent (yet uncredited) spot during Adult Swim commercial breaks. Hudson Mohawke is one of few glitch hop artists to play at major music festivals such as Sasquatch! Music Festival.
Decline in sales.
Starting in 2005, sales of hip hop music in the United States began to severely wane, leading "Time" magazine to question if mainstream hip-hop was "dying." Billboard Magazine found that, since 2000, rap sales dropped 44%, and declined to 10% of all music sales, which, while still a commanding figure when compared to other genres, is a significant drop from the 13% of all music sales where rap music regularly placed. According to Courtland Milloy of "The Washington Post", for the first time on five years, no rap albums were among the top 10 sellers in 2006. NPR culture critic Elizabeth Blair noted that, "some industry experts say young people are fed up with the violence, degrading imagery and lyrics." However, the 2005 report "Generation M: Media in the Lives of 8–18 Year-Olds" found that hip hop music is by far the most popular music genre for children and teenagers, with 65 percent of 8- to-18-year-olds listening to it on a daily basis.
Others say the music is just as popular as it ever was, but that fans have found other means to consume the music." It can also be argued that many young people now download music illegally, especially through P2P networks, instead of purchasing albums and singles from legitimate stores. For example, Flo Rida is known for his low album sales regardless of his singles being mainstream and having digital success. His second album "R.O.O.T.S." sold only 200,000+ total units in the U.S., which could not line up to the sales of the album's lead single "Right Round". This also happened to him in 2008. Some put the blame on the lack of lyrical content that hip hop once had, another example is Soulja Boy Tell 'Em's 2007 debut album "souljaboytellem.com" was met with negative reviews. Lack of sampling, a key element of hip hop, has also been noted for the decrease in quality of modern albums. For example, there are only four samples used in 2008's "Paper Trail" by T.I., while there are 35 samples in 1998's "Moment of Truth" by Gang Starr. The decrease in sampling is in part due to it being too expensive for producers. In Byron Hurt's documentary "Hip Hop: Beyond Beats and Rhymes", he claims that hip hop had changed from "clever rhymes and dance beats" to "advocating personal, social and criminal corruption." Despite the fall in record sales throughout the music industry, hip-hop has remained a popular genre, with hip-hop artists still regularly topping the Billboard 200 Charts. In the first half of 2009 alone artists such as Eminem, Rick Ross, The Black Eyed Peas, and Fabolous all had albums that reached the #1 position on the Billboard 200 charts. Eminem's album "Relapse" was one of the fastest selling albums of 2009.
Innovation and revitalization.
It was during the mid-2000s that alternative hip hop finally secured a place within the mainstream, due in part to the crossover success of artists such as OutKast, Kanye West, and Gnarls Barkley. Not only did OutKast's "Speakerboxxx/The Love Below" receive high acclaim from music critics, manage to appeal to listeners of all ages, and span numerous musical genres – including rap, rock, R&B, punk, jazz, indie, country, pop, electronica and gospel – but it also spawned two number-one hit singles and has been certified diamond by selling 11 times platinum by the RIAA for shipping more than 11 million units, becoming one of the best selling hip-hop albums of all time as well as winning a Grammy Award for Album of the Year at the 46th Annual Grammy Awards being only the second rap album to do so. Industry observers view the sales race between Kanye West's "Graduation" and 50 Cent's "Curtis" as a turning point for hip hop. West emerged the victor, selling nearly a million copies in the first week alone, proving that innovative rap music could be just as commercially viable as gangsta rap, if not more so. Although he designed it as a melancholic pop rather than rap, Kanye's following "808s & Heartbreak" would have a significant effect on hip hop music. While his decision to sing about love, loneliness, and heartache for the entirety of the album was at first heavily criticized by music audiences and the album predicted to be a flop, its subsequent critical acclaim and commercial success encouraged other mainstream rappers to take greater creative risks with their music. During the release of "The Blueprint 3", New York rap mogul Jay-Z revealed that next studio album would be an experimental effort, stating, "... it's not gonna be a #1 album. That's where I'm at right now. I wanna make the most experimental album I ever made." Jay-Z elaborated that like Kanye, he was unsatisfied with contemporary hip hop, was being inspired by indie-rockers like Grizzly Bear and asserted his belief that the indie rock movement would play an important role in the continued evolution of hip-hop.
The alternative hip hop movement is not limited only to the United States, as rappers such as Somali-Canadian poet K'naan, Japanese rapper Shing02, and Sri Lankan British artist M.I.A. have achieved considerable worldwide recognition. In 2009, TIME magazine placed M.I.A in the Time 100 list of "World's Most Influential people" for having "global influence across many genres." Global themed movements have also sprung out of the international hip-hop scene with microgenres like "Islamic Eco-Rap" addressing issues of worldwide importance through traditionally disenfranchised voices. Today, due in part to the increasing use of music distribution through the internet, many alternative rap artists find acceptance by far-reaching audiences. Several artists such as Kid Cudi and Drake have managed to attain chart-topping hit songs, "Day 'n' Night" and "Best I Ever Had" respectively, by releasing their music on free online mixtapes without the help of a major record label. New artists such as Wale, J. Cole, Lupe Fiasco, The Cool Kids, Jay Electronica, and B.o.B, some of whom mention being directly influenced by their nineties alt-rap predecessors, in addition to the southern rap sound, while their music has been noted by critics as expressing eclectic sounds, life experiences, and emotions rarely seen in mainstream hip hop.

</doc>
<doc id="18945851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945851" title="Lough Gill Quartet">
Lough Gill Quartet

The Lough Gill Quartet was an Irish Traditional Music Quartet formed in Dublin, Ireland in the 1930s. The quartet was named after the famous Sligo lake and as a tribute to Michael Coleman who came from Sligo.
The band featured Sonny Brogan and Bill Harte on accordion, Sarah Hobbs on fiddle and James Cawley on flute.
Discography.
The Lough Gill Quartet recorded four 78rpm records for HMV in or around 1941. 
HMV IM946
HMV IM947
( ) Hornpipes: The Flowers of May, The Silver Spire
( ) Hawthorn Bush, Castle Kelly
HMV IM948
HMV IM949
Notes.
"The Ballinure Rake" was later known as "Sonny Brogan's Favourite".
"The Flowers of May" and "The Silver Spire" from IM947 were re-released in 1986 on the RTÉ/EMI LP "The Irish Phonograph Vol I" (GAE1003).
"The Mill Pond" and "The Mist on the Meadow" from IM949 were re-released on the CD "Irish Dance Music" (Topic TSCD602)
Reviews.
The sleeve notes of the CD "Irish Dance Music" say that this music is described "as representative of the quality music played by a hard core of active traditional musicians in Dublin at the time. Bill Harte and Sonny are reputed to have been among the pioneers who saw the potential for Irish music making in the button accordion pitched B/C and subsequently devised and disseminated the fingering method".

</doc>
<doc id="18945887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945887" title="Marcus Mettius Epaphroditus">
Marcus Mettius Epaphroditus

Marcus Mettius Epaphroditus of Chaeroneia was an Ancient Greek grammarian of the 1st century.
Epaphroditus was a disciple of Archias of Alexandria, and became the slave and afterwards the freedman of Modestus, the prefect of Egypt, whose son Pitelinus had been educated by Epaphroditus. After having obtained his liberty, he went to Rome, where he resided in the reign of Nero and down to the time of Nerva, and enjoyed a very high reputation for his learning. He was extremely fond of books, and is said to have collected a library of 30,000 valuable books. He died of dropsy at the age of seventy-five. 
The Suda, from whom this account is derived, does not specify any work of our grammarian, but concludes by merely saying that he left behind him many good works. We know, however, from other sources, the titles of some grammatical works and commentaries: for example, on Homer's Iliad and Odyssey, an "exêgêsis eis omêron kai pindaron", a commentary on Hesiod's "Shield of Heracles," and on the Aitia of Callimachus, which is frequently referred to by Stephanus of Byzantium and the Scholiast on Aeschylus. He is also mentioned several times in the Venetian Scholia on the Iliad.

</doc>
<doc id="18945891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945891" title="Alberts Tarulis">
Alberts Tarulis

Alberts Tarulis (1906 - 24 September 1927) was a Latvian football midfielder who had very promising prospects with the Latvia national football team but committed suicide aged just 21.
Biography.
Tarulis became a regular player with Amatieris - the oldest Latvian football club (all older football clubs in Latvia were mostly either German of British) in 1925 as the club finished fourth in the Riga football league. By that time Amatieris wasn't an especially strong sports club as most of better Riga footballers were playing with RFK or JKS Riga and Amatieris had only two stars left - Augusts Skiltriters and Pēteris Lauks. Despite his young age Tarulis soon became the leader of the club which finished third in the Riga league in 1926.
For the first time Tarulis was called up to the national football team before the 20 July 1926 international friendly against Sweden. He participated in a training match against LNJS Riga and scored one goal in it. However Tarulis wasn't selected to play against Sweden and had to await his international début for one more year.
In 1927 Tarulis participated in a friendly match where a combined Amatieris, LSB Riga and RFK squad played against the Czech club SK Židenice.
Tarulis played his first and only official international match for Latvia on 11 September 1927 as it lost 1-3 in a friendly against Finland in Helsinki.
Just three weeks later after a fight with his mother committed suicide by hanging himself.

</doc>
<doc id="18945930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945930" title="Gornje Vreme">
Gornje Vreme

Gornje Vreme () is a village on the banks of the Reka River in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
It is the birthplace of the writer Bogomir Magajna.

</doc>
<doc id="18945971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18945971" title="Max Damage">
Max Damage

Slade Mercer (born in New Plymouth, New Zealand) is a professional wrestler, otherwise known as Max Damage or Max "The Axe" Damage. He currently wrestled for the Brisbane based promotions PWA Queensland. He is an Ex-New Zealand Heavyweight Champion and Ex-New Zealand Tag Team Champion.
Career.
New Zealand Wide Pro Wrestling.
Damage initially trained under Jonnie Juice before joining New Zealand Wide Pro Wrestling where he was further trained by Martin Stirling, Inferno, Island Boy Si and a myriad of other senior wrestlers with the group. He made his official debut as Max Damage on 25 March 2005 at NZWPW's Powerplay II. He lost to Island Boy Si in the semi-finals of the New Zealand Heavyweight Championship tournament, where IBS was later crowned the inaugural champion.
At the start of his tenure in NZWPW, Damage joined the heel stable, The 'Naki Phullas, wrestling alongside "The Deal" Dal Knox, "Silencer" Jean Miracle, and Gold. By the time he had joined, Dal Knox had already left to wrestle for IPW, and Gold had been ejected from the company, making it a two man team consisting of himself and "Silencer" Jean Miracle. 
During the year after a three-match series versus Inferno, Max turned face by making a stand against Def Sentence (Punisher, Jonnie Juice, X-Rated and The Ram) and then paired with Inferno, forming a team unformally named "The Weapons of Max Destruction".
At NZWPW's first Wellington High School event, versus X-Rated and The Ram, Inferno and Max were crowned NZWPW Tag Team Champions - however this reign is very controversial, as there were no belts at the time, they were "paper champions". As such, New Zealand wrestling historians argue as to whether they were the first tag team champions (NZWPW now having actual tag belts and have had three teams held them as of writing) or whether their reign is non-existent.
Max inexpicably turned heel at the request of NZWPW owner Martin Stirling, with no explanation provided to fans, and began to tag with "Silencer" Jon Miracle forming the T-Phullas, a different take on the original name of the previous Taranaki-based stable - due in part to Stirling's dislike of the term "Naki" as he felt it was a bastardisation of a maori placename. In his final big show match, he and Miracle beat "The Dream Team" of N.O.S and H-Flame in the main event of Powerplay 3, NZWPW's annual equivalent to WrestleMania.
Max wrestled one more match at a "Bringing Down The House" event versus Chrome before May 2006 when Damage, along with other NZWPW wrestlers, joined Kiwi Pro Wrestling.
Kiwi Pro Wrestling.
On 23 June 2006, Damage made his debut for Kiwi Pro Wrestling during their first-ever show Storm Warning. Similar to Damage's debut in NZWPW, he was part of an eight man elimination tournament to crown the first challenger to the KPW NZ Heavyweight Championship. He lost in the first round to H-Flame due to interference by Jeremiah. He became #1 contender for the KPW NZ Championship after beating H-Flame on Off The Ropes (KPW's Nation-wide TV Show). On the series finale (Episode 13 being a highlight episode) Max Damage wrestled the Championship from Inferno to become the 3rd ever KPW NZ Heavyweight Champion.
Australia/PWA Queensland.
Slade has had three tours to Australia - twice he wrestled in Hobart, Tasmania under the WCW/NAW promotion. His first wrestling match in Australia was teaming with H-Flame to be defeated by The Chapel Street Crew, and on his second tour defeating Iron Horse Morrison in singles competition by submission. His third tour was a to Brisbane for PWA Queensland, where he defeated Kyote in a singles match in August 2009.
While still named Max Damage, he wrestled PWAQ's first outing at the Brisbane Ekka in August 2010, having matches with Seoul, Johnny Lukas, Esteban Molina, Johnny Gunn, Big John Marshall, Kyote, and AJ Istria to name a few. In September, he moved to Australia to live. His first show was for the now defunct Smash X Wrestling promotion based in Sydney, wrestling in a tournament to crown the first Smash X Champion. He defeated Carlo Cannon in the first round, but was beaten in the second round by Esteban Molina, who went on to defeat Krackerjack in the finals to become inaugural champion.
He wrestled PWAQ's October Double Shot Weekend, using the name Max Damage one last time while tagging with Roger Ventura, getting a shot at the PWAQ Tag Team Champions The Haze Brothers - Josh and Joe Haze. After they were defeated, Max powerbombed Ventura and walked off. Later that night, a hooded attacker attacked PWAQ International Champion Seoul after he defended his belt against Johnny Gunn. This turned out to be Max, now calling himself Slade Mercer (as he had done in Smash X) and aligning himself with the Nightmare Assassin Squad (N.A.S) consisting of Johnny Gunn, Donnie St Michaels and Ronnie St Michaels.
On the second night, Slade, Donnie and Ronnie won a one-sided Handicap match against "The Graduates", Sammy Lee Shayder and Louie Hardwood. Later in the evening, after the main event Slade came out and attacked Esteban Molina with Johnny Gunn, before being chased out and challenged to a match against the man he had been hired to take out, Seoul, for the PWAQ International Title. This match took place on 11 December 2010, where Seoul was victorious. Mercer also teamed with Jade Diamond to win his only Australian Championship in PWAQ.
Los Angeles and WWE tryouts.
On 3 June 2008 KPW's CEO Rip Morgan announced that Max Damage, along with eight other wrestlers on the Kiwi Pro Wrestling roster would be part of a tryout with World Wrestling Entertainment before their "SmackDown" / "ECW" live tour on 11 June 2008.
In March 2010, Max travelled to Los Angeles for a few weeks. While there, he trained with Jesse Hernandez at the School of Hard Knocks, and wrestled for the Empire Wrestling Federation, first in a winning effort against El Gran Maravilla, and secondly in a losing effort to "Top Shelf" Jeremy Jaeger. During his time in California, he also had tryouts with the WWE at the Raw and Smackdown tapings in San Diego and again in Los Angeles respectively.
On August 1, 2011, Max received another WWE tryout prior to a Raw House show in Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18946014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946014" title="The Kids from &quot;Fame&quot;">
The Kids from &quot;Fame&quot;

The Kids from "Fame" was the group name of several cast members from the US TV series "Fame" who had a number of hit singles and albums at the height of the show's success in the UK. This success culminated in tours of the UK where they performed live in concert. A live album was subsequently released.
Background.
The group came to prominence in the summer of 1982 when the series first aired in the UK and a single "Hi Fidelity" reached No.5. Along with this an album was released: "The Kids from "Fame"", which reached No.1 for 12 weeks. A series of singles and albums followed over the next 12 months with songs taken from the show's first three seasons. By the summer of 1983, interest in the show was beginning to wane and the releases abruptly stopped, although the TV series carried on for a number of years.
The main vocalists of the group were Debbie Allen, Valerie Landsburg, Erica Gimpel, Carlo Imperato, Gene Anthony Ray, Lee Curreri, Lori Singer and P.R. Paul.
In 2008, television presenter Justin Lee Collins travelled to America to unite various members of the group in a show titled "Bring Back...Fame". They spoke of their success as a group in the UK and their live shows, and revealed that Erica Gimpel quit the group during the tour due to the pressures. Lansburg also talked about her surprise at the success of "Hi Fidelity". Curreri spoke about the music, saying that he was the only member to contribute to the writing of the songs and the only member to play an instrument on the recordings (synthesizer). However, Lori Singer also played the cello on some of the recordings. The show was transmitted on 27 December 2008.
Discography.
Singles.
1Lead vocals by Valerie Landsburg. 2Lead vocals by Gene Anthony Ray. 3Lead vocals by Carlo Imperato. 4Lead vocals by Debbie Allen.
5Lead vocals by Carlo Imperato and Erica Gimpel
Albums.
The albums "Again" and "Sing for You" were not released in the U.S.
The artist name for the album "Rock 'N Roll World" is given as Fame, rather than The Kids From "Fame" as was used on the earlier releases.
No separate artist name is given on the album "Best of Fame".
CD re-releases: "The Kids from "Fame"" (RCA ND90427, UK/Europe only) and "Best of Fame" (RCA PD84961, UK/Europe only).

</doc>
<doc id="18946051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946051" title="Adobe Pixel Bender">
Adobe Pixel Bender

Adobe Pixel Bender, previously codenamed Hydra, is a programming language created by Adobe Systems for the description of image processing algorithms. The syntax is based on GLSL, and a Pixel Bender program is analogous to an OpenGL fragment shader, and is intended to be a loosely typed version of C++.
Adobe Systems' Adobe Pixel Bender Toolkit is the IDE for scripting with Pixel Bender. Pixel Bender programs are intended to be used in a number of Adobe products, and was supported by After Effects (through CS5) and Flash Player. The Pixel Bender Toolkit was bundled with Adobe's Creative Suite, and allowed programs to be created and tested. It is available as a free standalone from Adobe's website.
In addition to its primary purpose of image processing, Pixel Bender can also be used for general mathematical operations which would benefit from the hardware acceleration that it provides. An example of this is audio processing.

</doc>
<doc id="18946099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946099" title="Government College of Commerce &amp; Economics">
Government College of Commerce &amp; Economics

Government College of Commerce & Economics is one of the premier institutions of commerce education in the city of Karachi. It is located on Dr. Ziauddin Ahmed Road, opposite Bagh-e-Jinnah (Polo Ground) and Pearl Continental Hotel, Karachi.
The college was established on 22 June 1945 under the name of Besantsing Ajumal Advani college of Commerce and Economics, and was inaugurated by Mr. Rao Bahadur Seth Shivrattan G. Mohatta. The college was taken under the supervision of the Government of Sindh in 1948 after the establishment of Pakistan. The current building of the college was constructed in 1967. It was a co-educational institution till 1993 but then separated into two sections for girls and boys. 
Government College of Commerce & Economics has a reputation of securing top positions in each academic year.
References.
Updated links to the above:

</doc>
<doc id="18946139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946139" title="Vremski Britof">
Vremski Britof

Vremski Britof (; ) is a village on an elevation above the banks of the Reka River in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
The Vreme parish church, built south of the settlement, is dedicated to the Assumption of Mary and belongs to the Koper Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="18946203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946203" title="Annacotty railway station">
Annacotty railway station

Annacotty railway station served the village of Annacotty in County Limerick, Ireland.
The station opened on 23 August 1853 and closed on 9 September 1963.
History.
Opened as Grange station by the Waterford and Limerick Railway, by the beginning of the 20th century the station was run by the Great Southern and Western Railway. It was absorbed into the Great Southern Railways in 1925. 
The station was then nationalised, passing on to the Coras Iompair Éireann as a result of the Transport Act 1944 which took effect from 1 January 1945. 
It was closed in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="18946214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946214" title="Barrington, New South Wales">
Barrington, New South Wales

Barrington is a small village on the Barrington River, north-west of Gloucester, New South Wales, Australia on Thunderbolts Way.

</doc>
<doc id="18946235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946235" title="Luckow">
Luckow

Luckow may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18946256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946256" title="Julien Fivaz">
Julien Fivaz

Julien Fivaz (born 9 January 1979) is a Swiss long jumper. His personal best jump is 8.27 metres, achieved in August 2003 in Ebensee.
He competed at the 2003 World Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18946276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946276" title="Legendary material in Christian hagiography">
Legendary material in Christian hagiography

While from its early days Christian hagiography recognized some distinction between the mythical and the historical in the lives of saints and martyrs, the more precise conception of legendary material in hagiography belongs to the religious practice of the Middle Ages.
From the early modern period standards of historiography began to be applied to the corpus of writings. It became apparent that Christian legends repeat the conceptions found in pre-Christian religious tales.
Terminology.
The "legenda" (literally, that which is for reading) included facts which were historically genuine, as well as narrative which Christians now class as unhistorical legend. The term is a creation of the Middle Ages, and has its source in the reading of the prayers used in religious services. Since the days of the martyrs, the Catholic Church recalled to mind her famous dead in the prayers of the Mass and in the Office, by commemorating the names noted in the martyrologies and making mention of incidents in their lives and martyrdom. When the "lectio" became a matter of precept, the reading matter in the office for the day became in a precise sense "legenda" (that which must be read).
After the 13th century, the word legenda was regarded as the equivalent of "vita" ("Life") and "passio" (suffering), and, in the 15th century, the "liber lectionarius" is comprised under what is known as "legend". Thus, historically considered, legend is the received story of the saints.
Early modern Protestant reception.
The stories of the saints were supplemented and embellished according to popular theological conceptions and inclinations, and the legend became to a large extent fiction. The Protestant Reformation received the legend in this form. On account of the importance which the saints possessed even among Protestants, the legends have remained in use. The edition of the "Vitæ Patrum", which Georg Major published at Wittenberg in 1544 by Martin Luther's orders, closely follows Athanasius, Rufinus, and Jerome, rejecting merely some obvious fantasies and aberrations, such as, for example, were to be seen in the "Vita s. Barbaræ", the "Golden Legend" of the 13th century, or in the "Vita s. Simeonis Stylitæ" of Pseudo-Antonius.
But the legends of the saints shortly disappeared from Protestantism. It is only in the 19th century, that they again find entrance into official Protestantism in connexion with the Oxford Movement in the Church of England, and the attempts of Ferdinand Piper (d. 1899 at Berlin) to revive the popular calendars.
Catholic continuities.
In the usage of the Catholic Church, the legend plays the same part to-day as in the Middle Ages, but it was felt that not all the legends we possess were of equal value, and especially that the editions of the lives of the saints were entirely unsatisfactory. It was the Jesuit Heribert Rosweyde of Utrecht who, at the beginning of the 17th century, undertook to remedy matters by referring to the most ancient texts, and by pointing out how the tales developed.
Rosweyde wished merely to correct the old collections; his idea was to treat the martyrologies, beginning with the most ancient, from the philological standpoint. But his scheme was taken up by other Jesuits, and after his death (1629) was carried out on a large scale. This was with an eye also to sectarian opponents, and in defense of the continuity of Catholic teaching and Catholic life. The Acta Sanctorum of the Bollandists became foundational for investigation in hagiography and legend.
Contemporary attitudes.
The Roman Breviary officially designates the lesson for the day as lectio, and the Catholic Church now may recognize the legend rather as a popular story or a fictitious religious tale. Hagiography is to-day the province of the historian, who must test the value of the sources of the reports.
The belief in miracles, considered as such, does not affect the historian, who has only to gather the original authorities together and to say: This is what happened, so far as historical science can determine. If this presentation of the facts be correct, then no objection can be raised against the results.
Content and sources.
Then arises as the next task, to indicate;
Manifold as the varieties of legends can seem to be, there are fundamentally not so very many different notions utilized. The legend considers the saint as a kind of lord of the elements, who commands the water, rain, fire, mountain, and rock; he changes, enlarges, or diminishes objects; flies through the air; delivers from dungeon and gallows; takes part in battles, and even in martyrdom is invulnerable; animals, the wildest and the most timid, serve him (e.g. the stories of the bear as a beast of burden; the ring in the fish; the frogs becoming silent, etc.); his birth is glorified by a miracle; a voice, or letters, from Heaven proclaim his identity; bells ring of themselves; the heavenly ones enter into personal intercourse with him (betrothal of Mary); he speaks with the dead and beholds heaven, hell, and purgatory; forces the Devil to release people from compacts; he is victorious over dragons; etc. Of all this the authentic Christian narratives know nothing.
But whence then does this world of fantastic concepts arise? All these stories are anticipated by the Greek chroniclers, writers of myths, collectors of strange tales, neo-Platonists, and neo-Pythagoreans. Examples are in the Hellados periegesis of Pausanias, or the codices collected by Photius in his "Bibliotheca".
Great importance was attached to the reports of miracles in antiquity. The legend makes its appearance wherever people endeavoured to form theological concepts, and in its main features it is everywhere the same. Like the myth (the explanatory fable of nature) and the doctrinal fable, it has its independent religious and hortatory importance. The legend claims to show the auxiliary power of the supernatural, and thus indicate to the people a "saviour" in every need. The worshipper of divinity, the hero-worshipper, is assured of the supernatural protection to which he has established a claim.
Hellenism had already recognized this characteristic of the religious fable. Popular illusions found their way from Hellenism to Christianity, whose struggles in the first three centuries certainly produced an abundance of heroes. The genuine Acts of the martyrs (cf., for example, R. Knopf, "Ausgewählte Märtyreracten", Tübingen, 1901; older less scholarly edition in Ruinart, "Acta Martyrum sincera", Paris, 1689, no longer sufficient for scientific research) have in them no popular miracles.
In numerous cases in which Christian saints became the successors of local deities, and Christian worship supplanted the ancient local worship. This explains the great number of similarities between gods and saints. But how was the transference of legends to Christianity consummated? The fact that the Talmud also uses the same ideas, with variations, proves that the guiding thoughts of men during the period of the first spread of Christianity ran in general on parallel lines. For example Augustine of Hippo (De cura pro mortuis gerenda, xii) and also Gregory the Great (Dialogues, IV, xxxvi) relate of a man, who died by an error of the angel of death and was again restored to life, the same story which is already given by Lucian in his "Philopseudes".
Another example is characteristic tale of the impostor, who concealed the money he owed in a hollow stick, gave this stick to the creditor to hold, and then swore that he had given back the money; this tale is found in Conon the Grammarian (at Rome in Cæsar's time), in the Haggadah of the Talmud (Nedarim, 25a), and in the Christian legends of the 13th century in Vincent of Beauvais. The leading ideas of the legends were presumably transferred individually, and appeared later in literary form in the most varied combinations. Not till the 6th century may the literary type of martyr be considered as perfected, and we are subsequently able to verify the literary associations of ideas.
The pre-Christian religious narrative had already worked up old motifs into romances. There arose in Gnostic circles after the 2nd century the apocryphal accounts of the lives of the Apostles, indicating dogmatic prepossessions. The Christian Church combatted these stories, but the opposition of centuries—the Decree of Gelasius in 496 is well-known—was unable to prevent the narratives from becoming unhistorical as to facts.
Early medieval embellishment.
Gregory of Tours (d. 594) was acquainted with the apocryphal lives of the Apostles. At the beginning of the 7th century we already find related in Gaul (in the "Passio Tergeminorum" of Warnahar of Langres), as an incident in the local history of Langres, a story of martyrdom originating in Cappadocia.
The 7th century sees the literary form of legend domiciled in the West. Bede's "Martyrology" and Aldhelm of Malmesbury (d. 709) indicate a wide knowledge of this foreign literature.The legends of the "saviour" make their appearance in the Merovingian 7th century up to the middle of the 8th;.
High Middle Ages.
During the millenarian 10th century, the era of the Cluniacs and mysticism make the biographies of the saints subjective. The 12th century brings with the new religious orders the contemplative legends of Mary. The thirteenth sees the development of the cities and the citizens, hand in hand with which goes the popularization of the legend by means of collections compiled for the purposes of sermons, vit sanctorum, exempla, or merely to give entertainment (Vincent of Beauvais, Cæsarius of Heisterbach, James of Vitry, Thomas of Chantimpré, "Legenda Aurea"); in this century also arise the legends of Mary and, in connexion with the new feast of Corpus Christi (1264), a strong interest in tales of miracles relating to the Host.
There are only variations of the old concepts of transformation and apparitions, as in the innumerable stories which now circulated of visible incarnation of the Divine Child or of the Crucified One, or of the monstrance being suspended in the air. But the continuity of the concepts is quite evident in the case of the legend of Mary. If Mary considers herself as betrothed to the priest who serves her, the meaning of this is not far to seek; but nevertheless Callimachus (3rd century BC) had also treated this idea in a legend of Artemis, and Antoninus Liberalis and the Talmud have variations of it. And if, in this legend of Mary, the Blessed Virgin put a ring on the hand of her betrothed under quite characteristic circumstances, that is nothing else than the Roman local legend of the betrothal of Venus, as it has been preserved by William of Malmesbury and the "Deutsche Kaiserchronik" of the 12th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18946305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946305" title="Capacitive sensing">
Capacitive sensing

In electrical engineering, capacitive sensing is a technology, based on capacitive coupling, that takes human body capacitance as input. Capacitive sensors detect anything that is conductive or has a dielectric different from that of air.
Many types of sensors use capacitive sensing, including sensors to detect and measure proximity, position or displacement, humidity, fluid level, and acceleration. Human interface devices based on capacitive sensing, such as trackpads, can replace the computer mouse. Digital audio players, mobile phones, and tablet computers use capacitive sensing touchscreens as input devices. Capacitive sensors can also replace mechanical buttons. There is also a musical instrument, the theremin, that uses capacitive sensing to allow a human player to control volume and pitch without physically touching the instrument.
Design.
Capacitive sensors are constructed from many different media, such as copper, Indium tin oxide (ITO) and printed ink. Copper capacitive sensors can be implemented on standard FR4 PCBs as well as on flexible material. ITO allows the capacitive sensor to be up to 90% transparent (for one layer solutions, such as touch phone screens). Size and spacing of the capacitive sensor are both very important to the sensor's performance. In addition to the size of the sensor, and its spacing relative to the ground plane, the type of ground plane used is very important. Since the parasitic capacitance of the sensor is related to the electric field's (e-field) path to ground, it is important to choose a ground plane that limits the concentration of e-field lines with no conductive object present.
Designing a capacitance sensing system requires first picking the type of sensing material (FR4, Flex, ITO, etc.). One also needs to understand the environment the device will operate in, such as the full operating temperature range, what radio frequencies are present and how the user will interact with the interface.
There are two types of capacitive sensing system: mutual capacitance, where the object (finger, conductive stylus) alters the mutual coupling between row and column electrodes, which are scanned sequentially; and self- or absolute capacitance where the object (such as a finger) loads the sensor or increases the parasitic capacitance to ground. In both cases, the difference of a preceding absolute position from the present absolute position yields the relative motion of the object or finger during that time. The technologies are elaborated in the following section.
Surface capacitance.
In this basic technology, only one side of the insulator is coated with conductive material. A small voltage is applied to this layer, resulting in a uniform electrostatic field. When a conductor, such as a human finger, touches the uncoated surface, a capacitor is dynamically formed. Because of the sheet resistance of the surface, each corner is measured to have a different effective capacitance. The sensor's controller can determine the location of the touch indirectly from the change in the capacitance as measured from the four corners of the panel: the larger the change in capacitance, the closer the touch is to that corner. With no moving parts, it is moderately durable, but has low resolution, is prone to false signals from parasitic capacitive coupling, and needs calibration during manufacture. Therefore, it is most often used in simple applications such as industrial controls and interactive kiosks.
Projected capacitance.
Projected capacitive touch (PCT) technology is a capacitive technology which allows more accurate and flexible operation, by etching the conductive layer. An X-Y grid is formed either by etching one layer to form a grid pattern of electrodes, or by etching two separate, perpendicular layers of conductive material with parallel lines or tracks to form the grid; comparable to the pixel grid found in many liquid crystal displays (LCD).
The greater resolution of PCT allows operation with no direct contact, such that the conducting layers can be coated with further protective insulating layers, and operate even under screen protectors, or behind weather and vandal-proof glass. Because the top layer of a PCT is glass, PCT is a more robust solution versus resistive touch technology. Depending on the implementation, an active or passive stylus can be used instead of or in addition to a finger. This is common with point of sale devices that require signature capture. Gloved fingers may or may not be sensed, depending on the implementation and gain settings. Conductive smudges and similar interference on the panel surface can interfere with the performance. Such conductive smudges come mostly from sticky or sweaty finger tips, especially in high humidity environments. Collected dust, which adheres to the screen because of moisture from fingertips can also be a problem. 
There are two types of PCT: self capacitance, and mutual capacitance.
"Mutual capacitive" sensors have a capacitor at each intersection of each row and each column. A 12-by-16 array, for example, would have 192 independent capacitors. A voltage is applied to the rows or columns. Bringing a finger or conductive stylus near the surface of the sensor changes the local electric field which reduces the mutual capacitance. The capacitance change at every individual point on the grid can be measured to accurately determine the touch location by measuring the voltage in the other axis. Mutual capacitance allows multi-touch operation where multiple fingers, palms or styli can be accurately tracked at the same time.
"Self-capacitance" sensors can have the same X-Y grid as mutual capacitance sensors, but the columns and rows operate independently. With self-capacitance, current senses the capacitive load of a finger on each column or row. This produces a stronger signal than mutual polinian
s capacitance sensing, but it is unable to resolve accurately more than one finger, which results in "ghosting", or misplaced location sensing.
Projected capacitance has been used for the development of devices such as WoodTouch by Spanish researcher Ivan Arakistain.Video by REUTERS
Circuit design.
Capacitance is typically measured indirectly, by using it to control the frequency of an oscillator, or to vary the level of coupling (or attenuation) of an AC signal.
The design of a simple capacitance meter is often based on a relaxation oscillator. The capacitance to be sensed forms a portion of the oscillator's RC circuit or LC circuit. Basically the technique works by charging the unknown capacitance with a known current. (The equation of state for a capacitor is i = C dv/dt. This means that the capacitance equals the current divided by the rate of change of voltage across the capacitor.) The capacitance can be calculated by measuring the charging time required to reach the threshold voltage (of the relaxation oscillator), or equivalently, by measuring the oscillator's frequency. Both of these are proportional to the RC (or LC) time constant of the oscillator circuit.
The primary source of error in capacitance measurements is stray capacitance, which if not guarded against, may fluctuate between roughly 10 pF and 10 nF. The stray capacitance can be held relatively constant by shielding the (high impedance) capacitance signal and then connecting the shield to (a low impedance) ground reference. Also, to minimize the unwanted effects of stray capacitance, it is good practice to locate the sensing electronics as near the sensor electrodes as possible.
Another measurement technique is to apply a fixed-frequency AC-voltage signal across a capacitive divider. This consists of two capacitors in series, one of a known value and the other of an unknown value. An output signal is then taken from across one of the capacitors. The value of the unknown capacitor can be found from the ratio of capacitances, which equals the ratio of the output/input signal amplitudes, as could be measured by an AC voltmeter. More accurate instruments may use a capacitance bridge configuration, similar to a wheatstone bridge. The capacitance bridge helps to compensate for any variability that may exist in the applied signal.
Comparison with other touchscreen technologies.
Capacitive touchscreens are more responsive than resistive touchscreens, but less accurate.
A standard stylus cannot be used for capacitive sensing, but special capacitive styli, which are conductive, exist for the purpose. One can even make a capacitive stylus by putting some form of conductive material, such as anti-static conductive foam on the tip of a standard stylus. Capacitive touchscreens are more expensive to manufacture and are significantly more accurate than resistive touchscreens. Some cannot be used with gloves, and can fail to sense correctly with even a small amount of water on the screen.
Power supplies with a high level electronic noise can reduce accuracy.
Styli.
A stylus designed for resistive touchscreens will not register on capacitive sensors. Styli that work on capacitive touchscreens primarily designed for fingers are required to simulate the difference in dielectric offered by a human digit.
According to a report by ABI Research, styli are especially needed in China for handwriting recognition because of the nature of its writing system.

</doc>
<doc id="18946310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946310" title="Abdi Mohamed Ulusso">
Abdi Mohamed Ulusso

Dr. Abdi Mohamed Ulusso (born July 1, 1958, Mogadishu) is a Somali politician who ran for the Somali presidency in 2003. He hails from the Wacbudhan clan (an Abgaal subclan). He has served as "Guddoomiyaha Golaha Midnimada Mudulood" (GGMM), or Chairman of the United Mudulood Congress. He received his doctoral degree in education and political science from Cornell University.

</doc>
<doc id="18946312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946312" title="Louis Tristán">
Louis Tristán

Louis Tristán (born 1 May 1984 in Lima) is a Peruvian long jumper. His personal best jump is 8.09 metres, achieved in October 2006 in Tunja.
He competed at the 2004 World Indoor Championships, the 2006 World Indoor Championships, the 2007 World Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18946324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946324" title="Jean Batmale">
Jean Batmale

Jean Batmale (18 September 1895 – 3 June 1973) was a professional French footballer. He played for France national football team at the 1920 and 1924 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18946327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946327" title="Tweaked">
Tweaked

Tweaked is the 5th studio album and first independently released collection of new material by American rock band Enuff Z'nuff.
Having been earlier presented as a glam rock band in the midst of the grunge movement, Enuff Z'nuff fought to distinguish their sound for their first proper indie release. Although the singles "Bullet From A Gun" and "Life Is Strange" lean toward a modern alternative sound, other tracks such as "My Heroin," "Without Your Love," and "How Am I Supposed To Write A Love Song" were recorded in more of a blues-rock style.
Remaining songs from Tweaked don't veer far from the formula used on earlier Enuff Z'nuff albums. Songs such as "My Dear Dream," "We're All Alright," and "Has Jesus Closed His Eyes" utilize their obvious past influences of Electric Light Orchestra, Cheap Trick and The Beatles. However, Tweaked does mark a noticeable change in direction in that lead guitar prowess was no longer a highlight. This was either due to changing times or because of the removal of guitar prodigy Derek Frigo from the band.
Tweaked was originally conceived to be half of a Japanese released double album. However, the sessions were eventually split into two records, with the other becoming Chip & Donnie's 'Brothers' (later re-released as Enuff Z'Nuff's "Seven" in 1997). Artwork varies on some copies of this record due to the controversial image of an Irish funeral procession that is featured on the original release.
Tweaked also marks the return of original guitarist Gino Martino to the band, though he would soon leave the group again due to a disdain for touring. Martino would continue to record occasionally with the band on studio material. The album was eventually re-released in 2000 and 2008. 
Track listing.
All songs written by Donnie Vie and Chip Z'Nuff, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18946337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946337" title="Béla Virág">
Béla Virág

Béla Virág (born 12 April 1976 in Marcali) is a Hungarian football player who last plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.

</doc>
<doc id="18946341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946341" title="Johannes Gehrke">
Johannes Gehrke

Johannes Gehrke is a professor of computer science at Cornell University who works in the areas of database systems and data mining. He received his PhD from the University of Wisconsin, Madison in 1999 for a thesis in data mining. Since its second edition, he has been a co-author of the standard textbook on database systems, commonly known as the Cow Book. Johannes currently leads database research initiatives at Cornell. His group is popularly known as the Big Red Data group.

</doc>
<doc id="18946346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946346" title="Herbert McGregor">
Herbert McGregor

Herbert McGregor (born 13 September 1981) is a Jamaican long jumper. His personal best jump is 8.08 metres, achieved in May 2008 in Fort-de-France.
At the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games he finished fourth in the long jump and won a bronze medal in the 4 x 100 metres relay. He also competed at the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18946359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946359" title="PhilSports Football and Athletics Stadium">
PhilSports Football and Athletics Stadium

The Philippine Institute of Sports Football and Athletics Stadium, formerly known as the ULTRA Stadium (University of Life Training and Recreational Arena), is a stadium located inside the PhilSports Complex in Pasig, Philippines. It has a seating capacity of 20,000.
The stadium was the site of the PhilSports Stadium stampede on February 4, 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="18946381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946381" title="Andriy Makarchev">
Andriy Makarchev

Andriy Makarchev (born 15 November 1985) is a Ukrainian long jumper.
He competed at the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
His personal best jump is 8.13 metres, achieved in June 2008 in Istanbul.

</doc>
<doc id="18946478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946478" title="Tyrone Smith (athlete)">
Tyrone Smith (athlete)

Tyrone Smith (born 7 August 1984) is a professional Bermudian born long jumper.
Tyrone grew up in the Chicago suburb of North Chicago where he attended NCCHS and Novak-King Middle School. At NCCHS he was a member of the Track and Field team as well as the Football team. Following High School he pursued a collegiate career in both sports at the University of Missouri-Rolla (UMR) eventually deciding after his freshman year to concentrate in track and field. Tyrone Is a 3 time NCAA Division II All-American in the Long Jump. He attended the University of Missouri-Rolla UMR, now the Missouri University of Science and Technology (MS&T). There he holds the School records at both the indoor and outdoor long jump.
Tyrone is now represented by Octagon Sports Management.
He has competed at the 2008 World Indoor Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final. He competed in the 2010 Commonwealth Games for Bermuda. 
His personal best jump is 8.22 metres, achieved July 26, 2010 on a gold medal winning performance in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico during the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games. This is the Bermuda National Record

</doc>
<doc id="18946521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946521" title="Abdulahi Ahmed Afrah">
Abdulahi Ahmed Afrah

Prof. Dr. Abdulahi Ahmed Afrah is a Somali politician who hails from the Waesle clan (an Abgaal subclan). In June 2007, he escaped an assassination attempt in northern Mogadishu.

</doc>
<doc id="18946523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946523" title="Naoko Hashimoto">
Naoko Hashimoto

Naoko Hashimoto (橋本直子 "Hashimoto Naoko", born July 11, 1984) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for JT Marvelous.

</doc>
<doc id="18946525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946525" title="Epeigeus">
Epeigeus

Epeigeus is a Greek hero in the Iliad. He was a Myrmidon and son of Agacles, who, having killed his father, was obliged to flee from Budeion. He took refuge in the house of Peleus who sent him with Achilles to Troy, where he was killed by Hector.
A Trojan asteroid, 5259 Epeigeus, has been named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18946528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946528" title="Public Notary Office of People's Republic of China">
Public Notary Office of People's Republic of China

Public Notary Office (Chinese: 公证处 Pinyin:gōng zhèng chù ) is a subordinate agency of the Ministry of Justice of the People's Republic of China. It is responsible for certifying documents according to Chinese legal system. Examples of services offered are certification of Birth Certificates, identification cards, Household Registration documents, Driver's License, Police Records, Health Records, Property title, power of attorney, guarantor documents, authorization documents, declaration documents, lottery tickets certification and business licenses.
Purpose.
The functions of the Public Notary Office is classified into 4 functions.
1. To safeguard the smooth process of the state economic restructuring and economic construction, maintain the order of socialist market economy.
2. To protect lawful rights and interests of citizens, legal persons and other organizations, prevent disputes and minimize litigation.
3. To develop notary standards and promote the process of the international civil and economic activity. To protect lawful rights and interests of citizens, organizations, overseas Chinese and foreigners.
4. To inform and educate the legal knowledge, improve legal sense of the people, maintain the legal system and guarantee the correct implement of state laws.
History.
The Public Notary system was first established between the 1930s to the 1940s. It was enacted into legislation in 1935 by the government of the Republic of China. After the Chinese Civil War, the People's Republic of China in 1951 continued with developing the Public Notary system. The Central People's Government of the PRC or commonly refer to as the State Council took on the administration of the Public Notary system. It created many offices in provincial counties and towns to make it accessible to the common people.
During the period between 1958 and 1959, the Public Notary system languished and due to Cultural Revolution it virtually came to a standstill for the next two decades. The Cultural Revolution expelled the bourgeoisie and capitalist, nationalizing private property, private ownership of businesses and land were prohibited and turn into collective public ownership. This reduced the demand for notarization of documents and legal services.
It was not until 1978 with the central government embarking on market economic reforms that the Public Notary system became very important and relevant. In 1979, the Central People's Government enacting legislation for Public Notary Offices to be set up in all the Municipalities, provincial cities, prefecture level cities and towns. By some measure in 1979 there was a 15 fold increase in notarization services as compared to 1977. In 1982, all the laws and regulations for Public Notary system was in place. This increased the effectiveness of the system as well as supported China's experiment with market economic reforms.
See also.
Ministry of Justice of the People's Republic of China

</doc>
<doc id="18946555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946555" title="Flat Daddy">
Flat Daddy

A Flat Daddy (also Flat Mommy or Flat Soldier) is a life-sized cardboard cut-out of someone absent from home, the idea being to keep connected to family members during a deployment. Flat Daddies came in fashion after the start of the Iraq War when spouses and children were left alone after soldiers were called up for duty. By the mid-2000s (decade), thousands of Flat Daddies have been produced for families in the USA.
The Flat Daddy concept dates back to at least 2003, when Cindy Sorenson of Bismarck, North Dakota created a cutout of her husband who was deployed in Iraq with the North Dakota National Guard. The name was modeled on the 1964 children's book "Flat Stanley" and a program in which children mailed small cutouts of themselves. The idea was shared by Sorenson with Elaine Dumler, a motivational speaker who mentioned the idea in a book offering coping tips for families with a deploying soldier. Dumler obtained a trademark on the term "Flat Daddy", hoping to prevent anyone from profiting on the idea. Dumler filed for the trademark on October 16, 2006, for use as photographs of active duty military personnel mounted on cardboard cut-outs, vinyl, and photo paper and in books in the field of military family readiness. The trademark application indicated that the term was first used in September 2003.
As of 2006, the Maine National Guard had produced 200 "Flat Daddy" and "Flat Mommy" cutouts for the families of soldiers deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan. The Maine program was started based on information received at a National Guard conference. The state's family-support director noted the enthusiastic response to the program, stating that "If there's something we can do to make it a little easier on the families, then that's our job and our responsibility. It brings them a little bit closer and might help them somewhere down the line."
By 2007, a Toledo, Ohio firm had manufactured over 1,000 of the cutout figures. While many of the initial Flat Daddies had been produced gratis, the firm was seeking sponsors for the 50 per week that it was producing.

</doc>
<doc id="18946573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946573" title="1984 Paris–Roubaix">
1984 Paris–Roubaix

The 1984 Paris–Roubaix was undertaken in extremely muddy conditions, reducing the speed of the riders and making the race even harder than usual. 
The race was characterised by a great deal of action early on, but the deciding move came with 45 kilometres to go. At this point Sean Kelly went after two La Redoute riders who were out in front, Gregor Braun and Alain Bondue. Rudy Rogiers came up to Kelly and they chased and caught the La Redoute pair. Braun was soon dropped and Bondue then crashed, and despite chasing hard, could not regain contact with the front two. At the finish on the Roubaix velodrome, Rogiers had no chance against the dominant Kelly who easily won the sprint for his first Paris–Roubaix win. 
This win came in the middle of an amazing stretch of results for Kelly who later described this period in the first half of 1984 as the best of his career.
Below, the results for the 1984 edition of the Paris–Roubaix cycling classic.

</doc>
<doc id="18946574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946574" title="Käte Bosse-Griffiths">
Käte Bosse-Griffiths

Käte Bosse-Griffiths (16 June 1910–4 April 1998) was a German born Egyptologist who after moving to Wales became a writer in the Welsh language.
Early history.
Käte Bosse was born in Wittenberg in Germany in 1910, and although her mother was of Jewish parentage, she was brought up as a member of the Lutheran Church. After completing her secondary education in her home town she was accepted into the University of Munich where she gained a doctorate in Classics and Egyptology in 1935. Soon after she started work at the Egyptology and Archaeology Department of the Berlin State Museums. When it was discovered that her mother was a Jew she was dismissed from her post.
Bosse left Germany for Britain and found research work at the Petrie Museum at the University College London and later at the Ashmolean Museum, Oxford. In 1938, while at Oxford, as a senior member of Somerville College she met fellow Egyptologist J. Gwyn Griffiths. Griffiths, a Welsh and Classics scholar brought up in the Rhondda, was at that time a research student at Oxford, but the two of them returned to the Rhondda and made their home in the village of Pentre. They married in 1939 and Bosse became Käte Bosse-Griffiths. During the Second World War, Bosse-Griffiths and her husband set up the Cadwgan Circle from their home in Pentre, an avant-garde literary and intellectual group whose membership included Pennar Davies and Rhydwen Williams. Among these literary Welsh speakers Bosse-Griffiths found a love of the Welsh language. During the same years in Germany, Bosse-Griffiths's mother died at Ravensbrück, a notorious women's concentration camp. Her brothers Günther and Fritz were both imprisoned, and then served at Zöschen camp. An order to have them killed at the end of the war was not carried out. Her sister Dorothee was imprisoned for six weeks but released.
Academic and literary career.
When her husband became a lecturer at Swansea University, the couple moved to Uplands and then Sketty in Swansea. Bosse-Griffiths became a member of Swansea Museum, where she was Keeper of Archaeology, a role she would undertake for 25 years. She helped bring Sir Henry Wellcome's Egyptian collection, at the time held in storage, to the Department of Classics at Swansea, and would spend the next twenty years researching this 5,000 piece collection. This Wellcome collection is now housed at the Egypt Centre at Swansea University.
Bosse-Griffiths was also a published author. She wrote on German pacifist movements in "Mudiadau Heddwch yn yr Almaen" (1942) in the Welsh language, while academic works include her 1955 collection "Amarna Studies and Other Collected Papers".
Bosse-Griffiths' output included scores of articles on archaeological matters. Her literary output includes short stories and novels including "Anesmwyth Hoen" (1941), "Fy Chwaer Efa a Storïau Eraill" (1944), "Mae'r Galon wrth y Llyw" (1957), and "Cariadau" (1995), and two travel books, "Trem ar Rwsia a Berlin" (1962), and "Tywysennau o'r Aifft" (1970).

</doc>
<doc id="18946576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946576" title="Annaghmore railway station">
Annaghmore railway station

Annaghmore railway station served Annaghmore in County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
History.
The station was opened in 1858 by the Portadown, Dungannon and Omagh Junction Railway, which the Great Northern Railway (GNR) took over in 1876. Annaghmore was served by GNR passenger trains between and "via" . The GNR built a fruit store at the station for the considerable traffic of locally-grown produce, mainly apples and strawberries, that it shipped out of the area by special trains. The Ulster Transport Authority took over the GNR's remaining lines in Northern Ireland in 1958 and closed the PD&O on 15 February 1965.
After the line was closed the former station was sold. For a time it was a car dealership and repair garage but in August 2010 it was disused and semi-derelict. Parts of the up and down platforms still stand, along with the main station building beside the down platform and some other former railway buildings on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18946578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946578" title="Kong Christian stod ved højen mast">
Kong Christian stod ved højen mast

"Kong Christian stod ved højen mast" (King Christian stood by the lofty mast), is the Danish royal anthem. It has equal status of national anthem together with Der er et yndigt land, though it is almost exclusively used in relation to the Danish royal house and the Danish Military. On New Year's Eve it is tradition to sing along as the Denmark's Radio Girl's Choir sing the song on television, immediately after midnight following the other national anthem, Der er et yndigt land. Usually only the first verse is sung on official occasions. Adopted in 1780, it is one of the oldest national anthems in the world.
The lyrics.
History of the lyrics.
The lyrics first appeared in May 1778, in Johannes Ewald's vaudeville play, "The Fishermen", which premiered at the Royal Danish Theatre in January 1780 on the birthday of King Christian VII. The play depicts the heroics of fishermen from the northern part of Zealand, who saved a lot of sailors from drowning and then refused to take pay for it. For this reason the play was seen as a tribute to the navy, in particular because of the King Christian song. In the original staging of the play however, only the final 4th verse was ever sung. The first three verses were omitted because of the animosity they showed towards Sweden, who at the time were an important ally against the United Kingdom as members of the League of Armed Neutrality.
Theme.
The theme of the song is the heroics of Danish sailors during the wars against Sweden in the 17th and 18th centuries. It specifically names the Danish naval heroes King Christian IV, Niels Juel and Peter Wessel Tordenskiold.
The first verse refers to the Battle of Colberger Heide where King Christian IV is hurt by shrapnel and thought to be dead, but quickly gets to his feet and incites his crew to continue the battle.
History of the music.
It has long been debated who composed the music to the song. It was originally accredited to Johann Hartmann, the same composer who wrote the score for the original play "Fiskerne", where the lyrics had first appeared, however his original romantic score for the vaudeville was entirely different from the score commonly used today. Following the dismissal of the possibility that Hartmann could have composed the score, it was suggested that a friend of Johannes Ewald, High Court judge Ditlev Ludvig Rogert, who was known to have played the violin, had been the original composer – a claim that was backed up by several 19th century intellectuals. In 1880 Vilhelm Carl Ravn presented his theory that the score significantly preceded Ewald's poem and had no one particular composer. This is the most commonly supported theory today. However, even today, the score is also often wrongfully accredited to Friedrich Kuhlau, who made "King Christian" a popular anthem by using his own arrangement of the score in his play Elverhøj, which premiered at the wedding between Crown Prince Frederik (The later King Frederik VII) and Princess Vilhelmine in November 1828.
See also.
Festival Overture on the Danish National Anthem – a musical piece by Tchaikovsky composed for the visit of the tsarevich to the Moscow Conservatoire accompanied by his new Danish wife. The piece is based on "Kong Christian stod ved højen mast" but also incorporates elements of the Russian national anthem.
In pop culture.
The song is mentioned as being played at New Batavia, capital of a Solar System-wide empire of humanity, in Robert A. Heinlein's 1956 novel "Double Star."

</doc>
<doc id="18946605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946605" title="Daniel Rees">
Daniel Rees

Daniel Rees (8 February 1793 – 13 June 1857) was a Welsh clergyman and hymnwriter.
Rees was born at Felin Newydd, Llangeler in Carmarthenshire, Wales on 8 February 1793. He went to Castellhywel school before attending Jesus College, Oxford. After being ordained, he was curate of Goetre, Monmouthshire from 1818 to 1823, before becoming perpetual curate of Aberystruth, Monmouthshire. His publications included "" in 1831, and "A Selection of Psalms and Hymns" in 1832; the popularity of both books was demonstrated by the fact that each book was reprinted on several occasions in the following 30 years. The books included some of Rees's original hymns and translations. He died on 13 June 1857.

</doc>
<doc id="18946608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946608" title="Hysterics (Rolo Tomassi album)">
Hysterics (Rolo Tomassi album)

Hysterics is the debut album by Rolo Tomassi recorded in spring 2008 and released on 22 September 2008. The album is Rolo Tomassi's first release on Hassle Records and features all new tracks. The album received an exclusive first review from Thrash Hits, who awarded the album a maximum score. The band recorded a video for the song "I Love Turbulence" on 15 September.
The album was also released on heavyweight black vinyl, featuring alternative artwork, through Hassle Records and limited to only 1000 copies. The album is being repressed through Holy Roar/Destination Moon Records in two colours, Red/Clear and Blue with Yellow and Grey splatter.
On 23 November 2009, a "Bonus Disk" version of the album was released via Shock Records in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18946616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946616" title="Joaquin F. Enriquez Memorial Stadium">
Joaquin F. Enriquez Memorial Stadium

The Joaquin F. Enriquez Memorial Stadium is a multi-use stadium located inside the Joaquin F. Enriquez Memorial Sports Complex in Zamboanga City, Philippines. It is currently used mostly for football matches and hosts the home matches of Zamboanga FA. The sports complex holds around 40,000 people in total but the football area holds around 10,000 people.
It has a total land area of 5.75 hectares. Construction of the sports complex started November 1991 and was completed in time for the 1992 Palarong Pambansa.
Ten contractors and 1,500 workers collaborated in order to complete the facility. Total construction cost was a little over P64-million.
In 2005, it was the main venue of the National PRISAA Games which gathered athletes from all over the private schools in the country. In 2007, the PASUC-National Sports Olympics, a competition between public colleges and university varsity teams, was held here.
In 2011, the PRISAA was participated in by more than 400 member colleges and universities from the country’s 17 regions. More than 5,000 athletes and officials participated in the games.
Sports Events.
The stadium hosted the following sporting events:

</doc>
<doc id="18946618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946618" title="Aggai">
Aggai

Aggai may refer to:
Aggai may also refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="18946625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946625" title="Victor Brailovsky">
Victor Brailovsky

Dr Victor Brailovsky (, born 27 December 1935) is a computer scientist, aliyah activist and a former Israeli politician. He served as Minister of Science and Technology for six days in 2004. In May 1986 Brailovsky was awarded an Honorary Doctorate Degree from the Open University in England.
Biography.
Brailovsky was born in Moscow in 1935. He was an activist for aliyah and refusenik between 1972 and 1987, and was a Prisoner of Zion between 1981 and 1984. In 1987 he was allowed to immigrate with his family to Israel, where he worked as a professor of mathematics and computer science in Tel-Aviv University.
In the 1999 elections he was voted into the Knesset on Shinui's list, and became a member of the Science and Technology and Immigration, Absorption, and Diaspora Affairs committees.
Following the 2003 elections, in which Brailovsky retained his seat, Shinui joined Ariel Sharon's government. On 5 March 2003 he was appointed Deputy Minister of Internal Affairs. On 29 November 2004 he became Minister of Science and Technology, replacing fellow Shinui member Ilan Shalgi. However, Shinui pulled out of the government less than a week later, and Brailovsky lost his cabinet post.
Following the split in Shinui, Brailovsky joined the Secular Faction (later Hetz). The party failed to cross the electoral threshold in the 2006 elections and he lost his seat.

</doc>
<doc id="18946635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946635" title="Eperatus">
Eperatus

Eperatus ("Epiratos") of Pharae in Achaea was an Ancient Greek general of the 3rd century BC.
He was elected "strategos" of the Achaean League in 219 BC. This was done by the intrigues of Apelles, the adviser of Philip V of Macedon, and in opposition to Timoxenus, who was supported by Aratus of Sicyon. Eperatus was held universally in low estimation, and was in fact totally unfit for his office, on which he entered in 218 BC, so that, when his year had expired, he left numerous difficulties to Aratus, who succeeded him.

</doc>
<doc id="18946645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946645" title="Scott Russell Aqueduct">
Scott Russell Aqueduct

The Scott Russell Aqueduct is an aqueduct carrying the Union Canal over the A720 bypass, west of Edinburgh, Scotland.
It is named after the Scottish naval engineer John Scott Russell who discovered the soliton or solitary wave near Bridge 11 on the Union Canal where a plaque in his memory can be found.

</doc>
<doc id="18946655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946655" title="OpenGL Multipipe">
OpenGL Multipipe

OpenGL Multipipe is the default SGI solution for handling parallel rendering on a single desktop using multiple displays on Irix and Linux. It first appeared in Irix 6.5.10 as a solution for creating desktops on SGI Onyx Visualization Systems (their so called Reality Centers) which took advantage of multiple Raster/Geometry Managers in multiple pipelines. The package was originally composed of Xinerama, a Xinerama aware version of 4DWM (called omp4Dwm) and a backend server to handle and distribute all OpenGL threads to the various physical pipes called Transparent OpenGL (or tgl).
In SGI parlance, a pipe (see Graphics pipeline) is akin to a PCI Video Card connected to other cards that handle Geometry and/or Rasterization in a "pipeline" (hence the name and the relevant nature of OpenGL), somewhat similar to 3Dfx's Voodoo Graphics card (though many considered the latter hackish and not at all a true pipe). Nowadays a pipe is solely on a single board and on a single chip (GPU). More to the point, a single SGI pipeline (e.g. InfiniteReality4) could be configured to have up to 8 Video Outputs, each with its own Raster Manager (or 4 with additional Texture memory and a Geometry manager). SGI's Implementation of Xinerama would transparently handle OpenGL on all display outputs (including multiple pipes), but usually offloaded all OpenGL calls to a blanket OpenGL API called transparent OpenGL(like running Xdmx without Chromium).
Programming for a single display on multiple pipes was always possible in OpenGL using threads (and subsequently in Open Inventor and OpenGL Performer), making them "multipipe aware", but this proved challenging for scientists and architects who cringed at C/C++ multithreading. SGI decided to lighten the burden by developing a package that would encompass a halfway optimized solution for applications programmed for only one pipe via Multipipe.
OpenGL Multipipe was part one of a three tiered approach to escalate applications towards multipipe awareness. The second part was Multipipe SDK which provided a simple set of libraries that made an OpenGL application multipipe aware. The third was moving on to the multipipe aware OpenGL Performer. The latest versions of Multipipe include Xdmx as a better suited solution for multiple displays. Ultimately this solution would be superseded by working Xdmx, Xinerama and Chromium in tandem on linux graphics clusters. Programming multiple pipes in OpenGL would be facilitated by Equalizer or by a variety of SceneGraph Libraries.

</doc>
<doc id="18946660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946660" title="Stan Hanson">
Stan Hanson

Stan Hanson (born Stan Hansen in Bootle, 27 December 1915 died 1987) was an English footballer who played for Bolton Wanderers for his whole professional career.
Starting off as an amateur with Liverpool and Southport he turned down Aston Villa to sign professional forms for Bolton in October 1935.
He did not make the goalkeepers shirt his own until the 1938-39 season and then his career was interrupted by the Second World War, where he saw service in the Royal Artillery.
He returned to top flight football and stayed playing with Bolton until he was nearly 40. He was Bolton's keeper in the "Matthews' Cup Final". When he retired from football he stayed with the club as coach of the reserve side as well as running the post office near Burnden Park.
Stan Hanson had a brother, Alf Hanson, who also played for Liverpool as well as Chelsea.

</doc>
<doc id="18946666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946666" title="Hussein Hagi Bood">
Hussein Hagi Bood


</doc>
<doc id="18946671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946671" title="Arad Power Station">
Arad Power Station

The Arad Power Station is a large thermal power plant located in Arad, having 2 generation groups of 50 MW each and one generating unit of 12 MW having a total electricity generation capacity of 112 MW.
The two chimneys of the power station are 201 metres tall.

</doc>
<doc id="18946699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946699" title="Pitești Sud Power Station">
Pitești Sud Power Station

The Piteşti Sud Power Station is a large thermal power plant located in Piteşti, having 2 generation groups of 50 MW each and 3 groups of 12 MW having a total electricity generation capacity of 136 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="18946730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946730" title="Sushil Kumar (wrestler)">
Sushil Kumar (wrestler)

Sushil Kumar Solanki (born 26 May 1983) is an Indian World Champion wrestler who won the gold medal in the 66 kg freestyle competition at the FILA 2010 World Wrestling Championships, a silver medal in the Men's 66kg Freestyle Wrestling event at the 2012 London Olympics and a bronze medal in the Men's 66kg Freestyle Wrestling event at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, which made him the first Indian to win back to back individual Olympic medals. Sushil Kumar competed against Tatsuhiro Yonemitsu of Japan in the London Olympics finals. Kumar defeated Leonid Spiridonov of Kazakhstan in the repechage round to win the bronze in Beijing Olympics. This was the second medal for India in wrestling, and the first since K D Jadhav's bronze medal at the 1952 Helsinki Olympic Games. On July 2009, he received the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna - India's highest honour for sportspersons. On 3 October 2010, Sushil Kumar was the final baton bearer who handed the Queen's Baton to Prince Charles in the Queen's Baton Relay for the 2010 Commonwealth Games Opening Ceremony.
Biography.
Sushil Kumar was born in the village of Baprola, near Najafgarh in South West Delhi. Kumar's father is Diwan Singh, a Jat, who was a DTC bus driver and mother Kamla Devi a housewife. He was inspired to take up wrestling by his cousin Sandeep and his father who was himself a "pehlwan" (wrestler). Sandeep quit wrestling as the family could only support one wrestler. Kumar trained at the "akhada" (wrestling school) in the Chhatrasal Stadium from the age of 14. With minimal funds and poor training facilities for wrestling in India, even for the 2008 Olympic team, his family made sure he obtained the necessary dietary supplements by sending him tinned milk, ghee and vegetables. He is a vegetarian.
Kumar is presently employed with the Indian Railways as an Assistant Commercial Manager.
Career.
Kumar started training at the Chhatrasal Stadium's "akhada" at the age of 14. Trained at the "akhada" by Indian "pehlwans" Yashvir and Ramphal, and later by Arjuna awardee Satpal and then at the Railways camp by coach Gyan Singh, Sushil endured tough training conditions which included sharing a mattress with a fellow wrestler and sharing a dormitory with twenty others. at the age of 18 he became state champ.
His first success came at the World Cadet Games in 1998 where he won the gold medal in his weight category. He followed this up with a gold in the Asian Junior Wrestling Championship in 2000.
Moving out of the junior competition, Sushil Kumar won the bronze medal at the Asian Wrestling Championships in 2003 and followed that up with a gold medal at the Commonwealth Wrestling Championships. Sushil Kumar placed fourth in the World Championships in 2003, but this went largely unnoticed by the Indian media as he fared badly in the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens, in the 60 kg class placing 14th. He won gold medals at the Commonwealth Wrestling Championships in 2005 and 2007. He ranked seventh in the 2007 World Wrestling Championships and won a bronze medal in 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing. He also qualified for 2012 Summer Olympics taking place at London and won a silver medal by defeating a wrestler from Kazakhstan, thus becoming the first person to win 2 Olympic medals for independent India.
Sushil Kumar was awarded the Arjuna Award in 2006.
2008 Beijing Olympics.
Out of the field of 21, 11 wrestlers including Kumar obtained a bye to the 1/8 round. He lost to Andriy Stadnik from Ukraine in the first round of the 66 kg freestyle wrestling event, leaving his medal hopes hinging on the repechage. Sushil Kumar defeated American Doug Schwab in the first repechage round and Belarusian Albert Batyrov in the second repechage round. In the bronze medal match on 20 August 2008 Kumar beat Spiridonov 3:1, with scores of 2-1, 0-1, 2-0 in the three rounds. Sushil Kumar disclosed that he had no masseur during the three bouts he won within a span of 70 minutes to take the bronze. The team manager Kartar Singh who is a former Asian Games medallist acted as the masseur for him.
2010 World Wrestling Championships, Moscow.
Sushil Kumar created history when he became the first Indian to win a gold medal at FILA 2010 World Wrestling Championships held in Moscow on 12 September 2010.
Sushil Kumar beat local hope & crowd favourite Alan Gogaev of Russia 3-1 in the finals for the gold in the 66 kg freestyle wrestling category. Earlier, he had won a thrilling semi-final match against European champion Jabrail Hasanov of Azerbaijan 4-3 to make it to the final (He scored a 2-point move in the last 5 seconds to come from 2-3 behind). After getting a bye in the first round, Sushil had routed Akritidis Anastasios of Greece 6-0 in the second round, beat Martin Sebastian of Germany 4-1 in the pre-quarters & demolished Mongolian Buyanjav Batzorig 9-1 in the quarter-finals.
2010 Commonwealth Games, Delhi.
Sushil Kumar won gold medal at the 2010 Commonwealth Games held in Delhi on 10 October 2010. He beat Heinrich Barnes of South Africa 7-0 in the finals in the 66 kg freestyle wrestling category. The South African wrestler could not endure more than three and half minutes in front of Sushil. In fact the bout had to be stopped by the referee in the second round. Earlier, in the semifinals, Sushil defeated Famara Jarjou of the Gambia 3-0 in a record 9 seconds. In the quarterfinals Sushil Kumar defeated Muhammad Salman of Pakistan 10-0 in 46 seconds.
2012 London Olympics.
Sushil Kumar won the Silver medal of 66 kg Free Style Wrestling after losing the final to Tatsuhiro Yonemitsu of Japan.
Earlier he had entered the final by beating Kazakhastan's Akzhurek Tanatarov in the semifinal.
Sushil had also led the Indian contingent at the 2012 London Summer Olympic Games and was India's flag bearer for the London Olympics opening ceremony on 27 July.
Commercial endorsements.
Sushil Kumar endorses brands such as Mountain Dew, Eicher tractors and National Egg Coordination Committee which earns him annually. He refused the offer of to appear in a Surrogate ad for a leading liquor brand.
Television.
Sushil Kumar appeared on Television reality show "Roadies 9" in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18946731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946731" title="Guitar Rockstar">
Guitar Rockstar

Guitar Rockstar is the European brand name for a virtual air guitar, manufactured by Tomy. It originated and continues to be sold by Tomy in Japan under the brand name "Air Guitar." Gameplay consists of holding buttons representing notes and strumming where the strings would be, in a similar fashion to air guitar. An infra-red beam passes from the end of the guitar head, and as your hand passes through the invisible infra-red beam a note is played.
Guitar Rockstar was launched in the UK with 8 licensed pre programmed rock songs
Guitar Rockstar was launched in Europe in 2008, and a competition in association with MTV was used to launch the product.
Colour Variations
As of 2008, Guitar Rockstar was available in 3 colour variations

</doc>
<doc id="18946732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946732" title="Christopher Clayton">
Christopher Clayton

Rear Admiral Christopher Hugh Trevor Clayton is a former Royal Navy officer who served as a Lynx helicopter pilot during the Falklands War. He went on to become a senior naval officer, commanding ships during the Hong Kong handover ceremony and 2003 invasion of Iraq and later serving high-level positions in NATO.
Early career and Falklands War.
Clayton joined the Royal Navy as an aviator. He was appointed as an acting sub-lieutenant on 29 February 1972 and after flying training was then commissioned as a sub-lieutenant on 29 November 1973. After being promoted to lieutenant on 16 October 1974, Clayton was selected for a Full Career Commission in 1980, transferring to the General List.
On 2 April 1982, the disputed British overseas territory of the Falkland Islands was invaded by neighbouring Argentina. The United Kingdom, nearly away, assembled and dispatched a naval task force of 28,000 troops to recapture the islands. The conflict ended that June with the surrender of the Argentine forces; the battles fought on land, at sea, and in the air had cost the lives of some 900 British and Argentine servicemen.
Clayton served on , piloting their HAS.3 Lynx helicopter, serial no. 335 or "IVOR", as part of 815 Naval Air Squadron. "Cardiff" arrived at the islands late in the conflict on 26 May. "Cardiff"’s primary role was to form part of the anti-aircraft warfare picket, using her anti-air Sea Dart missiles to protect British ships and attempting to ambush Argentine re-supply aircraft. She was also required to fire at enemy positions with her 4.5-inch gun.
On 13 June, around midday, Clayton was performing the routine forenoon clearance search of the area south of the Falkland Sound. Two Argentine Daggers of "Gaucho" flight spotted Clayton's Lynx and jettisoned their external fuel tanks in preparation to engage. They began strafing the helicopter with their cannons, but Clayton evaded the attacks and managed to escape. The Daggers returned home empty-handed, their original mission had been to attack British positions on Mount Longdon with retarded bombs. After the initial Argentine surrender, Clayton flew the OC of 40 Commando, Lt Col Malcolm Hunt, to Port Howard to accept the surrender of the Argentine garrison stationed there. In recognition of his service during the war, Clayton was awarded a Mention in Dispatches.
Commands.
Clayton was promoted to commander on 31 December 1988, then to a captain on 31 December 1995. Clayton commanded the Type 22 frigate during the 1997 Hong Kong handover ceremony. Hong Kong had been a British colony since 1841, but Britain's lease was due to finish and control was to be handed to the People's Republic of China. "Chatham"'s role was to act as guardship for the royal yacht HMY "Britannia", Clayton said of the experience; "There is no sense of withdrawal, this is very much one professional armed forces handing over the protection and sovereignty of Hong Kong to another, the People's Liberation Army. So I look on it as a classic military evolution and one which we hope to do with some style, orderly and professionally."
He became the first officer to hold the post of "Commodore Naval Aviation" (COMNA), he was based at Northwood Headquarters during this time. The post was created in 2000 to command the newly formed Joint Force Harrier. In 1998, the UK's recently elected labour government reassessed the country's defence needs and published their findings in a policy document titled the Strategic Defence Review. One of its key initiatives was a call for the amalgamation of both Royal Navy and RAF Harriers into one force. This would create a closer harmonization of common operating procedures and maintenance practice.
Clayton commanded the helicopter carrier during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. "Ocean" was the UK's lead amphibious landing ship, providing sea-based logistics to the Royal Marine's 3 Commando Brigade and acting as a launch pad for their attack on the Al-Faw Peninsula. Her helicopters also played a role in securing the city of Basra. When interviewed about the experience Clayton said; "There's a sense of pride in a job really well done. played a major role in the operations out there. But also we have to remember that we're the lucky ones coming back. Not everyone has. There are many we have to think about, including one of our ship's company who was killed in action, Marine Chris Maddison. Our thoughts will be about him and with his family."
Later career.
Clayton became a rear admiral on 30 August 2004 and took a post at NATO's headquarters in Brussels. His role was as an assistant director, in charge of the Intelligence Division of NATO's International Military Staff. The Intelligence Division provides day-to-day strategic intelligence support to the Secretary General; it has no intelligence gathering capacity of its own and therefore relies on input from alliance members. On this basis it could be described as a "central coordinating body" for the collation, assessment and dissemination of intelligence within NATO Headquarters. He retired on 29 December 2007.
Over the course of his naval career, he attended the Advanced Command and Staff Course and the Higher Command and Staff Course.

</doc>
<doc id="18946743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946743" title="Ramazan Şahin">
Ramazan Şahin

Ramazan Şahin (born Ramzan Irbaikhanov (), July 8, 1983) is Turkish freestyle wrestler of Chechen origin, who has won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Member of the Istanbul-based club Tekelspor, he is tall and weighs . He transferred to İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyesi S.K..
Born in Hasav-Yurt in the North Caucasian federal subject Dagestan of the Russian Federation, he emigrated in 2005 to Turkey with the help of his uncle İshak İrbayhanov, manager of the Turkey national freestyle wrestling team. In 2006, Ramazan was naturalized with the initiative of Mehmet Ali Şahin, then Minister responsible for Sports and changed his family name to Şahin in respect of his patron.

</doc>
<doc id="18946744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946744" title="Brezje, Radovljica">
Brezje, Radovljica

Brezje () is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
It is best known for the Pilgrimage Church at Brezje, the largest pilgrimage church in Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18946749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946749" title="List of Ultras of Oceania">
List of Ultras of Oceania

This is a list of the 67 ultra-prominent summits (with topographic prominence greater than 1,500 metres) of Oceania, plus the two Ultras of the Southern Indian Ocean.
Indonesian New Guinea.
"See also:" List of Ultras of Malay Archipelago for other ultra prominent peaks elsewhere in the Indonesian archipelago.

</doc>
<doc id="18946752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946752" title="Otar Tushishvili">
Otar Tushishvili

Otar Tushishvili (born 14 June 1978 in Gori) is a Georgian wrestler, who has won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18946762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946762" title="Tetra Karcist">
Tetra Karcist

Tetra Karcist is the seventh studio album by the Belgian black metal band, Enthroned. The artwork and layout is done by Ahmet Meran, and the Scorpion design is by Nornagest.

</doc>
<doc id="18946766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946766" title="Agga">
Agga

aggA is a gene locus found in plant-associated bacteria that agglutinate. See agglutination (biology).
Agga may refer to:
Agga means 'chief' or 'foremost' in Burmese, and may refer to:
Agga may also refer to:
AgGa is silver gallium, an ion that forms many compounds, some of which are used in lasers.
AGGA may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="18946769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946769" title="Care Co-ordination Network UK">
Care Co-ordination Network UK

Care Co-ordination Network UK (CCNUK)No longer exists but was a networking organisation promoting and supporting care co-ordination or key working, for disabled children and their families in the United Kingdom. CCNUK was a registered charity and company limited by guarantee, its head office used to be in York
The CCNUK mission was to work in partnership with disabled children, their families and professionals, to ensure that all families across the UK have access to high quality care co-ordination or key worker services.
CCNUK developed its work to achieve the following six strategic objectives:

</doc>
<doc id="18946789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946789" title="Manila Nomads F.C.">
Manila Nomads F.C.

The Manila Nomads Football Club (also known as Nomads Auction Manila for sponsorship reasons) is the association football team of the Manila Nomads Sports Club which is based in Parañaque, Philippines. The club currently plays in the second division of the United Football League, after choosing to self-relegate due to failure to comply with the league's foreigner cap rule.
History.
The club was founded in 1914 by members of the Manila Club, and is the oldest existing club in the country. In its early years it was considered unbeatable by other teams in the country.
United Football League.
Manila Nomads is one of the founding members of the United Football League (Philippines) and playing in Division 1 since the league started as semi-professional in 2009.
After winning the 2011 Division Two crown, the Nomads, along with two other clubs, were promoted to the United Football League Division One. In the 2012 season, the club ended their run at seventh place.
In the 2013 United Football League (Philippines), they finished 8th in the table.
In the 2014 United Football League (Philippines), they chose to self-relegate after they fail to comply with the league's foreigner cap rule.
Stadium.
Manila Nomads plays its home games at "Nomads Field", which has a capacity of 3.000 spectators found in Parañaque.
Records.
Note: Performances of the club indicated here was after the UFL created (as a semi-pro league) in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18946797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946797" title="The Killing Phone">
The Killing Phone

The Killing Phone (khmer:ទូរសព្ទប្រលៃព្រលឹង) is a Khmer horror film released in Cambodia in 2006. It is a remake of the Thai film "999-9999".
Several Asian horror movies are given a nod in this Thai horror movie. The ghost woman in white dress come out of the television and the death of kim are a nod to "Ringu". The exorcism scene in this film is a nod to that of "One Missed Call".
Plot.
The story happens after the mystery death of a young girl at a countryside school. Rumors circulate that her death was caused by a mysterious number 000-0000. The rumors spread throughout a university in Kampot, Cambodia, when a female student transfers from her old school which had "mystery deaths". However, the new death begins to happens when a group of IT students start to call 000-0000 for a wish after midnight. When every wish has been granted, the terrifying soul starts to kill them one by one. Accidents happen and the survivors must find a way to stop this evil phone number...
The Deaths.
Two parts of the movie outline the deaths from two locations.
1 A countryside school:
2 The University of Kampot:

</doc>
<doc id="18946798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946798" title="Experimental Physiology">
Experimental Physiology

Experimental Physiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Physiological Society. It was established in 1908 as "The Quarterly Journal of Experimental Physiology" and is now published monthly. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", its 2010 impact factor is 3.333.
"Experimental Physiology" publishes articles in most areas of physiology, especially papers that deal with both physiological and pathophysiological questions that investigate gene/protein function using molecular, cellular, and whole-animal approaches. All articles become freely accessible 12 months after publication. The editor-in-chief is Paul McLoughlin (Dublin, Ireland).
The journal publishes themed special issues - including recent issues on optogenetics, neurogenic hypertension, and the 2010 Winter Olympics. An annual prize is awarded to an early-career scientists who authors the best eligible paper in the journal.

</doc>
<doc id="18946810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946810" title="Hearts of Iron III">
Hearts of Iron III

Hearts of Iron III is a grand strategy wargame developed by Paradox Development Studio and published by Paradox Interactive that is the sequel to the previous "Hearts of Iron" games. It was announced on August 20, 2008 and was released on August 7, 2009.
A Mac OS X version was announced by Virtual Programming on December 7, 2009. The game was available for purchase the same day.
Gameplay.
"Hearts of Iron III" allows the player to take control of almost any nation that existed during the period of 1936–1948, guiding it through World War II. A variety of decisions regarding the armed forces, production, research, diplomacy, politics and espionage is the focus of the game.
The game centers around three factions: the Axis (led by Germany), the Allies (led by Great Britain), and the Comintern (led by the Soviet Union). All other nations can slowly align with one of the factions. Nations are more likely to side with those with similar ideology, threat and proximity
Resources found in the game include: energy, metal, rare materials, and oil. The first three are required for industrial production, while oil is converted to fuel for vehicles, planes and ships.
The scope of military organization ranges from brigades to entire theaters of operation.
Development.
The first trailer from the Games Convention in Leipzig showed new features such as 3D graphics.
Paradox released a series of developer diaries and video showcases.
Although happy with the scope of "Hearts of Iron II", lead designer Johan Andersson wanted to improve upon every aspect of the game, starting again with a new engine. The game's artificial intelligence (AI) was designed to be able to achieve strategic objectives and control forces delegated to it, including whole theatres of operation. The AI can also remember and compare strategic possibilities as circumstances change. Changing to 3D graphics helped improve other areas, as Andersson explained:
"Going 3D meant we could do another type of architecture where we could support more screen resolutions, and develop our maps in a quicker way. The biggest advantage from going 3D though was the ability to offload more to the GPU. With the machine advances during the last decade this gives us the biggest benefits in development when it comes to gameplay and AI."
Paradox had a vision for the style of the map, given that the player would spend the majority of their time looking at it: "...to create a map that feels like a WW2 map, like it could be a map which...a commander in the War would be looking at himself." The content of the map was also altered; the number of provinces increased to more than 15,000 over "Hearts of Iron II's" 2,600. Customizable divisions, a first for the series, are available, each one containing two to five brigades, with each brigade increasing the division's combat power and cost.
Reception.
"Hearts of Iron III" initially received a mixed reception because the game shipped with a large number of bugs in the initial release. After several patches eliminated many bugs, reception improved and the game received generally positive reviews. In 2009 December it had a combined average of a 77 on Metacritic" and a 79% on Gamerankings."
Gamepro wrote "perhaps the worst problem is the interface itself, or more specifically, the amount of feedback it affords the player. In contrast to the old system, there is no instant way to assess how many divisions you have in each province, nor important values like their units' organization or combat values."
On the other hand, the game has been praised as being "tailored for experienced strat heads and wargamers with a lot of patience, but the game is more accessible than either of its predecessors and a great jumping-on point for new players who want to make the leap into a grand strategy epic."
Expansions.
On 6 June 2010, an expansion called Hearts of Iron III: Semper Fi was released. It is only available as a download.
The Mac OS X version of the "Semper Fi" expansion pack shipped from Virtual Programming on 23 July 2010.
A second expansion named Hearts of Iron III: For the Motherland was announced on 27 January 2011 and released on 28 June 2011.
The Mac OS X version of the "Hearts of Iron III: For the Motherland" expansion pack shipped from Virtual Programming on 28 September 2011.
On 22 November 2011, Paradox Interactive released the Hearts of Iron III Collection, which include both expansions for Hearts Of Iron III and all previously released sprite packs.
On 6 June 2012, Paradox Interactive announced the third expansion called Hearts of Iron III: Their Finest Hour. It was released on 29 September 2012.
The Mac OS X version of the Hearts of Iron III: Their Finest Hour expansion pack shipped from Virtual Programming on 9 November 2012.
DLC.
Along with full expansion packs, there has been several smaller DLC releases.
Sequel.
During an Ask Me Anything event on Reddit, Paradox Interactive confirmed that a Hearts of Iron 4 is planned. Though the team gave no indication as to the game's priority in being developed, or when it would be officially announced, it was revealed that it would be released "before 2020".
The game's page on Paradox Interactive's website, lists the release window as Q1 2015. 
A new "Hearts of Iron" game called "East vs. West – A Hearts of Iron Game" developed by BL-Logic is planned to be released in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18946812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946812" title="Aheripur">
Aheripur

Aheripur is a small town in the Etawah district of Uttar Pradesh, India.
Aheripur is a famous trade centre from ancient times.It is famous for leather shoes made here.A village named veerpur is located just a kilometer away from it.This village is famous for ramleela played here.
Shree Bihari Ji Inter College is the reputed college here. It was earlier a large center of study, with many renowned teachers. Aheripur is known for many non-degree doctors. Some of them claim that they are having the cure for even cancer and AIDS. But the fact is that there is only one primary health center. There is Mukatpur village merely one kilometer near Aheripur people come to see Ramleela played here. Aheripur is shopping town for all nearby village 
in aheripur village there are 9 temples(ancient) of goddess durga in her different forms. people tells that these were built very-very long time ago.nowadays the famous sweet of aheripur is "KAND KE PEDA".

</doc>
<doc id="18946853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946853" title="Silas Robbins">
Silas Robbins

Silas Robbins (February 14, 1857 – September 11, 1916) was the first African American admitted to practice law in the U.S. state of Nebraska in 1889, and the first black person in Omaha, Nebraska to be admitted to the Nebraska State Bar Association.
Biography.
Prior to serving in Nebraska, Robbins was admitted to the bar in Indiana and Mississippi. 
In 1887 Robbins became the second African American to run for Nebraska State Legislature, winning the endorsement of Gilbert Hitchcock's "Omaha World-Herald". After losing the race, Robbins continued to serve in Omaha. 
In 1889 Robbins became the first black lawyer admitted to practice in Nebraska, sixteen years after the Nebraska Supreme Court ruled that blacks could not be excluded from serving on juries. In 1893 he secured a patent from the United States Patent Office for a game he created called "politics".
When the Populist Party took power in Omaha, Robbins served as the tax commissioner from 1900 to 1901 and again from 1903 to 1905. Afterward he focused primarily on real estate law, and maintained a reputation as one of Omaha's "best known colored attorneys."
Robbins committed suicide on September 11, 1916, by a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the temple, apparently motivated by a long-time illness.

</doc>
<doc id="18946874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946874" title="Jose Luis Nazario, Jr.">
Jose Luis Nazario, Jr.

Sergeant Jose Luis Nazario, Jr. (born 1980) is the first American to be tried in a civilian court for war crimes which were allegedly committed while he was on active duty.
Nazario was charged with voluntary manslaughter, assault with a deadly weapon and discharging a firearm during a crime of violence for his role in the death of four unarmed Iraqi.
The Iraqis were killed on November 9, 2004, in Fallujah, Iraq, when Nazario was leading a squad of 13 Marines on house to house searches as part of Operation Phantom Fury, during the Second Battle of Fallujah.
Nazario, a former Marine, was charged under the 2000 Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act for the killing of unarmed Iraqi detainees in the city of Falluja. His trial began on August 19, 2008.
Nazario retired from the Marine Corps in 2005.
After his retirement he was to become a Police officer in his home-town of Riverside, California.
The incident became known publicly when one of Nazario's subordinates, Sergeant Ryan Weemer applied for a job with the United States Secret Service.
During his interview he was asked to identify the most serious crime he had participated in, and he described his role in the killing.
Nazario's attorneys told "CNN" in July 2007 that Nazario totally denied the charges.
Nazario was released on bail, after his arrest. But, because he was still in his probationary period with the Police when he was arrested, he was dismissed.
In 2010, Nazario sued the Riverside Police, to try force them to re-hire him.
During his trial five of the thirteen subordinates in his squad testified that they were not eye-witnesses to the killings, but they heard the shots fired.
Two of Nazario's subordinates, Sergeant Weemer and Sergeant Jermaine Nelson, faced contempt of court charges for their refusals to testify.
The contempt charges were dropped a month later.
Although he refused to testify during Navario's trial, in September 2009, Jermaine Nelson would later apologize for his role in the killings during his own trial, and place the blame for all the killings on Nazario.
According to "The Guardian", during Nelson's trial a tape of a confession Nelson made in 2007 was played, that offered: ""a grisly account that Nazario beat detainees, killed two of them by shooting them in the forehead and ordered squad members to kill the other two.""
Nazario's trial was held in his home town, Riverside, California, where he was formerly a police officer.
He was acquitted on August 28, 2008.
Nazario's defense team included Joseph Preis, Jared N. Klein and David Foberg,lawyers from the firm Pepper Hamilton, a firm that had worked previously on behalf of Guantanamo detainees.
After US District Court Judge Virginia A. Phillips ruled in favor of Riverside in a civil suite Navario launched Richard K. De Atley of the Press Enterprise wrote that court statements revealed that the main reason Riverside had not re-instated Navario was not that Riverside investigators concluded Navario had in fact killed the Iraqi civilians; rather it was ""troubling statements"" from Federal wiretaps of Navario's phone, and a ""2008 domestic abuse court action"".
Navario had sued, based on the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, aking for $6 million in damages.
De Atley quoted a passage from the wiretaps which stated Navario said: " "it was 'fun to ... around with people,' that he gets 'to beat somebody's ... because they're drunk,' "". De Atley noted that the court papers did not include evidence Navario had beaten vulnerable members of the public for kicks.
The transcripts also recorded Navario discussing how to subvert the reliability of polygraph tests with another police officer. 
According to De Atley in a passage in the wiretap transcripts that had been deemed inadmissable at his manslaughter trial, but had been admissible at his civil suit, Navario described ""how to respond directly if asked he had murdered anyone."" De Atley wrote Navario said: ""Just be like, yeah, I was in combat. And they waive all that ...""
Navario's lawyers had argued that, if the city decided not to put any weight on the murder allegations once Navario was acquitted they should have dropped the investigation, so they would not have come across the domestic violence court action, or Navario's statements captured in the Federal wiretaps.

</doc>
<doc id="18946878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946878" title="Zainal Rabin">
Zainal Rabin

Zainal Rabin (born 23 February 1975) is a Malaysian footballer who playing as goalkeeper.
A Malaccan born goalkeeper, has been rated as a good shot stopper but never been called up for national duty since he made his debut for his state country back in 1999. A transfer to club side Melaka TMFC made Zainal a well known goalkeeper across the nation and spent 5 seasons with TMFC as a regular choice among 3 coaches. 
He sign for Perlis FA in mid-season of 2007/08. In 2009, he transferred to Felda United FC.
He moves to MP Muar FC in 2012 to replace Sani Anuar Kamsani who has moved to Sarawak FA.

</doc>
<doc id="18946884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946884" title="Nigeria at the Commonwealth Games">
Nigeria at the Commonwealth Games

Nigeria has competed at eleven Commonwealth Games, from 1950. Nigeria did not attend four Games, in 1962, 1978 (in protest at New Zealand's policies), 1986 and 1998. 
Nigeria has won at least one medal at every Games attended, including a high of thirty-seven in 1994. The first medal in 1950 was won by Joshua Majekodunmi in the High Jump. 

</doc>
<doc id="18946894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946894" title="Sir Syed Government Girls College">
Sir Syed Government Girls College

Sir Syed Government Girls College is located in Nazimabad at Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. Sir Syed Girls College is adjacent to 1st Chowrangi, Altaf Ali Barelvi Road, Nazimabad, Karachi and is under the supervision of Government of Sindh.
History.
Sir Syed Government Girls College is considered as one of the most premier educational institutions for girls in Karachi. The school was founded by Syed Altaf Ali Barelvi

</doc>
<doc id="18946905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946905" title="Thirukoshtiyur">
Thirukoshtiyur

Thirukoshtiyur is a village located near Tirupathur (on Tirupathur-Sivaganga road) on the way to Sivaganga, Tamil Nadu. It is 9 km from Thirupathur.
This place has an importance among Vaishnavites. The Village is notable for the great temple, which is one of the 108 divya desams.The holy shrines for the Vaishnavites. It comes under paandya naatu thiruthalangal (region once ruled by pandyas).
Etymology, names and significance.
Thirukoshtiyur, derived from its native name Thirukotiyur.
During Kritha yuga, Rishis, devas and people were tortured, anguished by the asura Hiranyakashipu as the vengeance for hiranyaksha's death in hands of Lord Vishnu in the form of Varaha Avatar. Devas, Rishis approached Brahma and Shiva for the solution. In response Brahma, Shiva, all devas, Saptha Rishis decided to meet at one place to discuss regarding. Finally all chose Thirukotiyur as the spot. Together they came like a group and so the name came as Thirukoshtiyur, koshti means in group or as a team.
Thirukoshtiyur is known for its great temple, Sri Sowmya Narayana Perumal Thirukovil ( Thirukovil means temple ). One of the 108 divya desams in India.
Periazhwar in his work Periazhwar Thirumozhi visualizes Thirukoshtiyur as the birthplace of Sri Krishna.
Sri Sowmya Narayana Perumal Thirukovil.
Sri Sowmya Narayana Perumal Thirukovil, surrounded by a high walls on its four sides, with a Rajagopuram (Main tower) at the entrance which shows the gigantism. The inner infrastructure, mainly sannidhis( separate shrines) are unlike other temples. Inside the temple complex, The shrine for Narayana is constructed in form of three stages, similar to that of three floors in a building. This interprets as Boologam (earth), Thiruparkadal, Vaikundham. Narayana appears in three stages in three forms. In Ground floor as Krishna in dancing posture. Next level he is sayana thirukolam (sayana = reclining, thirukolam = posture), a posture resting on Adhisesha. And top most level in standing posture as Sri Sowmya Narayana Perumal. This form of appearances of Narayana is been poetically described as "Nindran" (means Standing posture), "Kidanthan" (means sleeping posture), "Aadinan" (means dancing posture) by Alwars.
Ramanujar.
There exist an important relationship between Sri Ramanuja and Thirukoshtiyur. Ramanuja was advised by Thirukachi Nambigal (Thirukachi is place and Nambigal means sage) to visit Thirukoshtiyur and learn the ' Sacred 8 letter hymn ', Ashtakshara manthra from Thirukoshtiyur Nambigal(i.e. Thirukoshtiyur sage). Accordingly Ramanunja travelled 18 times all the way from Srirangam to Thirukoshtiyur for learning the "Ashtakshara Manthram" ("Ohm Namo Narayanaya!!") from the Thirukoshtiyur nambigal. Each time Ramanuja tried to meet the Nambigal but was ultimately rejected by Nambigal. This continued for 17 times and at last 18th time when Ramanuja arrived and knocked the doors of Nambigal ashram saying "Adiyen Sri Ramanujan vanthurukiran..!" ( which means "Beloved student Sri Ramanuja here!!") on which he was allowed to enter. The reason why Ramanuja was denied 17 times and allowed during his 18th time is that as Ramanuja introduced himself as "Adiyen Ramanujan" (means Beloved student Ramanuja ) in 18th time unlike his past visits blindly introducing himself as "Im Ramanuja arrived..". The word " Im " shows his egotism for which he was rejected. Whereas his ego vanished in this 18th visit and made him eligible for the learning of Ashtakshara manthram.
Thirukoshtiyur Nambigal blessed Ramanuja with the 'Sacred 8 letter hymn' Ashtakshara manthram ("Ohm Namo Narayanaya!!") and warned him not to preach to anyone. Ramanuja rushed climbing to the top of temple, summoned the whole village people and delivered the Ashtakshara manthram. The act enkindled nambigal who on questioning, Ramanuja replied "Its my great fortune in showing the path and guiding people to heaven, I'm glad in going to hell for the act.." these words affected nambigal to extent he just prostrated towards Ramanuja. It is said the event happened in front of Sri Lakshmi Narasimhaswami sannidhi, small shrine like present on the way towards the Sowmya Narayana Perumal sannidhi, third stage.

</doc>
<doc id="18946907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946907" title="Australia women's national softball team">
Australia women's national softball team

The Australia women's national softball team is the national softball team of Australia. It is governed by Softball Australia and takes part in international softball competitions. 
Funding.
The national team has not secured as much funding as male dominated sports in Australia despite having performed better than some and having won major international competitions. The removal of softball from the Olympic programme resulted in the national team getting less funding.
History.
Australian women competed in their first international competition in 1949 when they played a series against New Zealand in St Kilda at the St Kilda Cricket Ground. 10,000 people watched the game live. The first international for Australian women took place in 1951 when the Australians toured New Zealand. Australia won both games against the New Zealanders. In 1960, Australia hosted its first international tournament with national teams from Australia, New Zealand and South Africa competing. At the tournament, Australia beat South Africa by a score of 2-1. Australia hosted the event again in 1962, where they beat the New Zealanders in the final 2-1. At the ISF Women's World Championship, Australia finished first in 1965 and second in 1998. The 1965 victory was considered very impressive as they beat the Americans, who invented the game in 1887, to win the championship. Between 1949 and 1967, Australia's senior women's side was undefeated in international play.
Women's World Championship.
Australia's women have won the World Championships. Australia was one of five nations to compete at the inaugural ISF Women's World Championship held in Melbourne, Victoria in 1965. At the time Australia hosted the event, the sport was being played by women across the country on the club and school level. At the 1965 Championships, Australia played two games against the United States where they shut them out and allowed them to score no runs. In 1974, Australia was knocked out at the semi-finals stage by the Americans by a score of 6-0. Australia finished second to the United States at the 1998 championship. They lost in a one hit shutout. This was their best finish since the competition's inception. Australia will compete at the 2012 edition.
Olympics.
Australia competed at all four Olympic Games where the sport was played. At them, they won three bronze medals and a silver.
1996 Olympic Team.
Going into the 1996 Summer Olympics, Australia were considered one of the favourites to possibly win gold. The Australians beat the Americans at the 1996 Olympics. Australia finished with a bronze medal.
2000 Olympic Team.
The 2000 Games were played in Sydney. They had to beat the Americans to qualify for the gold medal, but lost 1-0 in a shut out. The Australians beat the Americans during the early part of the competition during pool play.
2004 Olympic Team.
Australia won a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.
2008 Olympic Team.
Australia earned a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Games.
Other competitions.
Majorie Nelson was a Victorian softball player. She was the first softball player to represent any country at four World Series of Softball. She was the Australian captain in 1974 and 1978 and the World Series. 
Australia earned a bronze medal at the 2005 World Cup. In 2009, they earned a silver at the World Cup of Softball.
Australia earned a gold medal at the 2005 Canada Cup. They earned a silver in 2008. They earned a bronze in 2011.
Australia earned a silver medal at the 2005 Pacific Rim tournament.
Test series.
In 1962, Australia played a test series against New Zealand in New Zealand. Australia won two out of three games in the test.
In March 2012, the team played a test series against the Japan women's national softball team in Canberra.
Indigenous representation.
Stacey Porter was the team's first aboriginal teammate to represent Australia in softball the Olympics. Other aboriginal members of the national team include Vanessa Stokes.

</doc>
<doc id="18946914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946914" title="Irfan Bakti Abu Salim">
Irfan Bakti Abu Salim

Irfan Bakti Abu Salim is a Malaysian football coach. A former football player, he was in the Malaysia squad for the 1976 AFC Asian Cup in Tehran, Iran.
He spent most of his early coaching days as a coach with the Football Association of Malaysia in Wisma FAM. He first worked as a state coach with the Negri Sembilan team, and later joined Penang FA and TMFC respectively. In 2007 he suddenly resigned from TMFC to coach an Indonesian team, Persipura Jayapura. He returned to Malaysian football in 2008, joining Perlis FA. He later left Perlis and joined Terengganu FA for the 2010/11 season. 
He was the head coach of Selangor FA from 2012 until his resignation in 2013.
Irfan was unveiled as new coach of Felda United FC on November 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18946920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946920" title="John Fitzgerald (brewer)">
John Fitzgerald (brewer)

Sir John Fitzgerald (1857 – 2 November 1930) was an Irish-born British brewer and wine and spirit merchant who served as Lord Mayor of Newcastle upon Tyne from 1914 to 1915. Born in Tipperary, he was knighted in the 1920 New Year Honours for his services to Newcastle. He founded the Sir John Fitzgerald pub chain that bears his name and is still owned and operated by his descendents.

</doc>
<doc id="18946932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946932" title="Euro proof sets">
Euro proof sets


</doc>
<doc id="18946936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946936" title="Norris Foster">
Norris Foster

Sir Norris Tildasley Foster CBE (15 December 1855 – 5 December 1925) was an English barrister.
Foster was born in Bromsgrove, Worcestershire. He was educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham and the University of Oxford and called to the bar by the Inner Temple in 1891. He practised in Birmingham.
During the First World War he was a member of the Warwickshire County Appeal Tribunal under the Military Service Act 1916, the Parliamentary Recruiting Committee, the Birmingham Local War Pensions Committee, and the General Purposes, Finance and Administration Committee of the War Pensions and Citizens Committee.
He was knighted in the 1920 New Year Honours and appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1920 civilian war honours for his services to the Prince of Wales's Fund and his wartime committee work.

</doc>
<doc id="18946942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946942" title="Winter hazel">
Winter hazel

Winter hazel may refer to two different plants:

</doc>
<doc id="18946948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946948" title="Dublin Bay 21">
Dublin Bay 21

The Dublin Bay 21 footer yacht is a one-design wooden sailing boat designed for sailing in Dublin Bay. 
The seven yachts were designed by Alfred Mylne and built between 1903 and 1906 under a commission from the old Dublin Bay Sailing Club to encourage inexpensive one-design racing and are purported to be the oldest class of racing yacht in the world.
List of Boats (the seven sisters)
The class is now defunct and the fleet lay in various states of disrepair in Jack Tyrrell's yard in Arklow, Co. Wicklow. The fleet were taken out of the water in 1986 after Hurricane Charley ruined active Dublin Bay 21 fleet racing in August of that year. Two 21s sank in the storm, suffering the same fate as their sister ship Estelle four years earlier.
It is said that these boats present one of the loveliest sights to be seen on any sailing waters in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18946951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946951" title="Turks and Caicos Islands at the Commonwealth Games">
Turks and Caicos Islands at the Commonwealth Games

The Turks and Caicos Islands have participated at four Commonwealth Games. Their first appearance came in 1978, but they did not appear again for twenty years. They have attended every Games since 1998. To date, no athlete from the Turks and Caicos has won a Commonwealth medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18946955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946955" title="Joseph Sweeney">
Joseph Sweeney

Joseph Sweeney may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18946958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946958" title="Vicente Benavides">
Vicente Benavides

Vicente Benavides Llanos (Quirihue, 1777 – Santiago, Chile, February 23, 1822) was a Chilean soldier who fought in the Chilean War of Independence. He initially sided with the patriots but changed sides later to side with the royalists. He then led the resistance during the so-called Guerra a muerte. This was a time of irregular warfare and Benavides got the aid of many Mapuche chiefs to combat the Chileans and pillage the countryside. The Pincheira brothers, a future outlaw group, served Benavides in the Guerra a muerte by defending the Cordillera. 
Benavides was captured near the end of the war. After a brief trial in Santiago, Benavides was hanged on February 23, 1822. His body was mutilated and dismembered.

</doc>
<doc id="18946960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18946960" title="Aztec Municipal Schools">
Aztec Municipal Schools

Aztec Municipal Schools (also known as the Aztec Municipal School District) is a public school district based in Aztec, New Mexico, United States. The district covers a area in northeastern San Juan County. In addition to Aztec, the district also serves a portion of the community of Flora Vista.
Demographics.
There were a total of 3,251 students enrolled in Aztec Municipal Schools during the 2007-2008 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 48.91% female and 51.09% male. The racial makeup of the district was 62.20% White, 23.41% Hispanic, 12.89% Native American, 0.83% African American, and 0.68% Asian/Pacific Islander.

</doc>
<doc id="18947005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947005" title="Real Deal Records">
Real Deal Records

Real Deal Records was an American recording company founded by boxer Evander Holyfield sometime in the late 1990s. The musicians signed to Real Deal Records include Saison, a popular Filipino singer, NuWine, an inspirational R&B singer, and Exhale, a trio of unique R&B singers. Holyfield emphasized the immense diversity in the music that came out of his label. 

</doc>
<doc id="18947014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947014" title="Chatti Pathiri">
Chatti Pathiri

Chatti Pathiri is a layered pastry made in the North Malabar and Malabar region, of Kerala, India. It is made in both sweet and savoury variations. The dish is very similar to the Italian lasagna. Instead of pasta; pastry sheets / pancakes made with flour, egg, oil and water are used. The filling depends on the variation desired. The sweet ones are made with sweetened beaten eggs, nuts and raisins, seasoned with cardamom. The savoury ones are made with traditional meat filling used in making samosas or savoury puffs. The flour is kneaded into soft dough and rolled into thin pancakes. These pancakes are soaked in milk to soften them and arranged in layers. The fillings are added between these layers. Once layered, it goes in for baking at 180 degrees for approximately 20 minutes.
An essential ingredient to enhance the authenticity of the dish is white poppy seeds, used extensively in Malabar cuisine while making biryani and meat stews. It is considered an essential part of any festival, pre- and post-wedding events, and Iftar.
Similar dishes.
Similar dishes available in Malabar cuisine include:

</doc>
<doc id="18947074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947074" title="Daniel McMenamin">
Daniel McMenamin

Daniel McMenamin (1 March 1882 – Date of death unknown) was an Irish politician. A barrister by profession, McMenamin first stood for election at the 1918 general election as an Irish Parliamentary Party candidate for the Donegal West constituency but was defeated by Sinn Féin's Joseph Sweeney. He stood as an independent candidate at the 1923 general election but was not elected. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a National League Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Donegal constituency at the June 1927 general election. He did not contest the September 1927 general election.
He was elected as a Cumann na nGaedheal TD at the 1932 and 1933 general elections. At the 1937 general election he was re-elected as a Fine Gael TD for Donegal East. He was re-elected at each general election until he retired at the 1961 general election. He served as Leas-Cheann Comhairle (Deputy Chairman) during the 12th Dáil from 1944–48.
His daughter Rosaleen Linehan is a famous stage and screen actress in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="18947075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947075" title="Punitive expedition">
Punitive expedition

A punitive expedition is a military journey undertaken to punish a state or any group of persons outside the borders of the punishing state. It is usually undertaken in response to perceived disobedient or morally wrong behavior, but may also be a covered revenge. More commonly in the 19th century, punitive expeditions were used as pretexts to colonial adventures that resulted in annexations, regime changes or changes in policies of the affected state to favour one or more colonial powers. 
Stowell (1921) provides the following definition:
"When the territorial sovereign is too weak or is unwilling to enforce respect for international law, a state which is wronged may find it necessary to invade the territory and to chastise the individuals who violate its rights and threaten its security".

</doc>
<doc id="18947076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947076" title="Instant centre of rotation">
Instant centre of rotation

The instant center of rotation, also called "instantaneous center" and "instant center," is the point in a body undergoing planar movement that has zero velocity at a particular instant of time. At this instant the velocity vectors of the trajectories of other points in the body generate a circular field around this point which is identical to what is generated by a pure rotation.
Planar movement of a body is often described using a plane figure moving in a two dimensional plane. The instant center is the point in the moving plane around which all other points are rotating at a specific instant of time.
The continuous movement of a plane has an instant center for every value of the time parameter. This generates a curve called the moving centrode. The points in the fixed plane corresponding to these instant centers form the fixed centrode.
Pole of a planar displacement.
The instant center can be considered the limiting case of the pole of a planar displacement. 
The planar displacement of a body from position 1 to position 2 is defined by the combination of a planar rotation and planar translation. For any planar displacement there is a point in the moving body that is in the same place before and after the displacement. This point is the "pole of the planar displacement", and the displacement can be viewed as a rotation around this pole. 
Construction for the pole of a planar displacement: First, select two points A and B in the moving body and locate the corresponding points in the two positions; see the illustration. Construct the perpendicular bisectors to the two segments A1A2 and B1B2. The intersection P of these two bisectors is the pole of the planar displacement. Notice that A1 and A2 lie on a circle around P. This is true for the corresponding positions of every point in the body.
If the two positions of a body are separated by an instant of time in a planar movement, then the pole of a displacement becomes the instant center. In this case, the segments constructed between the instantaneous positions of the points A and B become the velocity vectors VA and VB. The lines perpendicular to these velocity vectors intersect in the instant center.
Pure translation.
If the displacement between two positions is a pure translation, then the perpendicular bisectors of the segments A1B1 and A2B2 form parallel lines. These lines are considered to intersect at a point on the line at infinity, thus the pole of this planar displacement is said to "lie at infinity" in the direction of the perpendicular bisectors. 
In the limit, pure translation becomes planar movement with point velocity vectors that are parallel. In this case, the instant center is said to lie at infinity in the direction perpendicular to the velocity vectors.
Instant center of a wheel rolling without slipping.
Consider the planar movement of a circular wheel rolling without slipping on a linear road; see sketch 3. The wheel rotates around its axis M, which translates in a direction parallel to the road. The point of contact P of the wheel with road does not slip, which means the point P has zero velocity with respect to point M. Thus, at the instant the point P on the wheel comes in contact with the road it becomes an instant center. 
The set of points of the moving wheel that become instant centers is the circle itself, which defines the moving centrode. The points in the fixed plane that correspond to these instant centers is the line of the road, which defines the fixed centrode. 
The velocity vector of a point A in the wheel is perpendicular to the segment AP and is proportional to the length of this segment. In particular, the velocities of points in the wheel are determined by the angular velocity of the wheel in rotation around P. The velocity vectors of a number of points are illustrated in sketch 3.
The further a point in the wheel is from the instant center P, the proportionally larger its speed. Therefore, the point at the top of the wheel moves in the same direction as the center M of the wheel, but twice as fast, since it is twice the distance away from P. All points that are a distance equal to the radius of the wheel 'r' from point P move at the same speed as the point M but in different directions. This is shown for a point on the wheel that has the same speed as M but moves in the direction tangent to the circle around P.
Instant center of rotation and mechanisms.
Sketch 1 above shows a four-bar linkage where a number of instant centers of rotation are illustrated. The rigid body noted by the letters BAC is connected with links P1-A and P2-B to a base or frame. <br>
The three moving parts of this mechanism (the base is not moving) are: link P1-A, link P2-B, and body BAC. For each of these three parts an instant center of rotation may be determined.
Considering first link P1-A: all points on this link, including point A, rotate around point P1. Since P1 is the only point not moving in the given plane it may be called the instant center of rotation for this link. Point A, at distance P1-A from P1, moves in a circular motion in a direction perpendicular to the link P1-A, as indicated by vector VA. <br>
The same applies to link P2-B: point P2 is the instant center of rotation for this link and point B moves in the direction as indicated by vector VB.
For determining the instant center of rotation of the third element of the linkage, the body BAC, the two points A and B are used because its moving characteristics are known, as derived from the information about the links P1-A and P2-B. <br>
The direction of speed of point A is indicated by vector VA. Its instant center of rotation must be perpendicular to this vector (as VA is tangentially located on the circumference of a circle). The only line that fills the requirement is a line colinear with link P1-A. Somewhere on this line there is a point P, the instant center of rotation for the body BAC. <br>What applies to point A also applies to point B, therefore this instant center of rotation P is located on a line perpendicular to vector VB, a line colinear with link P2-B. Therefore, the instant center of rotation P of body BAC is the point where the lines through P1-A and P2-B cross.
Since this instant center of rotation P is the center for all points on the body BAC for any random point, say point C, the speed and direction of movement may be determined: connect P to C. The direction of movement of point C is perpendicular to this connection. The speed is proportional to the distance to point P.
Continuing this approach with the two links P1-A and P2-B rotating around their own instant centers of rotation the centrode for instant center of rotation P may be determined. From this the path of movement for C or any other point on body BAC may be determined.
Examples of application.
In biomechanical research the instant center of rotation is observed for the functioning of the joints in the upper and lower extremities.
For example in analysing the knee,
ankle, or shoulder joints.
Such knowledge assists in developing artificial joints and prosthesis, such as elbow or finger joints.
Study of the joints of horses: ""...velocity vectors determined from the instant centers of rotation indicated that the joint surfaces slide on each other."".
Studies on turning a vessel moving through water.
The braking characteristiscs of a car may be improved by varying the design of a brake pedal mechanism.
Designing the suspension of a bicycle, or of a car.
In the case of the coupler link in a four-bar linkage, such as a double wishbone suspension in front view, the perpendiculars to the velocity lie along the links joining the grounded link to the coupler link. This construction is used to establish the kinematic Roll center of the suspension.

</doc>
<doc id="18947085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947085" title="2012 Olympic Marathon Course">
2012 Olympic Marathon Course

The 2012 Olympic Marathon Course is that of both the men's and women's marathon races at the 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games in London. 
The route consists of one short circuit of followed by three circuits of . The course, which was designed to pass many of London's well-known landmarks, starts and finishes on The Mall, within sight of Buckingham Palace, and extends as far as the Tower of London in the east and the Victoria Memorial in the west. 
The route of the marathon had been changed, for various logistical reasons, from that originally envisaged in London's original 2005 bid for the Games and now breaks with the normal Olympic tradition that the race finishes inside the main Olympic Stadium.
The 2012 Summer Olympics is the third to be held in London. The stated distance of the marathon at the London 1908 Summer Olympics 26 miles and 385 yards, later converted to metric units as 42.195 kilometres formed the basis of the standard distance adopted by International Association of Athletics Federations in 1921.
The course.
The route, as confirmed in October 2010, starts on The Mall about 350 metres from the Victoria Memorial and has four laps, finishing at the start point. It follows the Victoria Embankment towards the City of London where it takes a winding route and continues eastwards to Tower Hill. At this point there is a U-turn and the route heads westwards, again using the Embankment as far as the Palace of Westminster and thence back to The Mall. The last three laps are identical and are exactly 8 miles (12.875 km) each. The first lap, which only incorporates the south-western section of the route, is 2 miles and 385 yards (3.571 km) long. 
A summary of the course and associated distance points is given below:
Route description.
"Runner's World" described the course as "picturesque" as well as "labyrinthine", noting that included among the 111 turns or bends are four U-turns.
The marathon route starts part way along The Mall and, heading away from Buckingham Palace proceeds through Admiralty Arch and past Nelson's Column in Trafalgar Square. A slight turn to the right onto Northumberland Avenue which drops down to near river-level over a distance of 350 metres (a little under a quarter of a mile). On the first lap the runners turn right and continue along the Victoria Embankment, on subsequent laps they turn left and pass under the Hungerford Bridge and follow the River Thames on its downstream path. The Embankment is the longest "straight" stretch in the race, about 1,500 m (nearly a mile) on the outbound leg and 2,100 m on the return leg. It leads the runners past Cleopatra's Needle and the heraldic lions that symbolically defend the limits of the City of London. 
After Blackfriars station (at the end of the Embankment), the course climbs Puddle Dock, a short but steep 16 metre hill from Upper Thames Street to Queen Victoria Street which is paved with cobblestones, before reaching the race's highest point of 18 metres on Ludgate Hill close to the south portal of St Paul's Cathedral. 
The route passes around the west end of the cathedral, across Paternoster Square, behind St Bartholomew's Hospital and eventually along a winding route including St. Martin's Le Grand, onto Cheapside. On the third lap, runners cross the half way mark within sight of St Mary-le-Bow and within earshot of the "Bow Bells". Leaving Cheapside, the route then goes through the heart of the City, past the offices of many of the world's best known (and lesser known) banks into the Guildhall Yard, home of the Corporation of London. From the Guildhall, the route passes the Bank of England at Bank junction and down Cornhill, passing the Royal Exchange. At the end of Cornhill, continuing onto a small portion of Leadenhall Street, a right-turn takes the runners into the covered Leadenhall Market. Competitors then make their way onto Eastcheap, via Fenchurch Street and Gracechurch Street, and on towards the Tower of London. 
On Tower Hill, a short distance from the Tower's moat, the course makes a U-turn back to Lower Thames Street at the start of the return leg. Leaving Lower Thames Street, the route reaches The Monument dedicated to the Great Fire of London. After The Monument, the return leg has far fewer bends than the outward leg, as it takes the runners along the relatively straight and flat 1,600 m stretch following Cannon Street and back onto Queen Victoria Street. An S-bend takes the runners back onto the Victoria Embankment, at the far end of which are the Houses of Parliament. About 600 m before the end of the Embankment they rejoin the route taken on the first lap and pass the London Eye on the opposite side of the river. On the first lap, runners turn left onto Westminster Bridge, making a U-turn on the bridge before rejoining the main route. On the other laps, runners turn right at the end of the Embankment, and continue past Big Ben and Parliament Square and towards Buckingham Palace via Birdcage Walk on the periphery of St. James Park. As the runners approach the palace, another right turn brings the Victoria Memorial into view. The memorial, at the south-western end of the kilometre-long Mall, brings them past the start line which, on the last circuit, is also the finish line.
The distances relative to the lap start point of various prominent landmarks passed on the route are shown in the table below:Offsets from markers on map calculated by interpolation.</ref>
Changes to original proposal.
When London submitted its bid for the Olympic Games in 2004, the bid chairman Sebastian Coe said: "The marathon course has been designed to include as many of the city's landmarks as possible". Although the final route is different from the one proposed in the bid, it still passes many notable landmarks.
Originally the route was planned to start at Tower Bridge, run through Tower Hamlets and finish at the Olympic Stadium. It would have had a 580 m "run-in", three laps of 11.61 km circuiting central London and passing through or close to the Tower of London, the Victoria Embankment, the Palace of Westminster, Parliament Square, Westminster Abbey, Birdcage Walk, Green Park, Buckingham Palace, the Mall, Trafalgar Square, Strand, St Paul's Cathedral, and the City of London. After the final circuit, the route would then have headed east for 7.34 km, along Whitechapel Road and Mile End Road, towards the Olympic Park and a finish in the Olympic Stadium.
In September 2010 it was reported that the London Organising Committee were considering alternative routes for the 2012 Olympic Marathon as the original route would not be "television-friendly" in London's East-end. After details of the new route had been published, the organisers defended their decision on grounds that the original route would have potentially disrupted other events due to road closures. The changes rerouted the section between Trafalgar Square and St Paul's Cathedral from The Strand to the Victoria Embankment (past Cleopatra's Needle) which would then be bi-directional. It also removed Whitechapel Road and Tower Bridge from the route, while adding the Guildhall Yard and Leadenhall Market. The removal of The Strand from the route allows Waterloo Bridge and Blackfriars Bridge to remain open to traffic.
On 27 May 2012, less than two months before the event, "The Sunday Times" reported another potential logistical problem facing games organisers. In light of the size of the crowds turning out to watch the torch relay, estimates of crowd sizes for the marathon were revised and now suggest that up to 1.5 million people might turn up to watch the event. As there is only a pavement capacity of about 150,000 along the key streets of the event, contingency plans to avoid dangerous overcrowding are being considered.
Official measurement of the course.
The official measurement of the course took place at 2 a.m. on 13 June 2012. It was carried out by David Katz, a member of the IAAF Technical Committee, using a bicycle fitted with a Jones Counter. He was accompanied by two other measurers: Hugh Jones of London, who estimated he had been over the course more than 20 times in the 10 years since London first started assembling its bid, and Mike Sandford.
Compliance with international rules and testing.
All international competitions in athletics, including the Olympic games, are governed under the rules of the International Association of Athletics Federations. The IAAF rules define the standard length of the marathon as 42.195 km and specifically state that the course must not be less than this distance. The rules further state that in Olympic competition the standard distance may not be exceeded by more than 0.1%. In order for a marathon performance to be ratified as a world record by the IAAF, the course must also meet other criteria that rule-out "artificially fast times" produced on courses aided by downhill slope or tailwind: the distance between start and end points when measured in a straight line should not exceed 50% of the length of the course (21.092 km in the case of the marathon); and the difference in altitude between the start and end points should be no more than 0.1% of the course length (42.19 m). World records for intermediate distances (i.e. 5 km, 10 km, 20 km, and 30 km) must meet similar requirements. The rules also state that "the distance in kilometres on the route shall be displayed to all athletes" and require that water and refreshments be provided at approximately 5 km intervals.
A successful test of the course, its technology and technical aspects, was completed in May 2011 when a test event of the full marathon distance was held. The event included thirty-nine elite athletes.
Performances on the course.
"The Daily Telegraph" reported that runners, who took part in the test event in May 2011, said that a world record would not be set on the course due to its windy layout and the later start times, a view echoed in reports in Competitor and Runner's World magazines. Commentators also noted that the cobblestones on the "brief but steep" hill in the vicinity of St Pauls would present further challenges to the runners.
In the women's marathon that took place on Sunday 5 August 2012, Tiki Gelana of Ethiopia set a new women's marathon Olympic record of , clipping 7 seconds off the previous record. The new Olympic record was 7min 42sec slower than Paula Radcliffe's world record set in 2003 during the London Marathon.
The winning time of 2:08:01 by Stephen Kiprotich of Uganda in the men's marathon, on 12 August 2012, was outside the Olympic marathon record and outside the world marathon record.
The winners of the paraolympic marathon events were:
Comparisons with the London Marathon course.
The 2012 Olympic route differs significantly from that of the long-established annual London Marathon. Although both events do finish in The Mall, and have a section along the Victoria Embankment in common, the Olympic event also starts in The Mall whilst the London Marathon starts in Greenwich, and the two events follow completely different courses. The logistical problems behind the design of the London Marathon course (35,000 runners of mixed ability) are very different from those behind the design of the London Olympic Marathon course (100 top-class runners) and therefore it is highly unlikely that the London Marathon would follow the Olympic route, as happened in Atlanta from 1997 to 2009. Then, the Atlanta Marathon followed most of the Olympic route except for the start and finish which were in the car park of the stadium, which had since been converted to baseball use.
London 2012 Paralympic Marathon comparison.
The course planned for the Paralympic Marathon also has four laps which are nearly identical to the 2012 Olympic Marathon course, but avoids certain cobbled areas notably Paternoster Square, the Guildhall Yard, Leadenhall Market and the Monument. The start and finish lines on The Mall are separated.
Previous London Olympic routes.
London has hosted the Olympic games on two previous occasions in 1908 and in 1948. The marathon route was different on both occasions and the 2012 route follows yet another route.
1908 route.
The 1908 games were originally to have been held in Rome, but in April 1906 Mount Vesuvius erupted causing damage to nearby Naples. Italy did not have the resources to stage the games and to rebuild Naples, so London was asked to stage the games. At this time there was no standard length for a marathon, and the 1908 marathon course was originally to have been 25 miles, passing through Uxbridge, Ruislip, Harrow-on-the-Hill before ending at the White City Stadium. It was extended to 26 miles and 385 yards (42.195 km) to avoid troublesome cobbles and tram lines, because of access restrictions at Windsor Castle and to improve visibility to the spectators, including Queen Alexandra, for the finishing stretch inside the stadium. This distance subsequently became the official length of the marathon.
1948 route.
In 1948, London hosted the first Olympic Games to be held after World War II the "austerity games". The marathon started and ended at the Wembley Stadium. It was only three years since the end of the war and London still had considerable bomb damage. Unlike the 2012 games, where the route was chosen to show off central London, the 1948 marathon was run along a route that took the runners from Wembley, through Mill Hill, the towns of Borehamwood, Elstree and Radlett and back to Wembley, thereby avoiding the bomb damage in central London.
Other event.
On 2 June 2012, the BBC reported that Lloyd Scott, wearing a 130 lb (59 kg) diving suit, was the first person to complete the 2012 Olympic Marathon Course in a time of six days.

</doc>
<doc id="18947087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947087" title="Kiril Terziev">
Kiril Terziev

Kiril Stoychev Terziev (; born 1 September 1983 in Petrich) is a Bulgarian freestyle wrestler. He won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing in his category (up to 74 kg).

</doc>
<doc id="18947107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947107" title="Bloomfield School District">
Bloomfield School District

Bloomfield School District may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18947116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947116" title="Bloomfield Public Schools">
Bloomfield Public Schools

Bloomfield Public Schools may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18947121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947121" title="Sarkhej">
Sarkhej

Sarkhej or Sarkhej Roza is an architectural complex located 8 km south from Ahmedabad.
History.
Mainly erected under Mahmud Begada's reign (1442–51), it has been built on the location where the holy man and religious Muslim leader Ahmed Khattu Ganj Baksh (or "Shaikh Ahmad Khattri")lived and died (in 1446). He was the spiritual guide of the sultan Ahmed Shah.
He is said to have been one of the fourth "Ahmed" who founded the city of Ahmedabad. 
His "Roza" or "Maqbara" is one of the biggest mausoleum of India, competing with the Taj Mahal.
The complex became a retreat place for sultans and later an imperial necropolis.
Organized around a large artificial water reservoir are to be found gardens, a mosque and the holy man's tomb, together with the tombs of Mahmud Begada and his wife Rajabai, as well as palaces, a harem and pavilions.
The buildings have an austere beauty, a mixture of Hindu and Islamic styles.
Location.
Sarkhej is accessible through National Highways NH 8A and NH 8C and the Sardar Patel Ring Road.
Sarkhej is an important godown area for Ahmedabad. Warehousing and Distribution for entire Gujarat is done from Sarkhej. There is also a narrow gauge railway station.
Public Transport.
The Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation runs a circular bus service along the Sardar Patel Ring Road from Sarkhej on an hourly basis.

</doc>
<doc id="18947129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947129" title="I Was Here">
I Was Here

I Was Here may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18947140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947140" title="Chita, Republic of Tatarstan">
Chita, Republic of Tatarstan

Chita (; ) is a village ("selo") in Pestrechinsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, situated east of Pestretsy, the administrative center of the district.
The village is situated on the Myosha River. Chita's population was 555 in 1989 and 499 in 2000; mostly ethnic Tatars (as of 1989). The main occupations of the residents are agriculture and cattle breeding. There is a secondary school, a cultural center, and a mosque in the village.
It was founded during the first half of the 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18947141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947141" title="Shugurovo">
Shugurovo

Shugurovo (; , pronounced ) is a village ("selo") in Leninogorsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, located south-west of Leninogorsk, the administrative center of the district, on the Lesnaya Sheshma River (a tributary of the Sheshma). Shugurovo was founded in the 19th century. It was granted the status of urban-type settlement in 1950 but was demoted to a rural locality on October 25, 2004.
Population: In 1989, ethnic Tatars constituted 86.9% and ethnic Russians–8.9% of the population. The majority of the village population are employed in the boehmite, bitumen, woodworking, and agricultural machinery industries.
There is a secondary school, a cultural center, a hospital, and a mosque in Shugurovo.

</doc>
<doc id="18947143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947143" title="Solon Township">
Solon Township

Solon Township may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="18947144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947144" title="Shali, Republic of Tatarstan">
Shali, Republic of Tatarstan

Shali (; , pronounced ) is a village ("selo") in Pestrechinsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, situated south of Pestretsy, the administrative center of the district.
The village is situated on the M7 highway. Shali's population was 3,131 in 1989, 2,980 in 2000; mostly ethnic Tatars (as on 1989). The main occupation of the residents is agriculture and cattle breeding. There is a secondary school, a cultural centre, a clinic, and a mosque, dating back to the end of the 19th century.
It was founded in the Khanate of Kazan epoch.
Russia's Grand Mufti Rawil Gaynetdin was born here in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="18947145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947145" title="Monteverde Cloud Forest Reserve">
Monteverde Cloud Forest Reserve

The Monteverde Cloud Forest Reserve (Reserva Biológica Bosque Nuboso Monteverde) is a Costa Rican reserve located along the Cordillera de Tilarán mountain range within the Puntarenas and Alajuela provinces. Named after the nearby town of Monteverde and founded in 1972, the Reserve consists of over of tropical rainforest, the reserve is visited by roughly 70,000 visitors a year. The Reserve consists of 6 ecological zones, 90% of which are virgin forest. An extremely high biodiversity, consisting of over 2,500 plant species (including the most orchid species in a single place), 100 species of mammals, 400 bird species, 120 reptilian and amphibian species, and thousands of insects, has drawn scientists and tourists since.
History.
The 1950s, First Farmers in the Area Arrive.
In 1951, several dozen Quakers (from 11 families) from Alabama seeking to live as farmers moved to and purchased land in Costa Rica. This was primarily to avoid the Korean War draft, an obligation which contradicted Quaker pacifist ideology. They chose Costa Rica because it had just abolished its armies just three years earlier. It was the Quakers who named the place "Monteverde" (“Green Mountain”), for the year-round green plants.
The 1960s, Biologists Take Note.
Biologists began to take note of Monteverde in the 1960s. Despite the lack of infrastructure and shelter with which to conduct scientific research, these original biologists not only have been continuously documenting, but continue to live in, Monteverde.
In 1968, Dr. Joseph Tosi, who worked for the Tropical Science Center, a foundation for tropical conservation, accompanied Dr. Leslie Holdridge on a journey to Monteverde. The visit was part of a study of the northern region of Costa Rica, requested by the government's National Planning Office. There, they met Mr. Hubert Mendenhall, leader of the Quaker community at the time, who took them to see the primary forests that surrounded the community.
At the end of their visit, Holdridge and Tosi recommended to the Quaker community that the native forests be preserved as much as possible in order to protect their water sources and, given the strong winds that swept though the area, to use the forests as windbreakers to protect their fields and homes.
The 1970s, Conservation Efforts Mount.
The years went by, and in 1972 a young graduate student, George Powell, visited the Tropical Science Center in San José. He lived in Monteverde while doing doctoral research on the birds of the area, and he found that the fauna and habitats were ideal for research purposes.
Amazed by the extraordinary biological richness of the cloud forests, including the habitat of the endemic Golden Toad, and alarmed by the depredation caused by hunters and land squatters, Powell received a promise from the Guacimal Land Company that they would donate of land, if he could form or find a civic association that would sponsor him in taking over the property. George used his personal funds to buy out several of the squatters, hoping to establish a small biological preserve in the region.
At the time, there were few national parks in Costa Rica, and the TSC had a program to create private preserves for research and biological education, where each preserve would represent a different ecological area of the country. Immediately, the TSC became interested in Powell's offer and started the process that led to the acquisition of the in April 1973. The cost of the farm was a symbolic 1 colón (less than US $1).
Along with Powell, Costa Rican biologist Adelaida Chaverri and wildlife specialist Christopher Vaughn promoted the establishment of this private preserve, at the time a less-than-popular idea. In fact, Adelaida Chaverri became one of the sponsors, along with Dr. Joseph Tosi and other TSC members, of what is today the Monteverde Cloud Forest Reserve. They provided continuity to the interest expressed by Dr. George Powell when he obtained the donation of the first piece of land for the Reserve.²
In 1975, 431 visitors came to the budding preserve, most of them scientists and bird watchers. Two years later, there still was no lodging available for visitors to the community, but Mrs. Wood, a local Quaker, started a small bed-and-breakfast in her own home, where occasional visitors would stay overnight.
The 1980s, First Days of Tourism.
The number of foreign visitors increased from 2,700 in 1980 to more than 40,000 in 1991. The preserve increased in size during these years, but its best-known endemic species, the Golden Toad, as well as 40% of Monteverde's amphibian population became extinct, possibly due to global climate change. Gradual species loss occurs as a result of forest fragmentation.
The 1990s through Today.
Presently the Reserve is visited by more than 70,000 people each year, who are eager to get to know the biodiversity found within.
Biology.
Flora.
Epiphytes, which make up 29% of the flora with 878 species, are the richest life form among species of flora in Monteverde. The Monteverde region is also known as the site with the largest number of orchids in the world. The total number of known species surpasses 500, and of these, 34 species discovered in the Reserve were new to science at the time of their discovery.
Fauna.
Herpetofauna of the area is worth noting, with 161 species of amphibians and reptiles. Monteverde is known worldwide as the habitat of the Golden Toad ("Bufo periglenes"), a species that disappeared in 1989.
91 (21%) of Monteverde's bird species are long distance migratory birds, which reproduce in North America and pass through Monteverde during their migration or spend the winter in the area. Three of these species, the Swallow-tailed Kite ("Elanoides forficatus"), the Piratic Flycatcher ("Legatus leucophaius"), and the Yellow-green Vireo ("Vireo flavoviridis"), reproduce in Monteverde and migrate to South America during their non-reproductive phase.
The Resplendent Quetzal ("Pharomachrus mocinno") moves seasonally from high elevation nesting sites to lower elevations on both sides of the Continental Divide. The beginning of the migration of the Three-wattled Bellbird ("Procnias tricarunculata") is similar to that of the quetzal, with reproduction occurring close to the Continental Divide, from March to June, and followed by a post-reproductive move downhill on the Pacific slope during the months of August and September.
The majority of the bird species in Monteverde are primarily insectivores, given that the plants in the region offer a wide variety of fruit. The epiphytes are important resources both for frugivores and insectivores in Monteverde. On a global scale, the cloud forests of Monteverde are home to ten species of birds that are considered to be endangered by the organization Birdlife International, due to their very restricted habitat worldwide.
The mammals of Monteverde include representatives from both North and South America as endemic species. The mammalian fauna of the region includes six species of marsupials, three muskrats, at least 58 bats, three primates, seven edentates, two rabbits, one ground hog, three species of squirrels, one species of spiny mouse, at least 15 species of long-tailed rats and mice (family Muridae); one species of porcupine, one species of agouti, one paca, two canids, five mustelids, four procyonids, six felines, two species of wild pigs, two species of deer, and one tapir.
Facilities.
Currently, the Reserve has bus service that runs five times per day from Monteverde and Santa Elena; it also has a lodge that hosts up to 47 visitors, a small restaurant, a gift shop, and the Monteverde Nature Center information center, serpentarium, frog pond, bat jungle, and butterfly gardens. There are well maintained trails that run through the reserve, as well as suspension bridges and zip-lines. Horseback tours are sometimes arranged. 

</doc>
<doc id="18947151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947151" title="Vincent Como">
Vincent Como

Vincent Como b. 1975 is a Brooklyn-based visual artist. His work is rooted in Minimalism, Conceptual Art, and Color Field Painting with a specific focus toward Black. Como has referenced the influence of Ad Reinhardt and Kasimir Malevich, as well as movements such as the Italian Arte Povera movement from the 1960s.
Como graduated from the Cleveland Institute of Art’s BFA program in 1998 and lived, worked and exhibited widely throughout Chicago and the Midwest from 1998 until relocating to New York in 2006. His 2007 concurrent solo exhibitions “In Praise of Darkness” at Chicago’s Western Exhibitions and “Black: Theories and Ongoing Research” at VONZWECK, also in Chicago, were documented in a joint catalog with an essay by artist and curator John Neff and an interview with Phillip von Zweck proprietor of VONZWECK. He was selected as one of the artists representing the United States in the 2nd Vienna Biennale in 2008.
Como’s work employs the use of the black field as a meditation on the constituent associations of the color black (Black Holes, Evil, Darkness) sometimes alongside referential diagrams detailing the focus of the Painting/Drawing/Object.

</doc>
<doc id="18947159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947159" title="Bloomfield Schools">
Bloomfield Schools

Bloomfield Schools (also known as the Bloomfield School District) is a public school district based in Bloomfield, New Mexico, United States. The district covers a area in eastern/southeastern San Juan County. In addition to Bloomfield, the district also serves the communities of Huerfano and Nageezi.
Demographics.
There were a total of 3,187 students enrolled in Bloomfield Schools during the 2007-2008 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 48.23% female and 51.77% male. The racial makeup of the district was 33.57% Hispanic, 33.04% White, 32.48% Native American, 0.56% African American, and 0.35% Asian/Pacific Islander.

</doc>
<doc id="18947170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947170" title="List of Ultras of Africa">
List of Ultras of Africa

This is a list of all the Ultra prominent peaks (with topographic prominence greater than 1,500 metres) in Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18947186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947186" title="Matt Wingard">
Matt Wingard

Matt Wingard is an American politician in the state of Oregon. He was appointed to fill a vacancy in the Oregon House of Representatives in 2008, and was elected to the seat in 2008 and re-elected in 2010. He represented District 26, which encompasses southeastern Washington County, including Sherwood; and southwestern Clackamas County, including Wilsonville. He did not seek re-election to a third term.
Early life.
Wingard received a BA in Broadcast Journalism at the University of Southern California. He began his career as a television reporter in Yakima, Washington, for KIMA-TV. He then served as a campaign manager and congressional aide to Congressman Doc Hastings who represents Central Washington State. In 2001, Wingard returned to Oregon and worked as legislative administrator at the Oregon State Capitol before starting his own consulting company in 2002. Wingard is the spokesman for the Oregon Connections Academy, an online charter school, that had an enrollment of 1,500 students as of 2007. He has been a vocal supporter of school choice.
Political career.
Wingard was appointed by Washington and Clackamas county commissioners to fill a vacancy in the Oregon House following the resignation of Jerry Krummel in August 2008, and announced his plans to seek election to a full term. During the campaign, it was revealed he was convicted in 2001 for misdemeanor assault for hitting his son on the head with a screwdriver. Wingard did community service and the conviction was eventually expunged. He won the November general election with 50% of the vote, defeating Democrat Jessica Adamson (45%) and Libertarian Marc Delphine (5%).
During the Seventy-fifth Oregon Legislative Assembly Wingard accomplishments include authoring HB 2476 which toughens sentences against athletic coaches who sexually abuse their young athletes, the Bill was Signed into law August 4, 2009. Wingard authored HB2512 which directs Department of Transportation to issue Fallen Public Safety Officer registration plates. Wingard introduced House Bill 2754 bill to provide tax-credit scholarships to low- and middle-income children throughout Oregon failed to pass a key legislative deadline in mid-April. Wingard has been a longtime supporter of school choice. Wingard is a believer in “individual responsibility, limited government, constitutional democracy, property rights and the free market.”
In February 2010 Wingard ignited a minor controversy when he extensively quoted an article during a speech on the floor of the Oregon House. Some claimed it was plagiarism but Wingard says he simply didn’t have time to cite his source.
In early June 2012, Wingard resigned from his post as the Deputy Republican Leader of the Oregon House of Representatives following allegations that he pressured a young woman who worked in his office at the capitol into a sexual relationship, and under pressure from then-Republican House leader Kevin Cameron, who told Wingard he would make a public call for his resignation if necessary. He admitted to the "Willamette Week" that the two did have a sexual relationship, but denied using his position to pressure the young woman. Later that month he abandoned his re-election campaign, but was to remain in office until the end of his term.
Wingard's alleged wrongdoing, and his ensuing interactions with Cameron, became the subject of international press coverage amid speculation about a visit several Republican lawmakers made to a topless bar in California.
Personal.
He has served on the Clackamas County Economic Development Commission and the Portfolio Options Committee of the Oregon Public Utility Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="18947188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947188" title="Soslan Tigiev">
Soslan Tigiev

Soslan Tigiev (born October 12, 1983) is an Uzbekistani wrestler who competed in the Men's Freestyle 74 kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal. He was also bronze medalist at 2006 Asian Games.
He originally won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's 74 kg category but his medal was stripped on November 7, 2012 after testing positive for the banned stimulant methylhexaneamine.

</doc>
<doc id="18947198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947198" title="Aljamdu">
Aljamdu

Aljamdu is a town in western Gambia. It is located in Upper Niumi District in the North Bank Division. As of 2008, it has an estimated population of 1,100.

</doc>
<doc id="18947245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947245" title="Raja Alwis">
Raja Alwis

Vidanelage Pemasiri Rajakaruna De Alwis (8 August 1951 - 27 August 1995) was a popular Sri Lankan educationist. Regarded as one of the best private mathematics tutors in Sri Lanka, he taught the subject of Pure Mathematics and Applied Mathematics to a large number of G.C.E. Advanced level students.
Early career.
Raja Alwis began his teaching profession at Royal College, Colombo, since 1975. He had unique tutoring techniques that soon became popular among students. He then started teaching mathematics in "Nalandaramaya", Nugegoda, a Colombo suburb, for a small group of students. Just into a few months into the new venture, student admissions to his classes increased multi-fold, resulting in him resigning from the academic staff at Royal College, Colombo to dedicate himself to full-time tutoring.
Maths Tuition.
Since the late 1970s until he died in 1995, he was tutoring G.C.E. Advanced level Mathematics to thousands of students a week,in many suburbs around Sri Lanka. The number of students in his classes continued to grow until the very last class of the G.C.E. Advanced level in 1995. The most packed class was conducted in the Rotary Hall Nugegoda, in the main hall downstairs,where he used to do lectures most days of the week. Raja also conducted classes in Wellawatte, Kurunegala and North West suburbs in Sri Lanka. Some Students travelled from as far as Katharagama (more than 200 km away from Colombo) to attend his lectures.
Pioneering ways of lessons.
His pioneering ways of lessons and the marque interesting language used were ever so admired and are still affectionately remembered by students. Raja Alwis was best recognized for his exceptional talent of clearing up the most complicated of advanced mathematical theories with utter ease. There is little doubt that he was generously helped by his energetic expressions.
Total dedication and interest in teaching was a manner of his life, and thus he made sure there was nothing in the syllabus that the students found complicated to grasp. Raja's methods always paid-off. Their accomplishment was evident by many of his students achieving good grades and a large number of them gaining admission to university. Lots of students considered Raja as their liberator when it came to G.C.E. Advanced level mathematics.
Good-hearted person.
On many occasions, Raja Alwis went well beyond his responsibility as a teacher to help disadvantaged students. It was well known in the student circles throughout those times that Raja Alwis even paid out of his pocket boarding fees of needy students who could not afford accommodation on their own, but who had come to Colombo from rural areas to study. Countless number of students, who were not capable to pay the tuition fees, simply didn't have to. Raja was an extremely generous gentleman who allowed them to attend his classes for free.
Death.
Raja Alwis died under tragic circumstance on 27 August 1995 in New Zealand during his vacation. Even after his death, his ways of teaching Applied Mathematics had become popular among other tutors in Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="18947247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947247" title="Xerobdellidae">
Xerobdellidae

Xerobdellidae are a small family of "jawed leeches". The latter might be (but probably are not) a natural, monophyletic group of hirudiniform proboscisless leeches. Xerobdellidae have three jaws and five pairs of eyes, the fourth and fifth being separated by one or two eyeless segments. One each of the mere three genera placed herein occurs in Chile ("Mesobdella") and Europe ("Xerobdella"). "Diestecostoma" is more widespread and found in Central and northern South America. This peculiar distribution strongly suggests they are a relict Pangaean group, which had already been present by the start of the Jurassic 250 million years ago.
These leeches resemble the Haemadipsidae and were included there by many authors, but this has always been controversial. Their status as a distinct family is supported by sequence analysis of the nuclear 18S and 28S rDNA and mitochondrial COI genes as well as the anatomy of their sexual organs and nephridia; the latter are located at the belly rather than along the body sides as in the Haemadipsidae proper.
They feed on blood – typically of amphibians – and small invertebrate except "Mesobdella", which is exclusively a blood-feeder and has been recorded to attack humans on occasion.

</doc>
<doc id="18947256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947256" title="List of atheists (surnames A to B)">
List of atheists (surnames A to B)

Atheists with surnames starting A and B, sortable by the field for which they are mainly known and nationality.

</doc>
<doc id="18947289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947289" title="TELE Greenland">
TELE Greenland

The TELE Greenland A/S Group is the main telecommunication and postal provider in Greenland. Its headquarters are in Nuuk. It is divided into three business units:
TELE-POST is the collective name for the three business units.
It has a subsidiary. TELE Greenland International A/S provides telecom operator services including VSAT services, equipment maintenance for customers and telehousing as well as operations of Greenland Connect. Its activities are based in Copenhagen Teleport, at Denmark. From there, TELE operates and manages all traffic to and from Greenland. Top Level Domain for Greenland .gl digital document management systems and communications solutions.
TELE Greenland A/S was created in 1997, by the merging of TELE Greenland and Kalaallit Allakkeriviat (Greenland Postal Service). After the merger, Kalaallit Allakkeriviat became a business unit and was renamed as POST Greenland. The common designation "TELE-POST" for both business came into being.

</doc>
<doc id="18947292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947292" title="Maria Luisa Tucker">
Maria Luisa Tucker

Maria Luisa Tucker (born August 20, 1979) is an award-winning American journalist. She currently resides in New York City and is an editor at Youth Communication. She was formerly a staff writer at The Village Voice.
Education.
Tucker graduated with honors from Texas State University - San Marcos in 2000 with a B.A. in journalism. In 2006, she received an M.A. in American Studies from Columbia University.
Work experience.
Tucker started her journalism career while still at Texas State University, writing for The University Star, and was published in the Pulitzer-prize winning Fort Wayne News Sentinel. Since then, she has written for the Phoenix New Times, The Press-Enterprise, and Austin Monthly Magazine. By 2002, Tucker was a staff writer for the Santa Fe Reporter and remained there until her move to New York City.
While working towards her M.A., Tucker was an associate editor at the Columbia Journal of American Studies. Upon graduation in 2005, she was hired by AlterNet, where she stayed until late spring of 2006. Her contributions to the website included stories on immigration and social justice.
The Village Voice.
Tucker's first freelance article for The Village Voice appeared in July 2006. She then joined the staff in 2007 and has since written about a white supremacist group visiting New York City, rezoning battles in the Lower East Side and Harlem, as well as providing in-depth coverage of the Brigitte Harris trial.
Awards.
Tucker has won two awards during her employment at the Santa Fe Reporter. New Mexico Press Association awarded her 1st place in the "Investigative Reporting" category in 2002. The following year, the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies awarded her 1st place in the "Media Reporting" category in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18947312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947312" title="Allunhari">
Allunhari


</doc>
<doc id="18947325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947325" title="Nogawan">
Nogawan

Nogawan is a small town on Bassi-Morinda road, about 6 km from Bassi Pathana. It is fast growing town and proudly houses a Senior Secondary School, Petrol Pump, Gurudwara, Flour Mill, Post Office, Railway station, Telephone Exchange, Bus Stand, Animal Husbandry and a Dispensary. 
Importance.
This town serves as a transportation hub and shopping centre for various villages around it, like:
The main profession of people is Agriculture. The popular Bhakhra Canal runs just one km away from it, and a small tributary from this canal serves as irrigation needs of this town and surrounding villages.

</doc>
<doc id="18947341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947341" title="List of number-one singles of 1987 (Ireland)">
List of number-one singles of 1987 (Ireland)

This is a list of singles which have reached number one on the Irish Singles Chart in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18947345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947345" title="Amdalai">
Amdalai

Amdalai is a town in western Gambia. It is located in Kombo North/Saint Mary District in the Western Division. As of 2008, it has an estimated population of 1,245.

</doc>
<doc id="18947347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947347" title="From Now On New Songs + Best Selection">
From Now On New Songs + Best Selection

Track listing.
CD1
CD2

</doc>
<doc id="18947356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947356" title="Nick Shaw">
Nick Shaw

Nick Shaw is an independent film maker and background artist.
He is known for his direction, writing and editing of the independent, fair trade film, "Bananas Unpeeled", highlighting the plight of plantation workers in Central America and the Caribbean, with an introduction by political activist and comedian, Mark Thomas.
In 1988, he was commissioned by the Arts Council of England to produce a feature documentary on the singer-songwriter, Ted Hawkins. Although the documentary was never released, some of the footage appears in the 1996 film "Ted Hawkins: Amazing Grace".
Recently he has worked on "Dean Spanley", "Princess Ka'iulani", "Malice in Wonderland", and "Series III" of "Kingdom".In 2010 he worked on Hugo Cabret for Martin Scorsese. Filming in 3D at Shepperton Studios took over six months to complete, and will be released in December 2011. Also in 2010 he appears in the Ealing Film Studios comedy Burke and Hare,as a barman for director John Landis. 
He has worked for various NGO's. Both with Greenpeace during the farm trial evaluations of genetically modified crops, and with Christian Aid, gathering testimonial evidence to complaints from the local diocese in Central America.
Earlier in his life, he was a freelance stills photographer, commissioned on board various Soviet cruise ships, including and . He later worked in New York City as a freelance stills photographer.

</doc>
<doc id="18947358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947358" title="Vomano">
Vomano

The Vomano () is a 76 km Italian river, which runs through Montorio al Vomano and Roseto degli Abruzzi in region of Abruzzo. It rises from Monte San Franco in Gran Sasso and enters the sea at Roseto degli Abruzzi.

</doc>
<doc id="18947359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947359" title="Hugo Cortez">
Hugo Cortez

Hugo Cortez is a Portuguese footballer (Winger/Striker), who played for Lech Poznań 2005/2006. Hugo Cortez was (born December 1985 in Lisbon Portugal).
Early career.
The Portuguese footballer Hugo Cortez first came to Poland in 2005 following a spell in the junior teams of the S.U. Sintrence club in his homeland. His performances on trial with Lech Poznań of the Orange Ekstraklasa prompted them to sign him on a three-year contract.
Injury.
Hugo Cortez had an unlucky beginning to 05/06 season, damaging his Knee on the friendly match preparing the season in an unfortunate 2–1 defeat to Lechia Gdansk.

</doc>
<doc id="18947364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947364" title="Charles Mears">
Charles Mears

Charles Mears was a Michigan lumber businessman, a Chicago, Illinois capitalist, and a developer of the western part of Michigan.
Early life.
Mears was the son of Nathan Mears and his wife Lucy. Mears had an older brother, Edwin. His next brother, Nathan, was younger than him, with his sister, Lucy Ann, younger yet and the youngest sibling was Elbert (also known as "Albert"). His grandfather was Thomas Mears, a minuteman in the American Revolutionary War. Mears was born in North Billerica, Massachusetts on March 16, 1814. His mother's family had the Scottish name of Levistone; which was anglicized to "Livingston." Mears's father was, from 1821 to 1828, one of the town’s fathers. He built and operated a sawmill, owned several farms, and kept a store. 
In 1795, ground was broken at Billerica Mills for the Middlesex Canal (the first canal in the United States) which opened in 1802. Mears’s father owned one of the locks on the canal. Mears and his brothers became familiar with canals, canal locks, control of water power for dams, and mill machinery because of their father’s operations on the Concord River.
Mears and his siblings were not allowed to follow their own desires, which was the New England custom of the time. Mears used to look forward to "Training Day" because then he could get "a card of gingerbread." He was ambitious, revealing his early entrepreneurial trends. He was known to have said he was willing to "run a mile for a nickel." 
Unfortunately, Mears and his siblings were left orphans very early in their lives by the death of their mother in 1827 and of their father a year later. Guardians were then appointed to take care of them. They were sent to the academies of that day to finish their education. Mears went to country schools to learn his basic schooling and then went to trade school in Lowell, Massachusetts to learn the cabinet trade.
Adulthood.
One account has Mears in the lumber and provision trade in Massachusetts in 1835 and 1836. By then Mears and his brothers, like most of the young men of New England, were looking toward “the West” for new life adventures. In 1836 Mears's sister married and the brothers no longer felt obligated to stay in Massachusetts. They studied the “Farmer's map of Michigan” and decided to move to the newly opened western territory of Michigan. Mears and his brothers went to Paw Paw, Michigan, because of the Paw Paw River and its navigational capabilities to Lake Michigan.
They decided to start a general merchandise business in Paw Paw which they called E. & C. Mears & Co. In the fall of 1836 they bought a large and general stock of goods which they shipped from Detroit. The steamer carrying this first set of goods was routed through the Straits of Mackinac and then down south on the western coast of Michigan to St. Joseph and eventually to Paw Paw. However their first stock shipment was broken into at Mackinac and much of it stolen. They took a stand and eventually prospered in Paw Paw in spite of the hardships. In 1837 their youngest brother Albert came to join them from "the East."
The business Mears and his brothers did consisted of buying and selling anything which the few white settlers and the many Indians might wish to purchase or dispose of. Game was plentiful and a large business was done in furs. The firm may have also speculated in land and village lots, since the records of the county recorder indicate that they did acquire title to land which they later sold.
Mears soon became restless having heard of locations farther north along the Lake Michigan shoreline better suited for general business and lumbering. He was anxious to reach this virgin territory in order to obtain some of this valuable pine timber in advance of the speculators already coming in large numbers. An exploring expedition was decided upon by Mears and his older brother. A small craft was built for the purpose of navigating the rivers going north and Lake Michigan. The sixteen year old Albert was also eager to go. They added to the party two other men called Charles Herrick and Benjamin True or Trew. It was on or about May 8, 1837 when they left Paw Paw and went as far north as Manistee. Going into 1838 they scouted out many areas with lumber mills along the Lake Michigan western shoreline. They came back down south and settled initially in an area now called Whitehall, Michigan. 
In the next 25 years, Mears would purchase about of land in Michigan, construct and operate 15 mills, and build five harbors along the western coast of Michigan for the transport of his lumber. Mears was known as the "Christopher Columbus of the West Coast."
Western Michigan development.
Mears had a hand in developing many of the towns on the west coast of Michigan. His motive for doing this was because he owned thousands of acres of timber land and needed to transport the lumber from his sawmill operations to Chicago. He was well known for opening many harbors in towns of western Michigan to be able to transport his lumber.
Mears built and sailed his own boats. He also constructed and operated his own sawmills for his lumber since he owned thousands of acres of timber in Michigan.
Pentwater.
Mears dug a wider channel for the Pentwater River going to Lake Michigan that wandered through the sand dunes area. He built his sawmill on its north bank in 1855 to make and haul lumber to his yards in Chicago.
Mears shortly thereafter built a store and boarding house for the necessary people he needed for labor to work his sawmills. When he discovered a deposit of clay there, he built a tile and brick factory. Mears first called this community Middlesex and it was renamed to Pentwater when the village was formed in 1867.
Whitehall.
In 1837 Mears built his first lumber mill on White Lake. Mears platted the village of Whitehall along with Giles B. Slocum around 1859. It was originally named “Mears” which in 1862 was renamed to “Whitehall” because of its association with nearby White Lake. The town is a strategic location for floating and distributing lumber to Lake Michigan. The town prospered because of this advantage.
Ludington.
Mears built sawmills in the Ludington area in settlements then called Little Sauble (1851) and Big Sable (1854). These two settlements were later renamed by Mears to Lincoln and Hamlin in 1861 in honor of the successful Republican Presidential ticket. 
Mears served in the Michigan senate and was a member of the Republican Party. He was a personal friend to Abraham Lincoln and had the town he lived in near Ludington renamed to "Lincoln."
The Mason County Courthouse was moved from Burr Caswell's farmhouse to Lincoln in 1861 to the first building specifically built as a courthouse for Mason County, Michigan. The county seat moved into the city of Ludington in 1873 when Mears built some sawmills in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18947372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947372" title="Baja Kunda">
Baja Kunda

Baja Kunda is a town in eastern Gambia. It is located in Wuli District in the Upper River Division. As of 2008, it has an estimated population of 3,924.

</doc>
<doc id="18947388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947388" title="35th parallel">
35th parallel

35th parallel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18947400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947400" title="Bonnington Aqueduct">
Bonnington Aqueduct

The Bonnington Aqueduct is an aqueduct on the Union Canal, to the west of Edinburgh, Scotland.
The canal and the M8 motorway pass over the B7030 Cliftonhall Road, quite close to each other.
On the canal, the aqueduct is located between Bridge 15 (Ratho Bridge) and Bridge 16 (Nellfield Bridge).
The aqueduct is named after the village of Bonnington to the south, near the border with West Lothian.
Grid Reference NT 117 710

</doc>
<doc id="18947406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947406" title="Common Reaction">
Common Reaction

Common Reaction is the debut album from Uh Huh Her, which was released on August 19, 2008 in the United States. This is an elextro/pop album that features Camila Grey's voice and Leisha Hailey's abilities to guitar and keyboard. 
The track "Explode" was used as a soundtrack in the series The L Word, in the third episode of the fifth season "Lady Of The Lake". The appearance of the song is a tribute to Leisha Hailey, who plays "Alice" in the show. The track "Dreamer" was used in the 15th episode of the eighth season of "Smallville". 

</doc>
<doc id="18947412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947412" title="Somethin' Special (Beijing Olympic Mix)">
Somethin' Special (Beijing Olympic Mix)

"Somethin' Special (Beijing Olympic Mix)" is a song by pop singer Colbie Caillat, released on July 29, 2008, for charity. The song now appears on the compilation created to give support to the American athletes participating in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, "AT&T Team USA Soundtrack." A promotional music video of the song was released in August 2008.
The song was also featured in the 2009 film "Bride Wars", however the version played in the film had different lyrics which suggests that it was the original mix, not the Beijing Olympic Mix. The film did not have a soundtrack so the original version remained unreleased until her second album, "Breakthrough", where it appears as a bonus track on the Rhapsody edition.

</doc>
<doc id="18947418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947418" title="William Craven (Lord Mayor of London)">
William Craven (Lord Mayor of London)

Sir William Craven (1548 – 18 July 1618) was an English merchant, Lord Mayor of London in 1610 (some sources say also in 1618). It has been suggested that the story of Dick Whittington is based on Craven's career, and he is sometime referred to as "Aptrick's Dick Whittington".
Life.
He was the second son of William Craven and Beatrix, daughter of John Hunter, and grandson of John Craven, was born at Appletreewick, a village in the parish of Burnsall, near Skipton in the West Riding of Yorkshire, about 1548. The date is made probable by the fact that he took up his freedom in 1569. At the age of thirteen or fourteen he was sent up to London by the common carrier and bound apprentice to Robert Hulson, merchant taylor, who lived in Watling Street. Having been admitted to the freedom of the Merchant Taylors' Company on 4 November 1569, Craven appears entered into business with Hulson, and subsequently quarrelled with him, with an arbitrated settlement in 1583.
In 1588 Craven took a lease from the Mercers' Company of a mansion house in Watling Street, where he carried on business with Robert and John Parker until his death. He was elected warden of his company on 4 July 1593, and on 19 July 1594 he was made one of the court of assistants. On 2 April 1600 he was elected alderman for Bishopsgate ward, and on 14 February 1601 he was chosen sheriff of London. On 15 May 1602 he became alderman of Cordwainer ward. He was knighted at Whitehall by James I on 26 July 1603.
Craven was lord mayor of London for 1610–11, and the show, which had been suspended for some years, was revived with splendour. Christian, Prince of Anhalt, was entertained with his entourage at the feast at the Guildhall afterwards. On 14 January 1612 Craven became alderman of Lime Street ward; he had moved his residence from St. Antholin's to a house built by Stephen Kirton, in the parish of St. Andrew Undershaft, Cornhill. This house was on the south side of Leadenhall Street; it was leased to the East India Company in 1620 and pulled down, and the East India House erected in 1726. During Craven's mayoralty his name appears in connection with loans to the king.
In 1616 Lady Elizabeth Coke, wife of Sir Edward Coke, on occasion of her quarrel with her husband, was at his request handed over to the hospitality of Craven, who must have entertained her at his house in Leadenhall Street. The last public act recorded of Craven is the laying of the foundation-stone of the new Aldgate on 26 May 1618.
On 1 July 1618 he attended the court of the Merchant Taylors' Company for the last time. He was buried at St. Andrew Undershaft on 11 August 1618.
Family.
He married Elizabeth Whitmore, probably about 1605; she was a daughter of William Whitmore(d.1593) of Apley Hall, Salop and Balmes Manor, Hackney, haberdasher and alderman of London. Her second brother was Sir George Whitmore(d.1654), Lord Mayor of London. They had five children: Elizabeth, Mary, William (Baron Craven of Hampstead Marshall, Berkshire and 1st Earl of Craven), John (Baron Craven of Ryton) and Thomas. In 1622 his surviving daughter Elizabeth married Percy Herbert, 2nd Baron Powis. His (?will) was openly read in court on 29 July 1618.
The second son, John Craven, founder of the Craven scholarships at Oxford and Cambridge, was commoner of Trinity College, Oxford, 1626–8. Charles I created him Baron Craven of Ryton, Shropshire, 21 March 1643. He died in 1649, and left no issue by his wife, Elizabeth, daughter of William, Lord Spencer.
Legacy.
In 1596 he made a donation towards the building of the library of St John's College, Oxford, recorded on one of the library windows.
He founded the grammar school in Burnsall, North Yorkshire, in 1602; this building has been in use as a school ever since then and now houses Burnsall V. A. Primary School. The inscription "William Craven Alderman of London founder of this Schoole Anno Domini 1601" can still be seen on a panel above the school door. In 1604 he was one of the patrons of ‘the scheme of a new college after the manner of a university designed at Ripon, Yorkshire’. On 9 January 1611 he was elected president of Christ's Hospital, a post he occupied up to his death. His donations to the hospital included lands to the value of £1,000 at Ugley in Essex. On 2 July 1613 he conveyed to St John's College the advowson of Creeke in Northamptonshire ‘upon trust that one of the ten senior fellows elected from (Merchant Taylors') School should be presented thereto’. In 1617 he joined with others in subscribing £1,000 towards the repair and decoration of St. Antholin's Church.
By John Craven's will, dated 18 May 1647, he left large charitable bequests to Burnsall, Skipton, Ripon, Ripley, Knaresborough, and Boroughbridge, and money for redeeming captives in Algiers. His most important legacy was that of the manor of Cancerne, near Chichester, Sussex, to provide £100 for four poor scholars, two at Cambridge and two at Oxford, with preference to his own poor kinsmen. The first award under the bequest was made at Cambridge 16 May 1649. The fund was immediately afterwards sequestrated by parliament, and on 7 May 1651 a petition was presented for the payment of the scholarships. In 1654 the sequestration was discharged. The bequest was maintained at both universities.
See also.
Earl of Craven

</doc>
<doc id="18947424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947424" title="HMS Sans Pareil (1794)">
HMS Sans Pareil (1794)

HMS "Sans Pareil" "("Without Equal")" was an 80-gun third rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy. She was formerly the French ship "Sans Pareil", but was captured in 1794 and spent the rest of her career in service with the British.
French service.
"Sans Pareil" was built at Brest as a , to a design by Groignard. She was launched on 8 June 1793, but spent less than a year in service with the French navy. She sailed into the Atlantic in May 1794, under the command of Captain Courand, as part of a squadron under Rear-Admiral Joseph-Marie Nielly. She was Nielly's flagship for the operation, which aimed to meet a corn convoy inbound from North America, under Pierre Jean Van Stabel. Neilly initially failed to make contact with the French convoy, but on 9 May 1794 the squadron came across a British one, escorted by HMS "Castor", under the command of Captain Thomas Troubridge. The squadron attacked and captured the "Castor", and a number of the convoy's ships. The "Castor" was only briefly in French hands, being retaken by HMS "Carysfort" on 29 May. 
Having made contact with the approaching convoy, the squadron began the return voyage. During this, a French fleet under Admiral Louis Thomas Villaret de Joyeuse was intercepted by a British fleet under Lord Howe, and a series of sporadic actions were fought on 28 and 29 May. Neilly brought some of his larger ships, including the "Sans Pareil" to join Villaret, sending the convoy on ahead escorted by frigates. The fleets eventually clashed in force at the Glorious First of June, where "Sans Pareil" formed part of the French rear. During the battle HMS "Royal George", flagship of Vice-Admiral Alexander Hood, broke the French line ahead of "Sans Pareil", bringing down her fore and mizzen masts with a broadside. HMS "Glory" then passed across her stern, shooting away her main mast. Disabled and unmanageable, "Sans Pareil" drifted out of the line and was taken by HMS "Majestic". Aboard her were found Troubridge and 50 men and officers of the "Castor". They were released and helped to bring the damaged "Sans Pareil" into Spithead. "Sans Pareil" had possibly lost as many as 260 of her crew, with another 120 wounded.
British service.
The "Sans Pareil" was commissioned into the Royal Navy, and was initially commanded from March 1795 by Captain Lord Hugh Seymour, who was promoted to Rear-Admiral on 1 June 1795, the first anniversary of the Glorious First. He was succeeded in the command by Captain W. Browell in August 1795, but she continued to serve as Seymour's flagship, with the Channel Fleet. She was then present as part of a fleet under Admiral Hood at another engagement with Villaret, the Battle of Groix on 22 June, where she engaged the French ships "Formidable" and "Peuple", losing ten killed, and having another two wounded. The "Formidable" was subsequently taken, joining the Royal Navy as HMS "Belleisle". Seymour left the ship after this, being appointed to the Board of Admiralty in autumn 1795.
"Sans Pareil" continued to sail off the French coast, using her French build to her advantage by flying the French ensign and luring privateers to come within range. Seymour returned on a number of occasions, retaining her as his flagship for several cruises. By January 1799 Captain Atkins had taken command of "Sans Pareil", but by August Captain Charles Penrose had replaced him. She then sailed to the West Indies, again as Seymour's flagship.
At some point in 1800 or 1801, "Sans Pareil" captured the , which the British took into service under that name. Interestingly, the "London Gazette" reports that on 9 April 1800, "Sans Pareil" captured the Spanish trader "Guakerpin", of 165 tons burthen (bm), ten guns and 38 men. She belonged to Saint Andero, and was sailing from there to Vera Cruz with a cargo of iron, porter, and linens.
On 27 March, "Sans Pareil" captured two small French privateer schooners. One was the "Pensee", of four guns and 65 men. She was from Guadeloupe and had set out on cruise from Pointe-à-Pitre when she was captured. The second was the "Sapajon", of six guns and 48 men. Both were from Guadeloupe and had set out on cruise from Pointe-à-Pitre when they was captured.
Seymour contracted a fever and died on 11 September 1801. Penrose too became ill and had to return to Britain. "Sans Pareil" then came under the command of Captain William Essington, and served as the flagship of Admiral Richard Montague. She returned to Plymouth on 4 September 1802.
Fate.
After her return to Plymouth the Lords of the Admiralty wished immediately to recommission her as a guardship, but then she was put into ordinary instead because she was so in need of repair. In 1805 she was ordered repaired. The subsequent major refit lasted for 18 months and cost £35,000. This turned her into a prison hulk, and by 1807 she was used to hold French prisoners-of-war. She was reduced to a sheer hulk at Plymouth in October 1810, and spent another 32 years in service. "Sans Pareil" was finally broken up in October 1842.

</doc>
<doc id="18947426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947426" title="Mauro Vinícius da Silva">
Mauro Vinícius da Silva

Mauro Vinicius Hilario Lourenço da Silva, commonly known as Duda (born 26 December 1986 in Presidente Prudente) is a Brazilian long jumper. His personal best jump is 8.28 metres, achieved in March 2012 in Istanbul at the World Indoor Championships. He competed at the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18947443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947443" title="Bakadaji">
Bakadaji

Bakadaji is a town in eastern Gambia. It is located in Fulladu East District in the Upper River Division. As of 2008, it has an estimated population of 2,151.

</doc>
<doc id="18947447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947447" title="AT&amp;T Team USA Soundtrack">
AT&amp;T Team USA Soundtrack

AT&T Team USA Soundtrack is a sporting compilation by various artists, created for the 2008 Summer Olympics, in Beijing. On the album appear singers and bands like Lady Antebellum, 3 Doors Down, Nelly, Queen Latifah, Chris Brown, Sheryl Crow, Kate Voegele, and Taylor Swift. The album consist of 15 English tracks and one Spanish track by Luis Fonsi. The album was released on the USA iTunes Store on August 7, 2008, and can be accessed through its official website.

</doc>
<doc id="18947450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947450" title="Sebastian Bayer">
Sebastian Bayer

Sebastian Bayer (born 11 June 1986 in Aachen, Germany) is a German long jumper best known for having history's second longest indoor long jump.
Biography.
He won the silver medal at the 2005 European Junior Championships. He also competed at the 2006 European Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
On 8 March 2009 at the European Indoor Track and Field Championships in Torino, Italy, Bayer long jumped to win the gold medal. This is the second longest indoor long jump in history, behind Carl Lewis’ world indoor record set on 27 January 1984 at the Millrose Games in New York City, NY. Bayer's jump also bested the European indoor record, formerly held by Yago Lamela from Spain, by . His result is also superior to the German national outdoor record of set at the 1980 Summer Olympic games in Moscow by Lutz Dombrowski. Prior to this meet Bayer’s personal record was . 
Personal bests.
Key: ER = European record, NR = National record
Last updated 15 September 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18947453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947453" title="Martin Schirenc">
Martin Schirenc

Martin Schirenc (born December 18, 1968 in Vienna) is an Austrian guitarist and vocalist, best known as a founder of death metal/grindcore band Pungent Stench and symphonic death metal band Hollenthon.
His former wife, Elena, is a member and main lyricist of Hollenthon.

</doc>
<doc id="18947471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947471" title="List of Welsh Highland Railway rolling stock">
List of Welsh Highland Railway rolling stock

This is a list of the rolling stock owned by the Festiniog Railway Company which is used to operate the Welsh Highland Railway
Ffestiniog Railway locomotives used on the WHR.
The following locomotives are normally Ffestiniog Railway stock that have run on the WHR. Some have transferred for regular service, to cover for maintenance and traction requirements before there were enough dedicated WHR locomotives to operate the passenger service, others were for construction purposes only. With the FR-WHR link now open, FR locos visit fairly regularly on special services.
Coaches.
The original source of information for this table was the: "Rheilffordd Eryri - Welsh Highland Railway Traveller's Guide" published by the Ffestiniog Railway Company in 2002. This has been supplemented by later information as it became available. Updated start of season 2011

</doc>
<doc id="18947479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947479" title="Bakindick Mandinka">
Bakindick Mandinka

Bakindick Mandinka is a town in western Gambia. It is located in Lower Niumi District in the North Bank Division. As of 2008, it has an estimated population of 1,801.

</doc>
<doc id="18947497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947497" title="Somali Petroleum Company">
Somali Petroleum Company

The Somali Petroleum Company (SPC) is a petroleum exploration and production company in Somalia. It was created by the Transitional Federal Government of Somalia on 19 August 2008 in order to manage and develop Somalia's hydrocarbon resources.
Stakeholders.
SPC is jointly owned by:

</doc>
<doc id="18947499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947499" title="Peter of Lencastre, 5th Duke of Aveiro">
Peter of Lencastre, 5th Duke of Aveiro

Pedro de Lencastre, or Peter of Lencastre (Azeitão, 1608 – Lisbon, 1673), was the youngest son of Álvaro and Juliana of Lencastre, 3rd Dukes of Aveiro.
He studied theology in the University of Coimbra and he became successively Bishop of Guarda, Archbishop of Évora and Archbishop of Braga.
In spite of the Portuguese rebellion against the Spanish, his nephew, Raimundo of Lencastre, 4th Duke of Aveiro actively supported the rights of the Habsburg Kings and, in 1663, the new King of the Braganza Dynasty, John IV, decided to confiscate the Dukedom.
However, Peter of Lencastre, a Braganza supporter, requested the cancellation of this decision and, finally in 1668, he was recognised as 5th Duke of Aveiro and Marquis of Torres Novas.
Later the same year, when the peace between Portugal and Spain was signed, Peter’s niece, Maria de Guadalupe of Lencastre, sister and heir of the 4th Duke, requested the cancellation of the decision that granted the Dukedom of Aveiro to her uncle, in order to obtain it for herself.
Due to Peter of Lencastre's death in 1673, Maria de Guadalupe of Lencastre, still living in Spain, was recognised as the new Duchess of Aveiro on condition she would return to Portugal.
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil” – Vol. II, page 345. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18947505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947505" title="Lift Me Up (Kate Voegele song)">
Lift Me Up (Kate Voegele song)

"Lift Me Up" is a promo single from singer/songwriter Kate Voegele's second studio album, "A Fine Mess". This single, and the rest of her album, is produced by Mike Elizondo, who has worked with the likes of P!nk and Maroon 5. The song was included in 2008 on the Beijing Olympic Games soundtrack, sponsored by AT&T.
Charts.
AT&T Version
New Edit. Version

</doc>
<doc id="18947507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947507" title="Barajally">
Barajally

Barajally is a small town in central Gambia. It is located in Niani District in the Central River Division. As of 2008, it has an estimated population of 878.
It is the birthplace of President Dawda Jawara.

</doc>
<doc id="18947522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947522" title="Bambali">
Bambali

Bambali is a town in eastern Gambia. It is located in Upper Baddibu District in the North Bank Division. As of 2012, it has an estimated population of 1,264.

</doc>
<doc id="18947523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947523" title="NWE">
NWE

Nwe or NWE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18947529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947529" title="Otto Pollmann">
Otto Pollmann

Otto Franz Pollmann (3 March 1915 – 28 February 1958) was a "Kapitänleutnant" of the Reserves with the "Kriegsmarine" during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Pollmann is credited with the destruction of 14 submarines, though only one, the sinking of HMS "Tigris" in February 1943, can be substantiated.
Following World War II, Pollmann joined the military service of the Federal Republic of Germany with the Bundesmarine of the Bundeswehr on 1 July 1956 holding the rank of "Korvettenkapitän" (corvette captain). Here he served in the staff of the department for submarine hunters of the commando for Naval weapons. Pollmann died on 28 February 1958 while on active duty serving as a NATO liaison officer in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="18947543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947543" title="Cyprus at the Commonwealth Games">
Cyprus at the Commonwealth Games

Cyprus have competed in seven Commonwealth Games, making their first appearance in 1978, and missing only one Games since, in 1986. Cyprus have won twenty Commonwealth medals, most of them in Shooting. 

</doc>
<doc id="18947544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947544" title="Bob Correll">
Bob Correll

Bob "Crazy" Correll (born January 7, 1942) is a former daredevil and stuntman from Long Beach, California. According to his official biography from Balls, Unlimited, Inc., Correll has enjoyed a varied career racing motorcycles, drag cars, stock cars, and go-carts. He has also flown hang gliders, sail planes, powered planes, and hot-air balloons. From the 1970s to the late 1990s Bob Correll was associated with the following ventures:
Since 2000, Correll has retired from the spotlight. He currently lives in Southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="18947561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947561" title="Fluellen">
Fluellen

Fluellen is a fictional character in the play "Henry V" by William Shakespeare. Fluellen is a Welsh Captain, a leader of a contingent of troops in the small army of the English King while on campaign in France during the Hundred Years' War. Bardolph and Fluellen are Stratford names that appear on the 1592 recusant list, alongside that of William Shakespeare’s father.
The name.
The name 'Fluellen' is the anglicised version of the Welsh language surname Llewellyn or Llywelyn. The English, finding it difficult to render the Welsh sound ), employ the sequence "fl", as they did with "Floyd" for "Lloyd".
Character.
Shakespeare adheres to his seemingly common principle of portraying Welsh characters in his plays as basically comedic, offering the audience an opportunity to mock the manners, language, temperament and outmoded attitudes of their Celtic neighbours; compare with Glendower in "Henry IV, Part One" and Sir Hugh Evans the Welsh Parson in "The Merry Wives of Windsor". All are wordy 'Welsh windbags', with amusing speech patterns, pronunciations and reactionary, overly sensitive and pedantic to a degree. Fluellen's obsession with proper military procedure epitomises this.
However, Fluellen has some 281 lines in "Henry V" and is not simply a peripheral character or merely comic in nature. The character is well rounded, affords humour but avoids buffoonery and also generates great affection from the audience, having poignancy, scope and dramatic range.
We see him first as a soldier, albeit driving rather than leading his soldiers into the breach. His appearance comes after the bombastic 'Once more unto the breach..' speech delivered by the King and he drives the comic stragglers Bardolph, Nym, Pistol and the Boy towards the enemy. Into the scene his character is immediately fleshed out with the emphasis on Fluellen's much mentioned 'disciplines of the wars' and the first opportunity for a smirk at his accent, mannerisms and delivery.
However as the play develops just in case there should be any underestimation of the Welshman's qualities it is the King himself who Shakespeare has deliver the words:
"Though it appear a little out of fashion,<br>
There is much care and valour in this Welshman."
By the end of the play the audience comes to share the King's perspective, the affection for the character being firmly secured by Fluellen's words after the seemingly miraculous victory at Agincourt, just after the French herald Montjoy comes to cede for peace Fluellen's relief and joy bursts out in his interchange with the King culminating in his tearful "By Jeshu, I am your majesty's countryman, I care not who know it; I will confess it to all the 'orld: I need not to be ashamed of your majesty, praised be God, so long as your majesty is an honest man." At this point Henry refers to his own Welsh origins, declaring "I am Welsh".
Another scene towards the end of the play also undermines the mockery in the portrayal of the Welsh Fluellen: Pistol mocks Fluellen for wearing a leek in his cap on St. David's Day in commemoration of a legendary Welsh victory against the Saxons. Fluellen beats Pistol and makes him eat the leek, with his comrade-in-arms Gower commenting, "You thought, because he could not speak English in the native garb, he could not therefore handle an English cudgel: you find it otherwise; and henceforth let a Welsh correction teach you a good English condition."
Origins.
The character of Fluellen may well have origins based on historical figures who may have been familiar to at least some of the contemporary theatre audience; comparisons have been made between Fluellen and two real life Welsh soldiers. One was Dafydd Gam, a medieval Welshman who fought for King Henry IV of England and his son against Owain Glyndŵr during the Welsh rebellion of the early 15th century and subsequently accompanied Henry V of England to France where he was killed at the Battle of Agincourt. (Gam is mentioned by name in the play as one of the casualties.) The other was an Elizabethan era Welsh soldier of fortune Roger Williams who would certainly have been known at the time the play was written and performed.
Actors playing Fluellen in modern times.
Fluellen has been portrayed by several notable actors such as :

</doc>
<doc id="18947568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947568" title="Harringay Green Lanes">
Harringay Green Lanes

Harringay Green Lanes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18947573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947573" title="Bani, Gambia">
Bani, Gambia

Bani is a town in far eastern Gambia. It is located in Kantora District in the Upper River Division. As of 2008, it has an estimated population of 1,177.

</doc>
<doc id="18947587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947587" title="Banana Support Programme">
Banana Support Programme

The European Union's Banana Support Programme is a financial support program for the Jamaican banana industry. Since 1999 the program has provided more than €40 million in aid to the industry, with the goals of supporting diversification where possible and improving the competitiveness of banana producers in an increasingly liberal market.

</doc>
<doc id="18947590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947590" title="Ephippus of Olynthus">
Ephippus of Olynthus

"For other uses, see Ephippus"
Ephippus ("Ephippos") of Olynthus was an Ancient Greek historian of Alexander the Great.
It is commonly believed, though no reason is assigned, that Ephippus lived about or shortly after the time of Alexander. There is however a passage in Arrian which would determine the age of Ephippus very accurately, if it could be proved that the Ephippus there mentioned is identical with the historian. Arrian says, that Alexander before leaving Egypt appointed Aeschylus of Rhodes and Ephippus ton Chalkideôs, superintendents ("episkopoi") of the administration of Egypt. The reading "ton Chalkideôs", though adopted by the recent editors of Arrian, is not in all MSS., and some editions read "Chalkidona" or "Chalkêdona"; but if we might amend "Chalkideaa", we should have reason for supposing that the person mentioned by Arrian is the same as Ephippus of Olynthus, for Olynthus was the principal town in Chalcidice, and Ephippus might just as well be called a native of Olynthus as of Chalcidice. 
If the Ephippus then in Arrian be the same as the historian, he was a contemporary of Alexander and survived him for some time, for he wrote an account of the king's burial. The work of Ephippus is distinctly referred to by Athenaeus only, though Diodorus and others also seem to have made use of it. Athenaeus calls it in some passages "peri tês Alexandron kai Hêphaistiônos metallagês", and in others he has "taphês" or "teleutês" instead of "metallagês", so that at all events we must conclude that it contained an account of the burial of Alexander as well as of his death.
From the few fragments still extant, it would appear that Ephippus described more the private and personal character of his heroes than their public careers. It should be remarked that by a singular mistake Suidas in his article "Ephippus" gives an account of Ephorus of Cumae. 
Pliny mentions one Ephippus among the authorities he consulted upon plants, and it is generally believed that he is a different person from our historian; but all the writers whom Pliny mentions along with him, belong to the period of Alexander, so that it is by no means improbable that he may be Ephippus of Olynthus. All that is known about Ephippus and the fragments of his work, is collected by R. Geier, in his "Alexandri Magni Histor. Scriptores, actate suppares."

</doc>
<doc id="18947599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947599" title="Fiji at the Commonwealth Games">
Fiji at the Commonwealth Games

Fiji have competed in all but two Commonwealth Games since 1938, missing only 1990 and 1994, as they were not members of the Commonwealth during this time. Fiji have won fourteen Commonwealth medals across six sports. 
The country is currently suspended from the Commonwealth, and was banned from taking part in the 2010 Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18947603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947603" title="Lilium maculatum">
Lilium maculatum

Lilium maculatum (Japanese: スカシユリ(透百合), "Sukashiyuri") is a plant native to the central and northern regions of Japan. 
It is a stem rooting lily, growing 20 to 60 centimeters high. It bears a number of orange flowers with red-brown spots. 
Varieties include var. "bukosanense" (Miyama-sukashiyuri) and var. "monticola" (Yama-sukashiyuri).

</doc>
<doc id="18947608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947608" title="L. B. King and Company Building">
L. B. King and Company Building

The L. B. King and Company Building is a commercial building located at 1274 Library Street in Detroit, Michigan. It is also known as the Annis Furs Building. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1987.
History.
L. B. King was born in Detroit in 1851, was educated in the city, and earned a BS degree from the University of Michigan in 1874. After graduation, King joined his father's crockery and glassware firm, which had been founded in 1849. He rose through the ranks to become president of the company in 1907, by which time the company was specializing as a china wholesaler.
In 1910, King engaged architects Rogers and MacFarlane to design this building as their offices. The firm maintained its headquarters in the building from 1911 to 1932. In 1932, Annis Furs, a wholesale and retail furrier established by Newton Annis in 1887, moved into the building. They used the building until 1983, nearly the last example of the fur industry that helped found Detroit nearly 300 years earlier. In 1988, the building was refurbished by Frank Z. Martin.
Both L. B. King and Company and Annis Furs were prominent commercial firms in the history of Detroit. The building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places and the state of Michigan historic register in 1987.
Description.
The L. B. King and Company Building is a six-story commercial building with a steel frame with white terra cotta cladding on the facade. The facade of the lower two stories are virtually all glass; the upper four stories are divided into four vertical sections, each with Chicago-style windows. Atop the building is an elaborate cornice which was added in 1926. The building exemplifies the commercial Chicago style of architecture that was extensively used in the early twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="18947621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947621" title="Gibraltar at the Commonwealth Games">
Gibraltar at the Commonwealth Games

Gibraltar has competed at thirteen Commonwealth Games, having attended every Games since 1958. No athlete representing Gibraltar has won a Commonwealth medal to date.

</doc>
<doc id="18947623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947623" title="Charles Stone (mayor)">
Charles Stone (mayor)

Sir Charles Stone (20 August 1850–9 January 1931) was an English solicitor who served as Mayor of Greenwich through most of the First World War.
Stone was educated at the City of London School and was admitted a solicitor in 1872. He was elected an alderman of Greenwich in 1900 and served as mayor in 1903–1904, 1906–1907, 1911–1912, and 1915–1920. For these services he was knighted in the 1920 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="18947634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947634" title="Tesino">
Tesino

The Tesino () is a 37 km Italian river which flows through the region of Marche. It is born on the slopes of Monte La Torre, near Force in the Province of Ascoli Piceno, and enters the Adriatic near Grottammare

</doc>
<doc id="18947636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947636" title="Banjulunding">
Banjulunding

Banjulunding is a town in western Gambia. It is located in Kombo North/Saint Mary District in the Western Division. As of 2008, it has an estimated population of 8,029.

</doc>
<doc id="18947650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947650" title="William Craven">
William Craven

William Craven may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18947651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947651" title="Kiribati at the Commonwealth Games">
Kiribati at the Commonwealth Games

Kiribati have competed in three Commonwealth Games, making their debut in 1998 and attending every subsequent Games to date. No athlete from Kiribati has won a Commonwealth medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18947670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947670" title="Alfred Temple">
Alfred Temple

Sir Alfred George Temple FSA (27 October 1848 – 8 January 1928) was the director of the Guildhall Art Gallery in London, England, from 1886 to 1928.
Temple was born in London and educated at Denmark Hill Grammar School. He joined an underwriting firm as a junior clerk, but was sacked two years later for throwing a ledger at a senior clerk. Six months later he joined the Town Clerk's Department of the City of London Corporation, following in the footsteps of his father, grandfather and great-uncle, who had served the Corporation for a total of 85 years between them.
He took evening classes at the Lambeth School of Art and the South Kensington Museum (now the Victoria and Albert Museum), and when the Corporation established the Guildhall Art Gallery in 1886, Temple was appointed its first director, a post he held until his death. He built up the collection into one of the best in England and also wrote many books and articles on art.
Temple was knighted in the 1920 New Year Honours.
He died at his home in College Road, Dulwich, South London, and was buried at nearby West Norwood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18947674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947674" title="Seguam">
Seguam

Seguam may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18947686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947686" title="Caryophyllales">
Caryophyllales

The Caryophyllales are an order of flowering plants that includes the cacti, carnations, amaranths, ice plants, beets, and many carnivorous plants. Many members are succulent, having fleshy stems or leaves.
Description.
The Caryophyllales include about 6% of eudicot species. This order is part of the core eudicots. Currently, the Caryophyllales contains 33 families, 692 genera and 11,155 species. The monophyly of the Caryophyllales has been supported by DNA sequences, cytochrome c sequence data and heritable characters such as anther wall development and vessel-elements with simple perforations.
Circumscription.
As with all taxa, the circumscription of the Caryophyllales has changed within various classification systems. All systems recognize a core of families with centrospermous ovules and seeds. More recent treatments have expanded the Caryophyllales to include many carnivorous plants.
Although the monophyly of the order has been strongly supported, their placement is still uncertain. Systematists are undecided on whether Caryophyllales should be placed within the rosid complex or sister to the asterid clade. Caryophyllales is separated into two suborders: Caryophyllineae and Polygonineae. These two suborders were formerly (and sometimes still are) recognized as two orders, the Polygonales and Caryophyllales.
APG III.
As circumscribed by the APG III system (2009), this order includes the same families as the APG II system (see below) plus the new families, Limeaceae, Lophiocarpaceae, Montiaceae, Talinaceae, and Anacampserotaceae.
APG II.
As circumscribed by the APG II system (2003), this order includes well-known plants like cacti, carnations, spinach, beet, rhubarb, sundews, venus fly traps, and bougainvillea. Recent molecular and biochemical evidence has resolved additional well-supported clades within the Caryophyllales.
APG.
This represents a slight change from the APG system, of 1998
Cronquist.
The Cronquist system (1981) also recognised the order, with this circumscription:
The difference with the order as recognized by APG lies in the first place in the concept of "order". The APG favours much larger orders and families, and the order Caryophyllales "sensu" APG should rather be compared to subclass Caryophyllidae "sensu" Cronquist.
A part of the difference lies with what families are recognized. The plants in the Stegnospermataceae and Barbeuiaceae were included in Cronquist's Phytolaccaceae. The Chenopodiaceae (still recognized by Cronquist) are included in Amaranthaceae by APG.
New to the order ("sensu "APG) are the Asteropeiaceae and Physenaceae, each containing a single genus, and two genera from Cronquist's order Nepenthales.
Earlier circumscriptions.
Earlier systems, such as the Wettstein system, last edition in 1935, and the Engler system, updated in 1964, had a similar order under the name Centrospermae.

</doc>
<doc id="18947696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947696" title="Bantanto">
Bantanto

Bantanto is a town on Maccarthy Island in central Gambia. It is located in Niamina East District in the Central River Division. As of 2008, it has an estimated population of 1,322.

</doc>
<doc id="18947703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947703" title="Nausea">
Nausea

Nausea (Latin "nausea", from Greek - "nausia", "ναυτία" - "nautia", motion sickness", "feeling sick," "queasy" or "wamble") is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit. It often, but not always, precedes vomiting. A person can suffer nausea without vomiting. (Greek ναῦς - "naus", "ship"; ναυσία started as meaning "seasickness".)
Nausea is a non-specific symptom, which means that it has many possible causes. Some common causes of nausea are motion sickness, dizziness, migraine, fainting, gastroenteritis (stomach infection) or food poisoning. Side effects of many medications including cancer chemotherapy, nauseants or morning sickness in early pregnancy. Nausea may also be caused by anxiety, disgust and depression.
Medications taken to prevent and treat nausea are called antiemetics. The most commonly prescribed antiemetics in the US are promethazine, metoclopramide and ondansetron.
Differential diagnosis.
There are many causes of nausea. One organization listed 700 in 2009. Gastrointestinal infections (37%) and food poisoning are the two most common causes. Side effects from medications (3%) and pregnancy are also relatively frequent. In 10% of people the cause remains unknown.
Food poisoning.
Food poisoning usually causes an abrupt onset of nausea and vomiting one to six hours after ingestion of contaminated food and lasts for one to two days. It is due to toxins produced by bacteria in food.
Medications.
Many medications can potentially cause nausea. Some of the most frequently associated include cancer and systemic chemotherapy regimens and general anaesthetic agents.
Pregnancy.
Nausea or "morning sickness" is common during early pregnancy but may occasionally continue into the second and third trimesters. In the first trimester nearly 80% of women have some degree of nausea. Pregnancy should therefore be considered as a possible cause of nausea in any women of child bearing age. While usually it is mild and self-limiting severe cases known as hyperemesis gravidarum may require treatment.
Disequilibrium.
A number of conditions involving balance such as motion sickness and vertigo can lead to nausea and vomiting.
Stress and depression.
Nausea may be caused by stress and depression.
Potentially serious.
While most causes of nausea are not serious, some serious causes do occur. These include: diabetic ketoacidosis, brain tumor, surgical problems, heart attack, pancreatitis, small bowel obstruction, meningitis, appendicitis, cholecystitis, Addisonian crisis, Choledocholithiasis (from gallstones) and hepatitis, as a sign of carbon monoxide poison and many others.
Diagnostic approach.
Often no investigations are needed, however basic lab tests may be appropriate. If a bowel obstruction is possible, abdominal x-rays may be useful.
Treatment.
If dehydration is present due to loss of fluids from severe vomiting, rehydration with oral electrolyte solutions is preferred. If this is not effective or possible, intravenous rehydration may be required. NIH Medline recommends drinking clear fluids, sitting quietly and eating bland foods. Medline recommends you call a doctor if you: 
Medications.
Dimenhydrinate (Gravol) is an inexpensive and effective over the counter medication for preventing postoperative nausea and vomiting. Meclizine is another antihistamine antiemetic. In certain people, cannabinoids may be effective in reducing chemotherapy associated nausea and vomiting. Ondansetron (Zofran) is effective for nausea and vomiting. Pyridoxine or metoclopramide are the first line treatments for pregnancy related nausea and vomiting.
Many consider Medical marijuana to be an effective herbal remedy for nausea, where legal.
In hospital settings topical anti-nausea gels are not indicated because of lack of research backing their efficacy. Topical gels containing lorazepam, diphenhydramine, and haloperidol are sometimes used for nausea but are not equivalent to more established therapies.
Prognosis.
While short-term nausea and vomiting are generally harmless, they may sometimes indicate a more serious condition. When associated with prolonged vomiting, it may lead to dehydration and/or dangerous electrolyte imbalances. Repeated intentional vomiting, characteristic of bulimia, can cause stomach acid to wear away at the enamel in teeth.
Epidemiology.
Nausea and or vomiting is the main complaint in 1.6% of visits to family physicians in Australia. However only 25% of people with nausea visit their family physician. It is most common in those 15–24 years old and less common in other ages.

</doc>
<doc id="18947708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947708" title="William Wayland">
William Wayland

Lieutenant-Colonel Sir William Abraham Edward Wayland (September 1869 – 15 July 1950) was an English politician and farmer.
Wayland was educated at Marlowes College. He served as Mayor of Deptford from 1914 to 1920, for which he was knighted in the 1920 New Year Honours. In 1927 he was elected Conservative Member of Parliament for Canterbury at a by-election, holding the seat until he retired in 1945 because of a wish expressed by party leaders that no candidate should be aged over 70.
In 1931 the Conservative whip was withdrawn from him when he supported Sir Ernest Petter, standing as an Independent Conservative against the official Conservative candidate, in the Westminster St George's by-election, but it was restored before the general election later that year.
Wayland served as chairman of the Empire Day Movement from 1927 to 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18947710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947710" title="Malta at the Commonwealth Games">
Malta at the Commonwealth Games

Malta have competed at ten Commonwealth Games, making their debut in 1958. They did not attend in 1966, 1974 or 1978, but have attended every Games since 1982. Malta have won four medals at the Games, three of these in Shooting.

</doc>
<doc id="18947711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947711" title="List of number-one singles of 1988 (Ireland)">
List of number-one singles of 1988 (Ireland)

This is a list of singles which have reached number one on the Irish Singles Chart in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18947727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947727" title="Nalini Ranjan Chatterjee">
Nalini Ranjan Chatterjee

Sir Nalini Ranjan Chatterjee (died 6 September 1942) was a judge of the Calcutta High Court, India from 1910 to 1926. He was knighted in the 1920 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="18947744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947744" title="Solomon Islands at the Commonwealth Games">
Solomon Islands at the Commonwealth Games

The Solomon Islands have competed at six Commonwealth Games, making their first appearance in 1982. They did not send a team in 1986, but have appeared at every Games since 1990. No athlete from the Solomon Islands has won a Commonwealth medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18947746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947746" title="Adolf II of Waldeck">
Adolf II of Waldeck

Adolf II van Waldeck (ca. 1250 – 13 December 1302) was count of Waldeck from 1270 to 1276 and prince bishop of Liège from 1301 to 1302.
Life.
Adolf was a son of count Henry III and of Mechthild of Cuyk-Arnsberg. In 1270 he succeeded his grandfather Adolf I of Waldeck as count of Waldeck. He arranged a treaty with his brothers Otto and Gottfried, which stipulated that one brother would marry Sophia of Hesse (a daughter of Landgrave Henry I of Hesse), and that the other brother would follow suit and also marry. The brother to marry Sophia eventually turned out to be Otto, but in 1276 Adolf fell from Otto's favour and became a clergyman. Adolf became the domheer (cathedral-lord) in Liège, and provost in Trier and Utrecht. His other brother Godfried also became a clergyman, becoming domheer in Cologne and Liège, "thesaurus" in Münster and in 1304 bishop of Minden. On the death of William II, Adolf was initially his intended successor as bishop of Utrecht but, under pressure from count John II of Holland, Adolf found his claims overridden in favour of appointing John's brother Guy of Avesnes. Through pope Boniface VIII he was granted the bishopric of Liège instead, but he died shortly afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="18947748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947748" title="Storming of Bristol">
Storming of Bristol

The Storming of Bristol took place on 26 July 1643, during the First English Civil War. The Cavalier (Royalist) army under Prince Rupert of the Rhine, King Charles's nephew and Lieutenant General, captured the important city and port of Bristol from its weakened Roundhead (Parliamentarian) garrison. The city remained under Royalist control until near the end of the war.
Background.
During the mid-17th century, Bristol had been one of the most important cities in England, second only to London in wealth. The Royalists had failed to secure it when the Civil War began, leaving it under Parliamentarian control although there were many Royalist sympathisers within the city. In July 1643, the city's garrison was weakened when several of its units were detached to reinforce a Parliamentarian field army under Sir William Waller. On 13 July, Waller's army was destroyed at the Battle of Roundway Down.
The Royalists quickly realised that this presented them with a great opportunity to capture important Parliamentarian-held towns in the south-west of England. Only two days after the battle, Prince Rupert marched from Oxford, the Royalists' wartime capital, with a large army. He also sent orders to the Royalist Western Army which had been victorious at Roundway Down, now under the command of his younger brother Prince Maurice, to march against Bristol from the south while he himself advanced on the city from the north.
Defences.
The Parliamentarian defenders of Bristol were commanded by Colonel Nathaniel Fiennes. His garrison consisted of 300 cavalry and 1,500 infantry, plus some badly-armed town militia. The fortifications consisted of an inner line immediately surrounding the city and resting on the River Avon and River Frome, and an outer line about 500 yards outside the inner line. To the south and east the outer line was a continuous curtain wall and ditch on low-lying ground; to the north and west, it consisted of a chain of forts and batteries resting on the high ground overlooking the city, linked by a low earth wall. A total of 100 guns were distributed along the defences.
Royalist plan.
Rupert personally led a reconnaissance of the defences to the north of the city on 23 July. There were some clashes between Royalist parties left on Clifton Hill and Parliamentarian sorties. The Parliamentarians were beaten off.
The Royalists invested Bristol on the morning of 24 July. Rupert formally summoned the city to surrender, but the summons was refused. He then crossed the Avon to confer with Maurice and his officers. There was some dissension. Maurice, with his Cornish infantry faced the stronger defences south of Bristol and preferred to undertake a formal siege and bombardment. Rupert however, believed that the defences to the north were vulnerable to a storming attempt, given the weak state of the garrison. Eventually, Rupert prevailed, and the attack was planned to begin early on 26 July. The signal for the attack would be a salvo from a Royalist battery facing the Prior's Hill Fort at the northern point of the defences.
Attack.
In the event, the attack was disjointed. The eager Cornish infantry attacked prematurely at 3 a.m., forcing Rupert to fire the signal to attack earlier than he intended.
South.
The Cornish infantry attacked in three columns. They rolled carts and wagons into the ditch in front of the wall to fill it and allow them to cross. The ditch was too deep for this to succeed, but the Cornish used faggots and scaling ladders to continue the attack. They nevertheless suffered heavy casualties, all three attacking column commanders being killed, and were eventually driven back.
North.
Rupert's attackers consisted of three brigades of infantry, with some dragoons. Lord Grandison's brigade attacked the Prior's Hill fort and a nearby redoubt at Stokes Croft, but was repulsed. Grandison himself was killed. Sir John Belasyse's brigade also was unsuccessful at Colston's Mount. Rupert had a horse killed under him while rallying some of Belasyse's infantry.
The brigade under Colonel Henry Wentworth was more successful. Led by dragoons under Colonel Henry Washington, they penetrated up a re-entrant between the Brandon Hill and Windmill Hill forts and found that once against the defences between these two forts they were in "dead ground", safe from fire from the forts. They threw grenades over the wall to drive back the defenders, while they pulled down the wall using halberds and partisans. Once they were inside the defences, Fiennes's cavalry tried to counter-attack, but flinched when they faced Royalists wielding "fire-pikes"; pikes to which large fireworks were attached, an early form of flamethrower.
Wentworth's brigade pushed forward towards the inner defences, followed by Belasyse's brigade and Colonel Arthur Aston's regiment of cavalry. They captured another strongpoint, the "Essex Work", when the defenders panicked. There was severe fighting for two hours around the Frome Gate, part of the inner defences, as some of the townswomen tried to improvise a barricade of woolsacks behind the gate.
Surrender and Aftermath.
Rupert had sent for the Cornish infantry to reinforce the attack, but at about 6:00 pm, Fiennes asked for terms. Rupert granted easy conditions; the defenders were allowed to march out with their personal property, while their officers (and the cavalry troopers) were allowed to keep their arms. Undisciplined Royalists nevertheless plundered the defenders when they marched out on 27 July.
The Royalists secured immmense amounts of booty, in particular munitions of war. Eight armed merchant ships were captured, which later formed the nucleus of a Royalist fleet. The workshops of Bristol eventually re-equipped the entire Royalist army with muskets.
Nathaniel Fiennes was tried by Parliament and sentenced to death, but reprieved.

</doc>
<doc id="18947749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947749" title="Effects of Hurricane Dean in Mexico">
Effects of Hurricane Dean in Mexico

The effects of Hurricane Dean in Mexico were more severe than anywhere else in the storm's path. Hurricane Dean, the most intense storm of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season, formed in the Atlantic Ocean west of Cape Verde on August 14, 2007. The Cape Verde-type hurricane sped through the Caribbean Sea, rapidly intensifying before making landfall on Mexico's Yucatán Peninsula. Accurate forecasts of the storm's location and intensity enabled thorough preparations; nevertheless when the massive storm made landfall on the Yucatán Peninsula as a catastrophic Category 5 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale it damaged thousands of homes.
Weakening as it crossed the peninsula, Dean emerged into the Bay of Campeche and re-strengthened before making a second landfall in Veracruz. Although the second landfall did not bring winds as intense as the first, it brought more rainfall and caused devastating landslides in the states of Veracruz and Tabasco. Between the two landfalls, Dean caused MXN$2 billion (US$184 million; 2007 dollars) of damage and killed 13 people.
Preparations.
First landfall.
Forecasters and computer models at the Miami-based National Hurricane Center predicted that Hurricane Dean would impact the Yucatán Peninsula a full 6 days before the storm actually arrived. The hurricane's stable and well predicted path gave all of the countries in the region ample time to prepare for its arrival. On August 17, at the request of the Quintana Roo state government, which was expecting their state to suffer a direct hit, the Civil Protection Office of Mexico's federal Interior Ministry declared a state of emergency for the entire state. This included the towns and cities of Cancún, Playa del Carmen, and Chetumal as well as the islands of Cozumel, Isla Mujeres and Holbox.
On August 18 authorities began evacuating people from parts of Quintana Roo, moving 2,500 people from Holbox Island and a further 80,000 tourists from elsewhere in the state. Air-evacuations of tourists were stopped when Dean's outer rainbands closed almost a dozen Cancún and Cozumel airports on the evening of August 20. The Campeche airport closed shortly thereafter. The state government set up 530 storm shelters in schools and other public buildings, prepared to hold 73,000 people. With 20,000 food packages ready, the state of Yucatán, Quintana Roo's neighbor to the northwest, declared a green alert indicating a low but significant level of danger.
World Vision and other international aid agencies prepared blankets, sheets, personal hygiene items and medicines for quick transport to affected areas. The United States pre-positioned a three-person disaster
management team into the Yucatán before the storm's arrival with the intent of helping coordinate disaster management if necessary. The U.S. State Department urged its citizens in Quintana Roo, Yucatán, and Campeche to prepare for the storm and to evacuate if necessary. The department also relocated its non-essential personnel from those states to Mexico City. At 1500 UTC on August 19 a hurricane watch was issued on the Yucatán Peninsula from Chetumal to San Felipe and final preparations were rushed to completion.
Second landfall.
On August 20, warnings for Dean's second landfall were issued. The coast from Progreso to Ciudad del Carmen was put under a hurricane warning and the coast from Cancún at the tip of the Yucatán Peninsula west to Progreso. At 0300 UCT, August 21, a tropical storm watch was issued for the coast from Chilitepec to Veracruz, and a hurricane watch was issued from Chilitepec to Tampico, Tamaulipas. As Dean began to cross the Yucatán Peninsula and maintained its structure better than forecasters had expected, these watches and warnings were expanded. At their peak, a hurricane warning covered the area from Campeche, Campeche, to Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, and a tropical storm warning stretched from Tampico to La Cruz, Tamaulipas.
Residents in Veracruz stocked up on essential supplies, especially food and water, ahead of the storm's second landfall. At the request of the government of Veracruz, federal Secretary of the Interior Francisco Ramírez Acuña declared a state of emergency for 81 municipalities ahead of Hurricane Dean's expected landfall in the state. This gave local authorities access to the resources of the Revolving Fund of the National Natural Disaster Fund to take care of the nutrition, health, and shelter their populations should the storm's damage require it.
Although Dean was still a hurricane and was expected to re-strengthen slightly before making its second landfall, the fact that it had weakened caused some residents to let down their guard. As a result, residents of Veracruz and Campeche were much less prepared for the storm than those on the Yucatán Peninsula.
Impact.
First landfall.
The hurricane hit land near Majahual on the Quintana Roo coast of the Yucatán Peninsula at 0830 UTC on August 21. Wind gusts of 200 mph (320 km/h) were reported. The state's tourist cities of Cancún and Cozumel were spared the worst of the storm, but it wreaked havoc in the state capital Chetumal, some 40 mi (65 km) south of landfall, causing significant flooding. Communication with the Mayan communities near the landfall location was initially difficult, but the town of Majahual, which had a population of 200, was "almost flattened" by the storm. Storm surge and high winds severely damaged or destroyed hundreds of buildings and had the strength to crumple steel girders. About 15,000 families were left homeless, primarily in small villages around Quintana Roo. At the Costa Maya cruise port, waves tore away portions of the concrete docks and destroyed the boardwalk. The damage made the port unsuitable for cruise ships, effectively freezing the region's tourism industry until they could be repaired. The hurricane's winds damaged 2.3 million ha (5.7  million acres) of jungle, almost all of it in Quintana Roo, Yucatán, and Campeche.
At its first landfall, the bulk of Hurricane Dean's damage was to agriculture. 12,000 producers suffered losses, mostly in the states of Quintana Roo and Yucatán. 30,000 ha (74,000 acre) of habanero peppers were destroyed, along with 150,000 ha (370,000 acre) of corn and 60,000 ha (150,000 acre) of citrus. Extensive damage to fields planted with bananas, avocados, cucumbers, squash, jalapeño peppers, and other crops were also reported on the Yucatán Peninsula.
President Felipe Calderón cut short a visit to Canada to return to Mexico and assess the damage. Hurricane Dean's Category 5 landfall–the first such landfall in the Atlantic basin in 15 years–took no lives. International organizations, including the United Nations, attributed this to the government's thorough preparations and forecasters' ample warning.
Second landfall.
The next day, at 1630 UTC on August 22, Hurricane Dean made a second landfall, this time near the town of Tecolutla, Veracruz, as a Category 2 hurricane. Following the second landfall on the Veracruz coast, two rivers in the mountains of the state of Hidalgo overflowed, and rain fell as far west as the Pacific coast. Veracruz Governor Fidel Herrera said there was "a tremendous amount of damage". Petroleum production was not severely damaged and quickly returned to normal, although its brief interruption was responsible for a 6% year-on-year decrease in third quarter.
Hurricane Dean, at its second landfall, dropped 4 to 8 in (100 to 200 mm) of rainfall across the western states of Jalisco and Nayarit. This rainfall trigged a mudslide in Jalisco which fell on 10 houses and killed one of the occupants. Landslides in Puebla killed five people, and another was crushed when a wall in his house collapsed. One person in Veracruz was electrocuted after touching a power line while repairing his roof. In Michoacán, as the outer bands of the storm swept over the state, a man sheltering under a tree was struck by lightning. Two women died in Hidalgo when heavy rain collapsed their house's roof. Another man drowned while trying to cross a rain-swollen river in Tlacolula, Oaxaca. The heavy rains caused dozens of smaller landslides throughout the country, particularly in Veracruz and Tabasco, but most of them caused no fatalities. At least 50,000 houses were damaged to varying degrees throughout the country. Although Dean's rains caused flooding as far inland as Mexico City, where they closed a portion of Puebla-Mexico highway, the damage was concentrated in the states of Quintana Roo and Veracruz.
As with its first landfall, Hurricane Dean damaged crops throughout its impact area. In Puebla it destroyed 135,000 ha (335,000 acre) of corn and more than 22,000 ha (54,000 acre) of coffee, while in Veracruz 15,000 ha (37,000 acre) of various crops were lost. Unlike in Belize and the Eastern Caribbean, the storm spared the sugarcane crop in Veracruz.
Between the hurricane's two landfalls, Dean affected an estimated 207,800 people in the states of Quintana Roo, Campeche, Veracruz, Hildalgo, Puebla and Tabasco. The storm damaged 85 miles (140 km) of power lines and left more than 100,000 people without electricity. Landslides, storm tides, and widespread structural damage combined to compromise water sources throughout the country. The extent of the damage was never calculated at a federal level, but hundreds of villages lost access to fresh water in the days following the storm. Hurricane Dean killed 12 people in Mexico but none of the deaths occurred during its first and most powerful landfall on the Yucatán Peninsula. Between the two landfalls the storm caused a total of Mex$2 billion (US$184 million) of damages.
Aftermath.
Post-storm analysis showed that, while less deadly, Dean's first and more powerful landfall caused significantly more infrastructural damage than its second. Where the landfall occurred at the town of Majahual specifically, and the state of Quintana Roo generally, communities took longer to recover than in the rest of the country. Quintana Roo Governor Félix González Canto reported that although the cleanup in the state capital of Chetumal was completed within three weeks, it took more than six months to fix all of the region's rural roads. Unable to handle the hurricane's aftermath, the state government appealed to federal authorities and secured Mex$755 million (US$74.8 million) of aid. Combined with the state's contribution of $270 million (US$26.7 million), a housing-repair fund of over $1,025 million (US$101.5 million) was established. In the three months immediately following the storm, over 37,000 houses were rebuilt or repaired using monies from this fund.
In the days following the hurricane, immediate access to clean water was a priority for international aid agencies working in Mexico. The National Commission of Water spent another $25 million (US$2.47 million) of federal funds repairing the damaged infrastructure for irrigation and drinking water.
Carnival Cruise Lines and Royal Caribbean Cruises, the world's two largest cuise operators, diverted their ships away from the damaged cruise port of Puerto Costa Maya. Their plans originally expected diversions until at least 2009, but the central government was quick to fund rebuilding of the destroyed concrete piers. By June 2008 they were rebuilt to accommodate even larger ships than before, and ships scheduled stops there for September 2008.
The federal government was initially lauded for its swift and thorough preparation to which most observers, including the United Nations, attributed Dean's low death toll. However after the storm there were several accusations of political motivation in the distribution of aid. Members of President Felipe Calderón's Partido Accion Nacional (PAN) distributed bags of bread, funded by the nation's disaster relief coffers, carrying the party's logo. In Veracruz Governor Fidel Herrera was accused by both the PAN and his own Partido Revolucionario Institucional (PRI) of using state resources, including hurricane relief, to support the campaigns of PRI candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="18947751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947751" title="Satellite insurance">
Satellite insurance

Satellite insurance is a specialized branch of aviation insurance in which, as of 2000, about 20 insurers worldwide participate directly. Others participate through reinsurance contracts with direct providers. It covers three risks: relaunching the satellite if the launch operation fails; replacing the satellite if it is destroyed, positioned in an improper orbit, or fails in orbit; and liability for damage to third parties caused by the satellite or the launch vehicle.
In 1965 the first satellite insurance was placed with Lloyds of London to cover physical damages on pre-launch for the "Early Bird" satellite Intelsat I. In 1968 coverage was arranged for pre-launch and launch perils for the Intelsat III satellite. Satellites are very complex machines which are manufactured and used by governments and a few larger companies. The budget for a typical satellite project can be in excess of billions of dollars and can run 5–10 years including the planning, manufacturing, testing, and launch.
Types of coverage.
Insurance available for satellites is divided into two sections, satellite coverage and ground risk coverage.
Satellite risk.
Satellite risk coverage is insurance against damage to the satellite itself. There are four basic types of coverage available in this section. 
Ground risk.
As many ground stations are run by large government entities such as NASA, failure on the part of the insured is rare. In cases where failure occurs due to events which are beyond the control of the insured (such as an earthquake), coverage provides for the cost of hiring premises, replacing computer systems, software backup, and other items necessary to resume operations.
Underwriting considerations.
When considering a rating structure for satellite insurance coverage, during the early days many insurers based their rating according to the launch vehicle. For example, if the launch vehicle being used had a one in ten failure rate, the insurance premium would be ten per cent of the gross cost. Today insurers use statistics and computer modeling to arrive at premium rates, although data for calculations is limited. Another aspect of satellite insurance is the procedure attached to salvage. Though it is impossible to obtain monetary value from the wreckage in the event of an actual total loss or constructive total loss, many insurers rely on sharing any revenue which may be obtainable from the failed satellite with the insured.
Regulation.
Rules of satellite launch technology is governed by International Traffic in Arms Regulation (ITAR) in the United States. The regulation states that details of any technology provided to insurance underwriters are subject to strict rules and are provided to selected insurers only. This is an important consideration as the structure and technology used on launch vehicles is similar to missile technology for weapons. Failure to comply with ITAR rules could result heavy fines and imprisonment. In case where reinsurance coverage is arranged, re-insurers who provide such coverage have to rely on very limited information.

</doc>
<doc id="18947766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947766" title="Banyakang">
Banyakang

Banyakang is a town in western Gambia. It is located in the Western Division. As of 2008, it has an estimated population of 1,134.

</doc>
<doc id="18947773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947773" title="Darren Gerard">
Darren Gerard

Darren Charles Gerard (born 17 April 1984) is a cricketer who represented the Oxford University in University matches against Cambridge University in 2004 and 2006. In the 2004 contest at Lord's he took 5/29 as Oxford won by eight wickets. In 2006 he made his first-class debut, taking 2/25.
Gerard led the Great Britain cricket squad to the 2005 Maccabiah Games in Israel where they gained a bronze medal, their first in over 12 years at the Games.
Gerard was used as a net bowler by England during their tour of South Africa in 2004/05.

</doc>
<doc id="18947774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18947774" title="Basanta Mullick">
Basanta Mullick

Sir Basanta Kumar Mullick (2 August 1868 – 1 October 1931) was an Indian civil servant and judge.
Mullick was born in Calcutta, the son of a successful barrister. He was educated in England, at University College School and King's College, Cambridge, and joined the Indian Civil Service in 1887. In 1890 he was posted to Bengal as an assistant magistrate and collector. In 1898 he returned to Cambridge to complete his degree, which he received the following year.
On returning to India he was appointed a District and Sessions Judge and in April 1912 he was appointed Remembrancer for Legal Affairs of the newly created Province of Bihar and Orissa. Soon afterwards he was appointed an Additional Judge of the Calcutta High Court and in 1916 became a founding Puisne Judge of the Patna High Court, serving until 1928. He was knighted in the 1920 New Year Honours.
In April 1928 he became a temporary member of the Executive Council of Bihar and Orissa and in July 1929 he was appointed to the Council of India, the first Indian member of the Indian Civil Service ever to join the Council. He represented India on a number of committees of the League of Nations.
Mullick, who had married Kate Annie Carter in 1900, died suddenly at his home in Kensington, London, while still in office.

</doc>
