<doc id="18988345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988345" title="NEi Software">
NEi Software

NEi Software, founded as Noran Engineering, Inc. in 1991, is an engineering software company that develops, publishes and promotes FEA (finite element analysis) software programs including its flagship product NEi Nastran. The FEA algorithms allow engineers to analyze how a structure will behave under a variety of conditions. The types of analysis include linear and nonlinear stress, dynamic, and heat transfer analysis. Details related to the company's products can be found in the NEi Software Product List. MCT, PPFA (progressive ply failure analysis), Dynamic Design Analysis Method, optimization, fatigue, CFD and event simulation are just some of the specialized types of analysis supported by the company.
NEi Software is used by engineers primarily in the aerospace, automobile, maritime, and offshore industries. The software is intended to save costs by reducing time to market; testing for function and safety; reducing the need for physical prototypes; and minimizing materials, weight and size of structures. After designers create an FEA model, analysts check for potential points of stress and buckling. Customers include racing yacht builder Farr Yacht Design, and SpaceShipTwo builder Scaled Composites. Other projects using NEi Software include the Swift KillerBee unmanned air vehicle, Southern Astrophysical Research Telescope (SOAR), James Webb Space Telescope, Red Bull Racing's Minardi Formula One car, and the NuLens Ltd. Accommodative Intraocular lens eye implant. Other major customers include: Hitachi, Honeywell, Lockheed Martin, KBR, Panasonic Raytheon, General Dynamics, Volvo, Alcon, Mazda, Cessna Aircraft Company, JPL, Honda, Allergan, John Deere, Northrop Grumman, Ford Fedex, NASA, etc...
Company history.
1991
Noran Engineering, Inc. founded
Eidetics Corporation becomes first Noran Engineering customer
1995
OEM deal signed with Enterprise Software Products to distribute Femap
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V1.0
1996
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V1.1
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V2.0 adding Modal, buckling, and prestress
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V2.1
1997
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V2.2 adding support for laminated composite analysis (including ply failure analysis)
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V2.3
1998
Boeing uses NEi Software on X-34
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V3 adding advanced dynamics and modal transient response
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V4 adding nonlinear static analysis
1999
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V5 adding heat transfer
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V6 adding sparse solver technology
2000
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V7
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V7.1
2001
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V8 
2002
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V8.1 
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V8.2 adding the next-generation Lanczos Eigensolver
Cessna standardizes on NEi Nastran for FEA
2003
Noran Engineering begins to announces its new consulting services division
2004
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V8.3 adding over 50 enhancements including advanced dynamic solutions, new shell and weld element, parallel processing solver support, and input load and boundary condition interpolation
NEi Software releases NEi Works, an embedded FEA solution for SolidWorks 3D modeling environment
2005
NEi Software releases NEi Works 2.1
Scaled Composites selects NEi Nastran Software 
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V8.4
2006
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V9 
NEi Software enters into a partnership with SolidWorks to produce NEi Fusion
2007
NEi Software releases NEi Fusion 
Noran Engineering becomes a UGS (now Siemens) Channel Partner
Token Based Pricing Introduced
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V9.1 added automated impact analysis, hyperelastic material, linear surface contact, automatic shell-to-shell contact, automated surface contact and weld generation, a 3D composite solid element, vibration fatigue analysis
U.S. Naval Academy Selects NEi Nastran
NEiFusion Wins the Design News magazine "Golden Mousetrap" award
2008
NEi Software joins the Intel Certified Solutions Program
Noran Engineering, Inc. becomes NEi Software
NEi Software releases NEi Fusion V1.4 
NEi Nastran Selected as a "Top 10 Product of 2008" by Medical Design Magazine
2009
NEi Software releases NEi Nastran V9.2 adding progressive ply failure analysis (PPFA™), concrete material model, direct enforced motion, bolt preload, enhanced rigid element features, visualization support for various entities, automatic dynamic plots during nonlinear analysis, transparent max/min, and a new NEi Editor interface
NEi Software releases NEi Works 2.0
NEi Software releases NEi Fusion 2.0
NEi Software celebrate 15 Years of Providing Femap Support
NEi Software enters a partnership with Firehole Technologies (now Firehole Composites)
NEi Software introduces NEi Explicit for Nastran
2010
NEi Software releases NEi Works 2.1
NEi Software releases NEi Fusion 2.1
NEi Nastran announces the release of NEi Nastran V10
NEi Software becomes a global reseller for Siemens PLM Software
2011
NEi Software announces the release of NEi Stratus, mobile FEA
NEi Software announces the release of NEi Nastran For Creo™
NEi Software celebrate 20 years of developing, publishing and promoting its core product, NEi Nastran

</doc>
<doc id="18988370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988370" title="Babanawa F.C.">
Babanawa F.C.

Babanawa FC was a Nigerian National Division One football club, based in Anyigba, Kogi State and play their home games in Lokoja.
They were owned by Col. Ahmadu Usman Suleiman (rtd), making them one of the few Nigerian teams not run by a state government.
In 2003, they were relegated to the amateur league under "suspicious" circumstances involving player ineligibility, and took the NFL to court to protest, ultimately losing. The team was resurrected in 2005 after acquiring Globe Stars FC and elected to play their games at Onikan Stadium. In 2006 they played their home games in Gboko and Makurdi before returning to Kogi State for the 2007 season.
They withdrew from the League in the 2011 season after not making their first three games.

</doc>
<doc id="18988443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988443" title="Tagil River">
Tagil River

Tagil () is a river in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia. It is 414 km long, with a drainage basin of 10 100 km². The average discharge is 40 m³/s. The river has its sources on the eastern slopes of the Ural Mountains, east of Verkhny Tagil. From there, the Tagil flows north towards Nizhny Tagil, and then in a northeasterly direction to its confluence with the Tura.
The Salda River is a southern tributary. A northern tributary, the Barancha River, was probably used by Yermak Timofeyevich on his way to capture the Khanate of Sibir.

</doc>
<doc id="18988468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988468" title="Bardin">
Bardin

Bardin may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="18988516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988516" title="Shen (clam-monster)">
Shen (clam-monster)

In Chinese mythology, the shen or chen () is a shapeshifting dragon or sea monster believed to create mirages.
Meanings.
Chinese classic texts use the word "shen" to mean "a large shellfish" that was associated with funerals and "an aquatic monster" that could change its shape, which was later associated with "mirages".
Large shellfish.
The word used to mean a shellfish, or mollusk, identified as an oyster, mussel, or giant clam such as the Pearl of Lao Tzu. While early Chinese dictionaries treat "shen" as a general term for "mollusca", the "Erya" defines it as a large "yao" () which means shellfish, clam, scallop, or mother-of-pearl. According to "Shuowen Jiezi", an early 2nd century CE Chinese dictionary of the Han Dynasty defines it a large "ge" (), meaning clam, oyster, shellfish, or bivalve. 
Chinese classics variously record that "shen" was salted as a food (in "Zuozhuan"), named a "lacquered wine barrel" used in sacrifices to earth spirits (in "Zhouli"), and its shells were used to make hoes (in "Huainanzi") and receptacles (in "Zhuangzi"). They also record two "shen-"compounds related with funerals: "shenche" (, with cart or carriage) "hearse" ("Zhouli", Guo Pu's commentary notes "shen" means large shell-like wheel rims) and "shentan" 蜃炭 (with "charcoal") "oyster-lime; white clay", which was especially used as mortar for mausoleum walls ("Zuozhuan", "Zhouli"). 
Wolfram Eberhard (1968:292) describes the "shen" mussel as "a strange animal", and mentions the "Zhouli"'s Zhangshen 掌蜃 "Manager of "Shen"", who was a special government official in charge of acquiring them for royal sacrifices and funerals. "It is not clear why these mussels were placed into the tombs," he admits, possibly either as a sacrifice to the earth god (compare "shen" 脤 below) or "the shell lime was used simply for a purifying and protective effect."
Edward H. Schafer, who aptly translates "shen" or "chen" as "clam-monster", traces its linguistic evolution from originally designating a "large bivalve mollusc",
Beginning as an unassuming marine invertebrate, the ch'en was later imagined as a gaping, pearl-producing clam, possibly to be identified with the giant clams of tropical seas, for instance "Tridacna". Finally, by early medieval times, it had become a monster lurking in submarine grottoes, and was sometimes endowed with the attributes of a dragon – or, more likely, under influence, a nāga. It expressed its artistic nature by belching up bubbles and frothy clots. These foamy structures were sometimes worked into buildings. …The plastic exhalations of the clam-monster sometimes burst the film of surface tension and appeared to astonished mariners as stunning mansions adrift on the surface of the deep. (1989:395) 
Aquatic dragon.
Second, "shen" 蜃 meant the "clam-monster" that miraculously transformed shapes. The "Shuowen jiezi" defines "ge" 蛤 (using a graphic variant with the "he" 合 phonetic above the radical) as the "category of "shen"", which includes three creatures that transform within the sea. A "que" "sparrow" transforms into a "ge" 蛤, or "muli" 牡厲 "oyster" in Qin dialect, after 1000 (commentators say 10) years; a "yan" "swallow" transforms into a "haige" 海蛤 (with "sea") after 100 years; and a "fulei" 復絫, or "fuyi" 服翼 "bat", transforms into a "kuige" 魁蛤 (with "eminent") after it gets old. These kinds of legendary animal "transformations" – "hua" "transform, change, convert, turn into; metamorphose; take the form of" (see the "Huashu") – are a common theme in Chinese folklore, particularly for dragons like the "shen". The "dragon's transformations are unlimited", writes Visser (1913:126), and "it is no wonder that Chinese literature abounds with stories about dragons which had assumed the shape of men, animals, or objects. 
The "Yueling" 月令 "Monthly Commands" chapter of the "Liji" (6, tr. Legge 1885 I:292, 297) lists sparrows and pheasants transforming into shellfish during the traditional Chinese lunisolar calendar. In (Shuangjiang) the last month of autumn, "["jue" , a phonetic loan character for "que" 雀 "sparrow"] Small birds enter the great water and become ["ge" 蛤] mollusks", and in (Lidong) the first month of winter, "["zhi" "pheasant"] Pheasants enter the great water and become ["shen" 蜃] large mollusks." While many other classical texts (e.g., "Lüshi Chunqiu", "Yi Zhoushu", "Huainanzi") repeat this seasonal legend about pheasants that transform in "dashui" 大水 "great (bodies of) water; flood", the "Da Dai Liji" and "Guoyu" say they transform in the "huai" 淮 "Huai River." According to Chinese folklore (Visser 1913:69) swallows are a favorite food of both Chinese "long" and "shen" 蜃 dragons. Read (1934:301) explains, "Hence if people eat swallow's flesh they should not go out and cross a river (dragons will eat them if they do)." 
Eberhard (1968:293) equates the "shen" 蜃 with the "jiaolong" 蛟龍 "flood dragon; crocodile" and compares tales of both these dragons attacking cattle in rivers. The 1596 CE "Bencao gangmu" Chinese materia medica describes the "shen" or "chen" 蜃 under the "jiaolong" entry, with quotes from the "Yueling" and Lu Dian's "Piya".
A kind of crocodile shaped like a huge serpent. Horned like a dragon, with a red mane. Below the middle of the back it has scales inversely arranged. It lives on swallows. It spurts forth clouds of vapour in huge rings. It appears when it is going to rain. The fat and wax is made into candles which have a fragrant smoke noticeable 100 steps away, and ascend in layers in the air. The "Yueh-Ling" says the pheasant metamorphoses into a "Ch'un" when it enters the water. Lu Tien says that serpents and tortoises together produce tortoises but cohabitation of tortoises and pheasants produce "Ch'un", although they are different animals they are moved by the same influences. Other records refer to its relationship to the clam. (43/5, Read 1934:315, cf. Visser 1913:76) 
Mirage.
The shape-changing "shen" is believed to cause a mirage or Fata Morgana. "Shen-" synonyms meaning "mirage" include "shenlou" 蜃樓 (with "multi-storied building", Schafer's 1989:396 "clam castle" or "high house of the clam-monsters"), "shenqi" 蜃氣 (with qi "breath; pneuma"), "shenqilou" 蜃氣樓, "haishishenlou" 海市蜃樓 (with "sea city/market"), and "shenjing" 蜃景 (with "scenery"). In Japanese vocabulary, "shinkirō" 蜃気楼 is the usual word for "mirage". Compare the association between the "long" 龍 "dragon" and "waterspouts", evident in words like "longjuan" 龍卷 (lit. "dragon roll") "waterspout" and "longjuanfeng" 龍卷風 ("dragon roll wind") "cyclone; tornado" (Visser 1913:220-224).
Characters.
Most Chinese characters are written with a "phonetic" element that roughly indicates pronunciation with a "radical" or "signific" that suggests semantic field. "Shen"'s standard and antiquated characters combine the "chen" "Dragon (zodiac), duodecimal 5th of the 12 Earthly Branches; period from 7-9 AM; time period; occasion; star; celestial body" phonetic with the "chong" "insect; reptile" radical.
A variety of other characters utilize this phonetic "chen" 辰 "5th; dragon", which the "Wenlin" says "may have depicted an ancient kind of hoe" in ancient oracle bone script (cf. "nou" 耨 "hoe; rake"). Some etymologically significant examples include:
This "chen" 晨 or "chenxing" 辰星 "dragon star" is an asterism in the traditional Chinese constellations, a morning star within the Azure Dragon that is associated with east and spring. Specifically, the "dragon star" is in the 5th and 6th lunar Twenty-eight mansions, with its "xin" 心 "Heart" and "wei" 尾 "Tail" corresponding to the Western constellations of Antares and Scorpius.
Etymologies.
Carr (1990:144-145) etymologically hypothesizes that the "chen" < *' 辰 phonetic series (using Bernhard Karlgren's Old Chinese reconstructions) split between *' "dragon" and *' "thunder". The former words include aquatic "shen" < *' 蜃 "large shellfish; sea dragon", celestial "chen" < *' 晨 "dragon star", and possibly through dragon-emperor association, "chen" < *' 宸 "imperial palace; mansion". The latter ones, reflecting the belief that dragons cause rainfall and thunder, include "zhen" < *' 震 "thunder; shake", "zhen" < *' 振 "shake; scare", and "ting" < *"d'ieng" 霆 "thunderbolt".
Schuessler (2007:184, 459, 611) provides more refined reconstructions and etymologies:
Modern times.
In the present day, the mythical "shen" "clam-monster" is best known through the everyday words for "mirage; illusion", typically Chinese "haishishenlou" 海市蜃樓, Korean "shingiru" 신기루 蜃氣樓, and Japanese "shinkirō" 蜃気楼.
One is used by the Second Mizukage in the manga series Naruto.

</doc>
<doc id="18988518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988518" title="Student unionism in the United Kingdom">
Student unionism in the United Kingdom

In universities in the United Kingdom students' unions are constituted under Section 2 of the Education Act 1994. The ultimate purpose of students' unions is to democratically represent the interests of their members. Students who resign their membership may still use Union social facilities provided (often the main or only such facilities available) since they are for the benefit of the "students" of the institution, not just Union members. The vast majority of UK students' unions are affiliated with the National Union of Students (NUS).
History.
The oldest students' union in Britain is Edinburgh University Students' Association, founded in 1884. The oldest in England is believed to be University College London Union, founded in 1893. Britain's oldest students' union building, which is also the world's oldest students' union building, is the purpose-built Teviot Row House at the University of Edinburgh, built in 1889. The oldest in England is believed to be the Imperial College Union building in Beit Quad built between 1910 and 1911 and designed by Sir Aston Webb. The two largest students' union buildings in the United Kingdom are at the University of Bristol and the University of Sheffield.
Terminology.
Although "students' union" is by far the most common name adopted by these organisations in the UK, seven (including Exeter, Aston, Liverpool and Birmingham) are named 'Guilds' of students while the term 'student association' is also used at some institutions, particularly in Scotland, where the ancient universities used to have a pair of segregated student unions for men and women and/or had separate "unions" for social activities and "students' representative councils" for representational matters (an arrangement that still exists at the University of Glasgow). When these were amalgamated the term 'student association' was introduced.
'MedSocs' (or Medical Student Societies) are the students' unions for the 32 medical schools in the UK. It is their remit to look after the educational, pastoral, social and representational needs of the 8,000 medical students in the UK.
Activities.
In addition to lobbying, campaigning, debating and carrying out other representative activities, most students' unions facilitate "student activities" (societies, volunteering opportunities, and sport) peer led support (through advice centres, helplines, job shops and more), and social venues to bring their members together. Most unions receive some funding through an annual allocation, also called the block grant, from their educational institution. Many unions supplement this income from commercial sales from their venues, shops, and marketing revenue.
Influence.
Although the Conservative government under John Major attempted to severely reduce the influence of students' unions in Britain, the NUS and individual students' unions managed to successfully lobby against the moves to restrict their political activities. The then Education Secretary, John Patten aimed to end the 'closed shop' and ensure students would have to join their union (opt-in) rather than automatically becoming a member. As many unions receive funding based upon membership levels this threatened their ability to achieve their core business.
In 2004, lobbying by the NUS against a bill to introduce variable student fees in English and Welsh universities contributed towards the Labour government's majority being slashed to just five in the Commons vote on the bill. However, this bill passed as the Higher Education Act 2004.
Law relating to students' unions.
The role of students' unions is enshrined in the Education Act 1994 which requires educational institutions to have a Code of Practice and publicise the ability to opt-out from membership without forfeiting access to the majority of union services. The Act also requires that Unions have a written constitution and that elections to major union offices are held by a secret ballot of the membership. The Act states that if a petition signed by a minimum number of students (the threshold cannot exceed 5%) is lodged then a referendum must be held on whether or not to end one of the union's affiliations. Money donated to a students' union is subject to ultra vires law and can only be spent to further this charitable purpose. A major source of funding for most unions are 'block grant' donations given by their colleges or universities. Historically, the majority of students' unions were exempt charities however a change to the law means that unions will become registered charities during 2010. Students' unions are required to act in the interests of their members as students. 
In general, a students' union is a separate legal person from the university or college which it is associated with, however in some cases the union is regarded as an integral part of the university
Scotland.
The oldest students' union in Scotland is Edinburgh University Students' Association founded in 1884 and the world's oldest students' union building is the purpose-built Teviot Row House at the University of Edinburgh, built in 1889. Under the Universities (Scotland) Act 1889, Students' Representative Councils were set up at the ancient universities of Scotland. All students are eligible to elect members to the SRC unless they opt out under the Education Act 1994, and the President of the SRC is often a member of the University Court, the governing body of a Scottish Ancient. Where separate students' unions still exist (for example at the University of Glasgow), they operate as private members' clubs. At other universities, the SRC and the former union or unions have been combined into a single students' association.
Northern Ireland.
In Northern Ireland, students' unions operate in a similar way to those in Great Britain, except that they cannot exclusively be members of NUS. At the height of the Troubles in 1972, a bilateral agreement between the National Union of Students UK and the Union of Students in Ireland, decided that all student unions within Northern Ireland would hold membership of both organisations, through a new group called NUS-USI. The move was an attempt to promote student unity despite the sectarian divide and the arrangement is still in place.
Officers.
In a British students' union a sabbatical officer is a full-time paid officer elected by the students from their membership. The sabbatical officers are generally trustees of the students' union. Many students' unions also have unpaid officers who continue as students during their term of office. Some of these non-sabbatical officers may sit on the Executive Committee of the Union, or on the Union Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18988532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988532" title="2002 New York Giants season">
2002 New York Giants season

The 2002 New York Giants season was the team's 78th season in the National Football League. The team improved upon their previous season's 7–9 disappointment, winning ten games and returning to the playoffs for the second time in three years. They ended the season on a four-game winning streak. After a midseason slump, head coach Jim Fassel stripped offensive coordinator Sean Payton of playcalling duties, and the Giants went on to a winning streak that would carry them to the playoffs. Leading 35–14 in the third quarter of the NFC wild card came at San Francisco, Jeremy Shockey dropped a touchdown pass forcing a field goal to make the score 38–14. Fassel decided to rest starting running back Tiki Barber to save him for the next round, but the 49ers gained momentum, and the Giants would not score again, losing the game 39–38. Following the season, Payton was not retained; he would later go on to win the Super Bowl seven years later as the head coach of the New Orleans Saints. 

</doc>
<doc id="18988540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988540" title="Sir Edward Kerrison, 2nd Baronet">
Sir Edward Kerrison, 2nd Baronet

Sir Edward Clarence Kerrison, 2nd Baronet (2 January 1821 – 11 July 1886) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Kerrison was the eldest son of General Sir Edward Kerrison, 1st Baronet and his wife Mary Martha Ellice. He was born at The Wick, Brighton in 1821.
He married Lady Caroline Margaret Fox-Strangways, daughter of Henry Fox-Strangways, 3rd Earl of Ilchester, on 23 July 1844, but had no children.
He succeeded his father in 1852 as Member of Parliament for the borough of Eye and as baronet the following year. He represented Eye until 1866 when he resaigned by becoming a Steward of the Manor of Northstead to stand for the East Suffolk seat. He was returned for East Suffolk, but resigned from Parliament the following year by taking becoming a Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds.
Described as a "Great friend of the agricultural laborers", he also took part in the building of a branch railway to Eye. He died at Brome Hall, Scole, Norfolk in 1886, and the baronetcy became extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="18988564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988564" title="Lavandula pinnata">
Lavandula pinnata

Lavandula pinnata (sometimes called fernleaf lavender ) is a plant in the mint family, Lamiaceae.
Description.
"Lavandula pinnata" is a small shrub with opposite, simple, pinnately dissected leaves, and square stems. The flowers are purple, borne in summer.

</doc>
<doc id="18988566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988566" title="Student governments in the United States">
Student governments in the United States

In the United States, these groups are often known student government, associated students, student senate, or less commonly a student's union. There is one instance of a government of the student body, at Iowa State University. In the U.S., the phrase "student union" often refers to a "student activity center" (also known as a "student center" or "student commons"), a building with dining halls, game rooms, lounges, student offices, and other spaces for student activities. At institutions with large graduate, medical school, and individual "college" populations, there are often student governments that serve those specific constituencies.
Universities that call their legislative councils "Student Assembly" include the University of Michigan, Michigan State University, Dartmouth College, Cornell University, Wesleyan University, the College of William and Mary, Christopher Newport University, Penn State University, the State University of New York (SUNY), and Bentley University. At Yale University, the undergraduate student government is known as the Yale College Council. To this date the University of Colorado Boulder has the largest budget for a student government in the country, overseeing a $36.6 million budget annually at University of Colorado Student Government.
High School Officers.
In US high schools, officers typically include:
Structures.
Many student governments are structured similarly to the United States Government, consisting of distinct executive, legislative, and judicial branches. Alternatively, a parliamentary model is followed. These structures often include elements which are not found in the federal government (e.g. legislative veto, programming branches, initiative, recall, referendum). In some cases, student governments follow a corporate model where offices reflect business roles such as Vice President of Finance, Director, etc.
Also, many universities with significant graduate, law, and medical school programs have separate student governments for the graduate and undergraduate student bodies. Similarly, multiple undergraduate student governments sometimes form to address specific facets of university decision-making. At the University of Texas, for example, students are served by three equal and independent student governance organizations: the Student Government represents students generally, but focuses on undergraduate student life matters; the Senate of College Councils represents undergraduate and graduate students in academic affairs; and the Graduate Student Assembly represents graduate students in both academic and student affairs. While some student governments incorporate undergraduates and graduates together, at the University of Oklahoma, for example, the legislature is bicameral: The Graduate Student Senate and the Undergraduate Student Congress (house). The other branches represent all students. For instance, a graduate student was elected UOSA President (student body president) for the 2010-2011 academic school year and the majority of the student court is traditionally law students.
Responsibilities.
Within their capacity as representatives of the student body, student governments may fulfill a range of responsibilities, such as:
Relationship to the Institution.
Most universities and colleges (both public and private) in the United States are governed by a Board of Trustees or Regents. Student governments tend to be chartered by the Board but, in the case of public universities operated by a State, may be recognized by the state legislature. Their structure, purpose and responsibilities are usually established in a constitution ratified by the student body. Some states, such as California and Florida, specifically provide for "student body organizations" in their public institutions by statute. (e.g. Cal Education Code § 76060 (Community Colleges); Cal Education Code § 89300 (Universities)).
Student governments have historically been considered auxiliaries of the university to which they belong. Since ultimate responsibility over the direction of a university is usually vested in a Chancellor or President appointed by the Board, some conflicts may arise between Student Government and the university administration, especially in the area of fiscal matters. In addition to a student government, many universities also establish governments for faculty (e.g. Faculty Senate) and staff (e.g. Staff Assembly). In such cases, there often exist links and dependencies between these bodies. Many colleges/universities also allow the student governments to control the student activities (student life) funds generated by the fees students pay each quarter/semester. This usually establishes a strong power for the governing body of students because control over money is power and strong influence.
Student government budgets range from as high as $36.6 million (CU-Boulder) to less than a few thousand dollars. Large public residential universities tend to enjoy the largest operational budgets, while commuter-based public colleges and private colleges tend to have the smallest budgets. More than 71 percent of American "SG" officers are compensated through salaries, stipends, scholarships, and tuition waivers, according to the SG Salary Survey. The American Student Government Association, the professional association for collegiate student governments, maintains an annually updated database of student government information including budgets, number of members, salaries, corporate structure and number of recognized clubs.
Most American student governments are "official, on-campus organizations" recognized by their institutions. But particularly in California, Minnesota, and Oregon, the "Associated Students, Inc." are non-profit corporations that operate independently of the institution. They derive some of their funding through the sale of services such as "discount cards" that students can use at local establishments.
Average voter turnout in all 4,700 student governments nationwide is in the range of 2 to 4 percent, according to the ASGA SG database. This number is negatively skewed by poor participation overall in SG at the more than 2,000 American community colleges which have larger commuter and non-traditional populations and therefore have less emphasis on traditional student services and programs like student government. State universities and colleges tend to have a 10-15 percent voter turnout, while private colleges often have much higher totals, sometimes into 40 percent or higher, according to ASGA. Online voting appears to increase turnout by about 4% on average. Keeping the polls open for more than a day has little or no effect on turnout.
Most student government leaders serve one-year terms, but there are isolated examples of multi-year officers. This cyclical nature of student government officers often prevents them from attaining real influence on college campuses. By the time student leaders learn their roles, their terms of office are nearing completion.
Examples.
University of Oklahoma.
University of Oklahoma’s student government is called the University of Oklahoma Student Association (UOSA), first established in 1969. The student activity fee accumulated is divided into various amounts to be disbursed by a committee made up of the student president, the chair of the undergraduate student congress, the chair of the graduate student senate, and the vice president of student affairs. The student government is currently given just over $600,000 from this committee to allocate to student organizations, pay staff assistants, bills on student government property, and other debts.
Structure.
The UOSA is divided into four equal governing branches: the executive, legislative, judicial, and programming.
-The Executive Branch is composed of the President and Vice President along with their cabinet of various departments filled with directors, coordinators, and officers. The President and Vice President are elected together on a ticket during the spring general elections. President nominates his or her cabinet and other executive officials to the legislature to be confirmed through the process of advise and consent. The members of the Executive Branch act as the advocates for students by meeting with administration, promoting resolutions passed by the legislature, and ensuring that all laws of the UOSA are faithfully executed.
-The Legislative Branch is composed of two houses: the Undergraduate Student Congress and the Graduate Student Senate. The Representatives of the Undergraduate Student Congress and Senators of the Graduate Student Senate are elected according to their academic district and college. Both houses elect internally their own leadership with a Chair, Vice Chair, and Secretary, which make the executive decisions for their respective houses like appointing committee membership or committee leadership. The legislative branch also considers legislation on a wide variety of topics concerning students at OU. In addition, the legislature considers resolutions concerning issues as diverse as gender neutral housing, smoking bans, safety concerns, sidewalks, parking, and recreational facilities. This branch considers these issues through the use of various committees. One of the most important legislative committees is the UOSA Budget Committee, which is a joint committee between the Graduate Senate and Undergraduate Congress. Together this committee allocates the student activity fee in the form of an appropriations bill.
-The Judicial Branch is composed of one high court and lower courts. The high court is the UOSA Student Superior Court. The court operates as a Court of Appeal that basically acts as our Supreme Court. This Court hears cases that affect the UOSA constitution, UOSA Statutes, Student Organization constitutions, UOSA General Counsel Opinions, election fraud, or any other appeal from a lower court. The UOSA currently has one lower the UOSA Student Parking Appeals Court. This court reviews appeals made over various parking citations.
-The Programming Branch is vested in the UOSA Campus Activities Council (CAC). The Campus Activities Council is led by a Chair, who is elected in a campus wide election. As the Programming Branch, it puts on many events on campus for the entire student body like Howdy Week, Big Red Rally, Homecoming, University Sing, Dad’s Day and Family Weekend, Winter Welcome Week, Dance Marathon, College Bowl, Mom’s Day and Parent’s Weekend, and Sooner Scandals. The Campus Activities Council also has a Concert Series, Film Series, and a Speaker’s Bureau that brings many enlightening speakers, films, and bands for the student body to enjoy. Originally, CAC was the programming arm of the UOSA under the Executive Branch. In 2002, the student body voted and passed a constitutional amendment to make the Campus Activities Council its own branch.
The student government also has an independent student legal office called the UOSA General Counsel. The UOSA General Counsel, the chief legal officer for UOSA, and their associates acts as attorney general for the student government as well as public defender. Students must at minimum be second year law students to qualify to be the general counsel or one its associates. The UOSA General provides legal advice, defends students regarding academic misconduct or grade appeals, approves new student organization, and represents the UOSA on legal matters.
University of Florida.
The University of Florida Student Government is the governing body for the students who attend the university, representing the UF's 50,000+ undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. It is one of the largest Student Governments within the United States. The student government currently operates on a yearly $18.2 million budget. The motto is "Building the Pride in Every Gator."
It was officially established in 1909 and consists of an executive, judicial, and unicameral legislative branch. The executive branch consists of a Student Body President, Student Body Vice President, Student Body Treasurer, 4 executive directorships, 8 agencies, 12 executive secretaries, and 19 programming cabinets under 3 cabinet chairs. The Student Body President, Student Body Vice President, and Student Body Treasurer are elected in annual elections held in the spring.
The legislative branch is composed of 100 senators, who serve one-year terms. 50 senate seats are elected each spring semester and the remaining 50 are elected each fall semester. The senators elect a Senate President and Senate President Pro Tempore twice a year—once in the fall, and once in the spring—to lead the Student Senate.
Michigan State University.
Michigan State's Student Assembly comprises one half of the ASMSU undergraduate student government, along with the Academic Assembly. At MSU, the Student Assembly has control over student-life affairs, and controls three seats in the University Academic Governance System, as well as 96.5% of the nearly $1.3 million ASMSU budget. The number of representatives per college varies on the population of the college, like the United States House of Representatives.
The ASMSU Student Assembly has five officers and forty-five staff members, with three of those being executive staff. The Chair, Vice-Chairperson of Internal Affairs, Vice-Chairperson of External Affairs, Vice-Chairperson of Student Funding, and Vice-Chairperson of Student Programming are elected each April by the newly elected representatives. The Assembly usually - but not always - votes its own members to leadership positions. The staff members are hired by a Human Resources hiring committee. They include the Director and Assistant Director of Legislative Affairs, the Director of Community Affairs, the Director of Legal Services, and the Director of Student Defenders. Three of these staff members, the Director and Assistant Director of Legislative Affairs and the Director of Community Affairs, make up the E-Staff, a lobbying group that works closely with the ASMSU Academic Assembly Director of Education Policy to lobby the Michigan State Legislature on behalf of the almost 40,000 undergraduate students of Michigan State University.
Structure.
Below is the basic structure for the ASMSU Student Assembly. For the entire organizational flowchart, please see the article on ASMSU
<br clear all>
University of Michigan.
The Central Student Government is the University of Michigan's central student government. It is composed of the Assembly, the University Council, and the Central Student Judiciary.
The Assembly represents both undergraduate and graduate students, where the number of representatives per college varies on the population of the college. The College of Literature, Science and Arts (LS&A) has almost half of the seats on the assembly (21), since it is by far the university's largest college. Following that is the Rackham Graduate School (10), Engineering (7), Business (4), as well as several schools with single-student representation.
CSG is governed by a president and vice-president who are popularly elected by the student body at-large. Each college at the University of Michigan is given a representative number of seats (based on enrollment figures). Each representative on the Assembly was voted on by popular vote of their college or school. Elections for representatives are highly competitive.
The executive board positions include the President, Vice President, Student General Counsel, Treasurer, Chief of Staff, Communications Director and Chief Programming Officer. The latter four are appointed by both the President and Vice President.
The 25 committees and commissions of CSG accomplish much of the work on the Assembly. These range from the External Relations Committee, to the Peace and Justice Commission, to the Budget Priorities Committee, to the Voice Your Vote Commission. The Assembly runs many successful programs, including Airbus (an inexpensive airport shuttle service); an Off-campus housing website, where students rate landlords and properties; Advice Online, a website with statistical information on every class and professor on campus, and is solely responsible for the University's non-partisan student voter registration and Voice Your Vote activities. The CSG Web site is csg.umich.edu
College of William and Mary.
The Student Assembly of the College of William and Mary (SA) is the official student government of William and Mary. It is designed to represent all students at the college, both undergraduate and graduate. At William and Mary, the SA has control of over $500,000 in student activities fees, over $100,000 in reserve funding, and is the primary source of student representation to the college administration, the City of Williamsburg, and the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Structure.
The SA is divided into three branches, executive, legislative, and judicial, much like the United States government. The executive is headed by a President and Vice President, who run together on a ticket and are directly elected by all students each March. The executive branch also contains many non-elected officials, including a staff led by the Chief of Staff, a communications office, and many executive departments, such as the Department of Student Life and the Department of Public Affairs.
The legislative branch is divided into three parts: the Senate, the Undergraduate Council, and the Graduate Council. The Senate is the upper house; it is charged with writing legislation that distributes student activity funds, expressing the will of the student body, and organizing the internal structure of the SA. Also, it confirms the principal officers of the executive departments and independent agencies. It is made up of 16 undergraduate students (four from each class), and 6 graduate students (one from the five graduate schools, plus an at-large seat). The Undergraduate Council consists of officers from each undergraduate class: a President, Vice President for Advocacy, Vice President for Social Affairs, Treasurer, and Secretary. The Graduate Council consists of officers from each graduate school. Only the Senate can pass binding legislation; however, the Councils may veto constitutional amendments.
The judicial branch is the Review Board, which resolves disputes between all bodies. It functions much like the Supreme Court of the United States, in that it is a panel of justices deciding cases. There are six associate justices and one Chairman, appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate every year.
Finally, there are independent agencies, which serve both branches: the Elections Commission, led by a Chairman and charged with overseeing the successful implementation of elections every semester and the First Year Council, which orients freshmen to the SA. There are also various independent class councils such as the 2008 Class Council, which consist of students who want to help Class Officers plan events; these councils are not officially a part of the SA.
The leadership of both the legislative and executive branches of the Student Assembly are members of the Joint Facilitation Committee, which is composed of the President, Vice President, and Chief of Staff on the Executive side, and the Senate Chair, Secretary, and a member of the Senate Executive Committee on the Senate side. This committee provides overall direction for the Student Assembly and controls property jointly owned by both branches, such as the SA's offices and website.
As of the now, the Assembly is in its 321st session (the numbering represents the number of years since the founding of the College), or its 98th year (the organization itself being founded in 1915).
Stetson University.
Website
Student governance has existed since 1908 at Stetson University in many forms. In 1973, the Student Body abolished the representative model and instituted a Student Union Board. This featured a President and his appointed board who represented the Body. In 1981, the SGA was reinstated and has followed a Constitution that has been since in continual existence (though heavily changed).
Currently, the Stetson University Student Government Association (SGA) is the representative body for all undergraduate students enrolled at Stetson University. The SGA does not have the force of law, as the institution is private. The Association is divided into two branches: Legislative and Executive. The Association has direct control over $100,000 in student fee monies, which go to 100+ student organizations and has oversight of $500,000 in student fee monies, which go to other University programming. Further, the SGA has controlling interest in the allocation of the $1,000,000 general student fee allocation committee.
The Legislative Branch
Is a unicameral branch composed of a Student Senate. The Senate challenges, creates, and clarifies policies affecting Stetson Students. The Senate is further responsible for overseeing the effectiveness of the Executive, approving his/her appointments to Cabinet positions, and approving the Sec. Finance's budget. The Senate is chaired by the SGA Vice-President, who acts as the Senate President. Senators are elected from Residence Halls and from the commuter population. Also, each campus organization may appoint a Senator. This results in an average Senate of 100 members each year. The Senate has six committees which consider legislation brought before the Senate: Academic Affairs, Budget and Finance, Campus Life, Policy Reform, Residential Living, and Values and Ethics. The Chairmen of the committees and the Senate parliamentarian are appointed by the Senate President. The President Pro Temp is elected by the Senate.
The Executive
Is headed by the SGA President who, jointly with the Vice President, is elected in an annual, campus-wide election. The President is responsible for the general operations of the Association. He/She serves as the Student Body President, and is the official spokesperson for the Association and the Student Body.
The President serves/ or selects the as a member of several University boards. These include: The Activity Allocation Committee, Trustee Campus Life Committee, Campus Life Committee, Traffic Appeals Board, Honor Counsel Selection Committee. He/She is responsible for implementing the resolutions passed by the Senate. The President does so by meeting and negotiating polices with various University Administrators. 
The President's Cabinet consists of:
Vice President: Assists the President in implementing legislation, is the official representative in lieu of the President, heads the Senate & meeting of committee chairs. Also assists the President with the Fall election of Senators.
Secretaries:
"Communications:" Responsible for all advertising, publications, branding, historic record keeping.
"Finance:" Custodian of all SGA Property, has the sole authority to distribute SGA & SAFAC funds (as directed by the Senate), Chairs the SAFAC and AFAC committees.
"Student Involvement:" Responsible for outreach and involvement to the Student Body at large. Plans SGA events and is responsible for spending the majority of the SGA budget.
Other: The President or Senate may create subordinate or equivalent Secretaries to those listed.
The President may veto legislation from the Senate; however, a veto may be overturned via a 2/3 vote of the Senate.
The elections for President and VP are governed by a special committee which consists of Senators. A majority of votes cast is required to win the election.
AFICU.
Stetson's SGA is a founding member of the Academy of Florida Independent Colleges and Universities. The Academy seeks to better higher education student governance in the state of Florida.
Student Senate for California Community Colleges.
The Student Senate for California Community Colleges (SSCCC) is a "nonprofit association". Its membership includes community college "student body associations" and its meetings are conducted in accordance with the Ralph M. Brown Act. Although the SSCCC is meant to be a community college student ran organization, a fair amount of the members in fact go to four year institutions, and then take one or two classes at their local community college to meet the requirements to be active. The SSCCC is funded, in part, by moneys collected pursuant to a law that permits the establishment of a "student representation fee".
The SSCCC Constitution provides that the SSCCC will "serve as the voice of the students in matters of statewide concern and before the Board of Governors, Consultation Council and all statewide boards, committees, and ad hoc groups". The Board of Governors of the California Community Colleges has recognized the SSCCC as "the representative of community college-associated student organizations before the Board of Governors and the Chancellor's Office".
The name "California Community Colleges" is the property of the State of California. That name cannot be used by an organization without the permission of the Board of Governors of the California Community Colleges. By recognizing the SSCCC as "the representative of community college-associated student organizations before the Board of Governors and the Chancellor's Office", the Board has tacitly approved the SSCCC's use of the name "California Community Colleges".
SSCCC Structure.
Membership.
Each community college student body association, and each "organization composed entirely of students attending the colleges of" a community college district, and each "student political organization that is affiliated with the official youth division of any political party that is on the ballot of the State of California" is entitled to have "one voting delegate at a general assembly" of the SSCCC. These delegates, by the operation of California Corporations Code Section 18015(b), constitute the membership of the SSCCC. Most of the student body associations that belong to the SSCCC are organized as "unincorporated associations". Several of the student body associations are organized as corporations, including Associated Students of Grossmont College, Inc., Associated Students of Barstow College, Associated Students of Sierra College, and Associated Students College of Marin.
Regions.
The SSCCC divides the state up into regions for purposes of representation. There are currently 10 regions, with Region I in the very north of the state and Region X in the very south of the state. The SSCCC Constitution grants each individual region the ability to form their own regionally controlled governing councils and regional officers to facilitate the business of the organization within each respective region. The regions usually meet on a monthly basis.
General Assembly.
All of the delegates and other local college student government representatives gather statewide to meet in General Assembly twice each year, once in the Fall semester and once in the Spring semester. The General Assembly meetings usually are held in alternating locations between the north and the south of the state. These General Assembly meetings contain issue and policy breakout sessions and discussions, keynote speakers and panels from policy leaders and state legislators, and culminate on the final day for resolution debate and voting. Prior to the General Assembly and throughout the General Assembly itself, students can submit resolutions for consideration by the delegates. On the final day of the General Assembly meeting, the final packet of proposed resolutions are debated on the floor and put to a vote for adoption. Any student in attendance can participate in debate of the resolutions, however only the recognized delegates may cast votes. Annual elections for statewide office are held each year at the Spring General Assembly.
Student Senate Council.
The Student Senate Council is the statewide governing body of the SSCCC and is charged with implementing the resolutions adopted at the General Assemblies and conducting the business of the organization in between General Assembly sessions. The Student Senate Council has 30 members. In order to provide equal representation of the regions at the statewide level, each region elects two Regional Senators who must be enrolled at a college within the region that they are elected. These Regional Senators comprise a total of 20 members on the Student Senate Council. The other 10 members are At-Large Senators and are elected by popular vote of the delegates at the Spring General Assembly (the 10 highest vote getters are elected). Any community college student may run for an At-Large Senator seat regardless of region. The practice of electing At-Large Senators has since been discontinued from the passage of F 2010 18.02 Resolution, which turns the At-Large positions, to third regional senators. The Student Senate Council meets monthly, usually in Sacramento, for rigorous two-day policy meetings.
Each year the Student Senate Council holds its annual organizational meeting in July. The five statewide Executive Officers are selected from amongst the 30 Council Members at this organizational meeting. The Executive Officers are a President, a Vice President, a Secretary,a Treasurer and a Communications Officer. Together, these five Executive Officers form the Executive Committee of the SSCCC.
Much of the work of the SSCCC is conducted through its committee structure. The Student Senate maintains standing, ad hoc, and operational committees as well as other task forces and work groups as deemed necessary. Members and chairs of the committees are Student Senate Council members, however any interested students are encouraged to participate in the meetings.
For more information about the SSCCC, please visit the organization's official website at http://www.studentsenateccc.org.

</doc>
<doc id="18988620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988620" title="Antelope Valley Project">
Antelope Valley Project

The Antelope Valley Project is a flood control, economic development, transportation and community revitalization project in Lincoln, Nebraska. Centered on the flood control channel provided for Lincoln's Antelope Creek, the project is planned to run from just beyond J Street in the South to Salt Creek to the North, with the creek fully contained within the channel. The total cost of the project is $238,000,000. The project is the largest public works project in the history of the city.
Overview.
Lincoln's Antelope Valley Project creates a fresh aesthetic and a critical infrastructure complex. Everything centers around the 'wandering' and occasionally flooded Antelope Creek--now with the Project's new waterway as a control. A Project design/map can be found at: http://www.lincoln.ne.gov/city/pworks/projects/antelope/phasing/pdf/phasing.pdf. 
The Project creates a green belt in the heart of the city. Ponds, fountains, pools, trees, flowers, decorative grasses, benches, sculpture, parks and lamps dot the project. Vehicular and pedestrian bridges add utility and a post modern aesthetic. Other project features include: Antelope Valley Parkway, a vehicular traffic way running from Cornhusker Highway South via the Parkway merging into Capital Parkway; a major vehicle arterial running from 27th Street West via State Fair Road merging into Salt Creek Roadway at the 'big X' and onto 9th Street; miles of recreational trails connected to an extensive city trail network; rail, pedestrian and vehicular bridges across the waterway; Trago Park and Union Plaza, both interactive water venues: access to the University of Nebraska-Lincoln campus and the planned UNL research park through pedestrian and bicycle trails, bridges as well as major vehicular parkways, enumerated above.
"Project waterway".
The waterway carries the 100-year flood run-off. It centers on the new grass-lined Antelope Creek waterway. To create the channel, the Corps of Engineers designed and managed a 'big dig'--miles in length. Water flows North into the larger Salt Creek. Aside from providing the channeling complex for the last miles of the creek, the waterway connects on the South directly with Antelope Creek as it flows from Holms Lake to the Southeast. 
Union Plaza.
The $7,000,000 Plaza forms the aesthetic, entertainment and social centerpiece of the Project *. This 'central park' creates a water-theme/people interactive venue. Plaza designers, the Clark Enersen Partners **, splashed a water theme everywhere--from multilevel water features to colored wave embedded pavement. The Plaza includes the Lincoln amphitheater, a water plaza with fountains and ponds, festival areas, play areas, sculptures, a scenic overlook, gathering spots, and event parking. All of this--the ponds, major fountains and other water features create a unique, experience. Anticipated surrounding the Plaza are: restaurants, shops, offices, other businesses, housing and a possible UNL Research Park extension (*under construction--completion 2010).
The park runs along both the East and West sides of the waterway from O Street, North to R Street (between 21st and 22nd streets. Union Bank & Trust Company contributed substantially to the Plaza (2008).
Auto parkway.
Relocating crowded city street is a significant element of a three-part major arterial project. 
Part I. Antelope Valley Parkway provides a six-lane traffic way running the length of and parallel to the waterway (West side).* Bridges criss-cross the channel at Military Road, 'Big Y,' Y, Vine, Q, P, O*, N** and J* streets. Bridges and overpasses provide access to UNL on the West, to the UNL research park on the East, to arterials and to streets. Connecting to Cornhusker Highway on the North, Antelope Valley Parkway will run approximately . 
Part II. At S Street, the arterial breaks away from the channel and follows 19th Street southward, connecting Antelope Valley Parkway with Capitol Parkway at K and L streets **. The resulting merged arterials will continue on Southeast to Capitol Parkway end (at 48th Street). 
Part III. The 27th Street/9 Street connection creates a continuous East/West parkway from 27th Street (East entrance), connecting State Fair Road to Salt Creek Parkway*, intersecting with Antelope Valley Parkway at 'the Big X,' and continuing onward to merge into 9th street on the West*. (*under construction) (**construction pending)
Hike and bike trails.
Running parallel to the Parkway, pedestrian walkways and trails provide the city and the university area extensive walking and biking trails. The Project extends and partially comprises the extensive Trails in Lincoln, NE. It contains an elaborate trail component--a hub for Lincoln's trail network--trail extensions and more. Trails extend the length of the channel *, connecting to Union Plaza *; to channel bridge crossings; to the future UNL research park*; to the downtown UNL campus and Devaney Sports Complex; to new trails outside the channel, e.g. from J Street, to Randolph *; and to existing trails including Jaimaca North, Dietrich, Salt Creek Levee Trail; Oak Lake and Rock Island trails; various on street trail connections and other trails/trail extensions *. A MoPac Trail extension * runs between the Parkway on the West to 27th and beyond on the East (between W and Y streets). A MoPac trail overpass crosses 27th. (*under construction)
Urban revitalization.
Urban revitalization stands as a major Antelope Valley Project goal. A revitalization corridor runs form N Street North to Holdridge. Plans include the development of residential and office/retail complexes. To date, numerous multi-family housing units have been constructed in an area from the channel North on Vine and East to 27th. The first known Antelope Valley entrepreneurial projects are: Shannon Narner's, Hoppe Partners development between K and L streets and 19th/20th and Rick Krueger's commercial development begun in late 2008. Further development could await completion of pending city development standards. Related to those standards and project requirements, forty plus structures have been removed to make-way for the project. Additional removals are planned as projects, such as the Antelope Valley Parkway, near completion.
Project aesthetic.
The Project creates a 'green belt' sprawling across the center of the city. Architecture is water-themed throughout. Wave themes, curves and circles predominate design--inlaid into paving, in ponds, in the amphitheater, on retaining walls. The water/wave/nautical theme is melded with post-modern design. Landscape* features 'low water/low maintenance' vegetation. Throughout, both deciduous and evergreen trees dot hike/bike trails and trafficways. Channel banks are grass and grass/cement waffled surfaces. When complete, decorative grasses, flowering shrubs and ground cover will line the trails, waterway and vehicular traffic ways. Bridge design angles, 'metal work' and lamps speak post modern. Retaining walls, while more modern than 'post modern,' are 'designed,' not merely 'poured.' Waved pebbles overlaied with leaves and shells sculpt curved wall faces. (*in process)
Project post-modern/water architecture has spread beyond its borders. Architectural and water themes are tentatively included in the UNL research park (park video flyover: http://www.unl.edu/ucomm/chancllr/nicampus/). To the West the Harris Overpass reflects similar design. To the Southeast, the South Street Bridge (38th and South) will continue the design theme.
Nebraska Innovation Campus/UNL Research Park.
The planned Nebraska Innovation Campus is a $50 million public/private development partnership of the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. This research campus will add to UNL's substantial national research reputation. When complete, the Campus will comprise a sprawling complex of laboratories, ponds and extensive 'green' landscapes stretching throughout the current State Fair Park. Some plans suggest a research development corridor extending as far South as K and L streets. In 2008, the Nebraska Legislature (unicameral) voted to move the Nebraska State Fair to Grand Island, Nebraska, pending funding. Beginning in 2010, the current fair site will gradually 'morph' into the Nebraska Innovation Campus. By late 2008, the first park tenant has been found and other potential park occupants were initially identified and screened from among a numerous interested parties. Initial Federal funding, $1.4 million has been secured.The Antelope Valley Project will provide unexpected research park benefits: two pedestrian bridges, waterway walk/hike/bike trails, cross-creek vehicle bridges--all providing city campus access to the UNL research park and the Bob Devaney Sports Complex. 
The Antelope Valley Project is a partnership between the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, the City of Lincoln and the Natural Resources District (Lower Platte South).

</doc>
<doc id="18988624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988624" title="Holler Back">
Holler Back

Holler Back is the fifth studio album by American country music group The Lost Trailers. It was released on August 26, 2008 as their second album for BNA Records. The album's title track was released in March 2008, becoming their first Top 10 hit that year with a peak at number 9. Following it was "How 'bout You Don't", a Top 20 hit. "All This Love" was originally chosen as the third single for release in June 2009 but after "Country Folks Livin' Loud" charted as an album cut, it was released as the album's next single.
Content.
Four songs from the group's 2006 album "The Lost Trailers" are included on this album: "Hey Baby", "All This Love", "Summer of Love" and "Gravy." The band produced most of the album along with Blake Chancey; Brett Beavers produced the title track, as well as "How 'bout You Don't" and "Things You Don’t Grow Out Of."
"Holler Back".
The album's title track also served as its lead-off single. Written by The Lost Trailers' lead singer Stokes Nielson and Tim James, this song became the band's first Top 40 country single in early 2008, reaching a peak of number 9 late in the year.
"How 'bout You Don't".
"How 'bout You Don't" was the album's second single, with a late 2008 release. Also co-written by Nielson, it reached a peak of number 17 on the country charts in June 2009.
"Country Folks Livin' Loud".
"Country Folks Livin' Loud" was released as the third single in July 2009 after charting as an album cut in June and replacing "All This Love" which was originally slated to be the third single. Vercher also criticized this song and "Holler Back" for their "inane mischaracterizations" of rural life.
Critical reception.
Brady Vercher of The 9513 gave the album one star out of five, calling it "a ten-song amalgamation of uninspired lyrics, crass commercialism, recycled songs, and exaggerated stereotypes that fail to offer anything of substance." "Country Standard Time"'s Robert Loy gave a generally-positive review, praising the band's vocal harmonies and the "thematic consistency" throughout the songs, but thought that the lyrics to "Gravy" were "uncomfortable."

</doc>
<doc id="18988659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988659" title="Getting Off">
Getting Off

Getting Off or Get Off may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18988664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988664" title="Student unionism in Finland">
Student unionism in Finland

In Finland the higher education system comprises two parallel sectors: universities and universities of applied sciences (polytechnics). Universities are characterised by scientific research and the highest education based thereon. Universities of applied sciences are oriented towards working life and base their operations on the high vocational skill requirements set by it.
Universities – ylioppilaskunta.
Every university has a students' union (In Finnish, "ylioppilaskunta"). Membership is mandatory by law for all students studying for a Master's or Bachelor's degree. A student union may also grant membership to other students of the university. Visiting (non-degree) students are ineligible to join a student union. The student unions are based on a parliamentary model, the general assembly (varying from 20 to 60 members) elected every second year using an open list election. The student union is autonomous, its internal life organised by its by-laws. The student unions are considered a part of Finnish administration, however, and their decisions can be appealed against to administrative courts. In such case, the claimant must prove that the decision has violated the law or by-laws.
The student unions are responsible for all representation of the students and elect the student members of different administrative organs, including the board of the university. According to the law, there must be student representation in every administrative body of the university. The student unions are also responsible for the health care of the students and usually coordinate and finance the activities of smaller, more specialized student organizations. For the financing of their activities, the student unions exact a membership fee and engage in different businesses. Differences in the scale of such businesses are mirrored in the fees exacted by the student unions. Generally, the older universities have wealthier student unions. For example, at Helsinki University of Technology, the student union owns and governs the dormitory village on the campus and rents some of their properties to the university itself, while the Student Union of the University of Helsinki owns several buildings in the very centre of the Helsinki city and has assets of more than 0.5 billion euros.
The university student unions organise extra curriculum activities, such as parties, sports events and access to sports facilities. They own a large number of cafeteria chains and even a multinational travel agency. Nearly all student unions publish one or more magazines, and some larger student unions offer nursing services for mothers while they go to the lectures. They are also a very active political power, commenting anything from municipal plans to national abortion laws. Student unions have organised demonstrations with up to 100,000 demonstrators and also run campaigns to affect the national and local politics during the elections. The National Union of University Students in Finland (SYL) pushed meal support into legislation in the 1970s, which nowadays provides all higher education students meals costing only €2.60, not depending in the chain where one eats at. SYL also was able to negotiate even up to a 50% discount on public transportation for the students.
The Helsinki university student union status was written into laws by the Russian emperor Alexander II in 1868. And some of the university organisations' status is still nowadays effective with the 1800s laws. Later on, during the civil war of Finland, the student unions held significant role in flourishing the Finnish culture, and the Finnish national anthem was first sung by the university students. Many of the Finnish presidents and high-ranking politicians have started their career in universities' student union politics.
The student unions are members of The National Union of University Students in Finland (SYL) [http://www.syl.fi], which represents the university students on the national and the international levels (a member of ESIB). SYL also takes part in the national law making process in topics related to the universities, students economical issues and the education. Part of the student unions are politically active, while in others, nations and subject association groups are dominant in the general assembly. Some of the student unions are active in municipal, global and local political questions, whereas some of the student unions see the protection of their students economical situation and educational rights as their only mission.
Polytechnics / Universities of Applied Sciences.
Every university of applied sciences also has a student union, and its status is guaranteed by law (according to the law it is a public corporation like ylioppilaskunta). The student unions are much younger in this sector because the dual model system that makes the higher education in Finland came in 1996. Membership in "opiskelijakunta" differs from "ylioppilaskunta", because the membership is not mandatory and every student can decide if he or she wants to join the student union.
In Finland, the student union is autonomous, its internal life organized by its by-laws which are confirmed by the rector. The student unions are based on a parliamentary model, the general assembly elected every year. The student union represents all students and is responsible in electing the student members of different administrative organs. The student union finances its operations mainly with membership fees, financial support from the university and small business operations.
The student unions are members of the organization Union of Students in Finnish Universities of Applies Sciences (SAMOK) [http://www.samok.fi]. SAMOK represents students on both the national and international level (a member of ESIB). Student unions in Finland are not politically active and the candidate lists for general assembly elections are not divided into political parties such as usually the case in universities.
Secondary schools / Upper secondary school's student council.
Most upper secondary schools have an elected student body, which keeps in contact with the rector and the staff. There exists four national school student unions: The Union of Finnish Upper Secondary School Students (In Finnish, "Suomen Lukiolaisten Liitto") which represents students in general upper secondary education, Suomen opiskelija-allianssi - OSKU and Ammattiin opiskelevat - SAKKI who both represent students in vocational upper secondary education, and The Swedish-speaking School Student Union of Finland (In Swedish, "Finlands Svenska Skolungdomsförbund") which represents Swedish-speaking students in both general and vocational upper secondary education (as well as Swedish-speaking students in the upper classes of primary school, which as a group has no other national representation).
Conscription army - Reserve Officer School.
The Finnish conscription army conscripts, who have been recruited as the aspiring officers-in-reserve form a Reserve Officer School student council. As a curiosity, it is being a democratically governed and is an autonomous organization of conscripts within a military structure.

</doc>
<doc id="18988669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988669" title="Rușavățu River">
Rușavățu River

The Rușavățu River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18988693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988693" title="Mohawk 4 Ice Centre">
Mohawk 4 Ice Centre

Mohawk 4 Ice Centre is a recreation complex found in Mohawk Sports Park on Mountain Brow Boulevard near Mohawk Road East in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
At over , The Mohawk 4 Ice Centre includes 4 NHL sized ice pads, a total of twenty-four change rooms, a large multi-purpose room, sports retail outlet, offices, administration and food and beverage facilities on both floors. A conservative estimate of attendance in a single season of use for The Mohawk 4 Ice Centre is over 1,500,000 attendees. 
It is also the home of the Stoney Creek Oldtimers Hockey Association, Hamilton Junior Bulldogs and the Civic Employees Hockey League. It is also the home of NRHL - (Nustadia Recreational Hockey League
It is the Premier Skating & Hockey training facility in the city. A number of workshops are held there and these include; Pro Hockey Life Academy, and a number of power skating programs, Velenosi Powerskating, and Kelly Reed Hockey
A number of Hamilton area NHL and pro hockey players use the facility for off-season training.

</doc>
<doc id="18988773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988773" title="Edgar, Florida">
Edgar, Florida

Edgar is an unincorporated community in Putnam County, Florida, United States, located southwest of the town of Interlachen.

</doc>
<doc id="18988823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988823" title="Coutilier">
Coutilier

The coutilier (also coutillier, coustillier) was a title of a low-ranking professional soldier in Medieval French armies. A coutilier was a member of the immediate entourage of a French knight or a squire called lances fournies. The presence of the coutilier is first recorded in a French Ordinance of 1445 The coutilier also had a place in the Burgundian army of Charles the Bold, being described in detail the military regulations of 1473. Coutiliers are also mentioned in the Breton military regulations of March 1450. The rank existed until the early 16th century .
Equipment.
The name "coutilier" seems to derive from their being equipped with a long knife or short sword called a "coustille". According to Ewart Oakeshott, the term originally meant a type of infantryman or brigand. However, by the time detailed descriptions appear in the mid-15th century, the coutilier is clearly a lightly armoured horseman. A French coutilier of 1446 was equipped with a helmet, leg armour, a haubergeon, jack or brigandine, a dagger, sword and either a demilance or a voulge. The equipment of a Burgundian coutilier in 1473 is almost identical, with the substitution of a javelin for the demi-lance or voulge (javelin here meaning a light spear, not a throwing weapon). His horse should be worth at least 30 écus.

</doc>
<doc id="18988870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988870" title="Net Impact">
Net Impact

Net Impact is a nonprofit membership organization for students and professionals interested in using business skills in support of various social and environmental causes. It serves both a professional organization and one of the largest student organizations among MBAs in the world. From its central office in San Francisco, the organization supports over 200 autonomous volunteer-run chapters and a membership base of over 10,000, with programs and networking events centered on topics such as corporate social responsibility, social entrepreneurship, nonprofit management, international development, and environmental sustainability.
Historical background.
Net Impact was founded in 1993 as Students for Responsible Business (SRB). Its inaugural conference was convened by 13 graduate business students in collaboration with Dr. Mark Albion and a handful of members of Social Venture Network, an organization that has been a launching pad for several other organizations within the business and society movement. The organization grew steadily in its first few years as an organization exclusively for graduate students.
Beginning in 1998, a professional network of SRB alumni began to form. The organization was renamed Net Impact in 1999 in part to accommodate a shift toward inclusion of professional MBA graduates. The first professional chapter was launched in San Francisco in 2001, and in 2008 professionals made up 44% of all dues-paying members, and 23% of chapters.
In 2007, an undergraduate pilot program was initiated, growing to 34 undergraduate chapters by early-2009.
While the bulk of Net Impact’s activity has been focused in the United States, international chapters began as early as 1997 at INSEAD in Fontainebleau, France. The inaugural European conference was held in Geneva, Switzerland in June, 2008 in partnership with HEC Geneva IOMBA, INSEAD and the University of Nottingham. As of 2008 there were 40 student and professional chapters located outside the United States, on six continents.
Between 2004 and 2008, under the leadership of Executive Director Liz Maw, the organization increased its paid membership nearly fivefold, in keeping with a growth trend that has been identified among MBAs and society at large toward interest in responsible business practices.
Programs.
Conferences.
Net Impact’s most familiar program is its annual (North America) Conference, which takes place in partnership with a prestigious business school every year in autumn. Conferences are well attended (2,625 attendees in 2011) and feature inspirational speeches by business leaders who personify corporate responsibility and the social contributions of successful businesses. Net Impact’s North American Conferences have been located at:
Past keynote speakers at the conference have included Sally Jewell, President and CEO of REI; Yvon Chouinard, Founder of Patagonia; Tensie Whelan, Executive Director of the Rainforest Alliance; Chad Holliday, CEO of DuPont; Honorable Al Gore, Chairman of Generation Investment Management and former Vice President of the United States; Tom Chappell, CEO and Founder of Tom's of Maine; Gary Erickson, CEO of Clif Bar, Inc.; and Orin Smith, President and CEO of Starbucks Coffee Company.
Publications.
Net Impact produces an annual guide to graduate business programs titled Business as UNusual, soliciting the help of its chapters to report on how far sustainability is integrated into over 50 top-tier business schools, for the benefit of prospective students. Since 1996, It also has produced studies of the opinions of graduate and undergraduate students on the role business should play in society; a Social Impact Career Handbook for individuals interested in learning about possible career tracks using business and social responsibility; and the CSR Jobs Report, in partnership with Ellen Weinreb CSR Recruiting, analyzing the market for CSR jobs as well as jobs within socially responsible companies.
Other Programs.
Through its chapters, events and online career center, Net Impact provides members with an array of opportunities for networking and finding a job that meets both their material and ideological requirements. For professionals, the organization also offers the Impact at Work program to help members change their companies’ practices from within. Programs under the umbrella of Nonprofit Capacity Building, such as Board Fellows and Service Corps, support members interested in volunteering for nonprofits on a pro bono basis and gaining key experience in the process.
At universities, Net Impact supports both campus greening and curriculum change initiatives that its members are engaged in, and its annual Green Challenge, open to students and professionals alike, serves to catalyze the sustainability movement among business students and create effective plans for environmental improvements. Thomas Robertson, Dean of the Wharton School, cited Net Impact activities at Wharton as evidence in an article where he claimed, “Social responsibility is no longer relegated to the relatively small percentage of students who seek to work in the nonprofit sector. It has become integrated into our way of thinking in business education and in the coming years needs to be further developed.” 
References.
Net Impact Case Competition (NICC)

</doc>
<doc id="18988931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988931" title="Amanli">
Amanli

Amanli (, also Romanized as Amānlī) is a village in Raz Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 832, in 204 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="18988957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988957" title="Adolfo Bellocq">
Adolfo Bellocq

Adolfo Bellocq (1899–1972) was an influential Argentine artist known for his lithographs.
Born in Buenos Aires, Bellocq was self-taught in the art of xylography and engraving. He was appointed Director of the Lithography Workshop at Buenos Aires' renowned Ernesto de la Cárcova Fine Arts School, in 1928. Soon earning his first awards for in his evocative work portraying harsh working conditions then prevailing in Buenos Aires' southside slaughterhouses, Bellocq parlayed this accomplishment into the first Argentine Lithography Exposition, in 1931.
Contributing to Buenos Aires' premier art periodical at the time, "Claridád", he began working closely with a number of the magazine's other contributors, forming what became known at the "Boedo Group" (named after the southside avenue where "Claridád" was published). He also illustrated a number of books, notably a 1930 edition of José Hernández's "Martín Fierro".
Bellocq drew the attention of Buenos Aires art patrons like Francisco Colombo and Eduardo Bullrich and was awarded a silver medal at the Paris International Art Exposition of 1937; but, though Colombo and Bullrich financed the curation of over 400 examples, over 2000 of Bellocq's lithographs were lost over the years due to his having made them on newsprint and untreated wooden planks.

</doc>
<doc id="18988966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18988966" title="Art Metal (band)">
Art Metal (band)

Art Metal is a progressive metal/jazz fusion band based in Sweden and led by Jonas Hellborg. Some of the line-up includes guitarist Mattias Eklundh of Freak Kitchen fame, the Johansson brothers who have both contributed to the solo career of Yngwie J. Malmsteen and Jonas Hellborg, an influential musician and solo artist in the jazz music scene. The band's music also has plenty of Indian music influence.
Mattias Eklundh and Jonas Hellborg made the cover of the Swedish Fuzz Magazine in support of Art Metal.

</doc>
<doc id="18989004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989004" title="Devon Tower">
Devon Tower

Devon Energy Center is a 50-story corporate skyscraper in downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and is tied as the 39th tallest building in the United States. Construction began October 6, 2009, and was completed in October 2012. The tower is located next to the historic Colcord Hotel, which Devon currently owns, on Sheridan Avenue between Hudson and Robinson Avenues.
The office tower, a six-story rotunda and a six-story podium structure comprise more than and was initially estimated to cost $750 million; however, the first formal appraisal of the tower and complex came in at only $707.9 million. It serves as the northern anchor of Oklahoma City's aggressive Core to Shore downtown redevelopment project.
History.
Devon World Headquarters LLC, a subsidiary of Oklahoma City-based Devon Energy Corporation, built the new headquarters skyscraper to replace their existing building, Mid America Tower, as well as other space the company was leasing in a number of office towers in the central business district.
Devon Tower was originally planned to be 54 stories and tall. However, subsequent space planning revisions—including a decision to locate the data center to a separate facility for security reasons—resulted in a reduced height of , including 50 stories.
Site preparation and demolition began October 6, 2009. The Holder Construction Company served as primary general contractor, and Flintco, Inc. the minority partner in the joint venture.
Construction.
Construction started on October 6, 2009. On February 25th, 2010 the first crane was installed. The second crane was installed on June 25, 2010.
In July 2010 construction had reached above street level.
In September 2010 construction topped the 10th floor. In November, workers started installing glass on the bottom levels of the tower.
In December 2010 the building reached the 22nd floor.
In March 2011 the Devon Tower reached the 34th floor.
In June 2011 the Devon Tower reached the 46th floor. 
On July 5, 2011 the Devon Tower reached the 46th floor while the glass reached the 36th floor.
The building marked its topping out at 50 stories on September 21, 2011.
Events.
Devon Tower surpassed Chase Tower as the tallest building in Oklahoma City on March 10, 2011.
On May 17, 2011 the Devon Tower became the tallest building in Oklahoma, rising above Tulsa's BOK Tower.
A topping-out ceremony was held on September 21, 2011, as the Devon Tower reached its final height.
On October 23, 2012, Devon Tower marked its opening ceremony. Devon Energy CEO, Larry Nichols said that there will not be a public observation deck, instead a restaurant named "Vast" is open to the general public and occupies the top two floors. Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett attended the opening ceremony and stated that, "The visual impact it has on the city is so striking and so identifiable. It took just over three years to complete the building that has quickly become a staple in our city's skyline."

</doc>
<doc id="18989052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989052" title="Hugo Miranda (footballer)">
Hugo Miranda (footballer)

Hugo Miranda (born 8 August 1980 in Asunción) is a footballer from Paraguay.
Career.
Miranda started his career in 2002 with Sport Colombia in the Paraguayan First Division. In 2005, he transferred to MyPa of Finland.
Miranda currently plays as a defender for FF Jaro in the Finnish Veikkausliiga.

</doc>
<doc id="18989087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989087" title="WNBW-DT">
WNBW-DT

WNBW-DT is the NBC-affiliated television station for North Central Florida licensed to Gainesville. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on VHF channel 9 from a transmitter in Newberry. The station can also be seen on Cox and CommuniComm Services channel 9. There is a high definition feed offered on Cox digital channel 1009. Owned by MPS Media, WNBW is operated through a local marketing agreement (LMA) by New Age Media. This makes it sister to CBS affiliate WGFL, low-powered MyNetworkTV affiliate WMYG-LP, and Class A Me-TV affiliate WYME-CA. All four share studios on Northwest 80th Boulevard in Gainesville along I-75/SR 93. 
Syndicated programming on WNBW includes "Two and a Half Men", "How I Met Your Mother", "Judge Judy", and "The Office" among others. The Gainesville market is located between several other Florida DMAs. In these areas, local cable systems opt instead for the affiliate for its market instead of WNBW. This includes Bright House Networks and Cox in Ocala (part of the Orlando market) that both offer WESH (in Cox's case the system only offers WESH in Ocala). In Lake City (part of the Jacksonville DMA) Comcast provides WTLV.
History.
In June 2008, WGFL announced it would be launching a new digital-only television station on September 8. Originally known since 1996 by its construction permit number, 960920WR, the station received the WNBW-DT calls on August 18. Its signal was activated for testing on September 4. New Age Media officially launched the station on December 31, 2008 at 11:59 p.m through an LMA with MPS Media. On that date, WNBW began regular programming bringing local NBC service back to Gainesville since WCJB-TV switched its affiliation from the network to ABC in 1973. It holds rights to enforce black-outs on out-of-market stations carrying NBC and syndicated programming such as WESH in Orlando which originally served Gainesville and Ocala as the de facto affiliate. Cox began offering WNBW on channel 9 beginning January 16. However, WESH's analog and digital feeds remain on the system. 
The station had a construction permit for airing an analog signal on UHF channel 29. However, this was not activated before the analog shutdown on June 12, 2009. Originally, WNBW indicated it would eventually air some local programming including local newscasts by the start of 2010. This is required to maintain its NBC affiliation. Due to the low wattage of its transmitter, any usable signal is not received for the majority of Gainesville residents. Ironically, WYME broadcasts a higher-powered analog signal even though it is a Class A station. That station, which had been serving as a repeater of WMYG, became a separate outlet and joined Me-TV. The service is a network specifically designed for digital subchannels offering classic television sitcoms, dramas, and classic commercials from the 1950s through 1980s. WNBW launched a second digital subchannel to offer WYME a digital signal.
On September 25, 2013, New Age Media announced that it would sell most of its stations, including WGFL and WMYG-LP, to the Sinclair Broadcast Group. Concurrently, MPS Media will sell WNBW-DT to Cunningham Broadcasting; the station will continue to be operated by WGFL. 
Digital Television.
The station's digital signal is multiplexed. WYME-CA does not currently air a digital signal, as with the case of many Class A stations. A digital simulcast is provided on WNBW-DT2 currently for that purpose.
Newscasts.
WNBW broadcasts "GTN News", which is produced by the Independent News Network from its studios in Davenport, Iowa, and supplemented by local reporters in the Gainesville area. On weeknights, WNBW simulcasts with WGFL at 5:30, 6:00 and 11:00 p.m.; the 11:00 p.m. newscast can be delayed on either station due to network obligations. WGFL and WNBW also simulcasts local news and weather cut-ins on weekday mornings during their network national shows.

</doc>
<doc id="18989106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989106" title="Teresa Ruiz">
Teresa Ruiz

Teresa Ruiz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18989132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989132" title="Amankənd (Ameni-Kend)">
Amankənd (Ameni-Kend)

Amankənd (also, Amankend and Ameni-Kend) is a village in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18989145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989145" title="Jacques-Étienne Belhomme">
Jacques-Étienne Belhomme

Jacques-Étienne Belhomme (29 January 1800 – 16 February 1880) was a French psychiatrist who was a native of Paris. He was the son of carpenter Jacques Belhomme (1737-1824), who managed a "maison de santé" (Pension Belhomme) for the insane on Rue de Charonne in Paris.
Belhomme studied medicine in Paris, and worked under Jean-Étienne Dominique Esquirol (1772-1840) at the Salpêtrière. His 1824 dissertation, "Essai sur l´idiotie" was one of the earliest works dedicated to the education of the mentally handicapped. After his father's death in 1824, he inherited the elder Belhomme's "maison de santé".
Belhomme was a leading figure in French phrenology, and believed that insanity could be anatomically localized in certain regions of the brain. In 1839 he became secretary of the "Société phrénologique". Publications by Belhomme include:

</doc>
<doc id="18989215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989215" title="Pixie cut">
Pixie cut

A pixie cut is a short hairstyle worn by women, generally short on the back and sides of the head and slightly longer on the top. Pixie cuts were popularized first in the late 1950s when Audrey Hepburn wore the style in her debut film "Roman Holiday", and later in the 1960s by actress Mia Farrow and British supermodel Twiggy, then even later by "Laugh-In" star Goldie Hawn. Jean Seberg also sported a pixie cut. 
The pixie cut has been or is being worn by women of all ages today. Celebrities such as Alyssa Milano, Anne Hathaway, Ashlee Simpson, Ashley Greene, Beyonce, Carey Mulligan, Charlize Theron, Dannii Minogue, Elisha Cuthbert, Emily Browning, Emma Watson, Evan Rachel Wood, Frankie Sandford, Ginnifer Goodwin, Halle Berry, Jamie Lee Curtis, Jessie J, Jennifer Lawrence, Judi Dench, Katie Holmes, Keira Knightley, Lauren Holly, Léa Seydoux, Mandy Moore, Mariska Hargitay, Mia Wasikowska, Michelle Williams, Miley Cyrus, Natalie Portman, Nena, Olivia Thirlby, Rihanna, Sandy Duncan, Victoria Beckham and Winona Ryder have all sported, or are currently sporting pixie cuts.
Depending on the style, pixies range from as short as a half inch in some places to two or three inches long in others. Pixies are very easy to maintain and can be worn casually, or dressed up for special occasions.
See also.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18989233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989233" title="Michael Solski">
Michael Solski

Michael Solski (October 2, 1918—October 19, 1999) was a union leader, politician, and author in the Canadian province of Ontario. He was president of the International Union of Mine, Mill, and Smelter Workers (Mine Mill) Local 598 from 1952 to 1959, at a time when it was the largest single local in Canada. He later served as the mayor of Coniston (1962–1972) and of Nickel Centre (1973–1978). At the end of his career, he was the target of a failed assassination attempt.
Early life and union activism.
Solski was born to a working-class family in Coniston and was raised in the community. In 1935, he began working at the same local Inco smelter that also employed his father and grandfather. From 1942 to 1944, he was chair of the Coniston Plant Union Organizing Committee that led to affiliation with Mine Mill. He was elected as a Coniston town councillor in 1945 and served until 1948.
Break with the CCF.
Solksi was a member of Sudbury's Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) Trade Union Committee in the 1940s, at a time when the local party organization was engaged in an extremely bitter dispute with the CCF's provincial leadership, who charged that Mine Mill in Sudbury was dominated by members of the rival Communist Party of Canada. This dispute took place against the backdrop of a rivalry between Mine Mill and the United Steelworkers of America for control of Local 598. The Steelworkers leadership was closely aligned with that of the CCF, and provincial Steelworkers leader Charles Millard was a very close political ally of CCF organizer David Lewis. (Ted Jolliffe, who served as Ontario CCF leader in this period, later remarked that the rivalry between Mine Mill and Steel, rather than charges of communist infiltration, was the real reason for the dispute.)
Solski left the CCF after Robert Carlin, the local Member of Provincial Parliament (MPP) and a Mine Mill stalwart, was denied renomination as a CCF candidate in the buildup to the 1948 provincial election. Carlin ran as an independent CCF candidate, and Solksi oversaw his campaign headquarters. The CCF fielded an official candidate against Carlin, resulting in a vote split and the election of a Progressive Conservative candidate. Solski remained a bitter opponent of the CCF and especially of David Lewis in the years that followed. (Despite their political alliance, Solski also disliked Carlin on a personal level. In the 1980s, he described Carlin as a "figurehead" union organizer who "never negotiated a goddammed contract in his life.")
Local 598 leader.
Solski became Local 598's vice-president in 1949 and was elected its president in 1952. Mine Mill's rivalry with the Steelworkers continued in full force during this period, and Solski had to fend off attempted raids on his membership. In what was presumably a bid to win the support of rank-and-file Steelworkers members, Solski actually pledged a significant amount of money for Steel in its battles against mine owners in Northern Ontario and Quebec during the early 1950s. Discussions over the manner of payment ended in acrimony, however, and ultimately no money was sent. 
In September 1958, Local 598 conducted its first ever strike at Inco. Just before the strike, Solski held direct talks with Ontario premier Leslie Frost in a bid for a negotiated settlement. The job action was resolved four months later, after negotiations with provincial labour minister Charles Daley. 
Solski was defeated in his 1959 bid for re-election by Donald Gillis, amidst a local backlash against Local 598's left-leaning leadership. Gillis was backed by the Steelworkers and favoured affiliation with the Canadian Labour Congress; he also accused Solski of mishandling the union's funds, a charge that Solski angrily denied.
Solski returned to an executive position with Mine Mill in 1960, winning election as the leader of its newly formed eastern district, which covered Ontario and Manitoba. He was a frequent rival to Gillis in this period, and at least one meeting of Local 598 ended in a violent confrontation between the rival camps. Several years later, it was revealed that Inco had hired former Nazis to disrupt the union's activities.
The Steelworkers won the right to represent Inco workers in 1962, and Solski reluctantly joined the rival union. He did not return to a position of leadership.
During his time as president of Local 598, Solski was regarded as an ally of Mine Mill's national and international leaders, many of whom were communists. He consistently denied accusations that he was himself a communist or was acting under the influence of the Communist Party. The author Cameron Smith has written that Local 598 was never under full communist control and was large enough to act on its own accord, without recourse to Mine Mill's national or international leadership. During the 1980s, Solski said, "I was the president of the largest local in Canada [...] I could tell the international president to go to hell if I wanted to."
Return to electoral politics.
Solski was elected as the mayor of Coniston in 1962 and was re-elected three times. He also ran as a candidate of the Ontario Liberal Party in the 1967 provincial election, finishing third against New Democrat Party (NDP) candidate Elie Martel in Sudbury East. Solski's radical labour past was used against him in this election when NDP Member of Provincial Parliament (MPP) Ken Bryden described him as a "commie" during a legislative debate. In later years, Solski became a prominent local organizer for the Liberal Party of Canada.
Solski helped bring about Coniston's amalgamation into the new municipality of Nickel Centre in 1972, shortly after Inco shut down its Coniston factory. He was elected as Nickel Centre's first mayor and also became the first vice-chair of the Regional Municipality of Sudbury. Solski was re-elected as mayor in 1974 and 1976 before losing to Garry Lacey in 1978.
On November 15, 1978, Solski was shot by a disgruntled ratepayer while attending his final council meeting. He eventually recovered, but suffered partial paralysis in one arm for the rest of his life. His shooter was found not guilty of attempted murder by reason of insanity.
Later years.
Solski chaired a group that published a work of pictoral history entitled "The Coniston Story" in 1983. The following year, he co-authored a book entitled "Mine Mill: The History of the International Union of Mine, Mill and Smelter Workers in Canada since 1895."
Solski died of heart failure in 1999. At the time of his death, he was a member of the Coniston Hydro Electric Commission and the Sudbury Municipal Restructuring Association. The latter group lobbied for restructuring Sudbury into a single, one-tier government, a cause that Solski had long supported. He was also active with the Canada-Cuba Friendship Committee. In his last published editorial, Solski criticized the spending practices of Sudbury's municipal government and called on the provincial government to intervene.

</doc>
<doc id="18989237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989237" title="Sweetwater Sound">
Sweetwater Sound

Sweetwater Sound, Inc. is one of the United States' largest dealers in musical equipment for musicians, recording studios, schools, house of worship, concert sound companies and broadcasters. Sweetwater sells pro audio equipment, digital recording systems, pianos and keyboards, guitars, microphones, mixers, loudspeakers, signal processors, and drums.
History.
Chuck Surack established the company in 1979 in Fort Wayne, Indiana so that he wouldn't have to be on the road as a touring musician any more. The company originally offered recording services via a remote recording studio in Surack's Volkswagen microbus and a recording studio based out of his home. When the Kurzweil K250 programmable keyboard and sampler was introduced in 1984, Surack became known for his custom K250 sound library and programming skills as well as his upgrade kits. Surack became a Kurzweil dealer, but his clients were asking for advice regarding other products as well. Surack expanded Sweetwater to become a music retailer whose emphasis was pre- and post-sale customer service. By 1990, with 6 employees and annual sales of $6 million, Sweetwater had outgrown Surack's home and moved into its own commercial building.
In 1995, Sweetwater mounted an informational website: www.sweetwater.com, and by 1999, most of the inventory was available for purchase online. "Electronic Musician" included sweetwater.com as one of nine essential online information resources for a musician, due to its 63,000 pages including instructional videos, demos and technical documents.
Expansion.
In 2006, with 220 employees and continued business growth, Sweetwater commissioned MSKTD & Associates, Inc. to design and master plan a new 44-acre corporate campus. The new headquarters, consisting of corporate offices, a distribution center with warehouse, and a retail store, also included the Sweetwater Productions recording studio complex and 250-seat LARES-equipped performance theater, both designed by Russ Berger Design Group. Sweetwater's new facility was certified LEED Platinum by the U.S. Green Building Council in April, 2009.
Philanthropy.
Majic Miracle Music.
In 2006, Sweetwater Productions and local Fort Wayne radio station WAJI Majic 95.1 started a partnership to record live, acoustic music from nationally-recognized artists and bands traveling through Fort Wayne. These recordings, along with others, have been used to produce "Majic Miracle Music" charity CDs to benefit Riley Hospital for Children in Indianapolis. Artists who recorded at Sweetwater Productions for "Majic Miracle Music" CDs include REO Speedwagon, Ingrid Michaelson, Lenka, Aimee Allen, Jars of Clay, Landon Pigg, Ben Jelen, Josh Kelley, Sara Bareilles, Jon McLaughlin, Gin Blossoms, and Collective Soul.

</doc>
<doc id="18989241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989241" title="Yves Forest">
Yves Forest

Yves Forest, QC (born 25 June 1921 at Sherbrooke, Quebec) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a lawyer by career.
Forest attended school at Saint-Charles Seminary in Sherbrooke, then earned a Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Laws at Université de Montréal.
He was first elected at the Stanstead riding in
the 1963 general election then re-elected there in the 1965 election. In the 1968 election, he was elected to another Parliamentary term at Missisquoi riding. Forest left federal politics when he was defeated in the 1972 federal election at Brome—Missisquoi.
Since January 2004, Forest became a director of the Historical Society of Magog and was honoured for his work in November 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18989266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989266" title="Sam Leitch">
Sam Leitch

Samuel James Leitch (1927 - 1980) was a British television sports presenter. He came from a Scottish family but was actually born in Yarmouth in Norfolk, England.
He was Head of Football at the British Broadcasting Corporation for some years. For several years up to 1974 he presented the "Football Preview" slot on "Grandstand" on a Saturday, previewing the day's matches. This was later to evolve into Football Focus.
Although attributed to commentators David Coleman or Frank Bough it was Leitch who, when the Scottish football team Raith Rovers won a match by a large margin, made the legendary comment "They'll be dancing in the streets of Raith tonight". This was seen as a display of ignorance since Raith Rovers play in the town of Kirkcaldy. There is however a Raith district of Kirkcaldy but this dates from long after the foundation of the team.
Leitch died suddenly from a heart attack in London in 1980 at the age of just 53.

</doc>
<doc id="18989298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989298" title="Alexander of Trichonium">
Alexander of Trichonium

Alexander () of Trichonium in Aetolia was an ancient Greek commander of the Aetolians in 218 and 219 BC. With about three thousand troops he attacked the rear guard (consisting of mercenaries and Acarnanians) of the army of Philip V of Macedon on his return from Thermus, but the attempt was unsuccessful, and many Aetolians were killed in the battle, which ended with the Aetolians being completely routed by Philip's forces.

</doc>
<doc id="18989327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989327" title="Basketball at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's team rosters">
Basketball at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's team rosters

South Korea.
"Korean names listed by family name first"

</doc>
<doc id="18989353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989353" title="Aurélien Noël">
Aurélien Noël

Aurélien Noël (16 September 1904 – 16 December 1991) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Saint-Ferdinand, Quebec and became a chartered accountant, lawyer, lecturer and professor by career.
He was first elected at the Outremont—Saint-Jean riding in a 29 May 1967 by-election, called when the previous Member of Parliament, Maurice Lamontagne, was appointed to the Senate. 
As the 1968 federal election approached, Noël faced some pressure to step aside so that Maurice Sauvé, an area resident, could become the Liberal candidate for the riding, which was then renamed Outremont. However, Noël did not give way to Sauvé and was re-elected to a full term in the 28th Canadian Parliament. Noël's career in Parliament ended when he was replaced as Outremont's Liberal party candidate by Marc Lalonde for the 1972 election. Noël did not participate in another federal election since. He died on 16 December 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18989355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989355" title="USNS Robert D. Conrad (T-AGOR-3)">
USNS Robert D. Conrad (T-AGOR-3)

USNS "Robert D. Conrad" (T-AGOR-3) was a "Robert D. Conrad"-class oceanographic research ship that served the U.S. Navy from 1962 to 1989. During that period – while operated by Columbia University -- she provided valuable ocean-bottom information and underwater test data to the U.S. Navy and other U.S. agencies.
Constructed at Jacksonville, Florida.
"Robert D. Conrad" (AGOR-3) was laid down in January 1961 by Gibbs Shipyards, Inc., Jacksonville, Florida; launched on 26 May 1962; sponsored by Mrs. Edmund B. Taylor; and completed and delivered to the Navy in November 1962.
Assigned to Columbia University.
After delivery, the single screw, diesel-electric, oceanographic research ship, "Robert D. Conrad", was assigned to the Lamont Geological Observatory, Columbia University, for operation. 
Complete with wet and dry laboratories, scientific and chart room, photo laboratory, scientific drafting room, a machine shop, two 24" diameter tubes along the centerline for lowering instruments, and a retractable propeller in the bow to maintain position while working with equipment over the side, "Robert D. Conrad" worked for the Observatory (renamed the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory in 1993) for her entire career.
Searching for the "Thresher".
Much of her work has been in cooperation with the Office of Naval Research and, during the spring and summer of 1963, Submarine Development Group 2 as that group searched the ocean floor for traces of the submarine . 
The ship collected gravity and magnetics data on the seafloor; created seismic images of rock layers below the ocean floor; dredged rock samples; took ocean-floor sediment cores (creating what is now a collection of over 13,000 cores); mapped the ocean floor with sonar; and collected water samples to explore ocean currents, temperature, salinity, marine life and other data for a wide range of oceanographic research.
Inactivation.
"Robert D. Conrad" went out of service and was struck from the Navy List on 4 October 1989. The old research ship was disposed of through scrapping 27 April 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18989384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989384" title="Michael Anhaeuser">
Michael Anhaeuser

Mike Anhaeuser (born August 13, 1969 in Fort Wayne, Indiana) is the head coach and general manager of the USL Second Division Charleston Battery. He played five seasons as a midfielder with the Battery before becoming a coach.
Player.
Anhaeuser attended Indiana University where he played on the men's soccer team from 1988 to 1991. The Hoosiers won the 1988 NCAA Men's Soccer Championship his freshman season. Over his four seasons, he played 115 games and assisted on 14 goals. In 1994, he signed with the Charleston Battery of the USISL. He spent five seasons a midfielder with the Battery, winning the 1996 league championship. Anheauser tore his anterior cruciate ligament during the 1999 pre-season. He retired from playing and became an assistant coach with the team.
Coach.
In 1999, Anhaeuser became an assistant coach with the Charleston Battery, now playing in the USL A-League. In 2005, he was elevated to the position of head coach. In 2006, he was named the USL-1 Coach of the Year after he took the Battery to the post-season semifinals and the third round of the Open Cup. On May 29, 2008 he became general manager of the Battery, a position he holds in addition to his coaching duties.

</doc>
<doc id="18989422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989422" title="Beulah Federal Credit Union">
Beulah Federal Credit Union

Beulah Federal Credit Union is a faith-based financial institution that is owned and operated by the Beulah Church of the Nazarene in Brooklyn, New York. It received its charter from the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) on October 19, 2007, with the mission to serve the church’s 933 members. It also received NCUA low-income designation, which enables it to accept deposits from non-members and to qualify for loans and technical assistance through the NCUA Community Development Revolving Loan Fund Program.
In creating the credit union, the church leadership noted it would focus primarily on financial counseling, savings programs and loans.
In its first six months of operation, the credit union accumulated US$11,874 in assets.

</doc>
<doc id="18989447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989447" title="Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Director of a Musical">
Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Director of a Musical

The Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Director of a Musical was first awarded at the 1974–1975 Drama Desk Awards and has been awarded every year since. Prior to 1975, the Drama Desk Award for Director was presented to directors of plays and musicals.

</doc>
<doc id="18989462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989462" title="Chinese people in Costa Rica">
Chinese people in Costa Rica

Chinese people in Costa Rica form a small part of the Chinese diaspora in Latin America.
History.
The first Chinese migrants arrived in Costa Rica in 1855; they were a group of 77 originally from Guangzhou, who had come to Central America to work on the Panama Railway. Of them, 32 found work on the farm of José María Cañas, while the remaining 45 were hired by Alejandro Von Bulow, an agent sent by the Berlin Colonization Society to prepare suitable sites for German settlement in Costa Rica. During the 1859-1863 administration of José María Montealegre Fernández, laws were promulgated which prohibited the migration of blacks and Asians, in an effort to reserve Costa Rica for European settlers.
Early Chinese migrants typically arrived by sea through the Pacific coast port of Puntarenas; a "Chinese colony" began to form in the area, founded by José Chen Apuy, a migrant from Zhongshan, Guangdong who arrived in 1873. Puntarenas was so widely known among the Chinese community as a destination that some in China mistook it for the name of the whole country.
In the 1970s, Taiwan began to become a major source of Chinese immigration to Costa Rica. However, they formed a transitory group, with many using Costa Rica as a stopover while they waited for permission to settle in the United States or Canada. Those who settled permanently in Costa Rica included many pensioners enjoying their retirement abroad.
Most Chinese immigrants since then have been Cantonese, but in the last decades of the 20th century, a number of immigrants have also come from Taiwan. Many men came alone to work and married Costa Rican women and speak Cantonese. However the majority of the descendants of the first Chinese immigrants no longer speak Cantonese and feel themselves to be Costa Ricans.
Distribution.
There is a sizeable Chinese community in the Puntarenas area and San José, around the "Paseo de los Etudiantes" area (Chinatown).
Crime.
Chinese mafia are believed to have begun operating in Costa Rica in 1991; they are typically involved in collection of gambling debts. Crimes attributed to them include two kidnappings for ransom in October 1998 and two more in May 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18989535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989535" title="Louis Guy LeBlanc">
Louis Guy LeBlanc

Louis Guy LeBlanc (23 January 1921 – 10 November 1990) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Saint-Gabriel, Quebec and became a consulting forestry engineer, land surveyor and life insurance agent by career.
He was first elected at the Rimouski riding in
the 1965 general election, then re-elected there in the 1968 election. After completing his term in the 28th Canadian Parliament, LeBlanc was defeated at Rimouski in the 1972 federal election.
-->

</doc>
<doc id="18989571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989571" title="Revelations (Wynonna Judd album)">
Revelations (Wynonna Judd album)

Revelations is the third studio album by American country music artist Wynonna Judd, released in 1996 on MCA Records in association with Curb Records. It was her first album since "Tell Me Why" three years previous. The album's lead-off single, "To Be Loved by You", was her fourth and final #1 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts. The second single, "Heaven Help My Heart", peaked at #14 on the same chart, while "My Angel Is Here" and "Somebody to Love You" both missed the top 40, becoming the first two singles of her career to do so. The album itself peaked at #2 on the Top Country Albums charts and #9 on The Billboard 200, and was certified platinum by the RIAA.
The track "Free Bird" is a cover of the Lynyrd Skynyrd song, and was previously included on the 1994 tribute album "Skynyrd Frynds".
Personnel.
Strings on "Change the World" and "Love by Grace" performed by the Nashville String Machine, arranged by Steve Dorff.
Additional backing vocals on "Dance! Shout!" by the Born Again Minstrels Church Choir.

</doc>
<doc id="18989594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989594" title="Manitowoc County Airport">
Manitowoc County Airport

Manitowoc County Airport is a county owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northwest of the central business district of Manitowoc, a city in Manitowoc County, Wisconsin, United States. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
Facilities and aircraft.
Manitowoc County Airport covers an area of 414 acres (168 ha) at an elevation of 651 feet (198 m) above mean sea level. It has two asphalt paved runways: 17/35 is 5,001 by 100 feet (1,524 x 30 m) and 7/25 is 3,341 by 100 feet (1,018 x 30 m).
For the 12-month period ending September 10, 2009, the airport had 26,100 aircraft operations, an average of 71 per day: 96% general aviation, 4% air taxi, and <1% military. At that time there were 63 aircraft based at this airport: 86% single-engine, 13% multi-engine, and 2% jet.
The Manitowoc (MTW) VOR/DME is located on field.
Lakeshore Aviation was the fixed base operator (FBO) until 11/30/2013. Manitowoc County took over operations 12/1/2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18989644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989644" title="List of accidents and incidents involving military aircraft before 1925">
List of accidents and incidents involving military aircraft before 1925

This is a list of notable accidents and incidents involving military aircraft grouped by the year in which the accident or incident occurred. Not all of the aircraft were in operation at the time. For more exhaustive lists, see the Bureau of Aircraft Accidents Archives or the Aviation Safety Network or the Scramble on-line magazine accident database. Combat losses are not included except for a very few cases denoted by singular circumstances.
Aircraft terminology.
Information on aircraft gives the type, and if available, the serial number of the operator in italics, the constructors number, also known as the manufacturer's serial number (c/n), exterior codes in apostrophes, nicknames (if any) in quotation marks, flight callsign in italics, and operating units.

</doc>
<doc id="18989653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989653" title="CompassionArt">
CompassionArt

CompassionArt is a charity based in Littlehampton, England founded by songwriter Martin Smith and his wife Anna, with the aim of generating income from works of art to assist in the relief of suffering around the planet.
Retreat in Scotland.
Several songwriters met for a retreat in Perthshire, Scotland, set out to write 10-12 songs and, by the end of the retreat, had completed 22 new songs. In addition to those on the GMA Dove Awards, CompassionArt songwriters include Stu Garrard (of Delirious?), Tim Hughes, Graham Kendrick, Andy Park, Darlene Zschech, Israel Houghton, Paul Baloche, Michael W Smith, Steven Curtis Chapman, Chris Tomlin and Matt Redman. Together the songwriters account for at least 42 million albums sold, 82 No. 1 songs, 10 Grammy Awards, 118 Dove Awards, two Stellar Awards, two American Music Awards, and 98 current CCLI Top 500 songs.
The lead singer of Brazilian band Diante do Trono, Ana Paula Valadão was invited to join the CompassionArt in 2010.
This call came through his work Project India, which collects Indian girls from prostitution by offering them any help necessary.
The recording.
Following the retreat, CompassionArt songwriters began recording the songs in February at the famous Abbey Road Studios in London. Joining the songwriters were musicians Dan Needham, Tommy Sims and Akil Thompson, and engineering were Josiah Bell, Danny Duncan and Sam Gibson. The songwriters continued to record songs in March at Pentavarit Studio in Nashville, joined by guest vocalists Amy Grant, tobyMac and Leeland Mooring, and with Matt Bronleewe and Paul Moak producing and Andy Hunt engineering. With 14 songs now recorded, future recording sessions with the songwriters are planned.
The children on songs like 'Come to the water', 'Highly Favored' and 'There Is Always A Song', are part of Watoto Childrens Choir and were recorded in kampala, Uganda at Watoto church studios. Engineered and recorded by Kiracho Njoroge Jude.
In addition to the songwriters, the publishers, managers, copyright institutes and agents involved all waived their rights and donated their efforts on this project to CompassionArt. The songs are to be given through CompassionArt to help to raise money for the relief of suffering around the planet. One half of the monies received over the songs' lifetimes will go to the songwriters' charities of choice, and the other 50% will go to a charitable project agreed upon by all the songwriters involved.
News about CompassionArt was carried by the Associated Press, Chicago Tribune, Washington Post, Houston Chronicle, MTV, MSN, Canadian Press, ChristianMusicToday.com, "Worship Musician", the front page of Amazon.com, and other publications internationally.
The album "CompassionArt" was released internationally in November 2008.
Awards.
"CompassionArt" became the recipient of the inaugural “Gospel Angel Award” presented by the Gospel Music Channel during the network's telecast of the Dove Awards. GMC created the special award to honor Christian/Gospel artists for helping those in need.
Aims.
Martin and Anna Smith had previously visited India where they were so moved by the poverty that they unsuccessfully tried to bring one girl, Farin, to England. The "CompassionArt" album was dedicated to Farin. Martin Smith and his family went to Uganda in May 2008 to visit some of the Watoto villages outside the capital Kampala, looking at a holistic approach to the care of children. Most of the children they met are orphaned, and some started life rescued from rubbish bins at the side of the road. Smith said in 2009 that the project's success would not be measured in record sales but in lives changed on the ground, with clean water, enough food in a sustainable community and essential medicines.

</doc>
<doc id="18989654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989654" title="Chin Shunshin">
Chin Shunshin


</doc>
<doc id="18989680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989680" title="Dixon Drums">
Dixon Drums

Dixon Drums started as a drum hardware company in 1979 in Germany. They have a presence in Europe, Asia, and most recently in the U.S. with slightly different product lines in each international market. Dixon won "Best in Show" at Winter NAMM 2008 for Best New Drum Product Line category. Dixon Drums' presence in the U.S. is under Kaman Music's drum product line. The US product line launched in 2008 with three kits (a departure for the hardware only products), The Chaos, The Demon, and The Outlaw,
The international product line also includes The Artisan, and The Predator kits.
Dixon celebrate its 30th anniversary with 30 year event at 2009 Frankfurt Messe. Special custom drum kit with hardware were given to the winner at the drawing. To enter the drawing, one must have completed all three events including sound, Pedal speed and snare beat testing.

</doc>
<doc id="18989689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989689" title="Victor Forget">
Victor Forget

Victor Forget was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a medical representative by career.
He was elected at the Saint-Michel riding in
the 1968 general election and served only one term in the 28th Canadian Parliament. Forget left federal office and did not participate in any further elections. 

</doc>
<doc id="18989692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989692" title="Seraa Ala El Remal">
Seraa Ala El Remal

Seraa Ala El Remal ("Wars on Sand," also known as "Conflict on the Sand") is a Syrian Arab soap opera/telenovela first aired on Dubai TV during Ramadan 2008. It was written by Palestinian writer Hani Saadi, directed by Hatem Ali, and produced by Dubai Media.
Description.
"Seraa Ala El Remal" chronicles the lives of around Arab Bedouin in the desert during the early eighteenth century, weaving the fates of different people gathered by love and dispersed by the war, with stories of love and horsemanship, loyalty, betrayal and revenge.
The most expensive Arabic TV series ever, the estimated cost to produce "Seraa Ala El Remal" was $ 6 million. It was filmed from October 2007 through February 2008 in Dubai, Morocco and Syria, with sites including Palmyra in Syria and Ouarzazate in Morocco.
Cast.
From Syria:
From Jordan:
From Morocco:

</doc>
<doc id="18989703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989703" title="Sid the Science Kid">
Sid the Science Kid

Sid the Science Kid is a half-hour PBS Kids series that debuted on September 1, 2008 and ended on March 25, 2013. The computer generated show is produced by The Jim Henson Company and then-PBS member KCET in Los Angeles, California using the Henson Digital Puppetry Studio. The show is produced by motion capture which allows puppeteers to voice digitally animated characters in real time.
Production began in the fall of 2008 with 42 half-hour episodes of "Sid the Science Kid" having been ordered. The series debuted on PBS Kids on September 1, 2008, with a two-year on-air commitment. The original working title for the series was "What's the Big Idea?" and the central character, Sid, was originally named Josh.
KOCE, the current primary PBS member for the Los Angeles area, began co-producing the show after KCET disaffiliated with PBS on December 31, 2010.
24-hour preschool channel Sprout acquired Sid the Science Kid on March 25, 2013. It airs daily at 3:30pm ET.
Premise.
The main character in the show is Sid, an "inquisitive youngster" who uses comedy to tackle questions kids have about basic scientific principles and why things work the way they do. He tries to answer questions and solve problems with the help of his classmates (May, Gerald, and Gabriela), Teacher Susie, and his family (his mother Alice, his father Mort, his Grandma and his baby brother Zeke). In "Hello Doggie", Sid's Grandma adopts a dog from the animal shelter (which she names Philbert - voiced by Tara Charednoff, motion captured by Misty Rosas).
The conceptual content of Sid is based in national science learning standards, cognitive learning theory, and on the preschool science curriculum, Preschool Pathways to Science.
Each week's episodes are built around a single scientific theme or concept. The first week (episodes 1 - 5) focus on scientific tools and concepts (such as charts, observation, estimation, and measuring). The second week (episodes 6 - 10) focuses on changes and transformation (including decay, growth, freezing and melting, and the effects of heat). The third week (episodes 11 - 15) focuses on the senses (including touch, smell, sight, and hearing). The fourth week (episodes 16 - 20) focuses on health. The fifth week (episodes 21 - 25) focuses on simple machine. The sixth week (episodes 26 - 30) focuses on backyard science. The seventh week (episodes 31 - 35) focuses on the human body. The eighth week (episodes 36 - 40) focuses on weather. The Friday shows are designed to review, reinforce and summarize the central concept of the week.
One recurring segment, "Good Laughternoon", features the kids opening panels in a brightly colored playground structure and telling jokes. The format and set borrow heavily from the closing "joke wall" of Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In, the Groaning Wall from Square One TV, and "locker jokes" from You Can't Do That on Television, but for a pre-school audience and Sid would end the segment by saying, "Now "that's" funny!" along with a pre-recorded laughter from his toy microphone. Other recurring segments include "What's the big idea?", a problem that Sid has with anything that has to do something with the problem; Breakfast Time, when either Alice or Mort teaches Sid something that has anything to do with the problem; The Sid Survey, the segment where Sid asks questions to May, Gerald, and Gabriela; Rug Time, where Sid shows his friends and his teacher something with the problem; The Super Fab Lab, where the scientists do the lab along with live-action class; Playtime;Singing with Susie;Backseat Driving with Grandma; Scientist in the House!, when Sid solves the problem and/or plays with his family; and "Sid's Super-Duper-Ooper-Schmooper Big Idea!", where Sid would think about what will he do to solve a problem like the one he had from each episode. Sometimes, Sid would have his play date with Gabriela or May after school making it ""2" Scientists in the House!".
Characters.
Sid (motion captured by Misty Rosas, voiced by Drew Massey) is about 4 years old (then he turned 5 in the episode "I Want Cake") and wants to be a scientist when he grows up. Sid is the most practical character on the show and is often portrayed as a very supportive friend. His special item is a toy microphone with four different colored electric buttons. When pressed, the blue button plays the recorded laughter of people, the yellow button plays the recorded applause, the red button makes a cow noise, and the white button records echoes. He wants to know "everything about everything". He enjoys singing and dancing as well. He is a well-noted observer, and possibly the brightest of the group. His daily activities consist of playing in his room, coming up with a question-asking people about his question, studying his question in school, going home, and presenting his 'Super-duper-ooper-schmooper Big Idea!' Sid's mother is of African descent and his father grew up Jewish as noted in the Hanukkah/Christmas/Kwanzaa episode.
May (motion captured by Dana Michael Woods, voiced by Julianne Buescher) is Sid's glasses-clad Chinese friend, marked by her striped stockings and fairness. May is 4 years old and the most sentimental character of the group. She is very polite and is characterized by her charming, courteous ways. May often sympathizes with everyone and everything, appreciating even inanimate things like decayed pumpkins and brown, mushy bananas. In the eponymous episode as Sid asks whether she would ever eat a mushy banana, she replies, "Aw, he probably thinks no one likes him. Yes! Yes, I would definitely eat him and be his friend!" In "The Perfect Pancake" when Sid recalls his father's burnt pancakes, she suggests that the oven might be angry. May has a Manx cat called Mooshu. While her conduct is quite silly at times, May is exceptionally smart, often performing at peak excellence in school.
Gerald (motion captured by Alon Williams, voiced by Victor Yerrid) is Sid's airhead, vivacious best friend. He is 4 years old and distinguished by an unusual tuft of hair on his head and remarkably reddened skin. He often stalls at the start of Rug Time, attempting a very appreciated light-humored gig. He has a dog, a Jack Russell terrier called Chester. He is a very valued character of the quartet, perhaps the most vivid character of the group, often being the life and soul of activities. A running gag is that he is always trying to be funny, but fails miserably.
Gabriela Cordova (motion captured by John Munro Cameron, voiced by Alice Dinnean) is also 4 years old, and the most composed character of the group. Unlike her friends, Gabriela is the most sensible character and often comes up with the most reasonable jokes during Good Laughternoon. She is the most authoritative figure of the quartet, often being the leader of the group activities. She is usually the one to propose playing Pretend, always opting to be the mommy. She is believed to have climbed higher on the jungle gym than anyone else of the group, and can allegedly read. Sometimes she comes over to Sid's house to have a play date with him. She has an older brother named Mateo.
Susie (motion captured by Sonya Leslie, voiced by Donna Kimball) is the teacher at Sid's school. She begins the day with "Rug Time," where she summons the children to sit in a circle and asks them if they have anything to share with the class or talk about (usually the topic brought up is what was discussed during "Sid's Survey" and what Sid was thinking about earlier in the day). She conducts the experiments with her class. She sings to the children during the "Singing With Susie" segment at the end of the school day.
Mort (motion captured by John Munro Cameron, voiced by Victor Yerrid) is Sid's father.
Alice (motion captured by Sonya Leslie, voiced by Alice Dinnean-Vernon) is Sid's mother who drives him to school each day. Alice is a web site designer and children's computer game developer (Episode 58 "The Amazing Computer Science Tool!).
Grandma (motion captured by Dana Michael Woods, voiced by Julianne Buescher and Donna Kimball) is Sid's paternal grandmother, she likes to tell Sid stories about herself when she was younger while driving home from school.
Dr. Rosalinda Cordova (motion captured by Michelan Sisti, voiced by America Ferrera) is a research scientist at the Science Center that the children often visit, and the mother of Gabriela. She helps to explain the various exhibits at the center and how they relate to the school lessons the children are having. On occasion, she will visit the children in their schoolroom and teach alongside Teacher Susie. She is very proud of her daughter Gabriela.
Zeke (motion captured by Alon Williams, voiced by Donna Kimball) is Sid's baby brother, he's 10 months old.
Episodes (subject).
Tools and Measurements
Changes and Transformations
Senses
Health
Simple Machines
Backyard Science
Weather
The Body
Force and Motion
Environmental Systems
Light and Shadow
Technology and Engineering
Living Things
Specials
Movies
Cast.
Motion-Capture Performers.
The following have performed the motion-capture for the characters:
Awards.
"Save the Stump!" won in the Children's Pro­gram­ming cat­e­gory Sat­ur­day at the 26th Gen­e­sis Awards, pre­sented by the Humane Soci­ety of the United States.
References.
Television Oregon Public Broadcasting

</doc>
<doc id="18989737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989737" title="Martha Speaks">
Martha Speaks

Martha Speaks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18989739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989739" title="List of accidents and incidents involving military aircraft (2000–2009)">
List of accidents and incidents involving military aircraft (2000–2009)

This is a list of notable accidents and incidents involving military aircraft grouped by the year in which the accident or incident occurred. Not all of the aircraft were in operation at the time. For more exhaustive lists, see the Aircraft Crash Record Office or the Air Safety Network. Combat losses are not included except for a very few cases denoted by singular circumstances.
Aircraft terminology.
Information on aircraft gives the type, and if available, the serial number of the operator in italics, the constructors number, also known as the manufacturer's serial number (c/n), exterior codes in apostrophes, nicknames (if any) in quotation marks, flight callsign in italics, and operating units.
2009.
A Fuerza Aérea Venezolana Cessna T206H ("FAV-2807") flying from Puerto Ayacucho to La Esmeralda, Estado Amazonas, Venezuela crashes into the hillside of El Duida, from its destination at La Esmeralda airport killing the 3 crew.
A Royal Air Force Panavia Tornado GR.4 operating with RAF No. 1 Squadron crashes on take-off at Kandahār International Airport in Afghanistan and the two crew members successfully eject from the aircraft.
and 1 civilian on the ground injured.

</doc>
<doc id="18989779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989779" title="Emily Schultz">
Emily Schultz

Emily Schultz (born 1974) is an American fiction writer raised in Canada and now living in Brooklyn, New York.
Life and career.
During an onstage interview with Margaret Atwood, Schultz described how her own family settled in Canada from Michigan in the early 1970s when her father deserted the U.S. Army at the height of the Vietnam War. Schultz's father had used a guide for draft dodgers and deserters issued by one of her future publishers, House of Anansi.
She is the author of "Black Coffee Night", a Danuta Gleed nominated 2002 collection of stories. A story from that collection ("The Value of X") was adapted by Lynne Stopkewich, director of "Kissed". In 2005 Schultz published her first novel, "Joyland". and was included in a "Globe and Mail" round table discussion with Sheila Heti titled "Tomorrow's Ondaatjes and Munros."
In 2009 House of Anansi Press published Schultz's second novel, "Heaven Is Small." The satirical novel was based on her year spent as a night shift proofreader for Harlequin Enterprises.
Her novel "The Blondes" was published internationally in 2012 by Doubleday, where it was a bestseller. It will be published in Winter 2015 in the United States by St. Martin's Press.
Schultz is the co-founder of the literary website .

</doc>
<doc id="18989788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989788" title="Georges Valade">
Georges Valade

Georges-Joseph Valade (25 March 1922 – 12 September 1997) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Valade was born in Baltimore, Maryland, United States, where his father was employed as a typographer. He received a degree in pharmacy from the University of Montreal, and took further studies at St. Francis Xavier University. He was a pharmacist by career.
He was first elected at the Sainte-Marie riding in
the 1958 general election after two previous unsuccessful attempts to enter the House of Commons: in the 1953 election at Longueuil and in the 1957 election at Sainte-Marie.
Valade was re-elected at Sainte-Marie in the 1962, 1963, 1965, 1968 federal elections. After the 1968 election, he was the only remaining Progressive Conservative representative from Montreal.
He was defeated in the 1972 federal election by Raymond Dupont of the Liberal party. Another attempt to win the riding in the 1974 election was also unsuccessful. He died in Montreal in September 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18989813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989813" title="Historical archive on tourism">
Historical archive on tourism

The Historical Archive on Tourism (HAT, Historisches Archiv zum Tourismus) is sited in the city of Berlin at the Technische Universität Berlin where it is housed at the Zentrum Technik und Gesellschaft (ZTG). The HAT had been founded in 1986/87 at the Freie Universität Berlin; in 2011 international protests helped to avert a planned shut-down of the archive and the following year it moved from the Free to the Technical University. Since 1999 the HAT is headed by the historian Hasso Spode and co-financed by the Willy-Scharnow-Foundation.
Step by step the collection was enlarged and the institution became the first port of call in historical travel and tourism research. Today the length of the shelves amounts to some 600 running meter. The focus of the material is not so much on “travel” generally but on “tourism” as a special sort of travelling. The HAT is probably the biggest archive in this field, gathering various materials ranging from Baedekers to private photo albums, in particular there is an extensive collection of flyers and other so-called ephemera. Mainly the material stems from Central Europe, in particular from Germany, but nearly all other parts of the world are also represented, e.g. Southern Africa or USA.
Over 50,000 leaflets are stored, and some 200 journals and more than 10,000 books are registered. In addition statistics, posters and maps are gathered. The bulk of the material is from the 19th and 20th century, some books date back to around 1600. No OPAC is installed but short lists are published in the Internet.

</doc>
<doc id="18989818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989818" title="Vasile Sturza">
Vasile Sturza

Vasile Sturza (born 13 March 1953 in Căbăieşti, Călăraşi district) was the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Moldova to the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18989839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989839" title="Luna (The Aliens album)">
Luna (The Aliens album)

Luna is the second album by the Scottish band The Aliens. It was released on Monday 29 September 2008, preceded by a new single, 'Magic Man', on Monday 22 September. Both releases came out on the band’s own record label, Pet Rock Records. "Boats" is reworked version of a song by the same name on the Lone Pigeon 2004 album "Schoozzzmmii". Besides being more hi-fi, the Alien's arrangement is also more filled out (3 minutes longer) and slightly more up tempo.
Track listing.
All songs written by Lone Pigeon aka Gordon Anderson

</doc>
<doc id="18989843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989843" title="Robert Dexter Conrad">
Robert Dexter Conrad

Robert Dexter Conrad, born on 20 March 1905 in Orange, Massachusetts, graduated from the United States Naval Academy and was commissioned ensign in June 1927.
Naval career.
Following duty in , he attended the Postgraduate School at Annapolis, Maryland, and earned a Master of Science degree in naval architecture at Massachusetts Institute of Technology in June 1932.
Then ordered to the Portsmouth Navy Yard (New Hampshire), he served there until the fall of 1933 when he took a leave of absence to study at Cambridge University, England.
Returning to the United States, he served in the Design and Construction Division and in the Research and Information Section of the Bureau of Construction and Repair; then, from August 1937 to June 1939, at the Experimental Model Basin at Washington, D.C.. Duty at Mare Island followed and in November 1940 he was appointed Assistant Naval Attaché, later Special Naval Observer, at the American Embassy, London.
World War II service.
In January 1942 he returned to Washington, D.C. Initially in the Bureau of Ships, he became Head of the Progress and Planning Section in the Office of the Coordinator of Research and Development, Office of the Secretary of the Navy in April and remained in that post until May 1945.
He was awarded the Legion of Merit for his work during that period. After the end of the war in Europe, Captain Conrad continued his research work through many organizational changes, and was eventually designated Director of the Planning Division, Office of Research and Inventions, later the Office of Naval Research. He was awarded the Navy Distinguished Service Medal for his work both during and after the Second World War.
Retirement.
Captain Conrad retired in 1947 and died at New York on 26 July 1949.
Award named in his honor.
The Navy's top scientific award, an annual award to the individual making an outstanding contribution in naval research and development bears Captain Conrad's name: the Captain Robert Dexter Conrad Award.
Ship naming.
The , a research ship operated by Columbia University, was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18989877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989877" title="Servite College">
Servite College

Servite College is a co-educational Roman Catholic high school in the Perth suburb of Tuart Hill, Western Australia. The school is operated by the Servite Order.
History.
Members of the Servite Order came to Australia in late 1951 and by 1958 had established St. Philip’s Regional High School for Boys in Tuart Hill. In 1968 the name was changed to Servite College, and in 1973 it became the first co-educational Catholic secondary school in Western Australia.
Operations.
Facilities.
Information technology is prominent; the Seven Holy Founders Centre gym and auditorium are the pride of the school. A state-of-the-art science block, completed in 2003, is the most recent addition.
In spite of severe limitations on space, there are opportunities for sports both within the confines of the campus as well as at a large nearby public oval. Servite College’s participation in inter-school sports competitions has been very rewarding. In 2009, the school underwent a minor scale structure change; year seven students (typically aged 11 and 12) were introduced to the school as the Saint Alexis technology wing was demolished to build a newer building, all students do exams half-yearly (per semester), and year ten students are able to choose from a variety of Western Australian Certificate of Education (previously Tertiary Entrance Exam) subjects in the preparation for their upper school levels (years 11 and 12).
School structure.
The students are put into six "priories" (or factions): Annuziata (yellow), Our Lady of Sorrows (purple), San Clemente (green), Senario (black), Saint Anthony's (red) and Saint Mary's (light blue). Each played a role in the history of the Servite Order that was founded in Italy around 1200AD by the seven holy founders. They are further split into contact groups of about 25 students; each containing years 7-12.
Campus.
Besides the classrooms (referred to by the school as "general learning areas"), Servite College has a technology centre, a state-of-the-art science block, an auditorium/lecture theatre seating over 200 persons, and an international standard gymnasium. These areas do not have airconditioning. The central area of the campus is landscaped and offers opportunity for students to gather, converse and socialise. A large practical and creative arts centre is located in a separate building; here are found facilities for woodwork, cooking, drama and dance. Music theory and practice is catered for in several adjacent locations. Servite is an institution that caters to more than 900 students. Servite does not have an oval or swimming pool. 
In 2008 Servite demolished the 50 year old southern wing of the school in order to build a modern, three story high building that was to be named after Fr Chris Ross who began his journey many years ago in a Chicago Servite school; however, he felt inclined to pass the naming of the building to celebrated Servite saint Saint Alexis.
He has done a lot of work for the school and is currently the School's council president.
Athletics.
Servite College competes in the Northern Associated Schools (NAS) league and the Associated Catholic Colleges' annual swimming and athletic carnivals. Its NAS competitors include Sacred Heart College, Chisholm College, Newman College and John XXIII College in Perth.
Controversy.
In September 2010, Servite College received media coverage in Western Australian newspapers as Aaron Patrick Baker, a religion teacher employed by the school, was sentenced in the District Court of Perth after pleading guilty to counts of possessing 2176 images and 102 videos of child pornography. Baker lost his position at Servite College and was subsequently ordered by the court to be put through psychological counselling and a sex offender treatment program.

</doc>
<doc id="18989886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989886" title="René Émard">
René Émard

René Émard (1 September 1914 – 7 June 1984) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Châteauguay, Quebec and became a unionist by career. He served during the Second World War in the Régiment de Maisonneuve followed by the Régiment de la Chaudière, he was part of the Canadian occupation force in the Netherlands.
He was first elected at the Vaudreuil—Soulanges riding in the 1963 general election and re-elected there in 1965. In the 1968 election, he was elected to a third term at Vaudreuil electoral district. After completing his term in the 28th Canadian Parliament, Émard left Parliament and did not participate in further federal elections but was elected for mayor of his town of L'Île-Perrot, Quebec from 1977 to 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18989931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18989931" title="Jordanian campaign (1967)">
Jordanian campaign (1967)

The Jordanian campaign of 1967 was part of the broader Six-Day War, in which Israel inflicted a devastating defeat on Egypt, Syria, Jordan, and Iraq. For Israel, it was the most significant part of the war, as it resulted in the capture of many important Jewish monuments by the Israelis.
Background.
On 5 June 1967, Israel launched Operation Focus, in which the Israeli Air Force almost totally annihilated the air forces of Egypt, Jordan, and Syria. After defeating Egypt in desert combat, which took place in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula, Israel then turned its attention to Jordan.
Battle.
King Hussein of Jordan had not only Jordanian troops but also a force of Iraqi commandos to assist him in the defense. Israel's objective was to capture East Jerusalem, then under Jordanian administration. The main battle was in Jerusalem. Fighting also raged in other areas of the West Bank, where Iraqi commandos and Jordanian soldiers defended their positions. The Jordanians fought fiercely from their bunkers and strongpoints, and had to be dislodged by the Israelis. The Battle of Ammunition Hill was one of the fiercest battles of the war, in which a force of Israeli troops faced Jordanian soldiers on a hill in East Jerusalem; 71 Jordanians and 37 Israelis were killed. Israeli troops also seized Bethlehem. Israeli troops moved behind tanks and left holy sites untouched. Forty Jordanian defenders were killed, and the remainder retreated. The Israelis pushed into Jerusalem. They engaged in urban warfare in Jerusalem, aiming to reach the Old City of Jerusalem. Mandelbaum Gate was the first major objective. The Israelis ran into a camouflaged firing post, which brought down every soldier who tried to break through. A tank finally neutralized the enemy position. After the gate was breached, the next objectives were the Damascus gate and the Rockefeller museum. These were captured. In hand-to-hand fighting, Israeli troops broke into the old city. The Israeli high command issued the order to use no armor in the old city. This resulted in heavier casualties, but the Israelis were concerned that many important Jewish relics and monuments would be destroyed. The Israelis eventually took the Old City and could once again pray at the Western Wall, the first time in 19 years.
Aftermath.
Seven hundred Jordanian and ten Iraqis were killed and 2,500 Jordanians and 30 Iraqis were wounded, whilst 550 Israelis had been killed, and 2,400 wounded. The Israelis moved on to the mountainous Golan Heights, then under Syrian control. After mountain fighting with Syrian troops, the Israelis occupied the Golan Heights.
References.
1. Follow me- The story of the Six Day War
2. Six Day War- Tom Segev

</doc>
<doc id="18990007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990007" title="360th Civil Affairs Brigade (United States)">
360th Civil Affairs Brigade (United States)

The 360th Civil Affairs Brigade is a civil affairs brigade of the United States Army stationed at Fort Jackson, South Carolina. It is a unit of the United States Army Reserve and falls under the wartime command of the XVIII Airborne Corps. As an Airborne unit, it has its own beret flash and parachute wing oval authorized by The Institute of Heraldry.

</doc>
<doc id="18990011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990011" title="Green wood">
Green wood

Green wood is wood that has been recently cut and therefore has not had an opportunity to "season" (dry) by evaporation of the internal moisture. Green wood is relatively high in moisture relative to seasoned wood, which has been dried through seasonal passage of time or forced wood drying (as in kilns). Green wood is considered to be 100% moisture content relative to air dried or seasoned wood which is considered to be 20%. Available BTU charts for wood fuels tend to use air dried as their reference, thus oven dried or 0% moisture content can reflect 103.4% BTU content, exceeding the mean value. 
When green wood is used as fuel in appliances, it releases less heat per unit of measure (usually cords or tons) because of the heat consumed to evaporate the moisture. The lower temperatures that result can lead to more creosote being created which is later deposited in exhaust flues. These deposits can later be ignited when sufficient heat and oxygen are present to cause a chimney fire which can be destructive and dangerous.
'Green lumber' presents its own characteristics as well. Some species of wood are better used green because wood splits less when nailed green. Others tend to shrink excessively leaving voids between the individual pieces when allowed to dry. Often wood to be used for fine products such as furniture is 'kiln dried' to stabilize it and reduce the shrinkage/expansion of the finished product.

</doc>
<doc id="18990032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990032" title="Al Halmandy v. Bush">
Al Halmandy v. Bush

Al Halmandy v. Bush
is a writ of habeas corpus filed on behalf of 63 Guantanamo detainees, on December 13, 2005. It was one of over 200 habeas corpus petitions filed on behalf of detainees held in the Guantanamo Bay detention camp in Cuba. 
The writ was filed shortly before the passage of the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005, which contained provisions to close off captives' ability to initiate new habeas petitions.
Seizure of privileged lawyer-client documents.
On June 10, 2006 the Department of Defense reported that three captives died in custody.
The Department of Defense stated the three men committed suicide.
Camp authorities called the deaths "an act of asymmetric warfare", and suspected plans had been coordinated by the captive's attorneys—so they seized all the captives' documents, including the captives' copies of their habeas documents.
Since the habeas documents were privileged lawyer-client communication the 
Department of Justice was compelled to file documents about the document seizures.
When the Department of Defense reported to the Justice Department the names of the captives whose privileged documents they seized, they were unable to name half of the captives in this petition.
Military Commissions Act.
The Military Commissions Act of 2006 mandated that Guantanamo captives were no longer entitled to access the US civil justice system, so all outstanding habeas corpus petitions were stayed.
Boumediene v. Bush.
On June 12, 2008 the United States Supreme Court ruled, in Boumediene v. Bush, that the Military Commissions Act could not remove the right for Guantanamo captives to access the US Federal Court system. And all previous Guantanamo captives' habeas petitions were eligible to be re-instated.
On July 18, 2008 Shayana D. Kadidal of the Center for Constitutional Rights filed a status report on Al Halmandy v. Bush No. 05-CV-2385 (RMU) on behalf of seven Guantanamo captives
Kadidal wrote that of the 63 captives initially listed in the petition, all but those seven had either been repatriated, or were named in other petitions.
On July 29, 2008 US District Court Judge Thomas F. Hogan ordered that all the other petitioners would be dismissed from the petition, except for:
Muhammed Saad Iqbal Madni.
On September 2, 2008 
Muhammed Saad Iqbal Madni's lawyers were informed he had been repatriated to Pakistani custody.
On September 5, 2008 the Department of Justice filed a motion to have his habeas petition dismissed as moot because he was no longer in US custody.
On September 19, 2008
Richard L. Cys, James P. Walsh filed ""Petitioner Muhammed Saad Iqbal Madni's response to court order to show cause why his petition should not be dismissed as moot"".
Madni's lawyers argued his habeas petition should not be dismissed because he was entitled to continue to seek relief if his original detention was not legally justified. Further, his lawyer had not been advised of the conditions agreed upon by the US Government and the Pakistani Government.

</doc>
<doc id="18990048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990048" title="Omar Khaled Rumy">
Omar Khaled Rumy

Omar Mohammad Khaled (commonly known as Rumy) was a Bangladeshi cricketer. A middle order batsman and a leg spin googley bowler, he played regularly for the national side between 1976–77 to 1983–84.
As a batsman.
Playing for the North Zone side against the MCC at Rajshahi in 1976–77, he top scored in the first innings for his side scoring 27. Then at Dhaka he scored 28 and 32. He continued to be a regular run-getter for his side until his retirement. Yet, he failed time and again, to convert starts into scores. Too often, he got out between 20 to 35, after doing all the hard work. Lack of concentration was the main factor, although his poor running between the wickets didn't help his cause either. Nevertheless, two innings of his are worth mentioning here.
In early February 1978, a Decan Blues side led by the former Indian captain Ajit Wadekar came to Dhaka (on their way home from a tour of the Far East). They played a 3-day match against the local side. This game was important for the local side as they sought to regain some of their lost confidence following a disastrous home series against Sri Lanka.
Batting first, the tourists scored 410/7, (Ajit Wadekar 103*, M.V. Narasimha Rao 83). In reply, the local side was in immediate trouble losing their openers cheaply. Rumy, batting at his usual No. 3 position, decided to take the bull by the horns. After playing one over calmly, he blasted three fours in the next. Skipper Raquibul Hasan, batting at the other end was a mere spectator. Rumy only scored 32 before falling to the guile of M. V. Narasimha Rao. (Rao, the Hyderabad allrounder, was at that time on the verge of playing for the Indian test team.) But it was the best innings of the match. After Rumy's departure, Raquibul Hasan batted diligently to score 64, and Bangladesh saved the match by scoring 320 in the 1st innings. After the end of the tour, the opposition captain Ajit Wadekar described Rumy as the best Bangladeshi batsman.
The setting for his other memorable innings was the water Orton cricket ground in the English Midlands. It was Bangladesh's first ever international match abroad, against Fiji. On difficult conditions, Rumy scored a patient 28. None of the other top order batsman reached double figures, and it was only the tail enders who took the score past the 100 mark. Rumy's effort was overshadowed by the brilliant bowling of Syed Ashraful Haque (7/23) which helped Bangladesh win the match. But Rumy's contribution to the victory should not be underestimated.
As a bowler.
A genuine all rounder, Rumy, apart from being a top order batsman, was the country's best leg spin bowler. His height helped him get extra bounce, and he had a well disguised googly. He had a highly successful spin combination with Syed Ashraful Haque and Lintu. The trio was in full flow at Dhaka, against the MCC in 1978–79. They bowled the tourists out for only 210, with Lintu taking 3/70, Rumy 3/63 and Ashraful 2/1. Earlier, at Jessore, Rumy with 4/30 and Lintu with 4/49 had bowled out the MCC for only 166. Against Hyderabad Blues, in 1983–84, he took 2 wickets, and along with the off spinner Azhar (4 wickets) restricted the strong Hyderabad batting line up to 280/9.
In domestic cricket.
He played most of his League cricket at Dhaka with Abahani KC. In 1976–77, he played a big part in Abahani winning the Lague title. In the final,(against Victoria SC) he took 5 wickets with the ball, and then followed it with an unbeaten half century. Late in his career, in the 1983–84 National final, he took 7 wickets with the ball against a strong Dhaka University batting line up.

</doc>
<doc id="18990071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990071" title="Anastasia Koval">
Anastasia Koval

Anastasia Koval (; born 6 November 1992 in Kiev) is a Ukrainian artistic gymnast. She was a member of the 2007 Ukrainian world team and competed at the 2007 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships. She also competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the team and uneven bars individual events.

</doc>
<doc id="18990083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990083" title="The City Nightcap">
The City Nightcap

The City Nightcap, or Crede Quod Habes, et Habes is a Jacobean era stage play, a tragicomedy written by Robert Davenport. It is one of only three dramatic works by Davenport that survive.
Date.
The play was licensed for performance by Sir Henry Herbert, the Master of the Revels, on 24 October 1624. Many commentators have assumed that the play was written not long before that date. The play's "heavy borrowing" from Shakespeare seems to suggest that it must have been written after the 1623 publication of the First Folio.
The question of the play's date is complicated by one internal factor: in Act III, scene 3, Dorothea states that when her maid put "a little saffron in her starch," she "most unmercifully broke her head." This is a reference to the fashion for yellow-dyed ruffs and cuffs that was current c. 1615, and was closely associated with Mistress Anne Turner and her execution for her role in the murder of Sir Thomas Overbury (15 November 1615). Allusions to "yellow bands" and "yellow starch" are common in plays written in the 1615–18 period, but somewhat dated in a play from the early 1620s. (Davenport's "A New Trick to Cheat the Devil", another play of uncertain date, also includes a yellow-starch reference.)
Sources.
Davenport based the main plot and subplot for his play on two prose works, the "Philomela" of Robert Greene and one of the stories in the "Decameron" of Boccaccio (the seventh story of the seventh day). Greene's story involves a jealous husband and a faithful wife, while Boccaccio's considers a confidant husband and an unfaithful wife. Davenport combines and contrasts the two stories to create a dialectic on marital fidelity and trust.
The plot also bears resemblances to the "Curious Impertinent" episode in "Don Quixote".
Publication.
The play was not published until 37 years after it entered the historical record in 1624. The first edition appeared in 1661, printed by John Cotterell for the stationer Samuel Speed. The 1661 edition was the sole publication of the play prior to the nineteenth century.
The title page of the 1661 edition states that the play was "acted with great applause" by Queen Henrietta's Men at the Cockpit Theatre. The claim is credible — Davenport's "King John and Matilda" was performed by the same company — but no data on the play's early productions is extant. (The Queen Henrietta's company was formed in 1625, largely out of a previous troupe, the Lady Elizabeth's Men. If "The City Nightcap" was acted prior to 1625, it was probably staged by the Lady Elizabeth's company.)
The play's Latin subtitle, "crede quod habes, et habes," is a proverb that means "believe that you have it, and you have it."
Adaptations.
In 1671, Aphra Behn adapted "The City Nightcap" into her play "The Amorous Prince". Around 1680, another, anonymous adaptor turned Davenport's play into "The Politic Whore, or the Conceited Cuckold". A century and a half later, Washington Irving based his sketch "Wives," published in his collection "Bracebridge Hall" (1822), on Davenport's drama.
Synopsis.
The play is set in the cities of northern Italy. Lorenzo is a kinsman of the Duke of Verona, where the play begins; his wife Abstemia is a sister of the Duke of Venice. Lorenzo has fallen victim to an irrational jealousy of his wife; he is convinced, beyond reason, that she is unfaithful to him. Lorenzo pressures his friend Philippo to make sexual advances to Abstemia, to test her chastity. Philippo reluctantly complies; Abstemia consistently rejects his advances. Trapped in an awkward position for a gentleman, Philippo informs Abstemia of the situation; thrown together, the two become friends — which only exacerbates Lorenzo's jealousy.
Lorenzo takes the extreme step of preferring legal charges against his wife and friend. In the play's first trial scene (II,3), two of Lorenzo's slaves give suborned testimony against the accused; the court has little choice but to convict them. Philippo is banished, and Abstemia is divorced from Lorenzo. A distraught and devastated Abstemia tearfully leaves the court, and disappears. 
The banished Philippo leaves Verona — and reports all that has happened to Abstemia's brother, the Venetian duke. The Duke and his army come to Verona to express displeasure at the proceedings. The play's second trial scene (III,2) reveals that one of the slaves has already recanted his perjured testimony. In the glare of open court, the other slave loses his nerve and confesses that their testimonies were suborned. Lorenzo is banished from Verona and Venice; he cannot return until he retrieves the missing Abstemia.
The scene shifts to Milan in Act IV; Abstemia, a victim of "treacherous intelligence," has been lured to a brothel. Held prisoner there, she goes under the name of Millicent. Philippo happens to visit, attracted by the report of a new girl of beauty and recalcitrant spirit, who has not yet been tamed to sex work. Before he meets "Millicent," however, Philippo is driven out with a kick by Antonio, the son and heir of the Duke of Milan. Antonio wants to be the man to enjoy "Millicent" first. Yet Abstemia is so eloquent an advocate of virtue that she chills his desires. (This material is strongly reminiscent of the brothel scenes in Act IV of "Pericles, Prince of Tyre".) 
Antonio is always accompanied by his Turkish slave — but the slave secretly plans to kill Antonio. The prince has a habit of switching clothes with his slave, as a way to avoid his father's spies and informers. (The two men resemble each other in build and bearing.) They switch outfits again: the "slave" (Antonio in disguise) will try to convince "Millicent" that the prince's love is now chaste and virtuous. Philippo comes upon the slave in Antonio's clothing; assuming that he has found the man who insulted and kicked him, Philippo shoots him in the eye with a pistol, killing him in revenge. When the body is found, the face is obscured by its bloody wound; the corpse in Antonio's clothing leads people to believe that the prince has been murdered.
Lorenzo has come to Milan, following reports of Abstemia's whereabouts. The Duke of Milan and his lords, searching for Antonio's killer, investigate the newcomers to the city. A distraught Lorenzo, eager to be finished with life's burdens, confesses to Antonio's murder. Abstemia learns of this, and she confesses too, to save him. The Dukes of Verona and Venice come to Milan. In the concluding revelation scene, all the complications are unwound; Antonio shows that he is still alive, and Philippo admits that he killed the slave. The repentant Lorenzo and the faithful Abstemia are re-united. Philippo gains a pardon when he produces a document that proves the slave planned to kill Antonio (which the slave conveniently carried around with him). Happy ending.
The play's subplot shows a diametrically opposite situation. Lodovico is a ridiculously complaisant husband. His motto is "Crede quod habes, et habes" — if you believe you're a cuckold, you are, and if you believe you're not, you're not. (Lodovico's servant Pambo is the play's Clown; the subplot provides most of the play's overt comedy.) Lodovico's wife Dorothea cannot resist the opportunity she's given; she sleeps with their servant Francisco and conceives a child with him. Her behavior is so blatant that Lodovico's friends urge him to take some action. Bowing to their pressure, Lodovico disguises himself as his wife's confessor to hear her confession. He expects to be proved correct in trusting his wife — but is profoundly shocked when she admits her affair and her illegitimate pregnancy.
In his friar's disguise, Lodovcio gives his wife her penance: she must publicly admit to her husband that he is not the father of her child. Dorothea is appalled — but resourceful; she makes the confession at a banquet in front of her husband and his friends, but she cleverly phrases it as if she is relating the contents of a dream. Lodovico has already informed the assembled company of the truth; he prevents Dorothea's trick by going out and returning in the friar's robes, and revealing Dorothea's confession. 
The exposed adulterers are punished. Francisco is sentenced to ride through the city's streets backwards on a donkey, and then have his forehead branded. Dorothea is sent to a nunnery.
"Dick of Devonshire".
The nineteenth-century critic F. G. Fleay attributed the anonymous play "Dick of Devonshire" (c. 1626) to Davenport, and based his judgement largely on perceived similarities between that play and "The City Nightcap." Other commentators have allowed Davenport as a reasonable candidate for the authorship of "Dick of Devonshire", without regarding the attribution as conclusive.

</doc>
<doc id="18990096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990096" title="Michael Scharf">
Michael Scharf

Michael P. Scharf (born April 25, 1963 in Shaker Heights, Ohio) is Acting Dean, the John Deaver Drinko-Baker & Hostetler Professor of Law, and the Director of the Frederick K. Cox International Law Center at Case Western Reserve University School of Law. Prof. Scharf is also co-founder of the Public International Law & Policy Group (PILPG), a Non-Governmental Organization (NGO) which provides "pro bono" legal assistance to developing states and states in transition. Since 1995 PILPG has provided "pro bono" legal assistance to states and governments involved in peace negotiations, drafting post-conflict constitutions, and prosecuting war criminals. In February 2005, Scharf and the PILPG were nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize by six governments and the Prosecutor of an International Criminal Tribunal for the work they have done to help in the prosecution of major war criminals, such as Slobodan Milošević, Charles Taylor (Liberia), and Saddam Hussein. Since March 2012, Scharf has also been the producer and host of “Talking Foreign Policy,” a one-hour radio program aired on a quarterly basis on Cleveland’s NPR affiliate WCPN 90.3 ideastream. Archived broadcasts are available here.
Career.
In 2013, Michael Scharf headed a Blue Ribbon Committee that drafted a statute for a War Crimes Tribunal for Syrian atrocities. See USA Today article.
In 2004–06, Scharf served as a member of the international team of experts that provided training and assistance to the judges of the Iraqi High Tribunal, and in 2008 he served as Special Assistant to the International Prosecutor of the Cambodia Tribunal.
In 2002, Scharf established the War Crimes Research Office at Case Western Reserve University School of Law, which provides research assistance to the Prosecutors of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, the Special Court for Sierra Leone, the International Criminal Court, the Cambodia Genocide Tribunal, and the Iraqi High Tribunal on issues pending before those international tribunals.
During the first Bush and Clinton Administrations, Scharf served in the Office of the Legal Adviser of the U.S. Department of State, where he held the positions of Attorney-Adviser for Law Enforcement and Intelligence, Attorney-Adviser for United Nations Affairs, and delegate to the United Nations Human Rights Commission. In 1993, he was awarded the State Department's Meritorious Honor Award "in recognition of superb performance and exemplary leadership" in relation to his role in the establishment of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia.
An internationally recognized expert in international criminal law, Scharf has testified before the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations and the House Armed Services Committee; his interviews and op eds have appeared in the Washington Post, Los Angeles Times, Boston Globe, Christian Science Monitor, and International Herald Tribune; and he has appeared on ABC World News Tonight, the NBC Today Show, Nightline, The O'Reilly Factor, The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer, Minnesota Public Radio, Public Radio International (PRI), The Charlie Rose Show, the BBC, CNN, Voice of America, and NPR. Scharf also hosts Grotian Moment, an award-winning International Criminal Law Blog. He is a frequent contributor of scholarly articles to the American Society of International Law.
World's first international law MOOC.
In May 2013, Michael Scharf launched the world's first international law MOOC (a free on line course) offered in partnership with Coursera. The course, "Introduction to International Criminal Law," had over 28,000 enrolled students from 137 countries across the globe. Available here [https://www.coursera.org/course/intlcriminallaw]
Personal interests.
Michael Scharf is a fan of Star Trek and in 1994 co-authored an article titled "The Interstellar Relations of the Federation: International Law and Star Trek the Next Generation" in the Toledo Law Review which was subsequently republished in the book Star Trek Visions of Law and Justice.
Michael Scharf and his law professor/student band perform regularly at the Barking Spider Tavern: See Performance and have performed at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame: [http://www.youtube.com/watch?hl=en&client=mv-google&gl=US&v=NRx58iJgr40&feature=youtu.be&nomobile=1&noredirect=1 Rock Hall Performance 1 and Performance 2, 
and Cleveland Aquarium. See Aquarium Performance.

</doc>
<doc id="18990111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990111" title="Paul Kitson (American soccer)">
Paul Kitson (American soccer)

Paul Kitson (May 31, 1956 in London, England – August 25, 2005 in Toronto, Canada) who played and coached professionally with both indoor and outdoor soccer teams in Canada and the United States.
Player.
Kitson began his career with Watford F.C. in England before moving to the United States where he signed with the New York Apollo in the American Soccer League. In 1980, the Apollo was renamed New York United and Kitson continued to play for United until the team folded following the 1981 season. In 1980, Kitson began his indoor career with the Chicago Horizon of the Major Indoor Soccer League. The Horizon lasted only one season before collapsing and Kitson moved to the New York Arrows for the next two indoor seasons. The Arrows won the 1982 MISL championship. In 1983, the Arrows sent Kitson to the Baltimore Blast. He remained with the Blast through the 1985–1986 season, winning the 1983–1984 MISL title. On March 6, 1987, Los Angeles Lazers traded Kitson to the Cleveland Force for Chris Chueden. He spent the next two seasons with the Force. In 1990, he played for the New Jersey Eagles in the American Professional Soccer League. He spent the 1992–1993 winter indoor season with the Denver Thunder in the National Professional Soccer League. In the summer of 1993, he played with the Arizona Sandsharks of the Continental Indoor Soccer League. In the fall of 1993, he signed with the Detroit Rockers of the NPSL then back in the CISL, this time with the Detroit Neon in the summer of 1994. In 1996, he joined the Philadelphia KiXX of the NPSL, then moved to the Toronto Shooting Stars during the season. In 1997, he moved to the Montreal Impact. He retired from playing in 1997 and moved to the head coach position, but the team closed at the end of the 1998 season.
Coach.
Kitson began his coaching career with the Montreal Impact in 1997, but the team closed at the end of the 1998 season. On May 14, 1999, the Maryland Mania of the USL A-League hired Kitson. He was hired at the end of the 1999–2000 season by the Buffalo Blizzard. He coached them for 12 games. He then coached them in the 2000–2001 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18990149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990149" title="Organ Cave">
Organ Cave

Organ Cave is a large and historic cave in Greenbrier County, West Virginia, USA. The surrounding community takes its name from the cave.
In November 1973, the Organ Cave System — also known as the Organ-Hedricks Cave System — was registered as a National Natural Landmark for being "the largest cave system in the State, containing many caves, one of which is Organ Cave. Noted also for its saltpeter troughs and vats." (It is now the third-longest known cave in the state, after the Friars Hole Cave System in the same county and the Hellhole System in Pendleton County.) Organ Cave has also been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2005.
History.
Significant fossil discoveries bear witness to the early natural history of Organ Cave: giant ground sloth, grizzly bear, nine-banded armadillo, sabre-tooth cat, reindeer and an Ice Age porcupine. Organ Cave's human history is attested by flint arrowheads used by early American Indians. Evidence of early white settlers in the cave is suggested by the date "1704" scratched on a wall, but this may be a later addition since the first white settlers to Greenbrier County came only in the 1740s.
The cave was used since before 1835 as a source for nitre (saltpeter) for the manufacture of gunpowder. During the American Civil War, Confederate soldiers under the command of General Robert E. Lee again mined the cave for nitre. The cave today has the nation's largest collection of Civil War-era saltpeter hoppers. Studies have shown the cave dirt is high in calcium nitrate, which was turned into potassium nitrate using these hoppers.
Organ Cave was first surveyed by members of the National Speleological Society in July 1948. For many years it was considered the longest cave in the world. , the Organ Cave System had of surveyed cave passage making it the 39th longest cave in the world, the 9th longest in the United States, and the 3rd longest in West Virginia.
Jefferson's ground sloth.
Formerly, a famous fossil discovery — that of Thomas Jefferson's giant ground sloth ("Megalonyx jeffersonii") — had been assumed to have come originally from Organ Cave. Jefferson never visited the area, but received the fossil from a local friend in 1796. In the early 20th century, a local man, Andrew Price of Marlinton, decided that the fossil had come from Organ Cave and popularized his theory. In 1995, however, Smithsonian paleontologist Frederick Grady proposed that Haynes Cave in nearby Monroe County was the true source. (His reasons had to do with historical land-ownership records.) The proprietors of Organ Cave, however, continue to insist on their property as the origin of the fossil in their interpretative exhibits and tour guide presentations.

</doc>
<doc id="18990152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990152" title="You're Gonna Go Far, Kid">
You're Gonna Go Far, Kid

"You're Gonna Go Far, Kid" is a song by American punk rock band The Offspring. It is the third track on the band's eighth studio album "Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace" (2008) and was released as the second single from the album on September 4, 2008. This is the band's 3rd No.1 single on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart after "Come Out and Play" and "Hit That". The song stayed at No. 1 for 11 weeks, making it the longest consecutive run for any Offspring single at No. 1. As of 2012, it has sold 1.6 million copies, and is certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, denoting 1,000,000 sales. It also reached No. 1 on KROQ's Top 106.7 songs of 2008 countdown list.
"You're Gonna Go Far Kid" along with "Hammerhead" was performed live before the release of "Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace" at X-Fest in San Diego in promotion for the album.
Music video.
The music video for this single was directed by Chris Hopewell, who has also directed videos for several other bands. It was the first time that Hopewell and the Offspring had collaborated on a music video. On October 16, 2008 it was announced on The Offspring's official website that the video would debut Friday, October 17 at 3:00 pm Eastern/12 noon Pacific on Myspace.com.
As in the videos for "Hammerhead" and "Hit That", the video contains largely CGI and does not include any footage of the band performing the song. However, unlike Hammerhead and Hit That, the video also contains live actors recorded by camera mixed in with the CGI effects.
The plot follows a peasant working in a garden in a dystopian future. Suddenly, a plant goddess appears and gives the peasant a magical, golden acoustic guitar and he begins strumming to the song. He enters town and plays for the locals. The magical abilities of the guitar make the peasant a sensation, earning him much needed money and causes various townsfolk to start dancing uncontrollably. The peasant then plays for plague infested townspeople and they are cured by the magic of the guitar. In return, he demands from one of them her expensive necklace while the plant goddess looks upon him disapprovingly. The peasant moves onto a very expensive hotel, but is denied entry based on his appearance. He plays more to earn money for a nice suit. He buys the suit, enters the restaurant and begins to play his guitar for the wealthy socialites, for more money. The plant goddess appears and punishes the peasant for his selfishness by first forcing him to dance alone to the music, then dragging him into the ground through a whirlpool. The guitar lands onto the floor and dissolves into leaves at the end of the song.
Sales.
The song was certified Gold in the United States on April 2, 2009, selling over 500,000 copies. It is the first Offspring single to reach two times Platinum in the United States and was the best selling single from the album. As of May 2012, "You're Gonna Go Far, Kid" had sold a total of 2.1 million copies in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18990183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990183" title="Sangha people">
Sangha people

The Sangha (also known as Sanga) are an ethnic group in the northern Republic of the Congo. They make up 20% of the Congo's population, making them the second largest Congolese ethnic group (after the Kongo people).

</doc>
<doc id="18990231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990231" title="TEC Awards">
TEC Awards

The TEC Awards is an annual program recognizing the achievements of audio professionals. The awards are given to honor technically innovative products as well as companies and individuals who have excelled in sound for television, film, recordings, and concerts. "TEC" stands for "Technical Excellence & Creativity".
History.
Originally founded in 1985 by "Mix" magazine, since 1990 the TEC Awards program has been headed by the TEC Foundation (formerly the Mix Foundation) for Excellence in Audio, a 501(c)(3) public benefit organization that also offers scholarships and works to mitigate noise-induced hearing loss.
TEC Awards process.
The TEC Awards list of nominations are compiled annually by the TEC Awards nominating panel, a committee of more than 100 industry professionals. The list of nominees is published on the Foundation's website. The winners are announced and the awards presented at a ceremony held at the "NAMM Show", one of the largest trade shows for the music products industry, held each January in Anaheim, California.
Other honors.
TEC Awards Hall of Fame.
Similarly, a pioneering or innovative person is chosen annually for the honor of induction into the TEC Awards Hall of Fame. This special award was established in 1988 and the winner is selected by the TEC Awards nominating panel.
Les Paul Award.
In addition, through the Les Paul Award, the TEC Awards nominating panel and the board of directors of the TEC Foundation honor "individuals or institutions that have set the highest standards of excellence in the creative application of audio technology." Gibson Musical Instruments, maker of the Gibson Les Paul electric guitar, is the sponsor of the Les Paul Award. This special award was established in 1991. In 1997, Les Paul presented his namesake award to Stevie Wonder and in 2003, jointly with Bob Ludwig, he presented the award for Bruce Springsteen, who was unable to attend. In 2007, at age 92, Les Paul presented the award to musician, songwriter, and producer Al Kooper. 
TECnology Hall of Fame.
The TEC Awards nominating panel may choose to honor a number of pioneering or innovative audio products with induction into the TECnology Hall of Fame. A product must be ten years old to receive the honor. At the establishment of this award category at the AES Convention in San Francisco in October 2004, the initial 25 inductees included the venerable Edison cylinder (1877), Emile Berliner's flat disc recorder (1887), and Alan Dower Blumlein Stereo Patent (1931).

</doc>
<doc id="18990281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990281" title="Koko Tsurumi">
Koko Tsurumi

Tsurumi was a member of the 2008 Japanese Olympic Team. The women's gymnastics team placed 5th in team competition. Individually, Tsurumi placed 17th in the all-around final and 8th in the balance beam event final.
Tsurumi competed at the 2009 American Cup and placed 7th all-around.
At the 2009 World Championships in London, Koko Tsurumi competed a historic performance to win the individual all-around bronze medal. During event finals, Tsurumi won the silver medal on uneven bars and placed 6th on balance beam. Tsurumi is the first Japanese woman gymnast to win a World Championships medal in 43 years. (The previous Japanese woman gymnast to win a World medal was Keiko Ikeda at the 1966 World Championships, where she had also won uneven bars silver and all-around bronze, as well as team bronze.)
Koko competed at the 2010 Japan Cup and placed second all-around behind Ksenia Afanasyeva. At that competition, Tsurumi scored a 15.400 on uneven bars. She debuted a new bars routine with an ono turn to half turn connected to a Tkachev and an ono turn connected to a Jaegar.
At the 2010 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships, Tsurumi experienced problems with consistency and failed to make any event finals and placed 21st in the All Around, behind countrywoman Rie Tanaka.
At the 2011 Japan Cup, Koko placed 2nd place with the Japanese team in the team competition and won the gold medal in the all around competition. She placed 0.100 higher than 2nd place finisher, Chinese gymnast Sui Lu. Later that year she placed seventh on Uneven Bars at the World Championships and seventh with the team.
In 2012, Koko was part of Japan's Olympic team in London, where she placed seventh in the bars final and eighth with the team.

</doc>
<doc id="18990292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990292" title="Aggey">
Aggey

Aggey may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="18990299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990299" title="Captain Robert Dexter Conrad Award">
Captain Robert Dexter Conrad Award

The Captain Robert Dexter Conrad Award is an award presented annually to the individual making an outstanding contribution in naval research and development.
Background.
The award is named in honor of Captain Robert Dexter Conrad, who was the primary architect of the Navy’s basic research program, and the head of the Planning Division of the Office of Naval Research at the time of its establishment. It is designed to recognize and to reward outstanding technical and scientific achievement in research and development for the Department of the Navy (DON).
Description.
The Captain Robert Dexter Conrad award consists of a gold medal and a citation signed by the Secretary of the Navy.
Criteria.
The Captain Robert Dexter Conrad award will be granted, on an annual basis, to an individual who has made an outstanding contribution in the field of research and development for the DON. Such contribution shall be so outstanding as to be widely recognized, not only by the cognizant personnel within the DON, but also by the civilian scientific and engineering community of the Nation. While no time limitation is intended to be imposed in selecting a candidate for the award, it is recommended that only accomplishments of recent years be considered. Award considerations will be given to achievements in any of the following:
Eligibility.
At the time of the achievement or contribution cited as a basis for the award, nominees must have been in one of the following categories:
Nominating responsibilities.
The Chief of Naval Research (CNR) is responsible for obtaining and forwarding, with comments, a nomination to the Secretary of the Navy via the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Research, Engineering and System) annually.
If none of the nominees submitted in a given year meet the established standards, the CNR will recommend to the Secretary that no award be granted for that year. To avoid possible embarrassment, nominations should be designated “FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY” and safeguarded until final action has been taken.
Nomination procedure.
The Chief of Naval Research will establish a Nomination Review Committee. The Committee will consist of nine representatives from Navy activities, which have significant research and development programs. The Committee will be responsible for ensuring that the widest possible consideration of potential nominees and for making an appropriate recommendation to the CNR.
Award nominations should be in the correct format and be favorably endorsed by the headquarters command. The CNR will issue a notice concerning the nomination due date and general information on the Committee meeting. Prior to this meeting, Committee members will receive a copy of each nomination to be considered.
When the Committee meets, each representative should be prepared to provide supporting information on the potential candidate(s) submitted by his or her organization. After each nomination has been discussed, ballots will be completed and a recommendation will be formulated and forwarded to the CNR.
Award presentation.
Awards approved by the Secretary of the Navy will be presented by the CNR or the CNR’s designated representative at a special ceremony which is mutually convenient to the recipient, his or her employing organization, and the CNR.

</doc>
<doc id="18990306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990306" title="New Zealand State Highway 94">
New Zealand State Highway 94

State Highway 94 is a New Zealand State Highway connecting the large Southland town of Gore with one of New Zealand's most popular destinations Milford Sound. It also passes the significant townships of Lumsden and Te Anau as well going through the Homer Tunnel (in this area it is also called the 'Milford Road', with the section from Te Anau up to the Sound being 119 km). The road also goes through Fiordland and crosses the Main Divide of the Southern Alps.
It is regarded as one of the most scenic roads in New Zealand, and with a peak elevation of 940m, the country's third highest highway after the Desert Road (SH 1) and the Lindis Pass (SH 8). However, the "Milford Road" part is also one of the more dangerous public roads in New Zealand, with injury crash rates around 65% higher than the rest of New Zealand's network, and a fatality crash rate of almost twice average (per vehicle kilometre travelled), making it the third most dangerous section of New Zealand's State Highway network (as of 2008).
History.
The alignment road was first surveyed in 1890 by London-born engineer Robert Holmes, who later became the Engineer-in-Chief of the Public Works Department. Holmes initially preferred a route starting at Lake Wakatipu and running northwest, but the decision was instead made to start from Te Anau.
However, the project then languished in planning for 40 years, possibly because in 1889 road building had been removed from the brief of the Public Works Department, and only reinstated with much more limited authority in 1909.
It took until 1935, to construct a rough road to the entrance of what would become Homer Tunnel.
Route.
As of 2010, this is the route State Highway 94 takes.
Gore to Te Anau.
In Gore, SH 94 begins as "Hokonui Drive" and passes through the northern parts of Gore. Outside of Gore, the highway changes name to "Waimea Highway" and passes to the north of the Hokonui Hills, a place historically known for illicit moonshine distilling. On the other side of the hills lies Mandeville. The road then veers right and bisects the Waimea Plains to pass through the settlements of Riversdale (where the road names changes to "Newcastle Street" and then "Lumsden Riversdale Highway" once leaving the town) and Balfour. The road proceeds in a northwesterly direction to arrive in Lumsden (where it changes name to "Flora Road").
From Lumsden, as "Flora Road" and "Five Rivers Lumsden Highway", SH 94 merges with SH 6 and runs concurrently with SH 6 towards Queenstown for 2.5 kilometres between the Oreti River and the hills to the east before turning left to cross the river and back onto the plains as "Mossburn Lumsden Highway". The road runs for a further 20 km towards Mossburn, the self-proclaimed deer capital of New Zealand (name change to "Devon Street"). Tourist traffic from Queenstown turn onto SH 94 here from SH 97. Beyond Mossburn, the road changes name to "Te Anau Mossburn Highway", and runs underneath a terrace carved by the Oreti River to the north before passing through more arable farmland and the turnoff to go to Mavora Lakes, one of the locations used in the Lord of the Rings film trilogy. After the turnoff, the road heads into the hills and passes through undulating tussocklands and valleys before emerging back onto the plains at The Key. From The Key, the road proceeds on a more-or-less north-westerly direction across the plains before arriving at the lakeside resort of Te Anau.
Te Anau to Milford Sound - The Milford Road.
In Te Anau, the road changes name to "Luxmore Drive" as it proceeds towards the town centre. Once there, the road swings to the right and becomes "Milford Road", once outside the town limits the road changes name to "Te Anau Milford Highway". The road then hugs the shoreline of Lake Te Anau for about 29 km until it reaches Te Anau Downs. From Te Anau Downs, the road veers right and enters the Eglinton Valley. The road then runs parallel to the right side of the Eglinton River for 33 km while it passes through Knobs Flat. At Cascade Creek, the road emerges onto the shorelines of Lake Gunn and Lake Fergus. The road then passes through a saddle and emerges at the upper section of the Hollyford Valley.
After Hollyford, the road veers to the west and rises steadily along the valley to its highest point at the Homer Tunnel. At 1270 metres long it is the second-longest road tunnel in New Zealand (after the Lyttelton road tunnel). The road then emerges at the head of the Cleddau Valley and the road spends its last 16 kilometres descending along the valley to Milford Sound.
Tourist attractions.
The Milford Road section began in 1926 when a local Station Owner, started making his own road from Te Anau Downs Harbour south to the Te Anau Hotel, starting a project which turned into the most scenic highway in New Zealand including iconic landmarks the Mirror Lakes, the Avenue of Disappearing Mountain, Lake Gunn, the Key Summit, Mount Christina, Mount Talbot, the Homer Tunnel, The Chasm, Mount Tutoko and Mitre Peak. Before the sealing of the road in the 1980s it was treated as a day's adventure from the township of Te Anau and Milford Sound the climax of the journey. Modern marketing and faster buses have made Milford Sound a destination from Queenstown involving 8 hours of bus transit, a round trip with few stops.
This route is part of the Te Waipounamu Wilderness Area.
The Eglinton Mountains above Lake Gunn were used as a location in the Peter Jackson movie "The Fellowship of the Ring" where the actors walk along a mountain path with the Key Summit evident in the distance. The mountains here were also used in the Fellowship of the Ring introduction to represent the Misty Mountains. Emily Peak on the Routeburn Track can also be seen in this movie, as well as the Mavora Lakes near Mossburn. Ironically, Peter Jackson picked an area that once contained New Zealand's only place names from J. R. R. Tolkien that were removed from the official maps in the 1980s, as they were deemed inappropriate for this region.
Outside of the Milford Road, Mandeville is the site of the Croydon Aircraft Company Link, and the local aerodrome is home to several rare vintage aircraft. Mossburn is the closest settlement to the Mount White Wind Farm which at full capacity can power almost all the entire Southland region. The Oreti, Mataura and Waiau Rivers that dominate the flatter regions of SH 94 between Gore and Te Anau are popular fishing spots for brown trout. Care should be taken while fishing to prevent the spread of "Didymosphenia geminata".
Driving State Highway 94.
Tourists to Milford Sound arrive mainly via coach over the length of SH 94 from Mossburn, a predominantly high mountain road which is prone to avalanches in winter. The road was only opened in 1953, after the Homer Tunnel was finished, after almost 20 years of intermittent work. The road is one of the more dangerous public roads in New Zealand, with injury crash rates around 65% higher than the rest of New Zealand's network, and a fatality crash rate of almost twice average (per vehicle kilometre travelled), making it the third most dangerous section of New Zealand's State Highway network (as of 2008). Stopping is prohibited on long stretches due to rock or snow avalanche dangers, and the road is often closed in winter, with the carrying of snow chains mandatory during snow conditions. Helicopters are used during winter to drop explosives onto snow buildup zones above the road in order to cause controlled avalanches. However this does not eliminate the danger that road traffic may be hit by an uncontrolled event, especially in the area of the Homer Tunnel portals.
There are no petrol stations on the length of the road from Te Anau to Milford Sound, meaning that vehicles need to take enough fuel for a return trip. All of this does not discourage up to 50 coaches and hundreds of private cars daily from making the 546 km trip from the nearest city Invercargill, and the 572 km trip from popular tourist destination Queenstown. Almost 60% of tourists travel via coach, which is regarded as being safer than attempting the road on your own.
Weather conditions.
Avalanches are a winter hazard in the high mountains above the Milford Road and Snow and Ice affect the Road Surface in Winter Months, Transit Signs inform motorists of conditions and a Transit New Zealand check point has been built to make sure road users carry chains for safe passage to Milford Sound. Metal Gates are positioned across the Milford Road In the Hollyford and Cleddau Valleys when the road is closed at times of peak avalanche probability. Due to the nature of the Fiordland Environment, the road can be closed at any time of year from landslips treefalls and washouts. Snow can fall on higher parts of the road any time of the year.
However the entire length of SH 94 is susceptible to snowfall during the winter months and care should be taken at any time of the year, especially on the hillier regions between Mossburn and Milford Sound. Flooding can also occur at anytime along the road especially around rivers.
Literature on the Milford Road.
Building the Milford Road section of SH 94 has been a classic story of danger, hardship and Kiwi ingenuity in the Depression Years
and has been the subject of several books: Harold Anderson’s 1975 "Men of the Milford Road", a detailed account of the project from his perspective as a Public Works Department Paymaster; Wilson Campbell’s 2000 Novel "When stars were brightly shining" about a fictional murder in one of the works camps; John Hall-Jones’s, "Milford Sound An Illustrated History of the Sound, the Track and the Road", which covers in detail the history of the road with ample historic photographs; and Amy McDonalds 2005 "Below the Mountains", a young girl's diary of living on the Milford Road 1935 to 1936.
And there are mountain climbing books that cover this area in detail, such as Jack Ede’s 1988 “Mountain Men of Milford” and Anita Crozier’s 1950 "Beyond the Southern Lakes".

</doc>
<doc id="18990338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990338" title="The Rural Society of Durazno">
The Rural Society of Durazno

The Rural Society of Durazno is a prominent Uruguayan grouping of landowners and economic actors in Durazno Department.
Activities and events.
Livestock raising is a major portion of the region's economy, for the interests of which the Society, itself founded in 1911, is a major representative.
In 2008 the Society organized its 95th annual cattle show.
Leadership.
Among the more prominent figures in the Society's leadership is Dr. Santiago Bordaberry. A wide range of herds is represented in the Society (Bordaberry's personal cattle specialism is an Australian herd).

</doc>
<doc id="18990348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990348" title="PRR D3">
PRR D3

The Pennsylvania Railroad's steam locomotive class D3 (formerly Class C, pre-1895) comprised sixty-seven 4-4-0 locomotives intended for general passenger and freight service, constructed at the railroad's own Altoona Works during 1869–1881.
They were the third standardized class of locomotives on the railroad and the most numerous of the early standard types; they shared many parts with other standard classes.
This design differed from the Class A (later D1) mainly in its smaller drivers for greater tractive effort for freight haulage. Like all the early standardized 4-4-0s on the PRR, the Class C had a wagon-top boiler with steam dome and a firebox between the two driving axles.

</doc>
<doc id="18990379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990379" title="Pertya scandens">
Pertya scandens

Pertya scandens is a type of small, deciduous shrubbery belonging to the asteraceae family. In Japan, it is often bundled together from Mount Kōya and used as material for constructing brooms. As such, it is named in Japanese, "Kōyabōki" (高野箒, Kōya Broom). From Kantō to Kyūshū, it can be found in sunny mountain forests. Its stalks are narrow but firm, and it possesses broad, oval-shaped leaves. Its flowerhead, which blooms on the autumn of its first year, typically holds around 10 cylindrical, white seeds at the length of 1.5 cm approximately. 

</doc>
<doc id="18990380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990380" title="Robert Taylor Ranch">
Robert Taylor Ranch

The Robert Taylor Ranch is a ranch located on Mandeville Canyon Road, in the Brentwood section of Los Angeles, California. The ranch was built in 1956 for Waite Phillips and designed by architect Robert Byrd. It is about large, with more than 20,000 square feet of living space.
American actor Robert Taylor owned the ranch for several years before his death in 1969. The ranch was then purchased by Ken Roberts, former owner of the KROQ-FM radio station. The ranch is also the setting for most of the 1983 Sam Peckinpah movie, "The Osterman Weekend".
In 2010 the ranch was sold to hedge fund New Stream Capital to settle a $27,500,000 legal claim. On November 30, 2012, the ranch was resold at an auction for $12 million to Fred Latsko, a Chicago-based real estate developer. The auction was conducted by Concierge Auctions in partnership with Hilton & Hyland, an affiliate of Christie's International Real Estate. The auction firm and Hilton & Hyland identified 761 buyer prospects and 12 bidders in only four weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="18990381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990381" title="Renewable Energy Payments">
Renewable Energy Payments

Renewable Energy Payments are a competitive alternative to Renewable Energy Credits (REC's).
Although the intent with both methods is the same, to stimulate growth in the alternative and renewable energy space, REP's have proven to offer benefits to local jobs, businesses and economies while making the growth fundable and lendable by financial institutions. 
Renewable Energy Payments are the mechanisms or instruments at the heart of specific state, provincial or national renewable energy policies. REPs are incentives for homeowners, farmers, businesses, etc., to become producers of renewable energy, or to increase their production of renewable energy. As such, they increase our overall production and use of renewable energy, and decrease our consumption and burning of fossil fuels.
In a broad stroke, Renewable Energy Payments, sometimes known as a Feed-in Tariff place obligations on utility companies to buy electricity from renewable energy sources, often small, local companies, for a fixed period of time. The underlying premise being that with fixed payments the once volatile renewable energy projects now become lendable and attractive for financing, thus stimulating growth and innovation.
Proponents of Renewable Energy Payments argue that this policy has proven to stimulate local economies, innovation and small business growth because in its truest form REP's put everyone, whether small business, individual, or farmers on an equal footing with large commercial titans of industry.
Representative Jay Inslee of Washington says "We can give homeowners, farmers and communities across America investment security that they can take to the bank. We know from experience in Germany, Spain and dozens of other countries around the world that this policy approach spurs unparalleled and affordable renewable-energy development." 
The alternative to Renewable Energy Payments are what are called Renewable Energy Credits, which have been likened to the Alaskan Bridge to nowhere in a recent filing by the Florida Alliance for Renewable Energy. (FARE)
References and sources.
1. Renewable Energy World
2. Jay Inslee
3. Florida Alliance for Renewable Energy
3. FARE Filing

</doc>
<doc id="18990388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990388" title="HMS Phoenix (1694)">
HMS Phoenix (1694)

HMS "Phoenix" was originally built as a fireship. In 1707, she belonged to Admiral Sir Cloudesley Shovell's fleet. She saw action during the unsuccessful Battle of Toulon and was present during the great naval disaster off the Isles of Scilly when Shovell and four of his ships ("Association", "Firebrand", "Romney" and "Eagle") were lost, claiming the lives of nearly 2,000 sailors. "Phoenix" ran ashore between Tresco and St Martin's and had to be beached, but could be kept seaworthy and finally managed to reach Portsmouth. In 1709, the former fireship was re-built as a 20-gun sixth-rate frigate. When under the command of Vincent Pearse, she sailed to Nassau, Bahamas in February 1718, to offer the king's pardon to pirates who were willing to surrender and abandon piracy.
She also played a minor role in the 1740 Siege of St. Augustine during the War of Jenkins' Ear. In 1741, under the command of Captain Fanshaw, she was involved in the defence of Charlestown, South Carolina from Spanish pirates.

</doc>
<doc id="18990405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990405" title="Kerry Bond">
Kerry Bond

Kerry Bond (born July 18, 1945, in Sudbury, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey forward, most notably for the Indianapolis Racers of the World Hockey Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18990417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990417" title="Thomas K. Caughey Dynamics Award">
Thomas K. Caughey Dynamics Award

The Thomas K. Caughey Dynamics Award is an award given annually by the Applied Mechanics Division, of American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME), "in recognition of an individual who has made significant contributions to the field of nonlinear dynamics through practice, research, teaching, and/or outstanding leadership" The Award is presented at the Applied Mechanics Annual Dinner at the ASME Congress.
Nomination procedure.
A letter of nomination, several letters of support, along with any other supporting materials, should be sent by email to the chair of the Executive Committee of the Applied Mechanics Division. See the list of current members of the Committee

</doc>
<doc id="18990438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990438" title="Lithuanian–Soviet War">
Lithuanian–Soviet War

The Lithuanian–Soviet War or Lithuanian–Bolshevik War () was fought between newly independent Lithuania and the Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic in the aftermath of World War I. It was part of the larger Soviet westward offensive of 1918–1919. The offensive followed retreating German troops with intentions to establish Soviet republics in Ukraine, Belarus, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Poland and link up with the German Revolution. By the end of December 1918 Soviet forces reached Lithuanian borders. Largely unopposed, they took one town after another and by the end of January 1919 controlled about ⅔ of the Lithuanian territory. In February the Soviet advance was stopped by Lithuanian and German volunteers, who prevented the Soviets from capturing Kaunas, the temporary capital of Lithuania. From April 1919 the Lithuanian war went parallel with the Polish–Soviet War. Poland had territorial claims over Lithuania, especially the Vilnius Region, and these tensions spilled over into the Polish–Lithuanian War. Historian Norman Davies summarized the situation: "the German army was supporting the Lithuanian nationalists, the Soviets were supporting the Lithuanian communists and the Polish Army was fighting them all." In mid-May the Lithuanian army, now commanded by General Silvestras Žukauskas, began an offensive against the Soviets in northeastern Lithuania. By mid-June the Lithuanians reached the Latvian border and cornered the Soviets among lakes and hills near Zarasai, where the Soviets held out until the end of August 1919. The Soviets and Lithuanians, separated by the Daugava River, maintained their fronts until the Battle of Daugavpils in January 1920. Already in September 1919 the Soviets offered to negotiate a peace treaty, but talks began only in May 1920. The Soviet–Lithuanian Peace Treaty was signed on July 12, 1920. Soviet Russia fully recognized independent Lithuania.
Background.
Lithuania became part of the Russian Empire after the final partition of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth in 1795. During World War I Lithuania was occupied by Germany and made part of Ober Ost. On February 16, 1918 the Council of Lithuania declared independence from both Germany and Russia. Three weeks later, the Bolsheviks, encumbered with the Russian Civil War, sued for peace with the Central Powers and signed the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk. They renounced Russian claims to Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Ukraine, Lithuania and Poland. However, the Lithuanians were only allowed minimal autonomy and could not establish "de facto" independence. That changed when Germany lost the war and signed the Compiègne Armistice on November 11, 1918. Lithuania soon began organizing basic institutions, and established their first government led by Augustinas Voldemaras.
On November 13, 1918, the Soviet Russian government renounced the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk, which had assured Lithuania's independence. The Bolshevik Western Army followed retreating German troops maintaining a distance of about between the two armies. Demoralized Germans often left valuable armaments and other equipment to the Soviets. The Soviets attempted to spread the global proletarian revolution and sought to establish Soviet republics in the region. They saw Baltic states as a barrier or a bridge into Western Europe, where they could join the German and the Hungarian Revolutions. By the end of December 1918, Bolshevik forces reached eastern Lithuania.
Opposing sides.
Lithuanian government.
Augustinas Voldemaras, the first Prime Minister of Lithuania, did not believe that forming the military was a priority and advocated Lithuanian neutrality. He trusted that German mercenaries would protect Lithuania until the upcoming Paris Peace Conference could establish peace. Residents organized local self-defense units to defend themselves from retreating Germans. The first laws regarding the army were not issued until November 23. Some Lithuanians, who had served in the Russian army during the World War, returned to Lithuania and started organizing battalions in Kaunas, Hrodna, Alytus. They lacked guns, ammunition, and officers.
At the end of December, with the Bolsheviks already in the country, Lithuania was left leaderless. Augustinas Voldemaras, Antanas Smetona, Chairman of the Council of Lithuania, and Martynas Yčas, Minister of Finance, departed for Germany to ask for financial assistance. General Kiprijonas Kundratavičius, Vice Minister of Defense, suggested a retreat to Hrodna and refused to command the Lithuanian defense. The first Cabinet of Ministers resigned on December 26, 1918. Mykolas Sleževičius stepped in and organized a new government. On December 29, he issued the first mass appeal in four languages calling for volunteers for the Lithuanian Army. Sleževičius government adopted new policy on land reform, which could be summarized in a slogan "land for those who cultivate it." It meant the land would be taken from large landowners and redistributed first to the volunteers for free and then to small peasants for a fee. Mobilization of officers was announced only on January 25; about 400 people responded.
Saxon Volunteers.
In Berlin, Smetona and Yčas signed a loan agreement with Germany for 100 million marks. The money was used primarily to build and supply the army. They further negotiated direct German support in the war against the Soviets. Article 12 of the Compiègne Armistice required the Germans to protect Lithuania from possible Soviet attacks, but Germany was also interested in maintaining its influence in the region and weakening Russia. At first they tried to organize volunteers from the retreating soldiers of the 10th German Army, commanded by General Erich von Falkenhayn. However, the soldiers were tired and demoralized and wanted to return home as soon as possible. Recruitment continued in Germany, especially in Saxony. The volunteers were paid 30 marks per month plus 5 marks per day and had to sign up for three months. The first Saxon Volunteers, as they became known, arrived to Kaunas at the beginning of January, but quite a few of them were judged unfit for duty and sent back. By the end of January, German volunteers numbered 4,000. They were not very reliable as the German Revolution increased popularity of the Spartacist League and Soviet causes. There were several attempts at a coup against the Lithuanian government. These volunteers were stationed in and around Kaunas: Alytus, Jonava, Kėdainiai, Baisogala.
At first they were organized into the 46th Saxon Volunteer Division. On February 22, Lieutenant-General Walter von Eberhardt became its commander. In April–May German forces were reorganized into the South Lithuania Volunteer Brigade composed of three regiments (18th, 19th, and 20th) and a separate battalion in Raseiniai. The 18th Regiment fought alongside Lithuanians; the 19th Regiment guarded Kaunas area and did not participate in battle; the 20th Regiment was stationed in Hrodna and then in Kėdainiai; the separate battalion joined the Bermontians. The Baltische Landeswehr, led by General Rüdiger von der Goltz, organized a coup against Latvian government and captured Riga. On May 23, the Paris Peace Conference reacting to these events asked Germany to withdraw its troops from both Latvia and Lithuania as soon as local forces could defend themselves. The last Saxon Volunteers left Lithuania in mid-July.
Soviet government.
On December 8, 1918, a temporary revolutionary government, chaired by Vincas Mickevičius-Kapsukas, was formed solely from members of the Communist Party of Lithuania. On December 16, 1918, the revolutionary government declared establishment of the Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic. Between December 31, 1918 and January 1, 1919, the German garrison withdrew from Vilnius and passed authority over the city to a local Polish committee, against the pleas of the Lithuanian administration. Polish self-defense units made up of local inhabitants, called Lithuanian and Belarusian Self-Defence, took over the posts. The Lithuanian government withdrew to Kaunas, the temporary capital of Lithuania. On January 5, 1919, Vilnius was taken by the Soviets after a five-day fight with Polish paramilitary platoons led by general Władysław Wejtko. Kapsukas and his government arrived in Vilnius from Daugavpils on January 7. On February 27, the Lithuanian SSR was incorporated into the Lithuanian–Belorussian Soviet Socialist Republic or Litbel.
In the occupied territory the Soviets created revolutionary committees and soviets based on structures developed in Russia. Unlike elsewhere, Lithuanian communist organizations were young and had not yet developed a network of supporting local councils. They nationalized commercial institutions and large estates. The land was to be used for collective farming instead of being redistributed to small farmers. The Soviet propagated internationalism and atheism in a country of staunch Catholics and determined nationalists. Soviets were supported by the industrial working class, but it was too small in Lithuania. The Soviets demanded large war contributions from captured cities and villages. For example, Panevėžys was required to pay 1,000,000, Utena – 200,000, villagers – 10 rubles. Such policies alienated local population and contributed to the eventual defeat of the Soviets. For example, in February Kapsukas sent a telegram to Moscow arguing that conscription of local Lithuanians to the Red Army would only encourage Lithuanians to volunteer for the Lithuanian army.
Soviet advance.
Soviet military gains.
Soviet troops (about 18,000–20,000 men) approached the Lithuanian territory on December 12, 1918. About 5,000 of them were Lithuanians. Three divisions were employed: Pskov division (later renamed Lithuanian Division), International Division (later renamed 2nd Latvian Riflemen Division; included 39th, 41st, 47th, and 60th Regiments), and 17th Division (later renamed Western Division; included 5th Vilnius Regiment). The divisions did not have a common military commander. Later more units were sent from Russia. The soviets also recruited partisan groups behind the front lines. Soviet soldiers were poorly supplied and had to support themselves by requisitioning food, horses, and clothes from local residents. Lithuania could not offer serious resistance as at the time its army consisted only of about 3,000 untrained volunteers. Only local partisans, armed with weapons acquired from retreating Germans, offered brief resistance.
Red Army captured one town after another: Zarasai and Švenčionys (Dec. 22), Utena (Dec. 23), Rokiškis (Dec. 27), Vilnius (Jan. 5), Ukmergė and Panevėžys (Jan. 9), Šiauliai (Jan. 15), Telšiai (Jan. 25). That accounted for about ⅔ of the Lithuanian territory. The front somewhat stabilized when Soviet forces were stopped near the Venta River by Latvian and German units (Baltische Landeswehr). Also Germans slowed down withdrawal of their troops after the Spartacist uprising was subdued on January 12. Southern Lithuania was a little better protected as Germans retreated from Ukraine through Hrodna. To prevent fights between retreating Germans and the Red Army, the Soviets and Germans signed a treaty on January 18. The treaty drew a temporary demarcation line that went through Daugai, Stakliškės, and east of Kaišiadorys–Jonava–Kėdainiai railway. That barred Bolshevik forces from directly attacking Kaunas, Lithuania's second-largest city. The Red Army would need to encircle Kaunas and attack through Alytus or Kėdainiai. The operation to take Kaunas began on February 7.
Encirclement of Kaunas.
Kėdainiai was attacked by the 2nd Riflemen Regiment of Lithuanian (former Pskov) Division (about 1,000 men). Lithuanian forces from Panevėžys, commanded by Jonas Variakojis, and from Kėdainiai numbered only about 200 men. Lithuanians withstood Red Army advance near Kėdainiai and with German support repelled it. On February 8, during the course of a reconnaissance mission, Povilas Lukšys became the first Lithuanian soldier to die in the war. On February 10, joint Lithuanian and German forces captured Šėta and forced the Red Army to retreat. The success of this operation lifted the Lithuanian army's morale and prevented the Red Army from encircling Kaunas from the north.
On February 9, Soviet 7th Riflemen Regiment (900 men) took over Jieznas, south of Kaunas. The following day Lithuanian forces (300 men) from Prienai and Kaunas attacked before the Red Army could consolidate position, but were betrayed by their Russian commander and suffered a defeat: 18 Lithuanians were killed and 33 were taken prisoners. Lithuanians retreated, were reinforced by new Lithuanian and Saxon Volunteers, attacked again, and took Jieznas on February 13. The Soviets continued to push for Kaunas. The 3rd and 4th Riflemen Regiments (about 2,000 men) attacked Alytus on February 12. Germans did not engage in battle and retreated; not yet fully formed Lithuanian 1st Infantry Regiment could not withstand pressure from the Red Army and had to retreat towards Marijampolė and Prienai. Antanas Juozapavičius, the first Lithuanian officer to die in the wars, was killed during this battle. On the night of February 14–15, German forces and one company of the Lithuanians returned to Alytus and retook the city. Kaunas was defended and the front stabilized for a while. Soviets were ordered to abandon the offensive and maintain defensive position. This break allowed Lithuanians to better organize and train the volunteers.
Counterattacks.
German offensive.
Northern Lithuania (Samogitia) was overtaken by the Soviet International Division (about 3,000 men). Its objective was to reach the Baltic Sea and cut off German supplies to Latvians in their war against the Soviets. Local communists were more active in northern Lithuania as the shortest route for Russian prisoners to return to Russia was through Samogitia. Their biggest achievement was formation of a 1,000-man Samogitian Regiment, commanded by Feliksas Baltušis-Žemaitis, in the city of Šiauliai. The regiment included Russian POWs, German deserters, and criminals. There were no units of regular Lithuanian army in Samogitia except for partisans in Skuodas, rallied by Povilas Plechavičius and his brother Aleksandras, and in Joniškėlis.
The movement of the Bolsheviks towards East Prussia worried Germany, and they sent volunteers (Brigade Shaulen) commanded by General Rudiger von der Goltz to free a section of the Libau–Romny Railway line linking Liepāja, Mažeikiai, Radviliškis, and Kėdainiai. It was part of a larger counter-offensive in Latvia. At the end of February the Lithuanian partisans, supported by German artillery, took Mažeikiai and Seda, and pursued Bolsheviks to Kuršėnai. On February 27, 1919, German volunteers supported by Plechavičius' partisans and Joniškėlis' partisans, defeated the Samogitian Regiment in a battle near Luokė. The regiment disbanded. Before mid-March the Germans took Kuršėnai, Šiauliai, Radviliškis, Šeduva, Joniškis and stopped. On few occasions they were aided by Lithuanian partisans and regular units. Joniškėlis' partisans continued to guard the front along the Mūša River. They were later incorporated into regular Lithuanian military.
Lithuanian preparations.
As the Soviet forces were stopped, Lithuanian army slowly began to prepare itself for an offensive. After the Battle of Kėdainiai, Panevėžys volunteer regiment had secured its positions and grew in strength. Between mid-February and end of March it carried out small "expeditions" into nearby towns. Their main purpose was to demoralize the enemy forces and boost confidence of local residents and Lithuanian volunteers. As a reward for its successful operations, the volunteer regiment was given a name on March 22: the Separate Panevėžys Battalion (). Demoralization campaign was successful: the Bolshevik forces stationed in Panevėžys and Kupiškis rebelled, and were quelled only by a Red Army Division from neighboring Latvia. The Bolshevik morale underwent deeper declines, and between March 19 and March 24 their forces left Panevėžys. Lithuanian forces entered the city on March 26, but the Red Army retook it on April 4.
The lull between Soviet attacks was used to strengthen and organize the army. On March 5, Lithuanians announced mobilization of men born 1887–1889. Lithuanian forces rapidly increased their numbers. By May 3 the official headcount reached 440 officers and 10,729 privates. However, only about half of them were properly trained, armed, and assigned to military units. In February–April Lithuanian soldiers were actively undergoing training, the chain of command was streamlined, new military units formed. Lithuania also received new shipments of arms and munitions. Soldiers received first uniforms.
The first organized Lithuanian offensive was carried out between April 3 and April 8, 1919. Lithuanians decided to take advantage of large Polish attacks against the Soviets in Hrodna area in order to test enemy strength and capture Vilnius. The southern group, formed on the basis of the 1st Riflemen Regiment and led by Kazys Ladiga, was to attack from Alytus along Daugai–Valkininkai line. The northern group, formed on the basis on the 2nd Riflemen Regiment and led by Juozas Butkus, was to attack from Kaišiadorys along Žasliai–Vievis line. Germans did not participate. Both regiments were initially successful, but Soviets gathered their forces and stopped the advance. As Lithuanian flanks were not defended, they decided to abandon to offensive. Soviets also accused Germans of violating the demarcation line set on January 18 and pressured them to retreat.
Polish offensive.
Poland started an offensive against the Soviets in March 1919. They pushed east and north, entering Vilnius Region, the territory claimed by Lithuanians. Between April 19 and 21, Poles captured Vilnius during the Vilna offensive and by May secured their positions. The Polish army forced Soviets to withdraw their left wing from territories south of the Neris River. Polish advance significantly shortened the Lithuanian–Soviet front line and allowed Lithuania to concentrate its forces for operations in northeastern Lithuania. However, it also meant that a new front line with Poland was open. At first, both Poles and Lithuanians cooperated against the Soviets, but soon the cooperation gave way to increasing hostility. The first clashes between Polish and Lithuanian soldiers occurred on April 26 and May 8 near Vievis.
Poland did not recognize Lithuania, as its Chief of State Józef Piłsudski wanted a union with Lithuania in hopes to revive the old Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth (see Międzymorze federation). Poland justified its actions not only as part of a military campaign against the Soviets but also as the right of self-determination of local Poles, who formed a significant minority in eastern Lithuania. Lithuanians claimed Vilnius as their historical capital and opposed to any federation with Poland, desiring an independent national Lithuanian state. The Lithuanian government in Kaunas saw the Polish presence in Vilnius as occupation. In addition to the Vilnius Region, the nearby Suwałki Region was also disputed. The Polish–Lithuanian relations were not immediately hostile, but grew worse as each side refused to compromise.
Lithuanian offensive.
Polish advances against the Soviets necessitated changes in Lithuanian strategy. On April 26, General Silvestras Žukauskas, who just recovered from typhus, was designated Chief of Staff. He decided to mount offensive in northeastern Lithuania. The first objective was to take over Ukmergė. On May 3, the Separate Panevėžys Volunteer Regiment, supported by the 18th Regiment of Saxon Volunteers, had secured the town. The operation was risky as for a while Kėdainiai was unprotected opening a path to Kaunas, but also very successful: some 500 Soviets were taken prisoner and about 50 Poles, captured by the Soviets in the battles near Vilnius, were liberated and returned to Poland. On May 7 Lithuanians entered Širvintos, where they found Polish troops. Lithuanians and Poles mounted a joint operation to take Giedraičiai on May 9.
The Lithuanian army's chain of command was reformed. On May 7, General Žukauskas assumed command of the entire Lithuanian army and initiated a complete reorganization of Lithuanian forces into two groups. The first brigade, stationed in Ukmergė, was called the "Vilkmergė Group" and included a battalion of Saxon Volunteers. Its first commander Kazys Ladiga was ordered to push along the Utena–Zarasai line. The second brigade, called the "Panevėžys Group", was charged with capturing Panevėžys and then pushing along the Kupiškis–Rokiškis–Obeliai line. The group, initially commanded by Jonas Variakojis, was aided by Joniškėlis' partisans from the north. The Ministry of Defense and the Staff were also reorganized.
On May 18 the reorganized army carried out its first operation. The Vilkmergė Group captured Kurkliai and Anykščiai. On May 22, the Group launched an attack on Utena. The initiative was met by a Soviet counterattack, and the Lithuanian forces retreated. Further attacks were stopped for several days to wait for the results of the advance on Kupiškis. The drive towards Utena resumed on May 31, and the city was secured on June 2. The Panevėžys Group launched a drive towards Panevėžys on May 18 and secured the city the following day, but lost it to a Bolshevik counterattack, carried out on May 21. However, Soviets left Panevėžys without a fight two days later. The Group charged towards Kupiškis and secured Subačius. On May 30 Joniškėlis' partisans broke through the Soviet lines and took Rokiškis in Soviet rear; Bolshevik forces, afraid that they will encircled, left Kupiškis on the night of May 30–31, and Lithuania secured that city on June 1.
After the capture of Utena, Saxon Volunteers left the front and by mid-July departed from Lithuania. However, Lithuanian advance continued, and on June 10 Lithuanian forces reached the territory controlled by Latvian partisans (Green Guard) and supplied them with munitions. On June 12, the Soviets counterattacked and Lithuanians were stopped. Another Soviet push came on June 20 and the front stabilized. The Soviets were cornered in a small region around Zarasai. Between July 6 and 12, Lithuanians with some Latvian assistance attempted to drive out the Bolsheviks. The Soviets gathered their forces from calmer fronts and forced Lithuanians to retreat to their former positions.
Polish–Lithuanian conflict.
While Lithuanian forces battled the Soviets in northeastern Lithuania, tension between Poland and Lithuania grew. Direct negotiations between May 28 and June 11, 1919 collapsed as neither side was inclined to compromise. Trying to prevent a direct military conflict the Allied Supreme Council drew the first demarcation line on June 18, 1919. The line was drawn several kilometers west of the Warsaw – Saint Petersburg Railway. Polish Ministry of Foreign Affairs rejected it as it required the Polish forces to retread up to ; Lithuanians were not content with it as well, as it left Vilnius and Hrodna under Polish control. As German volunteers were departing from Lithuania (their last units left Kaunas in mid-July), Poland mounted an offensive on wide front moving deeper into the Lithuanian territory. Preoccupied with Soviet threat, Lithuania could not organize an effective defense and the Entente intervened again by drawing the second demarcation line, known as the Foch Line, on July 26, 1919. Two major modifications were made: Suwałki Region was assigned to Poland and the entire line was moved about west. Neither Lithuanians, Poles, nor Germans (still present in the Suwałki Region) were content with the new demarcation line. Between July 29 and August 2, Polish troops carried out several attacks against the Lithuanians. On August 3, a Polish diplomatic mission in Kaunas declared that Poland has no plans to annex Lithuania and proposed a plebiscite in the contested territories, allowing local inhabitants to determine their future. When the Lithuanian government rejected the Polish proposal, Józef Piłsudski decided that further military action was not a solution. Instead, the Lithuanian government itself needed to be replaced by a party more willing to negotiate a compromise. The front stabilized, but bilateral relations worsened in the aftermath of the Sejny Uprising (August 23 – September 9) which in turn ruined the attempted coup d'état by the Polish Military Organisation against the Lithuanian government (August 28–29).
Final battles.
Due to threat from Poland, the front with the Soviets was quiet for more than a month. There were minor incidents involving scouts or outpost guards. The Red Army used the time to reorganize and strengthen their forces, using natural barriers, like plentiful lakes, rivers, and hills, enhanced with trenches and barbed wires, to secure their position. They also had fortifications built during World War I about south of Daugavpils. The Soviets had larger forces: Lithuanians had two infantry regiments and five separate battalions; the Soviets had six regiments and one separate battalion. The Lithuanians together with Poles planned to push for Daugavpils starting August 9, but the plans were delayed until August 23.
The Ukmergė Group attacked first and captured Zarasai on August 25. The Group moved about into the Soviet-controlled territory, but neither its right or left flanks were adequately protected by the Polish units or the Panevėžys Group. The Panevėžys Group began its advance on August 26 and Polish troops moved along the railroad towards Turmantas. The Lithuanians maneuvered around the old Russian fortifications, forcing the Red Army to retreat. Converging on Daugavpils, the Lithuanian–Soviet front shortened and the Lithuanians were able to concentrate their forces. On August 28, the Soviets began retreating north across the Daugava River. By August 31, on the southern shore of the Daugava, the Soviet held only Grīva, a suburb of Daugavpils.
The enemy was driven out from the Lithuanian territory and the narrow front stabilized as Lithuanians and Soviets were separated by the Daugava River. The Lithuanian main forces could be redeployed elsewhere, including protection of the demarcation line with Poland and planned attacks against the Bermontians in northern Lithuania. In September 1919, joint Polish and Latvian forces took the southern shore of Daugava, including Grīva. The Lithuanian–Soviet front remained open until the Battle of Daugavpils when Latvian and Polish forces captured Daugavpils in January 1920. The Lithuanians did not participate in these operations. The Lithuanians claimed the territory, taken by their soldiers, for themselves despite Latvian protests. This led to several skirmishes between Latvian and Lithuanian troops, but the border issue was successfully mediated by Britain and finally resolved in March 1921.
Peace treaty.
The first Lithuanian–Soviet attempt at negotiations took place on September 11, 1919, after the People's Commissar of Foreign Affairs of Soviet Russia, Georgy Chicherin, sent a note with a proposal for a peace treaty. However, Lithuanian delayed the talks as it feared that negotiations with communist Russia, which was isolated from European politics, would damage its relationships with the western powers that had not yet recognized Lithuania. The talks began only in May 1920 and were highly influenced by the events in the Polish–Soviet War. Russia recognized Lithuania's independence and its right to the Vilnius Region; in exchange Lithuania granted Soviet forces unrestricted movement during the war against Poland. This compromised Lithuania's declared neutrality and further deepened the Polish–Lithuanian crisis.
On July 14, 1920 the Soviets captured Vilnius, but did not transfer the city to Lithuanian administration, as agreed in the treaty. Instead Soviets planned a coup to overthrow Lithuanian government and establish a Soviet republic. However, Soviets lost the Battle of Warsaw and were pushed back by the Poles. Some historians credit this victory for saving Lithuania's independence from the Soviet coup. Despite the Soviet–Lithuanian Peace Treaty, Lithuania was very close to being invaded by the Soviets in summer 1920 and being forcibly incorporated into the Soviet state, and only the Polish victory derailed this plan. On August 26, the Red Army left Vilnius and Lithuanians prepared to defend their borders as they were drawn in the treaty. This led to further hostilities with Poland as it did not recognize the treaty. Eventually Lithuania lost the Vilnius Region during the Żeligowski's Mutiny. When mediation at League of Nations failed to change the situation, Lithuania and Poland were suspended in the state of "no war, no peace" until the Polish ultimatum of 1938. During all this time Soviet Russia was Lithuania's strongest ally against Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18990478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990478" title="George Clayton Foulk">
George Clayton Foulk

George Clayton Foulk (b. October 30, 1856 in Marietta, Pennsylvania - son of Clayton and Caroline Foulk; died 1893 in Japan). He graduate from the US Naval Academy in 1876 and went to Asia on the ship "Alert". He made a 427-mile journey through Japan, then returned to the United States overland via Korea, Siberia, and Europe. He became fluent in Japanese and Korean; when a Korean mission arrived in 1883 he was the only person in Washington who could interpret. He was appointed U.S. Naval Attache to Korea and after arriving there embarked on two long journeys by sedan chair around the country. On the longer journey, 43 days, his visit included Gongju, Gwangju, Haeinsa, Busan, Daegu, and Mungyeong. A coup occurred in Seoul during the latter part of this journey and the Koreans' hospitality turned to hostility from those who took him to be a Japanese spy. 
He served as the Minister to the Kingdom of Korea from 1885 to 1886 and again from 1886 to 1887. Soon after his relief by William Harwar Parker, Foulk was sent back to Korea after a report reached Washington, D.C. that Parker was a "chronic drunkard" who suffered from alcoholism. The United States government considered the situation so serious that a squadron of naval vessels was diverted to intercept Foulk's passenger liner and return him to Korea as soon as possible. 
Foulk was finally recalled several months later and relieved by Hugh A. Dinsmore, with the U.S. acting at the behest of the Chinese government. The Chinese were unhappy with Foulk's attempts to build up Korea's ability to counteract Chinese and Japanese influence.
After his recall, Foulk worked as a teacher at Doshisha College (now Doshisha University) in Kobe. On September 7, 1887, he married Japanese national Masura Kane, with whom he had corresponded while in Korea. They are buried together in the Nyakuoji Cemetery, Kobe, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18990485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990485" title="IDistance">
IDistance

In pattern recognition, the iDistance is an indexing and query processing technique for k-nearest neighbor queries on point data in multi-dimensional metric spaces. The kNN query is one of the hardest problems on multi-dimensional data, especially when the dimensionality of the data is high. The iDistance is designed to process kNN queries in high-dimensional spaces efficiently and it is especially good for skewed data distributions, which usually occur in real-life data sets.
Indexing.
Building the iDistance index has two steps:
The figure on the right shows an example where three reference points (O1, O2, O3) are chosen. The data points are then mapped to a one-dimensional space and indexed in a B+-tree.
Query processing.
To process a kNN query, the query is mapped to a number of one-dimensional range queries, which can be processed efficiently on a B+-tree. In the above figure, the query "Q" is mapped to a value in the B+-tree while the kNN search ``sphere" is mapped to a range in the B+-tree. The search sphere expands gradually until the k NNs are found. This corresponds to gradually expanding range searches in the B+-tree.
The iDistance technique can be viewed as a way of accelerating the sequential scan. Instead of scanning records from the beginning to the end of the data file, the iDistance starts the scan from spots where the nearest neighbors can be obtained early with a very high probability.
Applications.
The iDistance has been used in many applications including
Historical background.
The iDistance was first proposed by Cui Yu, Beng Chin Ooi, Kian-Lee Tan and H. V. Jagadish in 2001. Later, together with Rui Zhang, they improved the technique and performed a more comprehensive study on it in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18990492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990492" title="Vanilla Sky (disambiguation)">
Vanilla Sky (disambiguation)

Vanilla Sky is a 2001 film starring Tom Cruise and directed by Cameron Crowe.
Vanilla Sky may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18990515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990515" title="Muglad">
Muglad

Muglad is a town in West Kurdufan State in the center of Sudan. It is the center town of the Messeria tribe.
Transport.
It is served by a railway station on the Waw branch of Sudan Railways.
It is the junction for a branch line to the oil fields at Abu Jabra.

</doc>
<doc id="18990526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990526" title="Science Fiction Monthly">
Science Fiction Monthly

Science Fiction Monthly was a British science fiction magazine published from 1974-1976 by New English Library. It was notable as the only UK science fiction magazine at the time.
The characteristic feature of the magazine was its large page size, roughly equivalent to a broadsheet newspaper and the fact that it was published as a loose leaf magazine. This format enabled poster-size reproductions of science fiction book jacket illustrations to be a major part of the magazine. Featured artists included Bruce Pennington, Chris Foss, Tim White, David A. Hardy and Josh Kirby. The magazine also ran feature articles on artists, reprinted some vintage magazine covers at its large page size, and ran two art contests which yielded over twenty works by new artists. The editors were Patricia Hornsey (1974–1975) and Julie Davis (1975–1976).
Science Fiction Monthly was primarily designed to appeal to a teenaged readership, and this, combined with the attractive posters, ensure that very few complete copies of the magazine survive. Most issues were taken to pieces and used as posters.
As well as stories, the magazine contained series such as "Modern masters of science fiction" by Walter Gillings. 
The publisher, New English Library (NEL), also issued binders for the magazine. These were an attractive dark purple in colour. A complete set of the magazine (as published), occupies slightly less than the available space in three of the binders.
The magazine sales were disappointing with circulation dropping from around 100,000 to 20,000 and in 1976, after only 28 issues, the magazine metamorphosed into "SF Digest".
Re-Launch as "SF Digest".
SF Digest had a smaller (bedsheet) format and no full-colour interiors, but was essentially the same magazine, intended now to become a quarterly publication. The re-launched magazine was aimed at a more mature readership than its predecessor, putting more emphasis on fiction than the more artwork orientated Science Fiction Monthly. The editor for the one and only issue was Julie Davis and the cover art was produced by David Bergen. After one issue of SF Digest was published, NEL made a decision to leave the science fiction magazine market.

</doc>
<doc id="18990528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990528" title="Brown Theatre">
Brown Theatre

The Brown Theatre is a restored theatre dating back to 1925 that seats approximately 1,400 patrons in Louisville, Kentucky. The theatre still stands today and remains a testament to the glory days of Louisville’s theatre district.
History.
The Theatre opened on October 5, 1925. The space was named for James Graham Brown, an Indiana native and longtime Louisville resident. Modeled after New York’s famous Music Box Theatre, the space boasts a 40’ x 40’ stage. 
With the onset of the Great Depression, the Brown was leased to the Fourth Avenue Amusement Company in the 1930s as a movie theater.
By 1962 the Brown Theatre was renovated so that it could once again stage live performances.
Another renovation took place in 1971 and afterwards was sold to the Louisville Board of Education, operating under contract to the Louisville Theatrical Association. The theatre was briefly rechristened the Macauley's Theatre. In 1982, the Broadway-Brown Partnership was formed and purchased the theatre and adjoining hotel in an effort to rejuvenate the southern end of Louisville’s downtown business district. 
Louisville’s Fund for the Arts acquired the building in 1997, undertaking to finance the remainder of the $4.2 million restoration with the Kentucky Center for the Performing Arts under contract to manage the theatre. Generous gifts were also received from the W.L. Lyons Brown Foundation, the Brown family of Louisville, and the Brown-Forman Corporation. 
In 1998, re-christened the W.L. Lyons Brown Theatre, new stage equipment and rigging, a modernized computer marquee, and new heating and air conditioning systems are put into place making the space a comfortable and state-of-the-art theatre.
Further gifts from Owsley Brown Frazier resulted in the main reception area adjoining the Fifth Third Conference Center being named the Frazier Lobby.

</doc>
<doc id="18990546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990546" title="Zhu Zhaoxiang">
Zhu Zhaoxiang

Zhu Zhaoxiang (1921-28 November 2011) (), aka Zhao-xiang Zhu, was a Chinese engineer, educator and the main pioneer of explosive mechanics in modern China. Zhu was the 1st President of Ningbo University.
Biography.
Feb 4, 1921, Zhu was born in Zhenhai County (current Zhenhai District), Ningbo, Zhejiang Province. Both his father and grandfather were fishermen. In 1949, Zhu graduated from the Department of Civil Engineering, Zhejiang University. In the early 1940s, Zhu joined the Communist Party of China (CPC). From 1944 to 1949, Zhu was a lecturer and assistant in the Department of Civil Engineering, Zhejiang University.
In 1957, because of his right-wing political views and statements, Zhu was expelled from the CPC. Zhu was reaccepted and rejoined the party in Deng Xiaoping's era. From 1959 to 1988, Zhu taught mechanics at the University of Science and Technology of China (USTC); he was a lecturer, associate professor, professor, and the leader of explosive mechanics research at USTC, in chronological order. From 1985 to 1988, Zhu served as the first President of Ningbo University in Ningbo, China. Since 1989, Zhu continued his position at the Institute of Mechanics, Chinese Academy of Sciences as a senior researcher.

</doc>
<doc id="18990553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990553" title="Joel Williams (offensive lineman)">
Joel Williams (offensive lineman)

Joel Herschel Williams (March 18, 1926 – March 10, 1997) was an American football center in the National Football League for the Baltimore Colts. He also played in the All-America Football Conference for the San Francisco 49ers. Williams played college football at the University of Texas and was drafted in the 22nd round of the 1948 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="18990628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990628" title="European Sportscar Championship">
European Sportscar Championship

The European Sportscar Championship was a name used by several sports car racing championships based in Europe. Initially created in 1970 by the Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile (FISA) as the European 2-Litre Sports Car Championship for Makes, the series increased in popularity and eventually became part of the World Sports Car Championship in 1976 even after a troubled 1975 season. Only two years later, as interest in sports-prototypes faded, the championship was downgraded from World Championship status and a European championship returned once more, only to be cancelled after its sole 1978 season.
A European championship for sports cars was created once more in 1983, now named the European Endurance Championship, and combined several events from the World Endurance Championship with other European rounds. The concept was however not continued the following year.
History.
1970 – 1975.
By 1970, light open-cockpit sports prototypes which used engines under were becoming popular cars in the World Championship for Makes. Chassis manufacturers Lola, Chevron, Abarth, and Porsche all offered cars to customers which were designed for this category, leading FISA to create a championship specifically for these cars and serving as a junior formula for the World Championship. Races varied from to , and ran either as a single event or in two heats. Grand tourer cars were also allowed to participate, although they were not included in the championship standings.
Ford-powered Cherons won the inaugural Championship for Makes in the opening 1970 season, leading Lola by a single point. Lola triumphed in 1971, followed by Osella entering the series in partnership with Abarth and dominated the 1972 championship with five victories. Lola won the championship once more in 1973 before the new Alpine A441-Renault swept the 1974 season with nine wins in nine races.
The 1975 season was cancelled shortly after it had begun, only two rounds being completed before rising fuel costs forced a premature end to the championship. FISA however pressed forward with the creation of a World Championship for open-cockpit prototypes, combining not only 2-Litre entries from the European Championship, but also the prototypes with larger engines which had previously run in the World Championship for Makes.
1976 – 1977.
During the 1976 and 1977 seasons, FISA established new rules for a Group 6 category of prototypes. 2-Litre sports cars from the former European Championship were part of the new Group 6 classification, competing alongside sports prototypes which used the 3-Litre and 5-Litre engine rules. The new World Sports Car Championship was created exclusively for the Group 6 category. Although a World Championship, only one race was held outside of Europe in 1976 season, and all events were within Europe in 1977.
Porsche's 3-Litre cars won every event in 1976 while Osella's 2-Litre cars were second in the Manufacturer's Championship. Osella once again led the 2-Litre category in 1977 while Alfa Romeo's 3-Litre cars won all eight rounds. At the end of the 1977 season, FISA chose to cancel the World Sports Car Championship in order to concentrate on the World Championship for Makes. The Group 6 category would however be allowed to compete in World Championship for Makes events once again, however they were not allowed to score points towards the Championship.
1978.
After the cancellation of the World Sports Car Championship, the European Sports Car Championship was created for 1978 in order to allow Group 6 prototypes to continue to compete for their own championship. Manufacturers no longer were granted their own championship, and emphasis was instead placed on drivers. The series was also separated into two categories, one for the 2-Litre cars and the other for the larger capacity cars. Osellas once again led the 2-Litre field, led by drive "Gimax" who won the 2-Litre Drivers Championship. Porsche driver Reinhold Joest won the other Drivers Championship.
Diminishing support for sports prototypes and the large number of drivers which chose to compete in the Italian Group 6 Championship led FISA to cancel the European Championship outright after 1978. Group 6 cars continued to compete as guests in World Championship for Makes events until 1982 when regulations were once again changed and the Group C category was established.
1983.
In 1981, the World Championship for Makes was succeeded by the World Endurance Championship with the introduction of the Group C and Group B regulations. As part of this change, a Drivers Championship was introduced for the first time alongside the Manufacturers Championship. However, as the majority of teams concentrated on the European events which were the majority of the schedule, a third Championship was created, known as the European Endurance Championship.
The European Endurance Championship was composed of five events which were part of the Manufacturers Championship, as well as three races which were not counted towards the Manufacturers Championship but were well attended by the teams. Porsche driver Bob Wollek won the 1983 Endurance Championship, although he was ranked fifth in the World Championship standings.
After 1983, FISA eliminated the European Endurance Championship, choosing to keep the World Championship for drivers instead.

</doc>
<doc id="18990636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990636" title="Battle of Bothaville">
Battle of Bothaville

The Battle of Bothaville (Doornkraal) on 6 November 1900 was a rare defeat of Christiaan de Wet's Boer commando at the hands of a force of British Mounted Infantry (MI).
Battle.
De Wet was one of the most successful Boer commanders of the Second Boer War, disrupting British supply lines almost with impunity. On 6 November, De Wet camped at Bothaville on the Valsch River with 800 Orange Free State commandos. His party included the president of the Free State, Marthinus Steyn. De Wet was aware that Maj. Gen. Charles Knox's greatly superior British all-arms force was camped away and believed that his outposts would give him adequate warning of any enemy moves. What he did not know was that the men at his main outpost had fallen asleep.
Shortly after dawn, right after De Wet received a reassuring report from a scout, Knox's 600-man advance guard, the 5th and 8th MI under Lieutenant-Colonel P. W. J. Le Gallais appeared only from the Boer camp. For once, De Wet was surprised and a panic ensued in the Boer camp. Because his adjutant had kept a horse ready saddled, President Steyn was able to escape. The bulk of De Wet's commando fled for their lives on horseback, but a hard core of about 150 men stayed behind and fought it out with the MI. The two sides went to ground or occupied farm buildings and blazed away with rifles and even field guns at close range. "The heroism displayed on both sides made it one of the most ferocious and gruesome little actions of the war."
The battle went on for four hours before Knox belatedly showed up with his infantry force. At that point, one surviving officer, Major William Bernard Hickie, led the MI in a bayonet charge. This quickly produced a Boer surrender. The MI wanted to shoot two Boers who were found with dum-dum bullets, but Knox humanely stopped this. To the irritation of the MI officers, Knox and his staff seemed preoccupied with dividing the spoils in the captured Boer camp. There was no pursuit.
Aftermath.
The Boers lost 25 killed and about 130 captured, including 30 men wounded. De Wet also had to abandon four Krupp field guns, a pom pom, and two artillery pieces captured from the British at the battles of Colenso and Sanna's Post. British losses were also serious: about 38 men either wounded or killed in action. Le Gallais died that night of his wounds. Lieutenant-Colonel Wally Ross of the 8th MI was severely wounded in the face. Because of Knox's failure to pursue, most of De Wet's force got away intact and soon began operating against British garrisons and supply convoys again. A furious Hickie wrote, "The General is an old woman... If Knox had the same dash as Le Gallais we should have taken the whole lot, bagged the whole crowd."Serious losses of materiel had also been inflicted on the Boers, including six field-guns, a Maxim gun and a pom-pom, all de Wet's wagons carrying gun and small-arms ammunition as well as clothing and other supplies. Despite this, de Wet remained in the field and, within a fortnight, struck back at the British at the head of 1,500 burghers.

</doc>
<doc id="18990640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990640" title="Chris Richards">
Chris Richards

Biography.
Chris Richards is a former bass guitarist of Suffocation. He started playing bass at the age of 15. He grew up in Long Island, New York. Chris replaced Josh Baron of Suffocation in July 1991. Chris was world renown in the death metal world because of his technical bass playing and lightning fast fingers. He also played in two other Long Island death metal Bands, Apparition (Sorrow) who also signed to Roadrunner Records Aug 1990-July 1991 and Pyrexia which Chris formed with band mates Guy Marchais (current Suffocation member) and Darrel Wagner in OCT 1989-July 1991. Chris left Suffocation in Aug 1998 to pursue other musical outlets and Suffocation folded shortly thereafter. Chris and Doug Cerrito (guitarist of Suffocation 1990-1998) paths came together in the winter of 1999 and they have been playing together ever since along with the likes of Doug Bohn drummer (Suffocation 1993-1995). Chris was asked by vocalist Frank Mullen (current Suffocation member) to rejoin Suffocation in the spring of 2002 and Chris declined.

</doc>
<doc id="18990645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990645" title="Passaic, Rutherford and Carlstadt Electric Railway">
Passaic, Rutherford and Carlstadt Electric Railway

The Passaic, Rutherford and Carlstadt Electric Railway was a trolley line incorporated in 1889 and consolidated into the Paterson, Passaic and Rutherford Electric Railway in 1893.

</doc>
<doc id="18990653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990653" title="SS Cymric">
SS Cymric

SS "Cymric" was a steamship of the White Star Line built by Harland and Wolff in Belfast and launched on 12 October 1897. She had originally been designed as a combination passenger liner and livestock carrier, with accommodations for only First Class passengers. During the stages of her design layout, it became clearer to the designers at Harland and Wolff that combining passengers and livestock had become rather unpopular, so the spaces designated for cattle were reconfigured into Third Class accommodations. She departed Liverpool on her maiden voyage on 29 April 1898, arriving in New York City on 9 May 1898. She spent the first five years of her career on the White Star Line's main passenger service route between Liverpool and New York, until 1903 when she was transferred to the less traveled Liverpool-Boston route, which she sailed on for nine years before being returned to the Liverpool route in 1912.
During both the Boer War and the First World War she was pressed into service as a troop transport. On 8 May 1916 she was torpedoed three times by Walther Schwieger's , which had sunk a year earlier. "Cymric" sank the next day with the loss of five lives, 140 miles northwest of Fastnet.
While the general location of the wreck of the "Cymric" is known, the wreck has not been found.

</doc>
<doc id="18990657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990657" title="Montelbaanstoren">
Montelbaanstoren

The Montelbaanstoren is a tower on bank of the canal "Oudeschans" in Amsterdam, Netherlands. The original tower was built in 1516 for the purpose of defending the city. The top half, designed by Hendrick de Keyser, was extended to its current, decorative form in 1606.

</doc>
<doc id="18990693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990693" title="Battle of Nanjing (1853)">
Battle of Nanjing (1853)

The Battle of Nanjing (1853) () began after the fall of Wuhan on March 8, 1853, and ended with the fall of the capital city of Nanjing on March 19, 1853 to Taiping troops, a few days after the Qing Government had evacuated the city.
References.
Draft History of Qing

</doc>
<doc id="18990704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990704" title="Yuri Kuznetsov (footballer born 1931)">
Yuri Kuznetsov (footballer born 1931)

Yuri Konstantinovich Kuznetsov () (born August 2, 1931 in Baku) is a retired Soviet football player and coach.
International career.
Kuznetsov made his debut for USSR on August 21, 1955 in a friendly against West Germany. He scored goals in two next national team games, but did not represent USSR after that.

</doc>
<doc id="18990709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990709" title="Kuwahara">
Kuwahara

Kuwahara is a Japanese surname. It may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18990711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990711" title="Zimbabwe at the Commonwealth Games">
Zimbabwe at the Commonwealth Games

Zimbabwe (abbreviated ZIM) has taken part in eleven Commonwealth Games from the second games in 1934: first as Rhodesia, then Southern Rhodesia, then Rhodesia and Nyasaland, then as Zimbabwe.
Rhodesia with a "white" government under UDI was suspended from 1966 to 1978.
Zimbabwe withdrew from the Commonwealth in December 2003, and did not attend the 2006 Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18990779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990779" title="Chick Jagade">
Chick Jagade

Harry Charles Jagade (December 9, 1926 – November 1968) was an American football fullback in the National Football League for the Cleveland Browns and Chicago Bears. He also played in the All-America Football Conference for the Baltimore Colts. Jagade played college football at Indiana University and was drafted in the fourteenth round of the 1948 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="18990784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990784" title="Michel-Gaspard Coppenrath">
Michel-Gaspard Coppenrath

Monsignor Michel-Gaspard Coppenrath (4 June 1924 – 16 August 2008) was the Tahitian Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Papeete in French Polynesia for 26 years from 1973 until 1999. Coppenrath continued to serve as the Archbishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Papeete from his 1999 until his death in 2008. Coppenrath was the first Tahitian-born Catholic bishop of French Polynesia. 
Early life.
Michel-Gaspard Coppenrath was born in Papeete, Tahiti. but later moved to France, where he served as a member of the French Resistance against Nazi occupation during World War II before joining the priesthood. Coppenrath was formally ordained as a Catholic priest in Poitiers, France, on 29 June 1954, when he was thirty years old. He further obtained both a degree in civil law as well as a doctorate in Canon law.
Archbishop of Papeete.
Coppenrath initially became a Vicar in Papeete due to his doctorate in Canon law. However, he was soon appointed as a parish priest in Pirae, a commune located along the northern coast of Tahiti. Coppenrath worked with local youth movements, as well as the media, while assigned to Pirae.
Coppenrath was elevated to vicar-general to Monsignor Paul-Laurent-Jean-Louis Mazé in 1966. He was next appointed as the Archbishop of the Titular See Tigisi in Numidia (Algeria) on 16 February 1968. He held that post until he was appointed the Archbishop of Papeete. 
Michel-Gaspard Coppenrath was formally appointed the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Papeete on 5 March 1973. He would serve as Archbishop for the next 26 years. Coppenrath earned a reputation during his tenure as someone to turn to during French Polynesia's political and social crises. He was often consulted by French Polynesia's political and religious leaders. He retired as Archbishop in 1999. Pope John Paul II and the Roman Catholic Church appointed Coppenrath's brother, Hubert Coppenrath, as his successor on 4 June 1999, which also marked the 75th birthday of Michel-Gaspard Coppenrath.
Death.
Michel-Gaspard Coppenrath died of a ruptured aneurysm on 14 August 2008, aged 84. His survivors included his brother, the current Archbishop of Papeete Hubert Coppenrath, and two nieces, Béatrice Vernaudon, the mayor of Pirae and a former member of the French National Assembly, and Armelle Merceron, who served as the French Polynesian solidarity minister under President Gaston Tong Sang. 
A public wake and funeral were held at the Maria No Te Hau Catholic Church in the Mission neighborhood of Papeete. Several thousand people from throughout Tahiti and Moorea, including many prominent French Polynesian and French government officials, attended his funeral. The crowds were so large that a large television screen had to be set up outside of the church. All Catholic schools in Faa'a, Papeete, Pirae and Punaauia were closed on 18 August 2008, the day of Coppenrath's funeral. 
Coppenrath's brother and successor, Archbishop Hubert Coppenrath, thanked those in attendance saying, ""On behalf of my brother... I would like to thank everyone who sent their sympathy to Archbishop Michel Coppenrath." He also described his brother as "an evangelist, a visionary and a man attentive to the people.""
French Polynesian President Gaston Tong Sang gave the eulogy at Coppenrath's funeral. Tong Sang said of Coppenrath, ""Michel Coppenrath, in the great evangelic tradition of your predecessors, you gave your life to the service of faith, the Catholic Church and its faithful, with full respect of man and other beliefs. Your righteousness and your openness, your broad culture, your natural authority and your love of others were unanimously appreciated in our 'country’, but also among other churches in Oceania."" 
Coppenrath's death earned messages of condolence from across French Polynesia. The Rev. Taaroanui Maraea, current president of the Maohi Protestant Church, praising Coppenrath as full of "compassion and his brotherly love" and saying that he ""hasn't forgotten the ecumenical work he undertook, opening the possibilities of encounter and recognition between the two churches"". 
The recently appointed High Commissioner of the Republic in French Polynesia, Adolphe Colrat called Coppenrath ""a great builder of the (Catholic) Church, particularly concerned with training (French) Polynesian priests. He leaves the lasting memory of a man profoundly good and warm whose great courtesy was only equaled by the firmness of his beliefs."" Tributes were also extended by Oscar Temaru, Bruno Sandras, Gaston Flosse and Jean-Christophe Bouissou. 
Michel-Gaspard Coppenrath was interred at the Priests' Cemetery in Tahiti.

</doc>
<doc id="18990789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990789" title="National Infrastructure Reinvestment Bank">
National Infrastructure Reinvestment Bank

The creation of a National Infrastructure Reinvestment Bank was first proposed by United States Senator Christopher J. Dodd and Senator Chuck Hagel in 2007. However, several other iterations of a National Infrastructure Bank have been proposed and considered and it is likely that implementing legislation for the Bank will look quite different from that which was proposed in the original legislation.
Barack Obama backed the proposed legislation in February 2008 and repeated his call in September 2010, although he did not provide specifics about how the Bank should operate. In 2008, Obama suggested that the Bank would borrow US$60 billion of federal funding to invest in infrastructure over 10 years, while leveraging "up to $500 billion" of private investment. It would invest in high-speed trains to provide an alternative to air travel, energy efficiency, and clean energy, among other kinds of public infrastructure. According to Obama, the Bank's "work will be determined by what will maximize our safety and security and ability to compete" and it would "create nearly two million new jobs", mainly in the construction industry. According to the text of the proposed legislation, funding for the bank would be taken from borrowed funds not to exceed one percent.
The Bank would complement existing federal programs to fund infrastructure, such as the Highway Trust Fund or State Revolving Funds. It is expected to invest primarily in surface transport infrastructure, which is likely to include highways and mass transit. Obama did not mention investments in water supply and sanitation as an area of activity for the new Bank. The American Water Works Association (AWWA) estimates that investment in water supply and sanitation in the United States will have to be "over $250 billion above current levels of spending in the next 20 to 30 years" to replace aging infrastructure. The original version of the bill expired with the 110th Congress; a different version of the bill was introduced into the 112th Congress by U.S. Representative Rosa L. DeLauro (D - Connecticut 3rd District) as H.R. 402.
Summary of the proposed legislation.
The original version of the proposed legislation was introduced in the United States Senate as Senate Bill 1926 (S. 1926). A similar bill has been introduced into the United States House of Representatives. The status of the bill can be tracked on THOMAS.
The original proposed legislation states that the "Bank" is actually "an independent establishment of the Federal Government, as defined in section 104 of Title 5, United States Code." As explained in 5 US Code 104, an independent establishment of the Federal Government is "(1) an establishment in the executive branch (other than the United States Postal Service or the Postal Regulatory Commission) which is not an Executive department, military department, Government corporation, or part thereof, or part of an independent establishment; and (2) the Government Accountability Office."
According to the proposed legislation, the "Bank" would be administratively similar to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). The "Bank" would have the power to conduct hearings, issue subpoenas, obtain information from any other federal agency, accept for funding any infrastructure project with a potential Federal commitment of $75 million or more, authority to determine the appropriate Federal share of spending for each project, to act as a centralized entity to provide financing for qualified infrastructure projects; to issue general purpose infrastructure bonds, and to provide direct subsidies to qualified infrastructure projects from amounts made available from the issuance of such bonds; to issue project-based infrastructure bonds for the financing of specific qualified infrastructure projects; to provide loan guarantees to State or local governments issuing debt to finance qualified infrastructure projects; to issue loans, at varying interest rates, including very low interest rates, to qualified project sponsors for qualified projects; to leverage resources and stimulate public and private investment in infrastructure; and to encourage States to create additional opportunities for the financing of infrastructure projects.
The revised bill "Makes the Bank's Board of Directors responsible for monitoring and overseeing energy, environmental, telecommunications, and transportation infrastructure projects. Authorizes the Board to: (1) issue public benefit bonds and provide direct subsidies to infrastructure projects; (2) borrow on the global capital market and lend to entities and commercial banks for funding infrastructure projects; and (3) purchase, pool, and sell infrastructure-related loans and securities on such market. Requires the Board to establish criteria for determining project eligibility for financial assistance under this Act."

</doc>
<doc id="18990801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990801" title="The Artists Village">
The Artists Village

The Artists Village (TAV) is a contemporary art group in Singapore. Founded by contemporary artist Tang Da Wu, it enabled like-minded contemporary artists to critically re-look and examine existing assumptions, values and concepts of art-making in Singapore. The Village as Singapore's first artist colony, enabled artists explore radical new ways and ideologies in making art that is in synch with the societal changes and state of affairs in the late 1980s.
The Village emerged in 1988 by Tang, a performance and installation artist who had returned to Singapore with his English wife Hazel McIntosh and his then five-year-old son Ben Zai after spending more than 10 years there furthering his art education in Britain. The returning family found home at 61-B Lorong Gambas in Sembawang and provided rent-free by Tang's relative. Since then Tang invited like-minded artist friends to stay and use the 1.6-hecture kampung space, amongst the durian trees and farm animals. Artists like Wong Shi Yaw had converted a chicken coop into his very first studio space. From 1989 on, the locality came alive with avant-garde performances and art exhibitions by artists living in the forested enclave; there were 7 artshows alone in that particular year, with their landmark performance and installation artshow titled "The Happenings" held at the Nanyang Technological Institute. At the height of the Village history, the enclave housed 35 artists living and working in the area, with 50 others participating in other art activities by the Village.
In 1990 They had "The Time Show" 24-hour art event which brought together artists working in all forms of multimedia, in one artshow. Sadly in that year, the land where the Village had been on, was repossessed by the Singapore Government for urban development. They briefly relocated themselves to some rental houses in the Naval Base area, and nomadically in places like the now-defunct Hong Bee Warehouse in Robertson Quay, Middle Road and other parts of Singapore.
The Village was hit with another setback in 1994, as a result of a public performance by artist Josef Ng during The Artists' General Assembly organized by the Village and another arts group 5th Passage Artists, at the Parkway Parade Shopping Centre. The act of snipping pubic hair in public by Josef then, provoked the National Arts Council to freeze all funding on performance art in Singapore; a ruling that was lifted only in 2003 after nearly 10 years. During the period, the Village had only one major project - the "Tour De Art Lah!" held in conjunction with the Singapore Festival of Arts in 1996. Many Village artists had to sought for projects overseas. In the late 1990s, new memberships by Jeremy Hiah and Woon Tien Wei steered the Village towards new controversies in art by engaging in artist collaborations and interdisciplinary exhibitions with artists from other parts of Southeast Asia. In 1999, the show "Post-Ulu" at The Substation featured a 12-hour overnight poetry recitals, live DJ sets and performances, while the "B.E.A.U.T.Y" show in 2002 engaged art collectors by paying the art collectors to acquire the works of art on display at Utterly Art Gallery. In all, the new generation of TAV led by Hiah and Woon held some 13 art events over the 4-year period since joining the Village. They have also tackled performances at new locations; places like Heritage Conservation Centre, and even to Pulau Ubin and Bali to explore new heights in art-making, as a collective group. This is a contrast from the individualistic expressionist approach by the first-generation members.
The Village continued to grow and rejunvenated with new provocative projects and ideas with new members joining the group. At the same time, the older members have branched into new directions with newly created spaces such as Plastique Kinetic Worms, Your MOTHER Gallery and p-10, for themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="18990849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990849" title="Scott Loucks">
Scott Loucks

Scott Gregory Loucks is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played parts of five seasons in the majors between and . In none of those seasons did he accumulate more than 49 at bats or 11 hits. Both of those high-water marks came in for the Houston Astros, when he was used in 44 games, mainly as a pinch hitter, pinch runner and/or defensive replacement.

</doc>
<doc id="18990904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990904" title="Abonnema">
Abonnema

Abonnema (originally known as Nyemoni, which means "covet your own" in the Kalabari dialect of the Ijaw languages group) is a was founded in 1882. It was discovered by an expedition of a host of chiefs from the Kalabari town ("Elem Kalabari"). These include Chief Young Briggs (a Kalabari warrior whose original name is Chief Inikeiroari Iso-owu Briggs) in Nigeria. Other warriors like Chief Ekine Manuel, Chief Otaji, Chief Owukori Manuel, Chief Jack, Chief Young-Jack, Chief Boy Whyte, Chief Black Duke, with many others following behind him with their people, and together they made the town of Abonnema a reality. The town is today one of three major towns in Kalabari, others being Bakana founded in 1880 and Buguma in 1884.
There are four major family compounds that make up the town namely Manuel(Owukori), Briggs (Oruwari), Georgewill (Otagi) and Jack (Iju). These family compounds are headed by head chiefs and the town headed by the head chief of the Manuel family via a system of "Primus inter pares".
Abonnema grew to be a flourishing major Nigerian seaport during the colonial era and was host to many European companies and the Royal Niger company which changed name to UAC.
Today, as a capital of Akuku-Toru Local Government Area of Rivers State in Nigeria, Abonnema has produced many prominent and famous people. Abonnema is home to the writer A. Igoni Barrett and the former Miss World, Agbani Darego who is from the Jack compound. There are major festivals in abonnema which include go to niger, christmas, and easter
References.
Abonnema Foundation .org/

</doc>
<doc id="18990932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990932" title="Joey + Rory">
Joey + Rory

Joey + Rory is an American country and bluegrass duo composed of singer-songwriters Rory Lee Feek and Joey Martin Feek, who are husband and wife. Joey is the duo's lead vocalist, while Rory sings background vocals and plays guitar. The duo was the third-place finalist on CMT's competition "Can You Duet" in 2008. That same year, Joey + Rory signed to Sugar Hill/Vanguard Records, releasing their debut album "The Life of a Song" in late October. This album's lead-off single, "Cheater, Cheater", was a Top 40 hit on the "Billboard" country charts.
History.
Before the duo's foundation, Rory Lee Feek worked as a songwriter in Nashville, Tennessee, and he has continued to work as a songwriter even as a member of Joey + Rory. Songs that he wrote for other artists include Clay Walker's Top Five hit "The Chain of Love", Blake Shelton's Number One hit "Some Beach", and Jimmy Wayne's 2008 single "I Will". Rory also founded the independent label Giantslayer Records in 2004, on which Joey had recorded a solo album entitled "Strong Enough to Cry" in 2005. This album was released in CD format in 2008, as well as a digital download. Rory also recorded a solo album on Giantslayer Records, titled "My Ol' Man", which he also made available only as a download.
Joey + Rory performed on the CMT competition "Can You Duet" in 2008, in which they were the third-place finalists. Shortly after the competition, they were signed to the independent label Sugar Hill Records. They returned to the "Can You Duet" stage to perform "Cheater, Cheater" on "Original Song Night" for the series' second season, which aired on July 25, 2009.
2008–2009: "The Life of a Song".
The duo's debut album, "The Life of a Song", was released on October 28, 2008 on Sugar Hill Records. The album debuted at No. 10 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart, and No. 61 on the all-genre Billboard 200. Its lead-off single, "Cheater, Cheater", was originally recorded by the duo Bomshel. Kristy Osmonson, one-half of that duo, co-wrote the song with the Feeks and Wynn Varble. Bomshel's version was released as a single in early 2008, although it did not chart. Joey + Rory's version was released in September 2008, featuring a music video that has a cameo from Naomi Judd, who had been a judge on "Can You Duet". Joey + Rory's version peaked at No. 30 on the country music charts in early 2009. The duo has also appeared in television commercials for the online retailer Overstock.com. In February 2009, the duo were nominated for the Academy of Country Music Awards Top Vocal Duo. Although a cover of Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Free Bird" was originally to have been released as the second single, it was withdrawn after two weeks, and replaced in March 2009 with "Play the Song", which failed to chart. The album's third single, "To Say Goodbye", was released to radio on July 27, 2009, and also failed to chart.
Joey + Rory released their first holiday single, the Carl Jackson produced "It's Christmas Time," on November 16, 2009 to country radio and November 24, 2009 to digital retailers. It was done in partnership with "CMT One Country", who will donate a portion of proceeds from the single to various charities (including The Second Harvest Food Bank of Middle Tennessee). Additionally, Rory Feek along with Tim Johnson, created the Song Trust; under this an album of holiday songs performed by children, titled "Merry Kidsmas", was released.
2010–2011: "Album Number Two".
Joey + Rory announced on October 15, 2009, that they were in the studio working on the follow-up album to "The Life of a Song". The album, titled "Album Number Two", was announced in January 2010 and released on September 14, 2010. The lead-off single, "This Song's for You", was released to radio in July 2010; originally "That's Important to Me" had been chosen, but the single choice was changed. The music video for "This Song's for You" was directed by Darren Doane and was released in August 2010. "That's Important to Me" was released as the album's second single in October 2010. It debuted at number 58 on the Hot Country Songs chart for the week ending February 12, 2011.
On March 16, 2010, it was announced that the duo were the winners of the 2010 Academy of Country Music Award for Top New Vocal Duo, and would compete alongside Luke Bryan and Gloriana for the Top New Artist award. Joey + Rory performed new songs from their upcoming album, were interviewed, and received their award on the GAC special "ACM Top New Artists" on April 1, 2010.
2011–2012: "A Farmhouse Christmas" and "His and Hers".
On August 29, 2011, Joey + Rory released a new single, titled "Headache," to country radio, though it failed to chart and was not included on an album. Joey + Rory released their first Christmas album, "A Farmhouse Christmas", on October 11, 2011.
Joey + Rory's third studio album, "His and Hers", was released on July 31, 2012. "When I'm Gone" and "Josephine" served as the album's first two singles and were simultaneously released to radio before the album, though neither charted.
2013–present: "Inspired: Songs of Faith & Family" and "Made to Last".
Joey + Rory announced on the red carpet of the ACM Awards that the duo had recorded their first album of gospel music. Joey Martin told "Billboard" that "It's kind of an inspirational album, of old gospel songs that I grew up singing and listening to my mum sing. It’s an album I’ve wanted to do for a long time." The album, "Inspired: Songs of Faith & Family", was released on July 16, 2013 via Gaither Music Group. It debuted at number 166 on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 3,000, while also peaking at number 31 on the Top Country Albums chart and at number 6 on the Top Christian Albums chart.
After the release of their Gospel album, Joey + Rory announced that they would be releasing their fifth studio album, "Made to Last", in late 2013 via their own Farmhouse Recordings record label. "Made to Last" was released on October 8, 2013 and debuted at No. 44 on the Top Country Albums chart.
"Can You Duet" performances.
Semi-Finals (Season 2)
Finals (Season 1)
Semifinals (Season 1)
Pre-Semifinals (Season 1)

</doc>
<doc id="18990945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990945" title="Antsy Pants (album)">
Antsy Pants (album)

Antsy Pants is the debut album by the anti-folk band Antsy Pants, an American band featuring Leo Bear Creek on vocals & ukulele and Kimya Dawson on lead vocals. 
Track listing.
Two of the songs, "Vampire" and "Tree Hugger", both appeared in the film "Juno", and subsequently on the soundtrack. A shorter, instrumental version of "Sleep" was also featured, credited to Dawson.
The song "The Mission" was also featured in the second half of the gag reel for "Juno" as background music.

</doc>
<doc id="18990947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990947" title="Orchard Hill, Omaha">
Orchard Hill, Omaha

The Orchard Hill is a neighborhood in North Omaha, Nebraska. One of the oldest neighborhoods in the city, Orchard Hill is home to some of the city's oldest homes. The neighborhood's boundaries are Hamilton Street on the south, Blondo Street on the north, 36th Street on the east and the Omaha Belt Line on the west. The John A. Creighton Boulevard runs through the eastern part of the neighborhood.
History.
The site of an apple orchard from earliest settlement of the city of Omaha, today the Orchard Hill Neighborhood contains two historic homes that are almost 120 years old. The oldest was built in 1889, and the second oldest was built two years later, in 1891. Jesse Lowe, a local businessman credited with naming the city of Omaha and the first mayor of Omaha, established the neighborhood. The neighborhood was the location of a Methodist mission called Wesley Church that was founded in 1890. Omaha's Habitat for Humanity has built several new homes in the neighborhood since the 1980s. 
Orchard Hill is located next to the Walnut Hill neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="18990998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18990998" title="On the Conditions and Possibilities of Helen Clark Taking Me as Her Young Lover">
On the Conditions and Possibilities of Helen Clark Taking Me as Her Young Lover

On the Conditions and Possibilities of Helen Clark Taking Me as Her Young Lover is a satirical book, published in 2005 with a new edition released in 2008, by the pseudonymous author Richard Meros, and an adapted play of the same name written by Arthur Meek and Geoff Pinfield.
Book.
The book centres on the author's belief that Helen Clark, then Prime Minister of New Zealand, would find personal and political rejuvenation if she was to take on a younger lover, and that the ideal person to be that lover is Meros. The author contends that Helen Clark is a woman of intellectual pursuits and that: 
"her surroundings of subordinates ... probably leaves her with unfulfilled desires for a situation where roles are reversed and she can become the double-double agent of gender deconstructions." 
It was described in "The Guardian" as a treatise of "sociology, psychoanalysis and cringe-making erotica" and covers such subjects as Rogernomics and a bus strike. The book also examines what the sex acts would entail, with detailed descriptions of flesh and bodily fluids.
The book was conceived while the author was in Minneapolis, and completed while he was writing a Masters thesis at Victoria University of Wellington. The first edition had a print-run of only 50 copies, but further editions were subsequently released. As of January 2008 the author claimed that only 16 copies had been sold, but in August of that year, after the success of the play, stated that over 400 had been sold.
Stage adaptation.
The book was adapted for stage by actor Arthur Meek and director Geoff Pinfield, and premiered at Wellington's BATS Theatre in early 2008. In the play Meek portrays Meros giving a Powerpoint presentation lecture tour, narrating why Helen Clark needs a young lover, bringing the issue to the Prime Minister's attention, and impressing her intellect:
"She is a very rational woman. It would take more than chocolates or flowers to woo her. The show is designed to appeal to that rationality"
He critiques individualist liberalism and imagines being taken by Clark to a secret "pleasure dome" and bolsters his argument with Kantian theory. The play was well received critically and described as "slightly disturbing, but highly entertaining... sharp political satire". The play is said to have been seen by staffers of Helen Clark, and recommended by her husband Peter Davis. After a successful first season the play toured New Zealand, and returned to Wellington's Downstage Theatre for a second season.

</doc>
<doc id="18991028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991028" title="Jeff Grau">
Jeff Grau

Jeffrey Alan Grau (born December 16, 1979) is a former American football tight end and long snapper in the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted in the seventh round of the 2002 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins after playing college football for UCLA. He played two seasons in the NFL, one with the Dallas Cowboys and another with the Miami Dolphins.

</doc>
<doc id="18991065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991065" title="Thomas Bach">
Thomas Bach

Thomas Bach (born on 29 December 1953) is a German former fencer and is the ninth and current President of the International Olympic Committee and member of the DOSB executive board. 
Fencing career.
Bach competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal and won a gold medal in the team foil event, representing West Germany. A year later he was crowned world champion at the World Championship in Buenos Aires.
DOSB presidency.
Thomas Bach served as the President of the Deutscher Olympischer Sportbund (DOSB) prior to becoming the IOC President. He resigned as the head of DOSB on September 16, 2013, having served as President since 2006, was replaced by Alfons Hörmann, and remained a member of the DOSB executive board. In addition he also resigned as the head of Ghorfa Arab-German Chamber of Commerce and Industry. Bach will however continue to serve as the head of Michael Weinig AG Company.
Bach headed Munich's bid for the 2018 Winter Olympics. In the host city election, Munich secured 25 votes as Pyeongchang was elected as host city with 63 votes.
IOC presidency.
On 9 May 2013, Bach confirmed that he would run for President of the International Olympic Committee. 
Bach was elected to an eight-year term as IOC President at the 125th IOC Session in Buenos Aires on 10 September 2013. He secured 49 votes in the final round of voting, giving him the majority needed to be elected. He succeeds Jacques Rogge who served as IOC President from 2001 to 2013. Bach will be eligible to run for one additional four-year term at the 133rd IOC Session in 2021.
Bach's successful election came against five other candidates, Sergey Bubka, Richard Carrión, Ser Miang Ng, Denis Oswald and Ching-Kuo Wu. The result of the election was as follows:
Following his election as IOC President, Bach stated that he wished to change the Olympic bidding process and make sustainable development a priority. He stated that he feels that the current bidding process asks "too much, too early". The first bidding process he will preside over as President will be the bidding process for the 2022 Winter Olympics. Bids are due in November 2013 and the host city will be elected at the 127th IOC Session in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia in July 2015.
Thomas Bach officially moved into the IOC Presidential office at the IOC headquarters in Lausanne on September 17, 2013, a week after being elected President. He speaks fluent French, English, Spanish and German.

</doc>
<doc id="18991111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991111" title="Space Legion">
Space Legion

"For the space opera science fiction series by Jack Williamson see: Legion of Space Series"
The Space Legion is a fictional military force which is part of the Interplanetary Alliance, a federation government of numerous planets in a series of books by Robert Asprin, called Phule's Company. 
The Space Legion is conceptually based on the French Foreign Legion and seemed to be organized on a company basis which are then scattered throughout the Alliance on security duties.
The overall commander of the Space Legion is General Blitzkrieg.
The Space Legion is perpetually cash strapped and is a tightfisted organization.
The Alliance's military includes not only the Space Legion, but also the Regular Army and Starfleet. The Space Legion is considered the lowest on the totem pole, and is the laughingstock of the armed forces. Like the French Foreign Legion, Space Legion mandates all persons using a pseudonym chosen upon enlistment, however, commissions are purchased. It is a violation of Legion rules to release "another" Legion member's real name, but not to reveal one's own.
Uniforms and Equipment.
The Space Legion issues and wears black uniforms, usually coveralls, with the daily service dress being black overalls. Black was selected more to disguise the origin of its uniforms than as a practical color. Officers may purchase tailored overalls.

</doc>
<doc id="18991113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991113" title="Gerhard Heiberg">
Gerhard Heiberg

Jens Gerhard Heiberg (born 20 April 1939 in Oslo) is a Norwegian industrialist who was head of the Lillehammer Olympic Organising Committee (LOOC) and member of the International Olympic Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="18991121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991121" title="Cipriano Cassamá">
Cipriano Cassamá

Cipriano Cassamá is a politician in Guinea-Bissau and a member of the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde (PAIGC). He was Minister of the Interior from August 2008 to January 2009.
Life and career.
Cassamá was President Nino Vieira's spokesman at the time of the 1998–1999 civil war. After Prime Minister Francisco Fadul compared Vieira to Antonio de Oliveira Salazar during a visit to Portugal on April 19, 1999, Cassamá criticized Fadul for the use of "purposely offensive, aggressive language". Following the civil war, in which Vieira was ousted, Cassamá was arrested along with Conduto de Pina in early February 2000 for allegedly inciting war and supporting foreign occupation. He was later charged with embezzlement along with a number of others who had served under Vieira, but was acquitted by the Regional Court in Bissau in early June 2003. He subsequently served as President of the PAIGC Parliamentary Group. Although PAIGC repudiated Vieira, Cassamá was among those who welcomed Vieira back to Bissau when he returned from exile on April 7, 2005.
On March 17, 2008, Cassamá presented his candidacy to stand for the post of President of PAIGC at the next party congress, saying that he could renew and reunite the party. He was considered a dissident within the party. At PAIGC's Seventh Ordinary Congress, which was held in Gabu, Carlos Gomes Júnior was re-elected as PAIGC President on July 1–2, 2008; Cassamá was a candidate, but received only 61 votes, placing fourth.
Cassamá was appointed as Minister of the Interior on August 9, 2008, in the government of Prime Minister Carlos Correia. His appointment as Interior Minister was considered particularly important because of the ministry's responsibility for handling the November 2008 parliamentary election. In that election, PAIGC won a majority of 67 out of 100 seats in the National People's Assembly, and Cassamá was elected to a seat as a PAIGC candidate in the 10th constituency, Safim e Prabis.
Following an alleged attack by "elements of the presidential guard" against the Armed Forces Chief of Staff, General Batista Tagme Na Wai, on January 4, 2009, Tagme Na Wai accused Cassamá of ordering the attack. A presidential guard spokesman said that a rifle had accidentally gone off and that no assassination attempt had occurred. Cassamá was not included in the PAIGC government that was appointed on January 7, 2009; Lúcio Soares was appointed to replace him as Interior Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="18991126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991126" title="She Keeps the Home Fires Burning">
She Keeps the Home Fires Burning

"She Keeps the Home Fires Burning" is a song written by Mike Reid, Don Pfrimmer and Dennis Morgan, and recorded by American country music singer Ronnie Milsap. It was released in 1985 as the first single from his "Greatest Hits, Vol. 2". album.
His 41st single to be released, and his 26th No. 1 hit on the country charts, the song is highly regarded as one of Milsap's most popular songs. The song is also featured on numerous compilation albums; including "40 #1 Hits" and "The Essential Ronnie Milsap".

</doc>
<doc id="18991145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991145" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1896–1898">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, 1896–1898

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 27 July 1896 to 9 May 1898. The chamber had 21 seats made up of seven provinces each electing three members, on a system of rotation whereby one-third of the members would retire at each biennial election. The "Constitution Act Amendment Act 1896", which passed after the 1896 Council election, created a new seat of North-East Province, which had its inaugural election on 29 June 1897 with terms expiring in 1904, 1902 and 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="18991157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991157" title="1972–73 California Golden Seals season">
1972–73 California Golden Seals season

The 1972–73 California Golden Seals season was the California Golden Seals' sixth season in the NHL. The Seals were hit particularly hard by defections to the new World Hockey Association, dropping 12 points from the previous year and returning to the basement of the West Division. The Seals had the worst record in the National Hockey League with a 13-55-10 record.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Seals. Stats reflect time with the Seals only. ‡Traded mid-season
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; TOI = Time on ice (minutes); W= Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average"
Transactions.
The Seals were involved in the following transactions during the 1972–73 season:
Playoffs.
The Seals did not qualify for the playoffs

</doc>
<doc id="18991164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991164" title="Battle of Nanking (1856)">
Battle of Nanking (1856)

The Battle of Nanking (一破江南大營) ( or the Jiangnan Da Ying; (first: 1853 - 1856 and second: 1857 - 1860). The Qing government raised the Green Standard Army to fight against the Taiping Rebellion. The Qing forces surrounded Nanjing (Taiping Rebellion capital).
First rout of the Jiangnan Army Group.
1853--1856
After the Taiping Rebellion militia successfully occupied Nanjing, within 10 days, Xiang Rong commanded 10,000 Green Standard Army and stationed themselves outside the Nanjing wall.
The remnant Qing forces defending Nanjing were stationed in Ming Xiaoling Mausoleum.
The Green Standard Army was led by First Class Senior General Xiang Rong(向榮), Second Class Senior General Her Chyun and Lieutenant General：Zhang GuoLiang. The leaders of the Taiping forces were Shi Dakai, Yang Xiuqing, Qin Rigang(秦日綱) and Li Xiucheng.
The regular Army numbered 80,000 and the Taiping Rebellion militia force had 460,000 militia.
Outcome.
On June 1, 1856, the Nanjing army tried to stop Taiping forces but the Governor of Jiangsu Jeer Hungar(吉爾杭阿), Mayor of Nanjing and their entire army of 7,800 were totally wiped out. 
The Qing army lost another battle later in the month and the remaining 36,000 retreated north. On August 9 Xiang Rong committed suicide by hanging himself, although others claimed he had a fatal overdose of Opium due to the pain of his battle wounds in Danyang.

</doc>
<doc id="18991173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991173" title="Herzog Blaubarts Burg">
Herzog Blaubarts Burg

Herzog Blaubarts Burg ("Duke Bluebeard's Castle") (1963) is a film of the opera "Bluebeard's Castle" by the Hungarian composer Béla Bartók, written in 1911 to a symbolist libretto by the poet and later film theorist Béla Balázs. The film was made for West German television, Süddeutscher Rundfunk, and was produced by Norman Foster, who also performs the lead role. The designer was Hein Heckroth who brought in his old friend Michael Powell, for whom he had designed a number of films, to direct it. The film, which was shot at Dürer Film Ateliers in Salzburg, Austria, was out of circulation for decades because of legal problems.
Balázs' retelling is a modified version of the story of Bluebeard, the wife-killer of legend. In the opera, Bluebeard reluctantly and gradually uncovers the secrets of his psyche to his fourth wife, opening the seven doors in his castle to ultimately reveal the still living previous wives, among whom the horrified Judit must take her place. The only performers are Norman Foster as Bluebeard and Ana Raquel Satre as Judit, his fourth wife, accompanied by the Zagreb Symphony Orchestra conducted by Milan Horvath. It is sung in German although prints exist with English subtitles. A recent print was made which included Powell's notes on the production, displayed as subtitles.
Bartók's opera, which did not receive its first mounting until 1918, was widely regarded as "unperformable" due to its lack of stage action. Powell and Heckroth turn this quality to their advantage by creating an intense, expressionist psychodrama, where lighting and abstract décor convey the gradual revelation of Bluebeard's inner torment to his last wife. The vivid colours and semi-abstract, neo-primitive décor designed by Heckroth and his team give the film a suitably oppressive feel. 
After the trauma of "Peeping Tom"'s reception, Powell succeeded with a musical project that is the equal of anything in his career. "Herzog Blaubarts Burg" stands as a final proof of The Archers' and Powell's claim that the essential unity of art can best be realized in cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="18991197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991197" title="Scipione Barbò Soncino">
Scipione Barbò Soncino

Scipione Barbò Soncino, or Scipione Barbuo, was a 16th-century Italian jurist and writer, active in Padua. His best-known work was a set of biographies of the Dukes of Milan, "Sommario delle vite de' duchi di Milano" (Venice, 8vo, 1574; fol. 1584), which was illustrated with engravings by Girolamo Porro.

</doc>
<doc id="18991207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991207" title="Mario Monds">
Mario Monds

Mario A. Monds (born November 10, 1976 in Fort Pierce, Florida) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the Cincinnati Bengals and Miami Dolphins. He played college football at the University of Cincinnati and was drafted in the sixth round of the 2001 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="18991234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991234" title="2008 PBA draft">
2008 PBA draft

The 2008 Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) rookie draft was an event at which teams drafted players from the amateur ranks. The event was held at Market! Market! in Taguig City on August 31, 2008. The Rain or Shine Elasto Painters (formerly known as the Welcoat Dragons) selected Gabe Norwood of the George Mason University as the number one draft pick. Players applied for the draft had undergone a two-day rookie camp.

</doc>
<doc id="18991236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991236" title="Catharine Pendrel">
Catharine Pendrel

Catharine Pendrel (born September 30, 1980) is a Canadian cross-country mountain biker from Fredericton, New Brunswick. She has been a member of the Canadian National team since 2003. Pendrel is the current world champion in cross-country mountain biking and was the 2007 Pan American Games champion. In addition, she is also the 2010 World Cup Champion and current leader of the 2012 UCI World Cup Series as of the 2012 Olympics.
Career.
Pendrel was a competitive horse rider in dressage prior to selecting mountain biking as her primary sport. Her brother Geoff Pendrel is an elite downhill mountain bike racer. He introduced her to the sport as a child through the trails he built on their horse farm. Pendrel's first race was on a bike borrowed to her by her brother. She noted that she got into mountain biking because she "sucked at all the school sports." She recounts that her first rides on her bike were often quite nervous ones ruled by fear, especially on descents where she would walk her bike down, she said that "what I remember from starting is falling and crashing a lot."
She then headed from the East Coast to the West Coast where she began riding at the University of Victoria. There she had to convince future coach Dan Proulx into taking her on, as he was quoted "Catharine and I often joke because, no, I didn’t see (world champion potential) in her at first. It took a lot of persistence and hard work over time. She had to bug me a bit to get me to coach her at first and luckily it all worked out. It just goes to show you, you can work hard and make something happen."
Her first international competition was at the 2004 World Championships in Les Gets, France where she finished 46th. Prior to competing at the 2008 Summer Olympics, Pendrel competed at the 2007 Pan Am Games where she won gold. She finished 4th at the 2008 Beijing Olympics in the cross-country event just 9 seconds out of a medal position. Pendrel was not as notable a rider at the time as was her hero, teammate, and gold medal favourite Marie-Hélène Prémont who did not finish after a lingering and unknown illness caused her to retire from the race.
This near Olympic success helped launch Pendrel's most successful period. She won the 2010 UCI World Cup Series before winning the 2011 World Championships. These achievements put her as one of Canada's top medal favourites for the 2012 Summer Olympics. In advance of the London games, she had won an online fan poll to be selected as Canada's flag bearer, though the Canadian Olympic Committee eventually selected Simon Whitfield as the flag bearer. In response she tweeted "Thank you Canada & cycling fans for voting me as people's choice for flag bearer. You honor and inspire me!" She was also put into a favoured position to win at the London Olympics by winning the test event prior to the games. At the Olympics Pendrel finished back in 9th place, disappointing the high expectations of her. After the race a tearful Pendrel said that "I felt so strong yesterday and today just didn't happen. You know I'm sorry because I know everyone in B.C. got up at 4:30 [a.m.] to watch me. It's just what I had in the day and unfortunately this only comes every four years. Maybe in Rio."
Personal.
She was born in Fredericton, New Brunswick, and grew up outside the small community of Harvey Station, New Brunswick. Listed as her personal heroes are Gunn-Rita Dahle and Marie-Hélène Prémont.

</doc>
<doc id="18991261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991261" title="Corto">
Corto

Corto may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18991286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991286" title="2012 in sports">
2012 in sports

2012 in sports lists and describes the year's events and results in sports across the world. 2012 was an Olympic year, and the 2012 Summer Olympics were held in London, United Kingdom. 
Aquatics.
Results:
5–10 August
Kenneth To from won the men's race, while Katinka Hosszú from won the women's race
Kickboxing.
The following is a list of major noteworthy kickboxing events during 2012 in chronological order.
Mixed martial arts.
The following is a list of major noteworthy MMA events by month.
January
1/27 — MFC 32 - Bitter Rivals
1/28 — 
February
2/11 — 
2/25 — KSW 18: Unfinished Sympathy
March
3/16 — M-1 Challenge 31 - Monson vs. Oleinik
3/24 — M-1 Belarus 16 - Belarus Fighting Championship
3/31 — 
April
4/21 — UFC 145: Jones vs. Evans
May
5/4 — MFC 33 - Collision Course
5/12 — KSW 19: Pudzianowski vs. Sapp
June
6/21 — M-1 Global - Fedor vs. Rizzo
6/23 — 
July
August
8/10 — MFC 34 - Total Recall
8/31 — 
September
9/1 — UFC 151: Jones vs. Henderson
9/15 — KSW 20: Fighting Symphonies
9/30 — M-1 Challenge 34 - Emelianenko vs. Gluhov
October
10/6 — 
10/26 — MFC 35 - Explosive Encounter
November
December
12/1 — KSW 21: Ultimate Explanation
12/29 – UFC 155: Dos Santos vs. Velasquez 2

</doc>
<doc id="18991291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991291" title="George Hammond Whalley">
George Hammond Whalley

George Hammond Whalley (22 January 1813 – 8 October 1878) was a British lawyer and Liberal Party politician.
He was the eldest son of James Whalley, a merchant and banker from Gloucester, and a direct descendant of Edward Whalley, the regicide. George was educated at University College London, gaining a first class degree in Metaphysics and Rhetoric, and entered Gray's Inn in 1835, being called to the bar in 1839. He was an assistant tithe commissioner between 1836 and 1847, writing over 200 articles for the "Justice of the Peace" between 1838 and 1842. In 1838 and 1839 he published a pair of treatises on the Tithe Acts, which were expanded, bound and published in 1848 as "The Tithe Act and the Whole of the Tithe Amendment Acts".
In 1846 he married Anne Wakeford, with whom he had a son and two daughters. During the Irish Potato Famine in 1847 he established several fisheries on the Irish west coast. In 1852 he was made High Sheriff of Caernarvonshire,
a Deputy Lieutenant of Denbighshire,
and a captain in the Denbighshire Yeomanry.
He was chairman of the Llanidloes & Newtown Railway, the first in Montgomeryshire, from its inception in 1852 and was the first chairman of the Mid Wales Railway in 1859. He was also active in the Railway Benevolent Institution and the National Temperance League 
Parliamentary career.
He unsuccessfully stood for Parliament at the 1852 general election in Montgomery, and was returned to Parliament on his second attempt at a by-election in December 1852
for the City of Peterborough.
There were reports of irregularities in the election, which had been heavily influenced by Earl Fitzwilliam, and his election was voided on 8 June 1853. A second by-election was held on 25 June 1853, when Whalley was re-elected.
Another election petition was lodged, and a Committee of the House of Commons was established in July 1853 to investigate the case. The committee determined that he had not been legitimately elected, and reinstated his opponent, Thomas Hankey. He was once again elected, however, in the 1859 general election.
An Anglican, Whalley was persuaded to lead the parliamentary campaign against Roman Catholicism, taking over from the ailing Richard Spooner. His principal aim was to abolish the Maynooth Grant, claiming that Britain was paying for the creation of priests whose goal was to turn Britain into a "citadel of Popery". His three motions for the creation of a committee to consider repeal of the grant were all defeated in 1861, 1862, and 1863, and he experienced difficulty in getting his anti-Catholic speeches heard due to opposition from the numerous Irish MPs.
In 1866 he claimed to have evidence that Vatican machinations had caused the defeat of British troops in New Zealand, that Cardinal Cullen, the Irish primate, intended to place a Stuart pretender on the throne of England, and that the Pope had taken control of the British artillery corps, the police, the telegraph office, and railway companies. He was also a zealous supporter of Arthur Orton, the notorious Tichborne Claimant, and was eventually jailed by Lord Chief Justice Cockburn, who tried the case, for contempt of court.
He died insolvent in 1878, still in office; his son, George Hampden Whalley, later became another MP for Peterborough between 1880 and 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="18991338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991338" title="Greater Omaha Chamber of Commerce">
Greater Omaha Chamber of Commerce

The Greater Omaha Chamber of Commerce is the chamber of commerce in Omaha, Nebraska. When United States Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke spoke to the Chamber in 2007, his comments were noted for his continued endorsement of globalization.
In January 2014, the chamber made headlines for organizing a charity effort tied to Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning. According to an article by "TIME", the chamber partnered with several Nebraska-based businesses that agreed to collectively donate $800 every time Manning said "Omaha" during the AFC Championship football game on January 19, 2014, against the New England Patriots. Manning is known for yelling the city's name at the line of scrimmage prior to plays. According to the article, the money raised—$24,800, since the quarterback said Omaha 31 times—will go to Manning’s charity, the Peyback Foundation. 

</doc>
<doc id="18991393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991393" title="Jeff Hall (American football)">
Jeff Hall (American football)

Paul Jeffery Hall (born July 30, 1976) is a former American football placekicker in the National Football League for the St. Louis Rams. He played college football at the University of Tennessee, and was drafted in the sixth round of the 1999 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins. After leaving the NFL, he became a NFLPA-registered financial advisor for Rather & Kittrell Capital Management in Knoxville, Tennessee.
Hall still holds the Tennessee high school record for the longest field goal at 62 yards, which he kicked for Franklin County High School on November 19, 1991 in a playoff game against Oak Ridge High School. Hall equaled that feat with a 62-yard field goal against Brentwood Academy on October 16, 1992.
Hall married Stacey Sherwood on April 10, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18991396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991396" title="Carl B. Feldbaum">
Carl B. Feldbaum

Carl B. Feldbaum (born circa 1944) is an American businessman and lawyer. He was the president of the Biotechnology Industry Organization from 1993 until he retired in 2004. In 2005, he was appointed to the board of directors of Connetics Corporation.
In 1973, fresh out of law school, Feldbaum joined the United States Justice Department task forced charged with investigating the Watergate scandal.

</doc>
<doc id="18991415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991415" title="Abraj Al Lulu">
Abraj Al Lulu

The Abraj Al Lulu is a large residential project located in Manama, the capital city of Bahrain. The entire project consists of three large towers, two of which have 50 floors and one with 40. The three towers ("Gold Pearl", "Silver Pearl" and the "Black Pearl") are located next to the King Faisal Highway, which is close to popular landmarks such as the Pearl Roundabout, NBB Tower, Bahrain WTC and the Bahrain Financial Harbor. The entire project covers a land area of over .
Design.
Abraj Al Lulu was constructed by the "Al Hamad Contracting Company", following the architectural designs plotted out by the following three architects:
The complex, completed in March 2009, can accommodate over 1,100 cars in its four-storey parking lot, and consists of over 860 luxury 1-to-3 bedroom apartments. The skyscrapers of "Abraj Al Lulu" is one of the many tall buildings of the Manama skyline.

</doc>
<doc id="18991437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991437" title="2008 Heartland Championship">
2008 Heartland Championship

The 2008 Heartland Championship was a provincial rugby union competition involving 12 teams from New Zealand split into two pools. Matches started on Saturday 23 August 2008 and ended with the final on 25 October.[http://www.allblacks.com/index.cfm?layout=heartlandFixtures]
The 2008 season was to be the last in its current format. On 11 August 2008 the New Zealand Rugby Union announced that Tasman and Northland would be the two teams relegated from the Air New Zealand Cup after the completion of the 2008 season. Both teams failed to meet criteria which included financial stability, population, player training and development, playing history, and administration. This might have meant that the Tasman union would have been split into its constituent Nelson Bays and Marlborough unions, and that the Heartland Championship would have needed to accommodate three further teams. On 26 September 2008 the New Zealand Rugby Union rescinded this decision.
Wanganui won the Meads Cup and Poverty Bay won the Lochore Cup. Each team has reached the respective cup final in all three years of the Heartland Championship. Poverty Bay has won each Lochore Cup, while 2008 was Wanganui's first Meads Cup championship.
Standings.
The 12 teams were split into two pools, with the top 3 from each pool after 5 rounds advancing to the Meads Cup round, whilst the bottom 3 from each pool played for the Lochore Cup.
Table notes.
'"NB:
Fixtures and results.
Round 3.
This was the first time Buller had beaten Wairarapa Bush at Masterton in the history of the two unions' meetings.
Round 5.
Buller wins the 2008 Rundle Cup

</doc>
<doc id="18991447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991447" title="Gallowhill">
Gallowhill

Gallowhill is a housing estate in the north east of Paisley, a town in Renfrewshire, Scotland. Its approximate boundaries are formed by the M8 motorway to the north, the A741 Renfrew Rd to the west, to the south the Inverclyde railway line with Arkleston Farm making up the estate's eastern border. The most common types of housing are cottage flats and two storey tenements, although there are some three storey units and terraced housing in addition to three tower blocks (Gallowhill Court, Glencairn Court and Arkleston Court). Certain parts of the area have a high crime rate.
Education.
There are two primary schools in the area: St Catherine's Primary School and Gallowhill Primary School.
The estate falls within the catchment areas of four secondary schools: Castlehead High, Paisley Grammar School, St Andrew's Academy in Paisley and Trinity High School in Renfrew.
History.
Before the current housing estate was built, there was a large neo-Gothic mansion called Gallowhill House on the land where Priory Avenue stands today.
The first phase of modern building around Netherhill Rd and Gallowhill Rd was completed in the 1930s. The second phase around Dundonald Rd, Glencairn Rd and Montgomery Rd was constructed in the late 1940s and early 1950s, the third phase of tower blocks in the mid-1960s with the fourth and final phase around Knock Rd and Kilwynet Way being completed in the early 1970s. The second phase has seen a depletion of its housing stock with the demolition of the tenement blocks in Dundonald Rd. Otherwise the housing stock remains much as it was at the time of construction.
Famous people.
Notable former residents of Gallowhill include the actor Gerard Butler, the music manager John Reid, footballer James Grady and musician Jim Dewar.

</doc>
<doc id="18991496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991496" title="Victor Oehrn">
Victor Oehrn

Victor Oehrn (21 October 1907—26 December 1997) was a "Fregattenkapitän" with the "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. He commanded the U-boats and , sinking twenty-four ships on four patrols, for a total of 104,846 tons of Allied shipping, to stand 28th on the list of highest scoring U-Boat aces of World War II.
Career.
Oehrn joined the "Reichsmarine" in 1927, serving aboard the light cruisers and , before being one of the first officers to transfer to the newly formed U-boat arm in July 1935. He was appointed to command of in January 1936, and patrolled in Spanish waters during the Civil War in July–September 1936. In August 1939 he joined the staff of BdU as an "Admiralstabsoffizier".
In May 1940 Oehrn took command of , in order to restore trust in the G7e/T2 torpedo, which had performed abysmally, often detonating prematurely or not at all. In four patrols he sank 23 merchant ships for a total of 103,821 GRT, damaged another of 9,494 GRT, and sank the British sloop , before returning to the staff in August.
From November 1941 Oehrn served on the Mediterranean U-boat staff, but during a mission to North Africa in July 1942, he was severely wounded and captured. After recovering at a British Military Hospital in Alexandria, Oehrn was sent to POW Camp 306 on the Suez Canal. He returned to Germany in October 1943 after being released in a prisoner exchange. Oehrn spent the remainder of the war serving on the staff in a number of posts.
Summary of career.
Ships attacked.
As a U-boat commander of Victor is credited with the sinking of 23 ships for a total of , further damaging a ship of and sinking one warship, the HMS "Penzance", of .

</doc>
<doc id="18991501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991501" title="List of tallest structures in Bahrain">
List of tallest structures in Bahrain

__NOTOC__
The following tables list all the tallest buildings and structures in Bahrain. Most of these buildings and structures are located in the capital of Manama. Buildings with fewer than 20 floors, and structures shorter than , are not included.

</doc>
<doc id="18991521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991521" title="Christian Fabrice Okoua">
Christian Fabrice Okoua

Christian Fabrice Okoua (born 18 November 1991) is an Ivorian football goalkeeper playing for Africa Sports.
International career.
Okoua represented his country at the 2008 Olympic Games. He was the youngest player at the games. Okoua played by Toulon Tournament 2008 for Côte d'Ivoire Under-23 and was member of the African Nations Championship 2009 in Ivory Coast, he was member of the 2007 UEFA-CAF Meridian Cup.
Personal life.
Okoua is nicknamed Toldo.

</doc>
<doc id="18991528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991528" title="Ron Schueler">
Ron Schueler

Ronald Richard Schueler (born April 18, 1948, in Catharine, Kansas) is a former Major League pitcher, pitching coach, general manager and scout. Schueler graduated from Hays High School where he played baseball and basketball, then went on to attend Fort Hays State University before being drafted in 1966. From 1991-2000, Schueler's White Sox went 817-729 in the regular season, and with a 2-7 total record in two postseason appearances.
Minor leagues.
Schueler was selected in the twelfth round of the 1966 Major League Baseball Draft by the Pittsburgh Pirates, but never signed a contract to play with the team. The following season, he was selected by the Atlanta Braves in the third round of the 1967 draft (secondary phase) and signed a contract shortly thereafter. On September 7, , only twenty-two years old, Schueler tossed a no-hitter for Double-A Shreveport.
Major leagues.
Schueler was called up at the start of the season, twenty-three years old. On April 16, 1972, two days before his twenty-fourth birthday, Schueler made his major league debut as a reliever in a game against the San Diego Padres at San Diego Stadium. He pitched two innings and only gave up one hit in that game, but despite his efforts, the Braves lost. Schueler went on to start thirty-eight games over two years with the Braves.
After the season ended, Schueler was dealt to the Philadelphia Phillies for infielder Craig Robinson and pitcher Barry Lersch. After a mediocre season as a starter, the Phillies converted Schueler to a relief pitcher. He pitched two more seasons in Philadelphia as a reliever and spot starter.
Just days before the season began, the Minnesota Twins purchased Schueler from the Phillies. With the Twins, he pitched as a reliever and spot starter, as he did in Philadelphia. Schueler's stay with the Twins lasted only one season, as he became a free agent after the season.
A month after becoming a free agent, Schueler was signed by the Chicago White Sox to be a reliever and spot starter. He played the season and the first half of the season with the White Sox, but retired mid-season to become the team's pitching coach upon the death of veteran instructor Fred Martin.
Pitching coach.
Schueler ended his active career to become pitching coach of the White Sox in the middle of the 1979 season, after the illness and death of Fred Martin. He remained with the ChiSox through the season. In , Schueler was hired by the Oakland Athletics to be their pitching coach. Schueler worked for three seasons in Oakland. Schueler joined the Pittsburgh Pirates in after a year out of the majors.
Front office.
He only stayed with the Pirates for a year before returning to Oakland, this time in the front office as a special assistant to general manager Sandy Alderson. Schueler worked in the Athletics' front office for four seasons, including the season in which the Athletics won the World Series.
In , Schueler returned to the White Sox as their general manager. As the general manager, Schueler was responsible for acquiring veterans such as Ellis Burks, Tim Raines, Bo Jackson, Julio Franco, and José Valentín. He was their general manager for ten years, stepping down on October 24, 2000 to become senior vice president of the franchise, a scout, a special consultant to chairman Jerry Reinsdorf, and an adviser to general manager Ken Williams. He worked in this new position through the season.
Before the season, he was hired by the Chicago Cubs as a special assistant to the president and general manager. Two years later, the St. Louis Cardinals hired Schueler to be the special assistant to the general manager. He was part of the 2006 Cardinals organization that won the World Series. In , the San Francisco Giants hired Schueler to be a scout and evaluate major and minor league players and acquisitions. In November 2009, The Washington Nationals hired Schueler as special adviser to GM Mike Rizzo.
Personal life.
Schueler has a wife, Linda, and two children, Jennifer and Christina. They live in Paradise Valley, Arizona.
Schueler has two children Kacey and Carey from a previous marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="18991533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991533" title="Norma Davis">
Norma Davis

Norma Lochlenah Davis (10 April 1905 – 5 November 1945) was an Australian poet.
Biography.
Born in Glenore, Tasmania, Davis began publishing poetry in the "Women's Mirror" under an array of pseudonyms. She later moved to the village of Perth, Tasmania, and lived in a house that is now the Jolly Farmer Inn. Davis contributed poetry to Australian literary magazines such as "Meanjin", "The Bulletin", "Poetry" and "Jindyworobak". It was only in the early 1940s, shortly before her death, that Davis concentrated fully on writing. She published two collections, "Earth Cry" (1943) and "I, the Thief" (1944). Davis died of cancer in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="18991535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991535" title="Dolores Olmedo">
Dolores Olmedo

María de los Dolores Olmedo y Patiño Suarez (December 14, 1908 – July 26, 2002; Mexico City) was a Mexican businesswoman, philanthropist and musician, better known for her friendship with Mexican painters Frida Kahlo and her husband Diego Rivera; she appeared on some of his paintings. Following Rivera's death in 1957, she and Rivera's daughter Guadalupe asked then president Adolfo López Mateos to consider Rivera and José Clemente Orozco's paintings historical monuments.
Museo Dolores Olmedo.
In 1962, she acquired a property at La Noria, Xochimilco in southern Mexico City, which she would later convert into a museum (named after herself) in 1994. Donating her entire collection of art including pre-Hispanic, colonial, folk, modern and contemporary art, the Dolores Olmedo Patiño Museum host the greatest collection of Frida Kahlo, Diego Rivera and Angelina Beloff. Upon her death in 2002, she left funds for taking care of her museum ("Dolores Olmedo Museum" in English), now open to the public.
The five-building complex contains up to 150 paintings, including 145 Rivera's, 25 from Kahlo's (and some of their scripts and drawings), nearly 6,000 pre-Hispanic figurines and sculptures as well diverse living animals such as geese, ducks, six xoloitzcuintles and Indian Peafowls kept in gardens. Recently new areas have been added to the museum, "her private rooms" where she kept original decorations of her house such as ivory, china, and artwork by artist whom she nurtured in her latter years including José Juárez and Francisco Guevara.

</doc>
<doc id="18991554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991554" title="Rich Hinton">
Rich Hinton

Richard Michael Hinton is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched parts of six seasons between and , including three separate stints with the Chicago White Sox.
Draft history.
Hinton was originally drafted in the 23rd round in 1965 by the Los Angeles Dodgers, but he did not sign, instead opting to attend the University of Arizona. During his tenure there, he was drafted three more times, but did not sign until the fourth, when he was selected in the 3rd round in 1969 by the White Sox.
Playing career.
First White Sox stint.
Hinton advanced fairly quickly to the majors, making his debut in July 1971 against the New York Yankees, pitching a perfect 8th inning in relief of Terry Forster. He would go on to pitch in 18 games that year, including three starts, winning three games and losing four.
1972: Yankees and Rangers.
Shortly after the 1971 season ended, the White Sox traded Hinton to the team against whom he'd made his debut, the Yankees, in exchange for outfielder Jim Lyttle. He started that season in the minors, coming up to the majors in May. By September, however, he would be out of the Yankees organization, as his contract was purchased by the Texas Rangers. Altogether, Hinton pitched in 12 games in , winning one and losing one.
Back to the White Sox.
The Rangers traded Hinton again the following spring, sending him along with Nate Colbert to the Cleveland Indians for former American League batting champion Alex Johnson. However, the Indians kept Hinton for just one season, during which he never appeared in the majors, before releasing him the following spring. He returned to the White Sox, signing with them less than two weeks after his release, and he spent the season in the minors again. In , Hinton returned to the majors, pitching in 15 games for Chicago, but he would soon be on the move again.
Cincinnati.
In December, Hinton was traded once again, this time to the Cincinnati Reds along with a minor leaguer in exchange for veteran relief pitcher Clay Carroll. While Carroll continued on to have a couple more good years, Hinton continued to be on the fringes of the majors, pitching in just twelve games in the majors in and none in , after which Hinton was granted free agency.
White Sox, take three.
Once again, Hinton found himself in the White Sox organization, and for the first time he would get an extended chance at the majors. He responded by having his best season in , pitching in 29 games, starting four, and pitching a pair of complete games, the only ones of his career. He also picked up his first major league save on June 3 against the Kansas City Royals in support of Ken Kravec. His ERA of 4.02 was also his best since 1972.
Final season.
Hinton made his major league debut in May, but he wasn't nearly as effective as he'd been the previous year. His ERA with the White Sox went up by two full runs, to 6.04, although he did pick up two more saves. In July, he was traded to the Seattle Mariners for the also-struggling Juan Bernhardt, who would not play in the majors again. Hinton pitched little better for Seattle, finishing the season with a 1–4 record and a 5.86 ERA. He never pitched in the majors again.
Personal life.
Hinton is now living in Sarasota with his wife, ex-European model Rita Hinton, and six children. He works as a Green Builder. His son Robert is currently a pitcher in the Milwaukee Brewers organization.

</doc>
<doc id="18991566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991566" title="Monday James">
Monday James

Monday James (born 19 October 1986) is a Nigerian professional football defender, currently playing for Swedish club Hammarby IF.
Club career.
He began his career by Bendel Insurance before being transferred to Bayelsa United in January 2006.
He went on a 5-month loan to Swedish club Hammarby IF in November 2008 after a couple of trials with the club, where there is a clause in the loan that gives Hammarby the option to buy him when the loan ends. On 7 June 2009 Hammarby IF reported that they would buy James and he would be given a 4-year contract.
As of June 2010, James has being out of play for almost a year, due to a misunderstanding with the club doctors claiming he has a heart condition while he was 100 percent healthy, he did not sustain any injury that prevented him from playing. .
29 June 2011, Monday James extended his contract with Hammarby IF for another 2 years.he played 15 games in 2011, 2 games in 2012 and has currently played 7 games in the 1st round of this season.
International career.
He represented his country at the 2008 Beijing, was part of the Nigerian team during the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Honours.
National team:
U-23:
U-20:

</doc>
<doc id="18991576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991576" title="Peter Alfred Taylor">
Peter Alfred Taylor

Peter Alfred Taylor (30 July 1819 – 20 December 1891) was a British politician and radical.
He was the son of another Peter Alfred Taylor, a silk merchant, and the nephew of Samuel Courtauld. He was educated at a school in Hove, Sussex, run by J. P. Malleson, his cousin and the Unitarian minister for Brighton. Here he met Clementia Doughty, whom he married in 1842.
In the late 1830s he joined the family company of Samuel Courtauld & Co, later becoming a partner. The wealth from the company was what allowed him to develop and fund his radical interests, something which he conducted in concert with his wife.
Parliamentary career.
After unsuccessful candidatures at Newcastle upon Tyne in 1858 and Leicester in 1861, he was elected unopposed as a Liberal MP for Leicester in February 1862. At his election, when his programme included abolition of church rates and separation of church and state, he was attacked as ‘anti-everything’. He was a member of the Emancipation Society, founded in 1862 to promote the cause of the northern states in the American Civil War. He was a vice-president and one of the few middle-class supporters of the Reform League, constituted early in 1865 to campaign for manhood suffrage and the ballot, and appeared on league platforms during the parliamentary reform crisis of 1866–7. He attempted to achieve unity with the National Reform Union, which sought the more limited aim of household suffrage. With John Stuart Mill he was a parliamentary spokesman for the Jamaica Committee, formed in response to Edward John Eyre's brutal suppression of riots in Jamaica during the Morant Bay rebellion.
In 1863 Taylor bought the freehold of Aubrey House, a large detached house in the Campden Hill area of Holland Park in West London. The Taylors opened the Aubrey Institute in the grounds of the house; the institute gave young people the chance to improve a poor education they might have had. The Taylors were closely involved in the movement for Italian unification and Giuseppe Mazzini was a frequent visitor to Aubrey House. Giuseppe Garibaldi stayed at the house for a few days during his celebrated 1864 visit to London.
The Alexander's salon at Aubrey House, and Clementia's "Pen and Pencil Club" at which the work of young writers and artists was read and exhibited, became noted for their radical attendees. The Alexander's social gatherings were also noted by the American author Louisa May Alcott.
A London County Council blue plaque commemorates the Taylors and other notable residents of Aubrey House.
In 1873 ill health forced Taylor to retire from London to Brighton, where he founded clubs for working men, notably the Nineteenth Century Club, a forum for advanced radical and secularist views. He stood down from parliament in June 1884. Taylor died at home on 20 December 1891 and was buried at the extramural cemetery in Brighton on the 23rd.

</doc>
<doc id="18991579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991579" title="Lost in the Fifties Tonight (In the Still of the Night)">
Lost in the Fifties Tonight (In the Still of the Night)

"Lost in the Fifties Tonight (In The Still of the Night)", also known simply as "Lost in the Fifties Tonight", is a song made famous by country music singer Ronnie Milsap.
Success and Reception.
Originally recorded in 1985, the song was Milsap's 42nd single to be released. At the same time, it was also his 27th No. 1 hit on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Like many of his other singles, the song also fared well as a crossover hit on the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary charts as it entered the Top 10, peaking at No. 8. This is his last Top 10 single to appear on this particular chart.
The song was praised by critics, and fans alike, and remains as one Milsap's most popular recordings. In a year when 51 songs rotated out of the Hot Country Singles' No. 1 position, "Lost in the Fifties Tonight" was one of just two songs of the group to spend more than one week at No. 1 (it spent two, as did The Judds' "Have Mercy), and Milsap's song was the No. 1 country song of 1985.
That same year, it won Milsap his fourth Grammy Award for "Best Country Vocal Performance" for a male artist.

</doc>
<doc id="18991588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991588" title="Hampden Whalley">
Hampden Whalley

George Hampden Whalley, later George Hampden White (1851–?) was a British Liberal politician and soldier. 
The son of George Hammond Whalley, Member of Parliament for Peterborough, he was born at the family estate of Plas Madoc in 1851. Educated at Brighton College and on the training ship "Britannia", he afterwards entered the Royal Navy.
Whalley received a lieutenant's commission in the 6th Royal Lancaster Regiment of Militia on 9 March 1871. He resigned his commission on 1 June 1872, and was commissioned a cornet in the Denbighshire Yeomanry on 29 June 1872. Whalley was promoted lieutenant, then captain on 4 December 1878. In 1879, Whalley commanded C Troop of Lonsdale's Horse, a local colonial unit, in the Anglo-Zulu War. A convoy under his command from Fort Tenedos to Fort Chelmsford successfully beat off a Zulu ambush.
Whalley was elected Liberal MP for Peterborough in 1880, like his father (who had occupied the seat until his death in 1878). He resigned by becoming Steward of the Manor of Northstead in June 1883. He was adjudged bankrupt later that year. In April 1884, Whalley and his wife rented a house in South Kensington. They were evicted in August, after Whalley's draft for the rent had proved uncollectable, but by this time Whalley had broken into a locked room and stolen £200 of the owner's goods and pawned them. He was subsequently convicted of theft at the Old Bailey and sentenced to nine months at hard labor. He subsequently changed his surname to White, and emigrated to Queensland, with his wife and infant daughter, in 1885 or 1886. His later history is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18991603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991603" title="Mary Boyle, Countess of Cork and Orrery">
Mary Boyle, Countess of Cork and Orrery

Mary Boyle, Countess of Cork and Orrery (21 May 1746 – 30 May 1840) was a British literary hostess.
Life.
Born Mary Monckton, she was a daughter of John Monckton, 1st Viscount Galway by his second wife, Jane Westenra of Rathleagh, Queen's County, Ireland.
From her early years, she took a keen interest in literature, and through her influence, her mother's house in London became a favourite meeting place of literary celebrities; Dr Johnson was a frequent guest. Boswell places Mary Monckton among the bluestocking clubs, and writes: 
The playwright Richard Brinsley Sheridan was a close friend and regular visitor: in the 1780 general election he stood jointly in the Whig interest with Mary's brother Edward and was elected 2nd Member for Stafford. Reynolds, Burke and Horace Walpole were among her constant visitors, and Mrs Siddons was her closest friend. In 1786, she became the second wife of Edmund Boyle, 7th Earl of Cork and 7th Earl of Orrery. 
As Lady Cork, her love of social "lions" became more pronounced than ever. 
Among her regular guests were Canning and Castlereagh, Byron, Sir Walter Scott, Lord John Russell, Sir Robert Peel, Theodore Hook and Sydney Smith. 
Politically, there was never any doubt of her sympathies: although brother Edward wavered, Mary still signed herself "a True Whig" into old age.
She is supposed to have been the original of Lady Bellair in Disraeli's "Henrietta Temple", and Dickens is believed to have drawn on her for some of the peculiarities of Mrs Leo Hunter in "The Pickwick Papers". Lady Cork had a remarkable memory, and was a brilliant conversationalist. 
Several of the historical novels of Georgette Heyer refer to the fame of her literary parties, and the crucial role which wit and good conversation played there.
She died in London on 30 May 1840.
She was then ninety-four, but within a few days of her death had been either dining out or entertaining every night. 
She was buried in Brewood parish church, Staffordshire, close to the estates of her brother, Edward Monckton.

</doc>
<doc id="18991605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991605" title="Yves De Winter">
Yves De Winter

Yves De Winter (born 25 May 1987) is a Belgian football goalkeeper, who plays for AZ in Eredivisie.

</doc>
<doc id="18991607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991607" title="Ken Carpenter (announcer)">
Ken Carpenter (announcer)

Kenneth Lee Carpenter (August 21, 1900 – October 16, 1984) was a longtime TV and radio announcer, who was best known for being the announcer for singer and actor Bing Crosby for 27 years.
Early life and education.
Born in Avon, Illinois, Carpenter was the son of Barlow Carpenter, a Universalist minister, and Clara Carpenter (1874 – 1971). He graduated from Lombard College in Galesburg, Illinois in 1921, where he was a member of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity. Lombard College also is where Carpenter met his future lifelong wife, Betty.
Early show business career.
Carpenter moved to Hollywood in 1929, one year after resolving to move there after listening to radio legend Graham McNamee call the Rose Bowl. Not long afterward, he became a staff announcer for KFI radio. As part of that job, Carpenter announced USC and UCLA football games for the Pacific Coast and the NBC radio networks from 1932 until 1935. In 1935, Carpenter announced the Rose Bowl for NBC radio. Carpenter became the color man for Bill Stern for all NBC-originated radio programming from Los Angeles from 1938 until 1942, which included the Rose Bowl. "Those Rose Bowl games were a big break for me, as they made me known to clients and advertising agencies in the East, so I had a jump on other local men when the big commercial shows started originating in L.A. in the mid-1930s," Carpenter later said.
Work with Bing Crosby.
In 1936, Carpenter became Crosby's announcer after Crosby began hosting the "Kraft Music Hall" radio variety program. Carpenter continued to announce for Crosby on various programs for the next 27 years. Crosby famously once called Carpenter "the man with the golden voice." Carpenter also was known for ringing the chimes on many of Crosby's shows.
Other work.
Carpenter also announced for Al Jolson and Edgar Bergen as well. By virtue of his extensive announcing career, he wound up with uncredited roles in well-known movies, including "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" and "Susan Slept Here". He was also the narrator for producer Jerry Fairbanks' theatrical short-subject series "Unusual Occupations", released by Paramount Pictures from 1938 through 1948.
From 1949 until 1952, Carpenter was the announcer for the NBC Radio sitcom "The Halls of Ivy". He was also the announcer for "Lux Radio Theater" from 1952 through the end of the series in 1955; from 1955 until 1957, Carpenter hosted NBC's "Lux Video Theatre" program during its summer seasons. Other programs for which Carpenter was an announcer on radio included "The Great Gildersleeve", "The Chase and Sanborn Program" (featuring Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy) and a stint on "The Life of Riley" from 1947 through 1949.
Retirement.
In his final years, Carpenter lived in the Brentwood area of Los Angeles. He died at Saint John's Health Center in Santa Monica, California on October 16, 1984 after suffering a brief illness. Carpenter was survived by his wife Betty and his son, Ronald. He also was survived by four grandchildren and five great grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="18991616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991616" title="No Objection Certificate">
No Objection Certificate

No Objection Certificate or popularly abbreviated as NOC is a type of legal certificate issued by any agency, organization, institute or in certain cases, an individual, that does not object to the covenants of the certificate. This certification is a requirement at most of the government-based departments predominantly from the Indian subcontinent.

</doc>
<doc id="18991619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991619" title="Wolfgang Vogel">
Wolfgang Vogel

Wolfgang Vogel (30 October 1925 – 21 August 2008) was a German lawyer active in East Germany at the time of the Cold War who had brokered some of the most famous swaps of spies or exchanges against ransom of political prisoners between the Soviet bloc and the West. A bridge between two worlds during three decades, he came to symbolize the ambiguity of his time and environment, and his career was cited as material worthy of Len Deighton and John le Carré.
Personal life.
Vogel was born in Lower Silesia on 30 October 1925, and he studied law in Jena and Leipzig after World War II and graduated as a lawyer. In April 1946 he married his first wife Eva, with whom he had two children, Manfred and Lilo. The couple were divorced in 1966. In 1974 Vogel married his second wife Helga Fritsch. Originating from Essen after meeting Vogel in 1968 she moved to the DDR in 1969. She worked as a secretary in Vogels office, in Berlin-Friedrichsfelde. Following German reunification until Vogel's death the couple lived in Schliersee in the Bavarian Alps.
Career.
He was employed by the Stasi to make contacts among West German lawyers, which would gradually make him a broker for the spy swaps and prisoner exchanges which would make him famous in East Germany. His first swap negotiation was the trading of Francis Gary Powers and Frederic Pryor for Vilyam Genrikhovich Fisher (Rudolf Abel). He also negotiated the exchange of Günter Guillaume in 1981, for captured Western agents. Overall, Vogel brokered the exchange of more than 150 spies and the exchange of Anatoly Shcharansky for Karl Koecher and his wife in 1986. He helped to broker the transfer of more than 34,000 East German political prisoners and 215,000 ordinary citizens to the West, beginning in 1964. 
German reunification.
After reunification, his Stasi links left him open to accusations of extortion, profiteering and tax evasion that culminated in his arrest and later conviction in a state court in Berlin in 1996 on five counts of blackmail which led to a brief imprisonment. He appealed; Germany's highest court found in his favor in 1998 on two of the cases, and prosecutors agreed to drop the others.
Vogel died in his home in Schliersee, Bavaria, after suffering a heart attack.
Legacy.
In its report on his death, the German broadcaster Deutsche Welle stated that "during the height of the Cold War in the late 50s, Vogel was the only point man" between West and East Germany because the two states denied having any official contacts at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="18991637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991637" title="2008 Canada listeriosis outbreak">
2008 Canada listeriosis outbreak

The 2008 Canadian listeriosis outbreak was a widespread outbreak of listeriosis in Canada linked to cold cuts from a Maple Leaf Foods plant in Toronto, Ontario. 22 people died and there were 57 total confirmed cases.
Origin and spread.
Listeriosis is an infection caused by the bacterium "Listeria monocytogenes". The outbreak originated from lines 8 and 9 of the Maple Leaf Foods Bartor Road facility (Establishment No. 97B) in North York, Ontario, a neighbourhood of Toronto. There were about 220 possibly contaminated products, each stamped with the code "97B" near the "Best before" date. Since the bacteria travelled through deli meats, which are cooked (and as a result are usually free of pathogens), the contamination likely occurred during packaging. The outbreak was first noticed in July when regular surveillance detected an increase in cases reported. Federal inspectors usually spent less than 2 hours a day at the plant in the months before the outbreak of the illness, sometimes as little as 15 minutes.
Response from Maple Leaf Foods.
Maple Leaf Foods had instated a voluntary recall before the outbreak was linked to their plant; upon confirming the link, they expanded the recall to all products from the Bartor Road facility. In a press conference, President and CEO of Maple Leaf Foods Michael McCain stated, "Tragically, our products have been linked to illness and loss of life. To those people who are ill, and to the families who have lost loved ones, I offer my deepest and sincerest sympathies. Words cannot begin to express our sadness for their pain."
Officials from Maple Leaf believe that the outbreak originated sometime in July on line 8 or line 9 of the North York facility. Regardless, the entire plant has undergone intense sanitation, which began August 21. About 80 workers were involved in the cleanup, with additional outside experts and microbiologists supervising the operation. They used peroxyacetic acid, quaternary ammonium compound, isopropyl alcohol, refrigeration gel and a granular compound to disinfect the parts of the apparatuses. About 320 employees were to attend a four-hour training session on "Listeria" and on cleanliness, and about 250 employees were laid off while the plant was being cleaned.
The recall reportedly cost the company $20 million, about ten times the original estimate.
Political responses.
Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty credited the discovery of the outbreak to an early-warning system implemented after the 2003 SARS outbreak in Toronto. Canadian Health Minister Tony Clement stated that he expected the number of cases to rise with time, since the bacteria have a lengthy incubation period. Minister of Agriculture Gerry Ritz stated at a news conference: "Let me state on behalf of the government that our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of those that are affected [...] And of course, I'd like to reiterate that our highest priority continues to be making sure that Canadian families' food supply is safe."
On the federal political level, there was a debate on the privatization of food inspection. A cabinet document leaked earlier in the year outlined a plan to save money at the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA) by shifting federal meat inspectors into an oversight role and leaving companies to implement their own methods. Liberal leader Stéphane Dion was harshly critical and drew comparisons to the 2000 Walkerton tainted water tragedy and the privatization of propane inspection, which he blamed for the 2008 Toronto explosions. Gerry Ritz responded that the CFIA had added 200 inspectors since the Conservatives came to power, adding, "As opposed to having our inspectors standing line by line, they'll have a more oversight role within the plant itself [...] We're trying to build a better mousetrap here." New Democratic Party agriculture critic Alex Atamanenko said he strongly opposed the apparent privatization plans. The NDP claimed that policy changes first put in place by the Liberals and then continued under the Conservative government were to blame for the outbreak.
Gerry Ritz comments.
On September 17, 2008, Agricultural Minister Gerry Ritz made national news when comments he made on an August 30, 2008 conference call with government officials were made public. Ritz was quoted as saying, "This is like a death by a thousand cuts. Or should I say cold cuts." Then, when told of a death in Prince Edward Island, Ritz said, "Please tell me it's (Liberal MP) Wayne Easter." Ritz apologized for his remarks, but various groups called for his resignation. New Democratic Party Leader Jack Layton responded by saying, "Canadians are dying because of the mismanagement of our government... there should absolutely never be that kind of humour... It illustrates the government is not taking this matter as seriously as they should." A spokesman for Prime Minister Harper released a statement saying Ritz's comments were tasteless and completely inappropriate. Stephen Harper refused to seek Ritz's resignation.
Class-action lawsuits.
Four separate class-action lawsuits were filed in Ontario, Quebec, Saskatchewan, and British Columbia. The lawsuit in Ontario is claiming damages of $350 million. All lawsuits were filed by "Merchant Law Group".
The lawsuits were settled in December 2008 for $27 million.
All the cheques to claimants were mailed on the afternoon of February 3, 2012.
A court order for a "Pro Rata Reduction to all entitlements" was ordered, meaning that
all claims were delivered at 93.04% of the original agreement. Claimants had until August 1, 2012
to cash their cheques.

</doc>
<doc id="18991642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991642" title="Joslain Mayebi">
Joslain Mayebi

Joslain Leon Mayebi (born 14 October 1986) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for Wrexham as a goalkeeper.
Career.
Mayebi previously played for FC Metz, AEK Larnaca and Hakoah Ramat Gan.
He was selected for the Cameroon national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics, but did not appear in any matches. He was called into the squad for a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Togo on 28 March 2009, but did not play.
In late 2010 he spent time on trial with Preston North End and Leicester City.
Wrexham.
He joined Wrexham on trial in December 2010, and, after impressing manager Dean Saunders, joined the club on 1 January 2011 until the end of the 2010–11 season. He made his debut against Luton Town on 30 April 2011. In the 2011–12 season Mayebi made his second appearance against Kidderminster Harriers due to Chris Maxwell being away on Wales under-21 duty, keeping a clean sheet. He went on to replace Maxwell as Wrexham's first choice goalkeeper after conceding only 7 goals in a 16 game run. Maxwell left Wrexham and joined Fleetwood Town due to a lack of first team opportunities. 
In July 2012, with Mayebi and youth goalkeeper Louis Gray the only recognised goalkeepers at the club, the announcement of the signing of Andy Coughlin was made to challenge Mayebi for the number one spot during the 2012–13 season. Mayebi began the 2012/13 season relatively well keeping 6 clean sheets in the first 11 games of the season. His play earned him a callup to the Cameroon national football team for a Cup of Nations qualifier. On January 29, 2013 Mayebi picked up a season-ending injury in a 2-2 draw with Southport, the Cameroon international ruptured his achilies and will be out for approximately 8 months possibly more. This caused Wrexham to re-sign Chris Maxwell on a loan from Fleetwood for the remainder of the season. On March 24, 2013 Mayebi picked up his first honour in football when Wrexham beat Grimsby Town on penalties at Wembley Stadium. Although Mayebi did not play at Wembley due to injury, he picked up a medal after playing in previous rounds against Rushall Olympic, Solihull Moors, Sutton United and Southport.

</doc>
<doc id="18991644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991644" title="Be Easy (Massari song)">
Be Easy (Massari song)

"Be Easy" is a song by Canadian R&B singer Massari. It was released in April 2005 from his self-titled debut album "Massari".
Music video.
A music video was made for the song, which won "Best Pop Video" at the 2006 MuchMusic Video Awards. It features Massari with a yellow Lamborghini with some ladies dancing.

</doc>
<doc id="18991653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991653" title="Bell Ford Bridge">
Bell Ford Bridge

The Bell Ford Post Patented Diagonal "Combination Bridge", often simply called the Bell Ford Bridge or Bell Ford Covered Bridge, is a dilapidated covered bridge located in Jackson County, Indiana, northwest of Seymour, Indiana. The bridge originally passed over the East Fork of the White River on a former alignment of State Road 258, and was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 25, 2005.
The bridge was originally built in 1869. Built in two sections, the wood and iron bridge measured 325 feet long. It reflects a time when the construction of bridges began switching from wood to iron / steel, every tensile web in the trusses made of iron, every compression member made from wood. The now unusual use of both materials has made it said that the Bell Ford Bridge is "the best representation of the American engineering “combination” bridge form". Until 1970 it was regularly used by both cars and animals. The western span collapsed in February 1999 during a windstorm, and the eastern span collapsed on January 2, 2006, nine months after it made the National Register. Its collapse meant that no combination variant Post Truss remained standing worldwide.
After the Bell Ford Bridge's January 2006 collapse, Jackson County Commission President Gary Darlage said: "There is nothing left of the Bell Ford Bridge and I will not spend another tax dollar on it. Ninety percent of the people in this county think it is asinine to even consider rebuilding that bridge. On July 25, 2007, United States Representative Baron Hill announced that the National Historic Covered Bridge Preservation Program would be giving the Bell Ford Bridge and two other covered bridges in Jackson County $2.08 million total for restoration. $448,000 of the grant was for the Bell Ford Bridge. 
On August 19, 2008, the commissioners of Jackson County voted 3-0 to sell what remained of the bridge to an interest group who intended to rebuild the bridge at Fort Benjamin Harrison State Park in Indianapolis, Indiana, over sixty miles (100 km) away from its current location. It would allow walkers and bikers to cross over Fall Creek. The restoration is expected to take two years and cost $2 million (USD), with a hope that federal grants will be available. It has been promised that historical markers will denote its history in Jackson County, but some preservationists in Jackson County decry it being moved, saying the grant money was already there to pay for its renovation in Jackson County. One thing that might stop the bridge from being moved is if Jackson County would have to repay $123,000 of federal money for design and restoration work it received to use on the bridge since 1999. In late May 2010 an Indiana Department of Transportation representative requested of Jackson County commissioners that a decision be made in the coming month.

</doc>
<doc id="18991663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991663" title="HMVS Victoria (1855)">
HMVS Victoria (1855)

HMVS "Victoria" (Her Majesty's Victorian Ship; also referred to with the prefix HMCSS-Her Majesty's Colonial Steam Sloop) was a 580-ton combined steam/sail sloop-of-war built in England in the 1850s for the colony of Victoria, Australia.
She was the second warship to be built for an Australian colonial navy, the first British-built ship given to a colony of the British Empire, and the first Australian warship to be deployed overseas when she supported New Zealand colonists during the First Taranaki War.
Construction and acquisition.
"Victoria" was the first warship to be built in England for one of the British colonies. She was the second ship ordered for an Australian colonial navy, after the Australian-built gunboat "Spitfire" for the New South Wales colony. She was designed by the British naval architect Oliver Lang and launched in London on 30 June 1855 by Lady Constance Talbot.
Commander William Henry Norman sailed "Victoria" from Plymouth to Hobsons Bay, arriving on 31 May 1856. The ship was initially equipped with three 32-pounder guns.
Operational history.
"Victoria"s main duties were to protect the colony of Victoria, conduct hydrological surveys, recover passengers and crew from stricken ships, and serve as a lighthouse tender. During her career the sloop delivered the first trout eggs to the colony of Tasmania.
New Zealand Wars deployment, 1860.
In 1860, the colonial government of Victoria decided to send the sloop to New Zealand, to support British colonists fighting in the First Taranaki War. On 19 April 1860, "Victoria" sailed to Hobart, embarked 134 troops from the 40th Regiment of Foot, and transported them to New Zealand. Prior to her departure, the colonial government passed an Act giving the ship legal status, but this law was overturned by Britain as an attempt to create a naval force independent of the Royal Navy.
After delivering the soldiers to Auckland, "Victoria" performed shore bombardments and coastal patrols, while maintaining supply routes between Auckland and New Plymouth.
In July, she sailed to Sydney to transport General Thomas Pratt and his staff to New Zealand. "Victoria" was used to evacuate women and children from the town of New Plymouth, following Maori attacks on the town's fortifications. In October, the ship underwent refit in Wellington, and resumed duties by delivering British reinforcements to the combat areas. As the Victorian colonial government required the ship for urgent survey work, her return was requested at the end of the year, with "Victoria" arriving in Melbourne in March 1861.
The New Zealand Wars deployment was the first time an Australian warship had been deployed to assist in a foreign war. The legal hazards of having a colonial warship operating outside her territorial limits was rectified by declaring that all Australian warships in international or foreign waters had to be commissioned into the Royal Navy.
Search for Burke and Wills, 1861-2.
When news reached Melbourne in July 1861 that the explorers Burke and Wills were missing somewhere between Cooper Creek and the Gulf of Carpentaria the Royal Society of Victoria decided to send a number of search parties to search for them. Commander William Henry Norman sailed from Hobson's Bay in "Victoria" on the 4 August 1861 for Brisbane, where William Landsborough and the Queensland Relief Expedition boarded. "Victoria" arrived at the Albert River in the Gulf of Carpentaria at the end of September 1861. Also aboard was the botanist Diedrich Henne. After finding traces of the explorers, they returned to Melbourne on 31 March 1862.
1862 onwards.
In 1867, "Victoria" was present for the visit of Prince Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh—the first member of the British Royal Family to visit Australia.
By 1877, "Victoria"s armament had been altered to include one 10-inch gun, two 13-pounders, and two 3-pounders.

</doc>
<doc id="18991666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991666" title="Hans Jenisch">
Hans Jenisch

Hans Jenisch (19 October 1913 – 29 April 1982) was a "Kapitänleutnant" with the "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. He commanded the Type VIIA U-boat , sinking seventeen ships on seven patrols, for a total of 110,139 tons of Allied shipping, to become the 26th highest scoring U-Boat ace of World War II.
Career.
Jenisch joined the "Reichsmarine" in 1933, and after serving in the cruiser transferred to the U-boat arm in 1937. He served as 1.WO (second-in-command) of under Werner Lott, before taking command of the U-boat in February 1940.
Empress of Britain.
On 26 October 1940 the "Empress of Britain" was spotted by a German Focke-Wulf C 200 "Condor" long-range bomber, commanded by "Oberleutnant" Bernhard Jope. Jope's bomber strafed the "Empress" three times and hit her twice with 250 kg bombs causing severe damage to the ship. Jenisch had been informed of the location of the damaged vessel and intercepted her on the evening of 27 October. Jenisch fired three torpedoes, hitting her twice. The "Empress of Britain" sank at 02:05 AM on 28 October 1940. At 42,348 gross tons, she was the largest ship sunk by a German U-boat.
Capture.
Jenisch was captured on 30 October 1940 after "U-32" was sunk north-west of Ireland by the British destroyers and . Nine of her crew died, but 33 survived to be taken prisoner, including Jenisch. He spent the next 6.5 years in British captivity before his return to Germany in June 1947.
Post-war.
Even though Jenisch became known as a celebrated U-boat commander, his subsequent assessment of submarines was highly negative. In POW camp, he told a shocked Wilfried Prellberg (ex-CO of "U 31") he considered submarines in warfare "obsolete. All of it." On joining the "Bundesmarine" in 1956, Jenisch held staff positions and commanded the training frigate "Hipper" (originally a "Black Swan"-class sloop, the ex-HMS "Actaeon") for a time. 
Jenisch was Divisional Training Commander at the Führungsakademie der Bundeswehr in the Department of Navy in Hamburg from 1 October 1966 to 31 March 1970. He retired in 1972 with the rank of "Kapitän zur See", and died in 1982.
Summary of career.
Ships attacked.
During 7 patrols he sank 17 ships, including the 42,348 ton , for a career total of 110,139 GRT, as well as damaging 3 ships for 22,749 tons, including the cruiser .

</doc>
<doc id="18991677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991677" title="Dark Shades of Blue">
Dark Shades of Blue

Dark Shades Of Blue is the fifth album by Australian multi-instrumentalist Xavier Rudd released 16 August 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="18991681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991681" title="Antonio Ghomsi">
Antonio Ghomsi

Antonio Ghomsi (born 22 April 1986) is a Cameroonian footballer. He currently plays for KV Mechelen, on loan from Siena.
Ghomsi started his career at Genoa. In July 2006, he was signed by Messina of Serie A. He made his Serie A debut on 1 October against Livorno. In summer 2007 he left for Juve Stabia of Serie C1. He became a free agent after Messina bankrupted in July 2008. In October 2008, he was signed by Avellino of Serie B on free transfer.
In July 2009, he was signed by A.C. Siena of Serie A. and pending a loan deal to KV Mechelen. He made his Belgian First Division debut on 1 August 2009, KV Mechelen 4–1 won KVC Westerlo.

</doc>
<doc id="18991745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991745" title="Smith (1939 film)">
Smith (1939 film)

Smith (1939) is a short film directed by Michael Powell to promote a charity that helped ex-servicemen who had fallen on hard times, starring Ralph Richardson and Flora Robson. 
Production background.
Because the British authorities in 1939 wanted as many people as possible to enlist for World War II, it was not a good time to be talking about ex-servicemen having problems. Although the film had a première at the Houses of Parliament before an invited audience of MPs and charity workers, it was never shown to the public. A fiscal disagreement between the charity and the agent who was booking the film caused it to be pulled from distribution.
"Smith" wasn't just thought to be lost, most people didn't even know that it even existed. It wasn't included in any filmography of Michael Powell, and Powell only refers to it briefly and obscurely in his autobiography. The film was discovered in 2003 through the detective work of Mark Fuller of Bristol and a safety print was made by the BFI. This was shown at film festivals in Vienna and Bologna in 2004 but it didn't have its first public screening in the U.K. until 15 October 2004 when it was shown in Canterbury, 65 years after it was completed.
Plot.
John Smith (Ralph Richardson) fought for his country in World War I. But during the depression of the 1930s he found it hard to find work. Finally the bailiffs appear and take everything of value. His loyal wife, Mary Smith (Flora Robson), tells John about a charity for ex-servicemen. 
John appeals to the charity, and they help him: They give him a loan to get him back on his feet and they train him in skills that are more useful than the ones he had before.
A large part of the short film is taken up with a long speech by Major Lloyd from the charity as the camera shows us around. There are examples of ex-servicemen doing wickerwork and other small handicrafts.
The Charity.
The film was made for and was about a charity called "The Embankment Fellowship Centre". Part of the detective work to locate it was necessitated because in the intervening 60-plus years since the film was made, the Embankment Centre had merged with and been absorbed into other similar charities to form "The Ex-Service Fellowship Centres". In 2007 the name was again changed to Veterans Aid, and "Smith" can currently be seen in its entirety on their website.

</doc>
<doc id="18991750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991750" title="Butler Hotel">
Butler Hotel

The Butler Hotel or Hotel Butler in Seattle, Washington, was one of Seattle's leading hotels in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It was located at the corner of Second Avenue and James Street, in what is now the Pioneer Square-Skid Road National Historic District. During the Prohibition era, its Rose Room was repeatedly cited for flouting the laws against the consumption of alcoholic beverages. It closed in 1933; the lower two floors survive as part of the Butler Garage. The building itself is also known as the Butler Block, the name over the main entrance.
Early history.
One of Seattle's most elegant hotels, the building that was to become the Butler Hotel was built shortly after the Great Seattle Fire. Some years prior, Hillory Butler had owned and operated a truck garden on the quarter-block lot practically center of town and lived there in a small house. One of his conditions for the erection of a major building on his property in 1875 was that it would bear his name in perpetuity. The pre-fire Butler was a three-story wooden building.
Building plans for the new Butler Block were announced July 3, 1889, in the "Seattle Post-Intelligencer", less than a month after the fire. Designed by the short-lived partnership of Parkinson and Evers, it was built as an office building, the Phinney and Jones Building, for Guy C. Phinney and Daniel C. Jones. The English-born John Parkinson of Parkinson and Evers had just arrived in Seattle from Napa, California, after the fire, and was for several years one of Seattle's leading architects, before moving to Los Angeles after the Panic of 1893. Seattle neighborhood Phinney Ridge is named after Phinney, one of the city's leading businessmen of the era. Jones, in contrast was a foulmouthed frontiersman who apparently carried a gun in each hip pocket.
Original layout.
The building was originally five stories. In 1890–1891 a room on the fifth floor served as the meeting room for the Seattle City Council.
Construction.
The Butler Block was converted to the Butler Hotel in 1894. Later in that decade, it was the favored hostelry of those who returned wealthy from the Yukon Gold Rush. The hotel soon added its own electric plant and cold storage plant, as well as an open-front refrigerator in its grill room. Two more stories were added in 1903. The Butler became the center of the city's social life; guests included Alaskan con man, crime-boss, Soapy Smith, Japanese admiral Tōgō Heihachirō, American politicians William Jennings Bryan, Robert M. La Follette, Sr., and William Howard Taft, and railroad magnate James J. Hill.
Reaction to minimum wage.
In 1915, apparently in spiteful reaction to the enactment of a state minimum wage law, the Butler fired its maids, replacing them with an entirely Japanese immigrant staff. Two weeks later, under pressure from several directions, the original staff had their jobs restored.
Prohibition.
In the Prohibition era, the Butler's Rose Room "became synonymous with the city's informal night life". Victor Aloysius Meyers—later a Washington State politician—held forth as a bandleader, as did Jackie Souder. The young Bing Crosby tried out to sing at the Butler, but was told he needed more experience. John Edmondson Prim, later a founder of the Seattle Urban League and the first African American judge in the State of Washington, worked there as a waiter.
For many years, the Butler paid little or no attention to the laws against alcoholic beverages. "Liquor," Seattle businessman Henry Broderick explained decades later, "was not sold by the House, but in some devious, if not exactly mysterious way, whiskey had a habit of arriving at every one of the nearly one hundred tables in the establishment." As "Seattlife" magazine would comment in 1939, "... it was all in the course of an evening's fun to have the prohibition agents swoop in, seize partially concealed bottles of liquor from under the tables, perhaps arrest an employe ("sic") or two, and then depart amid boos and not-too-subtle insults." This went on for roughly a decade, until in early 1929 the Butler was prohibited from allowing dancing after 9 p.m. In May 1929 the Rose Room was ordered closed for a year. When it reopened in 1930, amid the deepening Great Depression, things were simply not the same.
Closing.
The Butler closed September 5, 1933. Its contents were auctioned January 15, 1934. All but the bottom two floors were then razed, and a multi-story parking lot erected where the hotel had stood. Not everyone mourned: "The Argus" wrote "As a matter of fact the Butler was never a hotel to be especially proud of, although for years the food was considered the best in the city. It was constructed for an office building and later converted into a hotel. It was always a firetrap, and it is a very good thing that it is going the way it is instead of the way it might have gone." Eventually the garage came to be owned by Sam Israel and, after his death, the Samis Foundation. The parking garage underwent a major expansion in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18991798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991798" title="Zaria Township Stadium">
Zaria Township Stadium

Zaria Township Stadium is a multi-use stadium in the Samaru neighborhood of Zaria, Nigeria. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the temporary home for Kaduna United F.C. The stadium holds 10,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="18991805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991805" title="James Gumm">
James Gumm

James Gumm was a member of John Batman's party that was involved in the foundation of the city that became Melbourne. While travelling up Salt Water River as part of Batman's party Gumm obtained fresh water by making "a hole with a stick which He did about 2 feet deep and in One hour we had a plentiful supply of good soft water". The place was named Gumm's Well in his honour.
Gumm was left at Indented Head while John Batman returned to Launceston to prepare a larger expedition. He was left with three months' worth supplies with five other men named Dodd; Thompson; and three Sydney Aboriginals Bullet, Bungett, and Old Bull. Batman put Gumm in charge of setting up the small settlement and gardens. While waiting for Batman to return on 6 July 1835 William Buckley appeared at the camp site of John Batman's Port Phillip Association with a party of aboriginals wearing kangaroo skins and carrying Aboriginal weapons.

</doc>
<doc id="18991819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991819" title="Jasem Amiri">
Jasem Amiri

Jasem Amiri (, born February 24, 1987) is an Iranian wrestler.

</doc>
<doc id="18991821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991821" title="Gossypieae">
Gossypieae

Gossypieae is a tribe of the Malvoideae subfamily of flowering plants. It includes the cotton ("Gossypium") and related plants. It is distinguished from the Hibisceae tribe on the basis of embryo structure and its apparently unique possession of glands able to synthesize the pigment gossypol.

</doc>
<doc id="18991839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991839" title="Fiona Joy Hawkins">
Fiona Joy Hawkins

Fiona Joy Hawkins is an Australian composer, vocalist, and pianist. She was born in Cessnock, New South Wales, to a creative family, and trained as a classical pianist.
Early life.
Hawkins was born in Cessnock, New South Wales and raised in both Newcastle and Tamworth. She first began to study the piano at a young age, composing short pieces for the piano before she was a teenager. She trained at the Tamworth Conservatorium of Music under tutor Ursula Bakker, where she showed early signs of musical talent. Her early music teachers included Es Clarke, Ursula Bakker, and Maureen Newell.
Artistic career.
Musical career.
Her first album, "Portrait of a Waterfall", charted at #1 on the New Age Reporter (NAR) World Charts in 2005. Her classical release, "Angel Above My Piano", earned the NAR Lifestyle Music Award for Best Piano Album of the Year for 2006. She has been a finalist multiple times in both the Musicoz Awards in the jazz and classical categories, and the Los Angeles Music Awards in the New Age/Ambient Instrumental category. She has also been interviewed regarding trends in the use of high end pianos and the potential changes new instruments make to a musician's compositions.
Her collaborations have included an album with Will Ackerman as producer. Her influences include George Winston, Michael Nyman, Chopin, and Mendelssohn. "The Sydney Morning Herald" said of her in 2007 that she "ranks among the world's best in her genre, but struggles for recognition in her home country" of Australia, largely due to the lack of recognition given to the genre by Australian music critics until she won the 2006 ZMR award. Hawkins is the first Australian to ever chart in the top ten on the ZMR chart and the first to ever win a ZMR award.
In 2008 Hawkins was the 2008 MusicOz winner for Best Jazz or Classical Artist. In 2009 she was again recognized, becoming the winner of the Album Of The Year, Best Contemporary Instrumental Album, and Best Instrumental Album - Piano "Zone Music Reporter" awards for her album "Blue Dream". The album was also a finalist for an ARIA award. In 2013 Hawkins was a finalist in the Best Live Performance, Best New Age Album, and Best New Age Song categories at the Independent Music Awards.
Her 2013 album '600 Years in a Moment' draws on Celtic music from her family traditions as well as vocal and instrumental performances representing Mongolia, Hungary, China, Africa, Tibet, Ireland, the Middle East, Native America centered around her playing on a 120-key Stuart and Sons piano, being recorded in Newcastle (Australia), at Imaginary Road Studios (Vermont), Los Angeles, New York, Bremen and Portland (Maine), and Halifax (Canada). Featured musicians include cellist Eugene Friesen (Paul Winter Consort), bassist Tony Levin (Paul McCartney and Peter Gabriel), drummer Jeff Haynes (Pat Metheney) and violinist Charlie Bisharat (Yanni), violinist/vocalist Rebecca Daniel (Australian Chamber Orchestra) as well as guitarists Will Ackerman and Todd Boston.
Painting career.
Hawkins is a painter whose works have been exhibited at the Butterflies Gallery in Pokolbin since 1997. She has also exhibited her works internationally in the past.

</doc>
<doc id="18991849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991849" title="Courtney Stanhope Kenny">
Courtney Stanhope Kenny

Courtney Stanhope Kenny (18 March 1847 – 18 March 1930) was a British jurist, academic and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1888. He is buried with his family in the Parish of the Ascension Burial Ground in Cambridge. 
Early life and career.
Kenny was born on the Wirral, the son of William Fenton Kenny J.P. of Halifax and Ripon and his wife Agnes Ralph, daughter of John Rhodes Ralph J.P. of Halifax. He was educated at the Heath and Hipperholme grammar schools and joined a firm of solicitors in 1863. In 1869 he became a partner but decided to leave and pursue a university education, entering Downing College, Cambridge in 1871. His career at university was particularly brilliant; in 1872 he was awarded a scholarship, in 1874 he was senior in the law and history tripos, won the Winchester Reading Prize, and was elected president of the union. In 1875 he won the chancellor's medal for legal studies.
Kenny was elected a fellow of Downing College in 1875 and was appointed to a lecturership in law and moral science. In three successive years, 1877, 1878, 1879, he submitted an essay which won him the Yorke Prize; the essays were on the history of the law of primogeniture (jointly with Perceval Maitland Laurence), the law relating to married women's property, and the law of charities. These were published as "The Law of England on the Effects of Marriage on Property", "The History of the Law of Primogeniture" and "Endowed Charities".
In 1881 Kenny was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn and joined the south-eastern circuit.
Political career.
At the 1885 general election Kenny was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for the Barnsley division of Yorkshire, and at the general election of June 1886 he was again returned as a Liberal. While in parliament he introduced bills for the abolition of primogeniture and for the amendment of the law relating to blasphemy, which demanded the repeal of the laws restricting the expression of religious opinion.
Cambridge Professor.
In 1888 Kenny became university reader of English law at Cambridge University, and resigned from parliament to concentrate on work at the university. In 1907 he was elected to replace the recently deceased Frederic William Maitland as Downing professor of the laws of England, a position he held until his retirement in 1918. He died in Cambridge aged 83.
Family.
Kenny married Emily Gertrude Wiseman (2 July 1849 – 27 November 1929) daughter of William Wood Wiseman M.R.C.S. of Ossett, Yorkshire in 1876. They had two daughters, Gertrude (died 9 September 1958) and Agnes (died 11 January 1966); all are buried together in the Parish of the Ascension Burial Ground in Cambridge. 

</doc>
<doc id="18991898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991898" title="Nelbert Omolon">
Nelbert Omolon

Nelbert "Bitoy" Omolon (born June 30, 1980 in Talakag, Bukidnon) is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Air21 Express in the Philippine Basketball Association. He was drafted 8th overall in the class of 2004 that included Rich Alvarez, Marc Pingris, James Yap, Ranidel de Ocampo, Gary David, Sonny Thoss and Wesley Gonzales. He is a versatile player who can score inside and outside, and can play multiple positions as well.
Early Years.
The youngest of three boys, Omolon was born and raised in Talakag, Bukidnon, a 30-minute drive from the Cagayan de Oro City airport. He did not learn how to play when he was a kid. He never even liked the game until he grew from 5’7 as a high school freshman to 6’2 as junior.
Xavier University High School Varsity Days.
Omolon joined a powerhouse Xavier University High School– Ateneo de Cagayan basketball squad, a program rich in high school basketball success in Cagayan de Oro City. There his talents were honed as he played his first ever organized basketball under the tutelage of highly regarded Cagayan de Oro basketball coach, Emmanuel "Manny" Diaz. His teammates included Niku Benson "Black Gamba" Valles, UE stalwart Jay-Arr Estrada and former NBC player and now MILO Sports Executive Andrew Neri. That was when Omolon realized he might have a future in basketball.
He is only the 2nd player to come from Xavier University High School– Ateneo de Cagayan and have entered the PBA, coming after famed basketball superstar Jojo Lastimosa.
Xavier University High School Varsity '97 Roster.
Omolon belonged to the XUHS '97 basketball varsity team which had this roster.
College Basketball.
Omolon played for PCU.
Professional career.
Philippine Basketball League.
After playing in PCU, he took his sneakers to the Philippine Basketball League where he suited up for Osaka-La Salle and ICTSI under coach Franz Pumaren and Welcoat under Coach Leo Austria.
Philippine Basketball Association.
Omolon joined the PBA in 2004 as the 8th draft pick overall.
Sta. Lucia Realtors.
Omolon scored a personal high 40 points on 11-of-16 shooting in the two-point area and hitting 4-of-5 beyond the arc with nine boards as Sta. Lucia earned its first ever outright semifinals slot on January 13, 2008 with a 123-106 rout over the Air21 Express.
A player who ever reliable on both ends of the floor due to his unrelenting defense and efficient offense, Bitoy has continued to impress his coaches in the pro league to this day. He is a player who is always tasked to guard the opposing team's best player and even imports. He can be the team MVP of the game and not score a point. Although possessing a limited array of offensive moves, Nelbert has showed he can do it as well on offense. With an improved outside shot these days, he is looked to provide a complimentary role to his more offensive-minded teammates in Meralco.
Omolon already has one ring with the Sta. Lucia Realtors. He helped the team to clamp on effective defense against James Yap which put the latter scoreless during the six-minute span of the fourth quarter.
Meralco Bolts, trade to Air 21 Express.
On January 2012, after 8 years as a professional basketball player, Omolon got traded for the first time to Air21 from the Meralco Bolts along with Mark Isip in exchange for Dennis Daa, Mark Canlas and a draft pick that originally belonged to the Bolts.

</doc>
<doc id="18991957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991957" title="Ryan Searle">
Ryan Searle

Ryan Gregory Searle (b. 22 June 1989, Brisbane, Australia) is a professional baseball pitcher. He graduated from Northpine Christian College at the end of 2006.
He was signed to a professional baseball contract at the age of 17 with the Chicago Cubs in 2007.
2007 - Ryan spent the first three months of his pro career in spring training and extended spring in Mesa Arizona, then going back to the Australian Academy on the Gold Coast in Australia.
2008 - Ryan went to spring training and extended spring to return to the Australian Academy (MLBAAP) again, there he led the Starting pitchers in ERA, WHIP, Strike outs, Wins and innings pitched.
He then returned to Mesa, Arizona after the MLBAAP to pitch two games before being promoted to the Boise Hawks an "A" ball affiliate of the Chicago Cubs. Where he was 2-2 with a 1.05 ERA in 35+ innings. Holding batters to a minuscule .171 against.
2009 - Played in the Claxton Shield, going 1-1 with 2 converted saves. Was then selected in The Australian, World Baseball Classic (WBC) Provisional roster. Overseas, he started the 2009 season with the Daytona Cubs, and was selected as a 2009 Florida State League Mid-Season All-Star
2010 - 2010 was a rough season for Ryan, after being demoted to Single A Peoria chiefs, he was 7-8 with a 4.38 ERA. Although his strike out ratio was raised A lot from the years prior, fanning 101 in 124.2 Innings. Ryan then went on to make 8 starts for the Newly formed Brisbane Bandits ABL team.
2011 - Ryan Started out the 2011 season with the Daytona Cubs Bullpen. After posting a 1.59 ERA in 16 games, he was promoted to the Cubs AA Affiliate Tennessee Smokies, where he is currently playing. For the Smokies, Searle had a 5-3 record with a solid 3.51 ERA in 23 games with 66 strikeouts. His efforts were rewarded with selection in the Australian national baseball team for the 2011 Baseball World Cup where he got his first start against Nicaragua, throwing five innings for one earned run and being the pitcher of record in a 4-3 win. In his second start, Searle dominated Canada with an impressive 7 1/3 innings of work for only 3 hits in a 7-0 win for Australia, bringing his record in the cup to 2-0 with a 0.74 ERA.

</doc>
<doc id="18991964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991964" title="2006 East Asian Judo Championships">
2006 East Asian Judo Championships

The 2006 East Asian Judo Championships was contested in seven weight classes, seven each for men and women. 
This competition was held at National Wrestling Hall in Ulan Bator, Mongolia, 2 and 3 September.

</doc>
<doc id="18991980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991980" title="Laurence Collinson">
Laurence Collinson

"Laurence Collinson" (1925–86) was a British and Australian playwright, actor, poet, journalist, and secondary school teacher.
Biography.
Born in Yorkshire, England, Collinson's family moved to Australia in 1930. While still at Brisbane State High School, Collinson and fellow students Barrie Reid and Cecel Knopke started the magazine "Barjai: A Meeting Place for Youth", which from 1943–44 published the literary avant-garde in Adelaide and Melbourne. He received a secondary teaching diploma from Merrer House in Melbourne and from 1955 to 1961 taught mathematics and English in various Melbourne secondary schools. 
From 1961 to 1964, Collinson worked as the editor of The Educational Magazine.
In 1964, Collinson returned to England. In the 1970s Laurence worked in his West Hampstead apartment as a Gestalt / Transactional Analysis group therapist. 
He died in London 10 November 1986 

</doc>
<doc id="18991987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991987" title="Davoud Abedinzadeh">
Davoud Abedinzadeh

Davoud Abedinzadeh Chadorchi (, born August 29, 1986 in Tehran) is an Iranian wrestler.

</doc>
<doc id="18991993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18991993" title="Shrine Bowl Provincial Championships">
Shrine Bowl Provincial Championships

The Shrine Bowl Provincial Championships is a high school varsity football playoff championship, in the province of British Columbia, Canada; from the years 1966 to 1975.
History.
The old varsity high school Vancouver & District Inter-High School Football League Senior Championships (1934 to 1965) became the Shrine Bowl Provincial Championships (1966 to 1975). The championships were held at the old Empire Stadium (Vancouver) in the province of British Columbia.
During the Shrine Bowl years, all high school football teams started to play by the same American football rules. A small Catholic high school, by the name of Notre Dame Regional Secondary School, became a football powerhouse during those years.
The Shrine Bowl gave way to the American style of ranking schools. Schools are divided into three classes by total enrollment in grades 9-11 only: A (0-337 students), AA(340-618 students), and AAA (619 students and up). The championships then became known as Frank Gnup AAA Provincial Championships and the Gary Scott AA Provincial Championships.
See also.
Delbrook Senior Secondary School
External links.
"Varsity Champions of the Past" [http://www.bchighschoolfootball.com/bcfootball/docs/Varsity_Champions.doc]

</doc>
<doc id="18992003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992003" title="(CH-VOX)">
(CH-VOX)

(Ch-Vox) (pronounced 'chuh-vox') is the third studio album by British experimental rock/electronic band Seefeel. The album was released in 1996 on friend Richard D. James's Rephlex label despite Seefeel still being signed to Warp Records. When Seefeel originally signed with Warp they included a contractual stipulation wherein they would be able to release "(Ch-Vox)" on Rephlex as per a promise made to James. 
"(Ch-Vox)" contains little percussion and brings aural tapestries of processed guitar sounds to the forefront. This album will appeal more to fans of the Drone music genre. "(Ch-Vox)" was released on CD and vinyl LP. 
Following the release of "(Ch-Vox)", Seefeel took an extended leave from releasing material until 2007 with the expanded rerelease of "Quique".

</doc>
<doc id="18992027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992027" title="Southern Pacific 1215">
Southern Pacific 1215

Southern Pacific Railroad (SP) 1215 was originally assigned to the Dunsmiur rail yard near Mt Shasta, locomotive 1215 primarily worked for the Western Division of the Southern Pacific Railroad from Oakland, Sacramento and Bakersfield. The locomotive finished its active career in San Francisco before being retired from service in 1957 and subsequently donated to Hanford, California for a static park display in 1958. The Feather River Railroad Society (FRRS) purchased the engine in 1995 and moved it to their Portola Railroad Museum. The California Trolley and Railroad Corporation (CTRC) acquired the locomotive from FRRS in 2004.
Preservation and restoration.
The CTRC has cosmetically restored the locomotive and it is now on display at the History Park at Kelley Park in San Jose, CA. After the Southern Pacific locomotive 2479's full restoration they'll consider a full working restoration for 1215. When the San Jose Steam Railroad Museum is completed the CTRC will display the locomotive at the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18992044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992044" title="Hıdırellez">
Hıdırellez

Hıdırellez or Hıdrellez (, , , Romani language: Ederlezi) is celebrated as the day on which Prophets Hızır (Al-Khidr) and Ilyas (Elijah) met on the earth. Hıdırellez starts on May 5 night and falls on May 6 in the Gregorian calendar and April 23 in the Julian calendar. It is celebrated in Turkey and throughout the Turkic world. It celebrates the arrival of spring and is a religious holiday for the Alevi as well. Đurđevdan is the Christian variety of this spring festival throughout the Balkans, notably areas which had become under the control of the Ottoman Empire by the end of the 16th century.
Brief summary.
Hıdırellez is regarded as one of the most important seasonal bayrams (festival) in both Turkey and countries above mentioned. Named as Day of Hızır (Ruz-ı Hızır) in Turkey, Hıdırellez is celebrated as the day on which the prophets Hızır (Al-Khdir) and İlyas (Elijah) met on the earth. The words Hızır and İlyas have since fused together pronounced as Hıdırellez. Hıdırellez Day falls on May 6 in the Gregorian calendar and April 23 in the Julian calendar. In other countries such day is mostly related to pagan and Saint George cults. 
'Ayd Al-Khidr is one of the most important social celebrations in Syria and takes place on May 6 in the Gregorian calendar and April 23 in the Julian calendar.
Etymology.
The word Hıdırellez, born out as a compound form of Hızır and İlyas, they are regarded as two different persons. In respect to religious sources, there are several references on İlyas; However, there is no slight mention about Hızır. The perception of seeing Hızır and İlyas as identical arises from the fact that İlyas stands as an obscure figure within the context of Tasavvuf (Sufism) and popular piety when compared to Hızır and there are numerous legends on Hızır, whereas little is known about İlyas and furthermore, there are many great maqams of Hızır, yet there are only few maqams for İlyas. Ali the Fourth Caliph is associated with Hızır within Alevi-Bektaşi belief system.
St. George is the figure corresponding to Hızır in Christianity. Besides being associated with St. George, Hızır is also identified with İlyas Horasani, St. Theodore and St. Sergios. St. George believed to be identical with Hızır, is believed to be similar to some Muslim saints; St. George is identified with Torbalı Sultan and Cafer Baba in Thessaly, Karaca Ahmet Sultan in Skopje, which is a mounting evidence how St. George and Hızır have influenced St. George’s Day and Hıdrellez Day ceremonies.
Other names.
The other names of the element used in different regions of Turkey are “Hıdrellez, Hızır-ilyas, Ederlez, Tepreş, Haftamal, Eğrice”. The element is also known as “Tepreş” among Crimean Tatars who live in Dobrogea (Romania). Dita e Shëngjergjit (Albania), Gergyovden (Bulgaria), Shëngjergji, Gjurgjovden, Erdelezi, Agiu Giorgi, Hıderles (Macedonia), Khider-Elyas (Iraq), khidr-Elyas, Mar Elyas, Mar Georgeos (Syria).
Communities concerned.
It is widely seen that various rituals celebrating the arrival of spring or summer are practiced among many Turkic tribes in Central Asia. To a certain degree, we have information about spring rituals practiced by Yakuts since ancient times. They were performing those rituals in the honor of Tengri (God of the blue sky controlling the heavenly universe). When the earth was dressed in green, they gathered under trees and sacrificed horses or oxen to honor God and then they assembled in the shape of a circle and drank kumiss (beverage of western and central Asia which is made from the fermented milk of a mare or camel -also koumiss-) together. Those celebrations took place in April. Tungusic people practiced those rituals in May and meanwhile they offered sacrifices as white mares to the earth and the sky. Mongols, Kalmyks and Buryats are known to have practiced rituals in spring and summer. Those traditions have been conserved for centuries long. 
It can be said that Turkish people have been quite familiar with rituals practiced in spring and summer seasons according to their belief system, cultural pattern and social life in Central Asia before immigrating to the West (Turkey and Balkans). After converting to Islam, Turks have culturally blended the aforementioned spring and summer celebrations with Hızır cult, who is widely accepted as a supernatural personality closely associated with air, plants and water. The immigrant Turkish peoples were introduced by seasonal celebrations which are, particularly rooted in ancient Anatolian culture, held in spring or early summer and formed under the influence of Christianity. One of those elements is the St. George’s Cult, which was widely known during the era of Christianity in Turkey. While Christianity was predominant religion in Turkey, several pagan cults of those times are attributed to the saints, yet some others are attributed to imaginary ones. Within this context, St. George cult has become influential over the formation of Hızır cult in Turkey and the Balkans. St. George ceremonies, which were celebrated on May 6–8 among Christians in Turkey, Middle East and the Balkan countries, ever since.
Hıdırellez or St. George Day is also celebrated under the name Dita Verës (Summer Day) in Albania which was originated by the pagan cult in the city of Elbasan - the so-called Zana e Çermenikës- the goddess of forest and hunting. It is celebrated on March 14 and symbolizes the end of winter and the beginning of spring and summer. At the same time, in different regions of Albania, it is celebrated among some other communities known as Dita e Shëngjergjit, St. George Day on May 6.
Hıdırellez is widely spread celebration in most Syrian territories, but mainly practiced in the rural areas. We have information about spring rituals practiced since ancient times. Those rituals are the manifestations of the celebration for the arrival of spring and summer. Further of the symbol of spring and resurrection of life that is, so called ever-green, ever-return Alkhidr prophet. Rituals take place annually on May 6. People, Muslims and Christians, regardless of their religious affiliation, celebrate the living Alkhidr prophet that is St. George or Mar Georgeos. The cult of celebration of St. George has become influential over the formation of Eid Alkhidr in Syria as well. The two names are identical. People go to picnic to the natural places, practicing the rituals of celebration, including performing folk music, singing and dancing. In the area of Zabadani for example, people used to gather around a tree aged of about 800 years as a symbol of the ever-return Alkhidr.
Ceremonies and rituals.
There are various theories about the origin of Hızır and Hıdırellez. Various ceremonies and rituals were performed for various gods with the arrival of spring or summer in Mesopotamia, Anatolia, Iran and other Mediterranean countries from ancient times.
One widespread belief suggests that Hızır has attained immortality by drinking the water of life. He often wanders on the earth, especially in the spring, and helps people in difficulty. People see him as a source of bounty and health, as the festival takes place in spring, the time of new life.
To date, the arrival of spring or summer, figuratively meaning the rebirth of nature or the end of winter, has been celebrated with ceremonies or various rituals at every place in which mankind lives. Within the seasonal cycle, winter symbolizes death; spring symbolizes revival or regeneration of life. Thus, time for the days full of hope, health, happiness and success comes. Therefore, Hıdırellez Day is highly significant since it is believed to be the day on which Hızır and İlyas met on the earth, which is accepted as the arrival of spring/ summer.
In Turkey, it is widely believed that Hızır is the prophet who while bringing fertility to man wanders on the earth and as for the prophet İlyas, he is accepted as the water deity. In order to fulfill some of their missions, these two prophets wander around the land and the sea throughout the year and meet on May 6. This meeting stands for the fusion of the land and water.
Today, the ceremonial activities for Hıdırellez are prevalently and elaborately prepared especially in villages or towns rather than metropolises. The preparations for the celebrations are associated with the issues as cleaning the house and the garments, dress, finery and food-drink and doing shopping for the feast. The indoor of the houses and the outdoor places as gardens are supposed to be clean, because Hızır is expected to visit the houses on that day. Almost everywhere, garments and other apparels and food-beverages are common components of Hıdırellez ceremonies. All the preparations related to the ceremonies are of particular concern to the young men or women, since Hıdırellez is regarded as the most proper occasion for the youth-willing to marry in the future-to find a suitable match.
Hıdrellez ceremonies are held in the countryside near the cities, towns or villages where generally streams, lakes or other water springs exist. By great majority, there are tombs or shrines open to visits in those locations which are placed on hills. Bearing the specific features, Hıdırlıks are particularly chosen for Hıdırellez ceremonies.
As Hızır is believed to be a healer, some ritual practices as regards to health issues can be seen on Hıdırellez Day. On that day, meals cooked by lamb meat are traditionally feasted. It is believed that on Hıdırellez Day all kinds or species of the living, plants and trees revive in a new cycle of life, therefore the meat of the lambs grazing on the land which Hızır walks through is assumed as the source of health and happiness. In addition to these, some special meals besides lamb meat are cooked on that day.
The other ritual practice for seeking health and cure is the ritual of jumping over the fire which is built by old belongings or bushes. While uttering prayers and riddles, people jump over the fire at least three times. That fire is called Hıdırellez fire; hence, it is believed that all illnesses or diseases are warded off all the year long. Another ritual practice for having good health on Hıdırellez Day is to be awash or bath by water brought from some holy places.
It is believed that all the wishes and prayers come true on the eve and the very day of Hıdırellez. If one wishes to have more properties, s/he makes a small rough model of it onto the ground in the garden and Hıdırlık. Occasionally, the wishes or prayers are written on a piece of paper and thrown at a river or sea nearby.
Furthermore, within the scope of Hıdırellez ceremonies in Turkey and the countries mentioned, some practices related to seeking for good fortune and luck can be seen. One of those practices is the tradition called “mantufar, martifal etc.”, which is played to have good fortune. On 5th of May, the girls or women seeking for good fortune, luck or a suitable match to marry put their rings, earrings etc. into a pot. Then, the pot is closed after pouring some water into it. Afterwards, the pot is left under a rose tree for one night and the following day, women put the pot in the middle of the crowd and take their belongings out while reciting mâni (rhyming Turkish poems).

</doc>
<doc id="18992066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992066" title="Forensic accountant">
Forensic accountant

Forensic accountants are experienced auditors, accountants, and investigators of legal and financial documents that are hired to look into possible suspicions of fraudulent activity within a company; or are hired by a company who may just want to prevent fraudulent activities from occurring. They also provide services in areas such as accounting, antitrust, damages, analysis, valuation, and general consulting. Forensic accountants have also been used in divorces, bankruptcy, insurance claims, personal injury claims, fraudulent claims, construction, royalty audits, and tracking terrorism by investigating financial records. Many forensic accountants work closely with law enforcement personnel and lawyers during investigations and often appear as expert witnesses during trials.
Tasks Performed.
Forensic accounting or forensic accountancy has been used since the time of the ancient Egyptians when Pharaoh had scribes account for his gold and other assets. These scribes worked in Pharaoh's courts and were charged with fraud prevention and detection. Their role stayed much the same until the turn of the 20th century. As an accountant they must have knowledge of the latest accounting standards and procedures, be proficient in many different Financial Reporting Systems being used, and be able to provide recommendations that will strengthen internal controls. They also need to have an understanding of the different monetary units used internationally due to the different types used in foreign accounts or companies. As an auditor they must perform regular financial audits to prevent possible situations that could lead to fraud. As an attorney they must know the current Federal and State laws and regulations, and should be able to approve or disprove suspicions of fraud. They may also be called to be an expert witness in a court trial so they must be able to communicate well and at a level that is understandable by individuals without accounting knowledge.
As an investigator they must investigate and gather evidence to be presented in a court of law; be able to investigate complaints, allegations, and tips of suspected fraud; must be able to sort, analyze, and compare data in support of an investigation; and must have a working relationship with the investigating and prosecuting agencies involved.
Some forensic accountants specialize in forensic analytics which is the procurement and analysis of electronic data to reconstruct, detect, or otherwise support a claim of financial fraud. The main steps in forensic analytics are (a) data collection, (b) data preparation, (c) data analysis, and (d) reporting. For example, forensic analytics may be used to review an employee's purchasing card activity to assess whether any of the purchases were diverted or divertible for personal use. Forensic analytics might be used to review the invoicing activity for a vendor to identify fictitious vendors, and these techniques might also be used by a franchisor to detect fraudulent or erroneous sales reports by the franchisee.
When acting as an expert witness in court proceedings in Federal Court in the United States a forensic accountant is required to give testimony which is based upon sufficient facts or data and is the product of reliable principles and methods, and they are required to have applied the principles and methods reliably to the facts of the case.
When acting as an expert witness in court proceedings in the United Kingdom a forensic accountant is obliged to give "objective, unbiased opinion on matters within expertise".
For a comparison with French practices, see a study of "Forensic Accountants at Work".
Information Needs.
Forensic accountants need to have a great deal of access to information regarding the company they are investigating or assisting. The information will determine how much a person actually makes, the worth of a business, if there has been fraudulent activity, who committed the fraud, everyone involved, how much was taken from the company, where the money went, and how much can be recovered. Some of the obvious information needs consist of the financial statements, bank statements, credit statements, and computers. Some of the less obvious information needs consist of address books, emails, phone numbers, spreadsheets, electronic memos, and so forth.
Financial Statements.
Financial statements are very important to forensic accountants because they must analyze the information given on the statements and compare that information to other sources. The balance sheet, income statement, statement of owner's equity, and statement of cash flows are the four most important financial statements that forensic accountants look at; however, they also look at business plans and disclosures in footnotes.
The balance sheet shows the financial position of a company at a given point in time. It lists the company's assets, liabilities, and owner's equity while showing the resources of the company. The income statement shows the results of the company's operations during a period of time, revenues minus expenses for a given time period ending at a specified date. The statement of owner's equity, also known as the statement of retained earnings or the equity statement, reconciles the beginning and ending retained earnings for the period, using information such as net income from the other financial statements. The statement of cash flows lists the sources and uses of cash and divides them into operating, investing, and financing activities. They evaluate the company's ability to pay its bills while indicating if there is enough cash for routine operations. Some other financial documents that need to be examined include the general journal, general ledger, sales journal, purchases journal, cash receipts journal and cash disbursements journal.
Even though forensic accountants need to analyze and compare financial statements most cases of fraudulent activity will not be in plain sight. Most fraudulent activity will be hidden and manipulated to the point that forensic accountants must dig deep into the company.
Bank Statements.
Bank statements are also needed in order to investigate a company. The owner's personal bank statements are needed as well as the company's bank statements. If the company is the one who wanted the investigation to be conducted then they most likely suspect an employee. Therefore, bank statements would be needed from the individual being investigated. They will show how much cash is coming into and out of the company. They will also show where the money is going and where it is coming from, who are the clients, and if any money has been transferred to foreign accountants.
Once again, if the owner of the company was performing fraudulent activities then the discrepancies would not be in plain sight; the owner would most likely have foreign accountants with no trace to them. If evidence of a foreign account can be found then there may also be evidence on what the individual has been purchasing with that account, when it was opened, how much has been deposited, and if there is a valid reason for the individual to have a foreign account open. If the company is based overseas, then that alone is reason enough to have a foreign account. However, if it is an individual's personal account and they put the account under a different name (mother's maiden name who died 10 years ago) then there is enough reason to believe the individual is trying to hide something.
Credit Statements.
Credit statements can show evidence that bank statements may not, but once again, the evidence will not be in plain sight. Forensic accountants must look to see if there were any big purchases that do not match the individual's income, for instance, a new vehicle. Credit statements may also reveal that the individual has been taking several exotic vacations over the past few years that are outside of their means.
Education.
A person in this field should have at least 2 years' experience in auditing or accounting and a Bachelor's degree in Accounting or a related field. Most forensic accountants are Certified Forensic Accounting Professional (CFAPs) Certified Public Accountants (CPAs), Chartered Accountants (CAs), Certified Management Accountants or Chartered Professional Accountants (CMA/CPA), Certified Fraud Examiners (CFEs), Certified in Financial Forensics (CFFs), Certified Forensic Accountants (Cr.FAs), Investigative & Forensic Accountants (IFAs); however, some have other professional certifications.
Certified Fraud Examiners (CFEs).
The Association of Certified Fraud Examiners offers the Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE) license for forensic of public accountants involved in fraud prevention, detection, deterrence, and investigation. Individuals must have a bachelor's degree, 2 years of relevant experience, pass a four-part examination, and abide by a code of professional ethics, in order to obtain a CFE, MZ
Certified in Financial Forensics (CFFs).
The American Institute of Public Accountants has a subject matter expertise credential for forensic accountants. The credential is Certified in Financial Forensics ("CFF"). "The CFF credential is granted exclusively to CPAs who demonstrate considerable expertise in forensic accounting through their knowledge, skills, and experience. The CFF encompasses fundamental and specialized forensic accounting skills that CPA practitioners apply in a variety of service areas, including: bankruptcy and insolvency; computer forensic analysis; family law; valuations; fraud prevention, detection, and response; financial statement misrepresentation; and economic damages calculations."
on. The average salary for a forensic accountant in the US is around $74,000.00. A forensic accountant in New York could make up to $102,655.00 while a forensic accountant in Orlando usually only makes $56,071.00.
Forensic accountants must be able to work independently and be able to travel at least 10-15% of the time. Some forensic accountants acting as consultants are not paid on salary and are rather contracted to do a specific task for a company. A decision is made between the organization and the accountant on what is to be paid if the job is done in a specific amount of time and the accountant is paid upon completion. These contracts can range from a few thousand to several million depending on the time taken and the specialized skills, if any, that are needed.
References.
13. Benny K B Kwok, Forensic Accountancy 1st and 2nd editions published by LexisNexis 2002 and 2008

</doc>
<doc id="18992079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992079" title="Minor Cuts and Scrapes in the Bushes Ahead">
Minor Cuts and Scrapes in the Bushes Ahead

Minor Cuts and Scrapes in the Bushes Ahead is a mostly instrumental record by Omar Rodríguez-López released by Willie Anderson Recordings. Recorded in 2001-2002, shortly after completing the Tremulant EP, the album was initially made available only to friends on minidisc format.

</doc>
<doc id="18992083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992083" title="Kije">
Kije

Kije may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18992085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992085" title="Paul Rolland Bebey Kingué">
Paul Rolland Bebey Kingué

Paul Roland (born 9 November 1986, in Douala) is a professional footballer, who currently plays for Bleid-Gaume in the Belgian D3B.
Career.
He signed in June 2006 for Douala Athletic Club. Then played for Les Astres FC In 2011 he played for New Stars de Douala.
Rolland has played for Bleid-Gaume since 2012.
International career.
Bebey competed for the Cameroon national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
He was called for the 2010 CEMAC Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18992087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992087" title="HMVS Victoria">
HMVS Victoria

HMVS "Victoria" is the name of two ships serving in the Victorian Naval Forces, the colonial navy of the colony of Victoria, Australia, which is also the ships' namesake:

</doc>
<doc id="18992088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992088" title="Westley Gough">
Westley Gough

Westley Gough (born 4 May 1988) is a New Zealand professional racing cyclist. In 2011 he won the New Zealand National Road Championships ITT.
Gough was in the New Zealand team that beat Great Britain for gold in the team pursuit at the 2005 World Junior Championships in Austria. He gained a silver medal in the individual pursuit at the 2006 World Junior Championships, and he was part of the quartet that won the silver in the team pursuit behind Australia.
He won a bronze medal in the men's team pursuit event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in China. Gough rode in the team's preliminary events, but made way for Hayden Roulston to join the team in the final. The International Olympic Committee subsequently struck an extra bronze medal for Gough to recognise his contribution to the pursuit team's success. In 2010 Westley Gough won the men's omnium at the New Zealand National Track Championships.
Gough represented New Zealand at the 2010 Commonwealth Games held in Delhi in India.
For the 2014 season, Gough will join the Budget Forklifts squad.

</doc>
<doc id="18992092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992092" title="Théophile Archambault">
Théophile Archambault

Théophile Archambault (February 19, 1806 – December 12, 1863) was a French psychiatrist who was a native of Tours.
He studied in Angers and Paris, where he later worked under psychiatrist Jean-Étienne Dominique Esquirol (1772–1840) in an informal capacity. In 1840 he became assistant to François Leuret (1797–1851) at the Bicêtre hospital, and soon afterwards was tasked with re-organization of the Maréville asylum in Nancy. He spent seven years at Nancy, where he also gave classes on mental pathology at the school of medicine. In 1848 he succeeded Achille-Louis Foville (1799–1878) at the Charenton mental hospital.
Written works.
Archambault spoke fluent English, and in 1840 translated William Charles Ellis' "Treatise on the Nature, Causes, Symptoms and Treatment of Insanity" into French. Other publications by Archambault include:

</doc>
<doc id="18992167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992167" title="2GGO">
2GGO

2GO (call-sign: 2GGO) was the Central Coast’s first commercial radio station. 2GO started on the AM frequency then switched to the current FM107.7 frequency. 2GO supports the Give Me Five For Kids and Little Legends

</doc>
<doc id="18992179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992179" title="Obed Enamorado">
Obed Enamorado

Obed Israel Enamorado Palacios (born 15 September 1985 in Tela, Atlantida, Honduras) is a Honduran footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Liga Nacional de Honduras club Vida.
Club career.
He was the only keeper to be ever-present in the 2011 Apertura season.
International career.
Enamorado played for the Honduras national football team at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18992181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992181" title="List of United States Army campaigns during World War II">
List of United States Army campaigns during World War II

The list of United States Army campaigns during World War II is the official list of campaigns of the United States Army conducted during the Second World War, and entitles units with participated in them to a Campaign streamer on the unit colors or company guidon. Personnel are entitle to wear a campaign ribbon on their uniform. 

</doc>
<doc id="18992186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992186" title="Chichibu Shrine">
Chichibu Shrine

The is a Japanese Shinto shrine at Chichibu in Saitama Prefecture.
History.
According to text in the "Sendai Kuji Hongi" ("Kujiki"), Chichibuhiko-no-mikoto, the tenth-generation descendant of the Kuni no miyatsuko of Chichibu Province, established the shrine in the tenth year of Emperor Sujin to worship Yagokoro-omoikane-no-mikoto. 
The shrine enhrines
During the Kamakura period, the shrine merged with a neighboring temple, and was known as Myōken-gū until the separation of Shinto and Buddhism ("Shinbutsu bunri") in the late-19th century.
In the Edo period, it was one of 34 sacred sites of the old Chichibu Province or Chichibu District.
In the Meiji period it took the name Chichbu Shrine, with the characters 知知夫神社 appearing on the tablet of the "torii". 
In the system of ranked Shinto shrines, Chichibu was listed among the 3rd class of nationally significant shrines or .
The shrine's grounds include a number of subsidiary shrines. A Tenjin Shrine, Tōshō-gū, and a Suwa Shrine are among them.
Events.
The shrine hosts a number of events. The rice-planting festival takes place annually on April 4. The mid-summer Kawase Festival is celebrated on July 19 and 20. The Banba-machi Suwa Shrine festival is not annual, but occasional. It resembles the Onbashira festival of the Suwa Taisha. 
Chichibu's annual night festival draws the biggest crowds. Celebrated in December, it spans the first six days of the month. The parading of floats is listed as part of the national cultural heritage. 
The national government has also recognized the shrine's sacred dance ("kagura") as an important cultural asset. Similar honors have been awarded to its festival music, the floats, buildings and other possessions.

</doc>
<doc id="18992187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992187" title="Taglioni">
Taglioni

Taglioni is the surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="18992191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992191" title="Imrich Chlamtac">
Imrich Chlamtac

Imrich Chlamtac (born 1949, Zlaté Moravce, Slovakia), is the President of CREATE-NET, a European research consortium, primarily in the areas of computer and telecommunication networks. He is also the president of the European Alliance for Innovation.
Education.
Imrich Chlamtac holds a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Minnesota (1979). He received his B.Sci. and M.Sci. degrees in mathematics with Highest Distinction from Tel Aviv University (1977).
Honorary appointments and international awards.
In 1993 Chlamtac was elected Fellow of the IEEE for his work on "ad hoc" access protocols and in 1997 he became a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) for introducing the concept of lightpaths, the foundation for today's optical WDM networks. In 1994 he received the Fulbright Scholarship.
Chlamtac holds several honorary appointments including the Bruno Kessler Honorary Professor, University of Trento, Italy, the Sackler Professorship at Tel Aviv University, Honorary Professorship at the Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, the "University Professorship" at the Budapest University of Technology and Economics (BUTE), Hungary, a Doctor of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences and Honorary Membership of the BUTE Senate.
He is the 2001 recipient of the ACM Award for Outstanding Contributions to Research on Mobility and the 2002 recipient of the IEEE Award for Outstanding Technical Contributions to Wireless Personal Communications. Dr. Chlamtac is a winner of the New Talents in Simulations Award from the Society of Computer Simulation for the concept of network emulators (1980) and the recipient of multiple ACM and an SPIE best paper awards. He has lectured worldwide as IEEE Distinguished Lecturer (1993 and 2000–2001), and was the plenary and keynote speaker at leading conferences.
Industries.
Dr. Chlamtac was recruited by the University of Texas at Dallas in Fall 1996 to build a bridge to Telecom Corridor, the largest concentration of telecommunications companies in US. As Distinguished Chair in Telecommunications endowed professor, the Director of CATSS, and Associate Provost for Research, he was instrumental in building up one of the largest industry-university partnerships funded through TexTec and other successful initiatives.
Dr. Chlamtac is the co-founder and past President of Consip, the first network emulator company, and of "BCN System House Ltd." which was merged into "KFKI System Integration Co. Ltd.", one of the largest system integrator companies in central Europe.
Research.
Dr. Chlamtac is the inventor and principal investigator of BIONETS, a 4 year multi-disciplinary project with a 7 MEuros budget, funded under Future and Emerging Technologies initiative on Situated and Autonomic Communications.
Publications.
Dr. Chlamtac published over 400 papers throughout his research career.
He is the co-author of multiple Books, Book and Encyclopedias Chapters, including the first textbook on LAN-s entitled ""Local Networks: Motivation, Technology and Performance"", the book ""Wireless and Mobile Network Architectures"", which is an IEEE Network Editor's choice, as well as Amazon.com engineering books best-seller, and ""Broadband Services to Businesses and Communities"".
Dr. Chlamtac is the founding Editor in Chief of the ACM/Springer Wireless Networks (WINET), the ACM/Springer Journal on Special Topics in Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET). He served as EiC of the "SPIE Optical Magazine" and was on the editorial boards and advisory boards of "IEEE Transactions on Communications", "Computer Networks and ISDN Systems", "High Speed Networks Journal", "Telecommunication Systems", the "Photonic Network Communications Journal" and the "Journal of Graph Algorithms and Applications".

</doc>
<doc id="18992225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992225" title="David Daniel Álvarez">
David Daniel Álvarez

David Daniel Álvarez Martínez (born on 5 December 1985 in Honduras) is a Honduran football defender.
Club career.
Nicknamed "Colingo", Álvarez played for Marathón, Savio, by whom he was released before the 2009 Clausura, Hispano where he was dismissed after suffering from dengue and the Guatemalan second division before he joined Motagua in January 2011 before the 2011 Clausura. He was however immediately sidelined through injury but was able to resume playing after a month. He was released by Motagua in June 2011.
International career.
He was a member of the Honduran national team, he also played at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18992235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992235" title="Young River (Western Australia)">
Young River (Western Australia)

The Young River is a river in Western Australia that rises south of the Frank Hann National Park then flows in a south easterly direction for a distance of before flowing into Stokes Inlet which discharges into the Southern Ocean.
The only two tributaries to the river are Cascade Creek and Yerritup Creek.
History.
The area around the Young River were used by Aborigines as a travel route through the region. The river provides some permanent water-pools along its course in an otherwise semi-arid landscape.
Many freshwater soaks exist along the banks of the river that acted as popular camp-sites for the Aborigines. Six known sites exist along the water course with several stone artefacts being found.
The Young river is thought to be the boundary between two Aboriginal peoples, the Wudjaarri in the west and the Nyungarra to the east.
John Septimus Roe, the Surveyor General, named the Young river after the Governor of South Australia while on expedition in the area in 1835.
Since the 1950s it is estimated that approximately 60% of the land has been cleared in the Young River catchment area for agricultural purposes. 
The Department of the Environment installed four gauging stations along the river, the first in 1970, to measure discharge and water quality.

</doc>
<doc id="18992243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992243" title="Maria-Ward-Schule, Bad Homburg">
Maria-Ward-Schule, Bad Homburg

The (abbreviation: "MWS"; ) is a private school for girls in Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Hesse, Germany.
The eponym is Mary Ward (1585–1645). The school has approximate 28 teachers and 400 students.

</doc>
<doc id="18992246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992246" title="Anne Valérie Hash">
Anne Valérie Hash

Anne Valerie Hash () (born 1971) is a French Haute Couture Designer.
She graduated from the Chambre Syndicale de la Couture Parisienne in 1995, and designed for such other labels as Nina Ricci, Chloé, and Chanel. In 1995, she opened a small bridal business. Five years later, she became business partners with Philippe Elkoubi, and launched a signature collection of handmade and ready-to-wear pieces, inspired by 14-year-old Parisian, Lou Liza Lesage. She presented her first collection in 2001.
For the 2014 Fall fashion season, her label will not present any collection. 

</doc>
<doc id="18992270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992270" title="Jill Biden">
Jill Biden

Jill Tracy Biden (née Jacobs, previously Stevenson; born June 3, 1951) is an American educator and, as the wife of the 47th and current U.S. Vice President Joe Biden, is the Second Lady of the United States.
She was born in Hammonton, New Jersey, and grew up in Willow Grove, Pennsylvania. She married Joe Biden in 1977 and became stepmother to his two young sons from his first marriage, Beau and Hunter, whose mother and baby sister died in a car accident. Joe and Jill Biden have a daughter, Ashley, born in 1981.
Jill Biden has a bachelor's degree from the University of Delaware, master's degrees from West Chester University and Villanova University and a doctoral degree from the University of Delaware. She taught English and reading in high schools for 13 years, and also taught adolescents with emotional disabilities at a psychiatric hospital. From 1993 to 2008, she was an English and writing instructor at Delaware Technical & Community College. Since 2009, she has been a professor of English at Northern Virginia Community College and is thought to be the first Second Lady to hold a paying job while her husband is Vice President. She is the founder of the Biden Breast Health Initiative non-profit organization, co-founded the Book Buddies program, and is active in Delaware Boots on the Ground.
Early life.
Jill Tracy Jacobs was born in Hammonton, New Jersey on June 3, 1951. Moving several times while very young, she and her four younger sisters spent the majority of their childhood in Willow Grove, Pennsylvania. Her father, Donald C. Jacobs (1927–1999), was a bank teller who became head of a savings and loan in Chestnut Hill, Pennsylvania. His family name had originally been Giacoppa before her Italian grandfather anglicized it. Her mother, Bonny Jean Jacobs (1930–2008), was a homemaker. The family was not particularly religious, but in ninth grade, Jacobs independently took classes in order to join the Presbyterian church.
Jacobs always intended to have her own career. She began working at age 15, which included waitressing at the Jersey Shore. She attended Upper Moreland High School, where she was somewhat rebellious and enjoyed her social life, but always liked English class. She graduated in 1969.
Education and career, marriage and family.
Jacobs enrolled in a junior college in Pennsylvania to study fashion merchandising, but soon found it unsatisfying. She married Bill Stevenson, a former college football player, in February 1970. Within a couple of years he opened the Stone Balloon in Newark, Delaware, near the University of Delaware. It became one of the most successful college bars in the nation. 
She enrolled at the University of Delaware, where she declared English as her major. She then took a year off from college and did some modelling work for a local agency in Wilmington. She and Stevenson drifted apart. 
Subsequently, she returned to college and met Senator Joe Biden as a senior at Delaware in March 1975. They met on a blind date set up by Joe's brother, though Biden had seen her photograph in a local advertisement. She graduated with a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Delaware later in 1975. She began her career teaching high school English. Meanwhile, she was going through turbulent divorce proceedings with Stevenson; the court case ended in 1976, with her not getting the half-share in the Stone Balloon she had wanted.
She and Joe Biden were married on June 17, 1977, at the Chapel at the United Nations in New York City. This was four and a half years after his first wife and infant daughter died in a motor vehicle accident; Joe had proposed several times before she accepted, hesitant to take on the commitment of raising his two young sons who survived the accident. She continued to teach and then, while pregnant, received a Master of Education with a specialty in Reading from West Chester University in 1981. The Bidens' daughter Ashley Blazer was born on June 8, 1981, and Jill stopped working for two years while raising the three children.
She then returned to work, teaching English, acting as a reading specialist, and teaching history to emotionally disturbed students. She taught in the adolescent program at the Rockford Center psychiatric hospital for five years in the 1980s. In 1987, Biden received a second Master of Arts degree, this one in English from Villanova University. During her husband's 1988 bid for the Presidency, she said she would continue her job of teaching emotionally disturbed children even if she became First Lady. In all, she spent 13 years teaching in public high school, including 3 years at Claymont High School.
From 1993 through 2008, Biden was an instructor at the Stanton/Wilmington campus of Delaware Technical & Community College, where she taught English composition and remedial writing, with an emphasis on instilling confidence in students. She has said of teaching at a community college, "I feel like I can make a greater difference in their lives. I just love that population. It just feels really comfortable to me. I love the women who are coming back to school and getting their degrees, because they're so focused."
Biden is president of the Biden Breast Health Initiative, a nonprofit organization begun in 1993 that provides educational breast health awareness programs free of charge to schools and other groups in the state of Delaware. In the following 15 years, the organization informed more than 7,000 high school girls about proper breast health. In 2007, Biden helped found Book Buddies, which provides books for low-income children, and has been very active in Delaware Boots on the Ground, an organization that supports military families. She runs five miles, five times a week, and she has run in the Marine Corps Marathon.
Biden later returned to school for her doctoral degree, studying under her birth name, Jill Jacobs. In January 2007, at age 55, she received a Doctor of Education in educational leadership from the University of Delaware. Her dissertation, "Student Retention at the Community College: Meeting Students' Needs", was published under the name Jill Jacobs-Biden.
Role in 2008 presidential campaign.
Following George W. Bush's reelection in 2004, she urged her husband to run again for President, later saying: "I literally wore black for a week. I just could not believe that he won, because I felt that things were already so bad. I was so against the War. And I said to Joe, 'You've got to change this, you have to change this.'" During Joe Biden's 2008 campaign to be the Democratic nominee, she continued to teach during the week and would join him for campaigning on weekends. She said that she would have taken an activist role in addressing education as her chief focus of concern as a potential First Lady. She also said that she was basically apolitical and would not seek inclusion in Cabinet meetings.
Once her husband was selected as the Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama's running mate, she began campaigning again.
She wore a Blue Star Mothers Club pin in recognition of Beau Biden's deployment to Iraq. She was not a polished political speaker, but was able to establish a connection with the audience. She also made some joint appearances with Michelle Obama. Throughout the time her husband was running for vice president, Jill Biden continued to teach four days a week at Delaware Technical & Community College during the fall 2008 semester, and then campaigned over the long weekend, while grading class papers on the campaign bus.
Second Lady of the United States.
Despite moving to Number One Observatory Circle (the vice presidential residence in Washington) as Second Lady of the United States, Biden intended to keep teaching at a Washington-area community college, and several of them recruited her. In January 2009, she began teaching two English courses as an adjunct professor at the Alexandria campus of Northern Virginia Community College (NOVA), the second largest community college in the nation. It has been rare for Second Ladies to work while their spouses serve as Vice President, and Biden is thought to be the first Second Lady to hold a paying job while her husband is Vice President. Biden planned to be a public advocate for the importance of community colleges and to advise the Obama administration on issues related to them. In White House announcements and by her preference, she is referred to as "Dr. Jill Biden".
Catherine Russell, a former adviser to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, was named Biden's chief of staff for her Second Lady role. Courtney O’Donnell, a former spokesperson for Howard Dean and Elizabeth Edwards, was named her communications director and Kirsten White, a lawyer at Morgan, Lewis & Bockius, her policy director. As Second Lady, Biden has a staff of eight overall and occupies a corner suite in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building.
On "The Oprah Winfrey Show" just before the inauguration, Jill Biden said that Barack Obama had offered her husband either the Vice-Presidency or the position of U.S. Secretary of State. However, Joe Biden's spokesperson stated that Biden had only been offered one job by Obama. In May 2009, Obama announced that Biden would be in charge of an initiative to raise awareness about the value of community colleges.
In June 2009, Biden gave the commencement address at Kingsborough Community College in Brooklyn, New York, and received an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree from the City University of New York. Biden continued teaching two English reading and writing classes at NOVA in fall 2009. In January 2010, she gave the commencement speech at the University of Delaware's winter commencement, the first such address by her at a major university. In August 2010, Biden appeared as herself in an episode of Lifetime's "Army Wives", making it part of her campaign to raise awareness of military families. In April 2011, she and Michelle Obama joined to start a national initiative to showcase the needs of U.S. military families. In September 2011, Biden lent her support to USAID's FWD campaign, a push for awareness surrounding the deadly famine, war, and drought affecting over 13 million people in the Horn of Africa. She continued to teach at NOVA, and by 2011 held a permanent position as an associate professor, teaching three English and writing composition courses two days per week. Her position there was as normal as she could make it, sharing a cubicle with another teacher, holding regular office hours for students, and trying to get her accompanying Secret Service agents to dress as unobviously as possible. Her life with her husband at Number One Observatory Circle tended towards the informal and was centered around family and their nearby grandchildren. In June 2012, she published a children's book, "Don't Forget, God Bless Our Troops", based around her stepson's deployment.
In the 2012 U.S. presidential election, in which her husband was running for re-election as vice president, Biden played a modest role. She did not cut back on her teaching schedule and made few solo campaign appearances. This reflected her continuing distaste for both politics and public speaking, even though the Obama campaign considered her valuable in connecting to military families, teachers, and women. Following the re-election of Obama and her husband on November 6, 2012, Biden began a second term as second lady. She wore a silk blue gown by Vera Wang when she appeared at the inaugural balls in January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18992273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992273" title="CenturyLink India">
CenturyLink India

CenturyLink India (previously known Qwest Software Services) is a software development center situated in Bangalore and Noida, and is a wholly owned subsidiary of CenturyLink. Its primary responsibility is to help CenturyLink with telecom projects in the OSS and BSS space.
The company was established in India in September 2003. Over the years its has grown into a 1000 employee strong organization working out of its Outer Ring Road, Bangalore offices. In August 2009, it was certified as a CMMi Level 3 software development center. In March 2010, a new state-of-the-art development center was inaugurated in Noida.
It supports CenturyLink in Networks, BMG, Mass Markets, Consumer Markets and other domains. It has played a crucial role in building IT systems for the Federal GSA NetworX program.

</doc>
<doc id="18992290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992290" title="David Bulow">
David Bulow

David Bulow (born February 4, 1980 in Denver, Colorado) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Richmond Kickers in the USL Professional Division.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Bulow attended Bowdoin College where he played on the school’s NCAA Division III men’s soccer team from 1998 to 2001. He holds the record for most goals in a season with seventeen and is second on the career goals list with thirty-two. He was a 2001 third team All-American. 
From 2001 to 2004, he played for the Cape Cod Crusaders in the USL Premier Development League. He led them to the league championship in 2002 and 2003, and in 2004 he scored twenty-one goals in eighteen games.
Professional.
In the fall of 2004, Bulow had a brief stint with Limavady United in the Irish Football League. In September 2005, he signed with Limavady United in Northern Ireland, before transferring to the Dungannon Swifts for the remainder of the 2005-2006 season. That season, the Swifts won the Mid-Ulster Cup. At the end of the season, he returned to the Cape Cod Crusaders for the 2006 PDL season where he served as an assistant coach was well as a player. 
At the end of the season, he transferred to the Richmond Kickers of the USL Second Division, in time to win the USL-2 championship. He then returned to Dungannon Swifts for the 2006-2007 Northern Ireland season. In June 2007, he signed with the Richmond Kickers of the USL Second Division and spent the next three seasons with the team, scoring 25 goals in 51 appearances, and helping he team to the 2009 USL2 Championship.
Bulow was released by Richmond at the end of 2009, and signed for the Real Maryland Monarchs in 2010. After one season in Maryland, Bulow signed a multi-year contract on January 4, 2011 to play for Richmond Kickers and coach for the Richmond Kickers Youth Soccer Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18992295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992295" title="European Mountain Running Championships">
European Mountain Running Championships

The European Mountain Running Championships is an annual international mountain running race. Inaugurated in 2002, it is organised by the European Athletic Association (EAA) in July each year. The venue for the championships is changed each year.
The history of the competition lies in the European Mountain Running Trophy, which was first held in 1994. It was officially sanctioned by the World Mountain Running Association in 1995 and continued until 2001, at which point the EAA introduced the official European Mountain Running Championships.
A senior championships until 2009, the competition now features separate senior and junior (under 20s) races for both men and women. Medals are awarded on an individual and national team basis. For the team competition, the finishing positions of each country's top three runners are combined, and the team with the smallest cumulative total wins the medals.

</doc>
<doc id="18992305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992305" title="Keith Knight (actor)">
Keith Knight (actor)

Keith Knight (January 20, 1956 – August 22, 2007) was a Canadian actor. He made his screen debut as Larry 'Fink' Finkelstein in the 1979 comedy "Meatballs", voiced the White Rabbit in "The Care Bears Adventure in Wonderland", and voiced Pigface in the BBC drama "Ace Lightning". Knight was also known for voicing Lowly Worm in "The Busy World of Richard Scarry". He was also the voice of Moldy Van Oldy in the hit series, Erky Perky.
Knight died of brain cancer at his home in Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="18992309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992309" title="Green Rock Energy">
Green Rock Energy

Green Rock Energy Limited () is an Australian company which is exploring geothermal energy resources and the development of low-emission, base load, renewable energy. In South Australia, the company has seven geothermal exploration licences (GELs) totalling and two GEL applications surrounding Olympic Dam Mine and the Roxby Downs township. The company also has a geothermal project in Hungary.
Unlike burning fossil fuels, geothermal energy emits no greenhouse gases, pollution or hazardous wastes.

</doc>
<doc id="18992317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992317" title="Gesamtschule am Gluckenstein">
Gesamtschule am Gluckenstein

The (abbreviation: "GaG"; ) is a "Gesamtschule" (comprehensive school) in Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Hesse, Germany.
The school has approximate 70 teachers and more than 800 students. In school year 2006/2007 the school time at the ' at the was reduced from nine to eight years. So the students get their ' after twelve school years totally, not thirteen years more. But in school year 2008/2009 the school has decided to reintroduce the thirteen school years at the "".

</doc>
<doc id="18992322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992322" title="2008 Swat Valley bombing">
2008 Swat Valley bombing

The 23 August 2008 Swat Valley bombing occurred on 23 August 2008 when a suicide bomber rammed an explosive-laden car into a police station in Charbagh Tehsil of Swat valley of North West Frontier Province killing 20 people. The Tehrik-e-Taleban organisation claimed responsibility.

</doc>
<doc id="18992326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992326" title="Flat route">
Flat route

A flat route is an American football route, used in passing plays. A flat route is usually run by a running back or a fullback. The eligible receiver runs parallel to the line of scrimmage till near the sidelines and turns toward the quarterback to wait for the pass. The QB's pass should arrive when he has not yet passed the line of scrimmage. The receiver will then turn upfield at the sideline and run straight down the field.
The route is used with long post, long corner or fly routes, so the safeties and the cornerbacks should be upfield when the pass is caught by the RB or FB. There should be a linebacker covering the RB/FB on these kind of plays, which is likely to be an easy match for an elusive runner like the running back.

</doc>
<doc id="18992327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992327" title="The Queen's Guards">
The Queen's Guards

"The Queen's Guards" is a 1961 military drama film directed by Michael Powell from a script by Simon Harcourt-Smith and Roger Milner. It stars Daniel Massey, Raymond Massey, Robert Stephens, and Ursula Jeans.
Plot.
The film tells the story of John Fellowes (Daniel Massey), an officer in the Grenadier Guards as he prepares for the Trooping the Colour ceremony. John is the son of retired guardsman Capt. Fellowes (Raymond Massey) and Mrs. Fellowes (Ursula Jeans). John's older brother was also a Guards officer, but he was killed in action and John feels he is being forced to follow in his brother's footsteps.
The film follows John through his training where he makes some mistakes in an exercise and is told that it was a mistake like that which got his brother and a lot of his men killed. But he makes friends with Henry Wynne-Walton (Robert Stephens) and Henry is invited home to meet Mr. and Mrs. Fellowes. Mr. Fellowes is quite fanatical about the Guards. The eldest son in the family has been a Guards officer for as long as anyone can remember, and they even live next door to the Guards barracks in London.
Capt. Fellowes is disabled, his legs don't work and he hauls himself around the house by hooking canes into loops on an overhead rail. This system was designed by the elder brother that John is always expected to live up to. His mother thinks that the elder brother is just "missing in action" and will return someday. The father knows he's really dead but never seems to give John a chance.
John is dating Ruth (Judith Stott), the daughter of George Dobbie (Ian Hunter), a haulage contractor. When John goes to see Mr. Dobbie he tells John that he was fighting in the desert and was let down by a platoon of Guards that were meant to hold a certain position – the platoon that was led by John's brother.
John leads an assault on a desert fortress held by some rebels. To constant thoughts about how his brother died, John manages to defend against a counter-attack until Henry arrives with his men in their armoured scout vehicles. The mission is a success. John has managed to do what his elder brother could not.
Back in London, all is in readiness for the Trooping the Colour ceremony. Mr. Dobbie overcomes his dislike of the Guards to accompany Ruth to the ceremony. Capt. Fellowes manages to haul himself upstairs to see the ceremony out of the window. John is given the honour of commanding the colour party.
Production.
"The Queen's Guards" was made after Michael Powell had made "Peeping Tom" but before it was released. When "Peeping Tom" was released there was such an outcry that Powell never managed to direct another feature film in Britain.
Though released as "A CinemaScope Picture" with a CinemaScope credit at the beginning of the film, "The Queen's Guards" was filmed in Technirama. 35mm Technirama release prints were compatible with CinemaScope release prints.
The intention of this film appears to have been to promote the Guards regiment in some way. Powell was certainly given access to the Guards barracks and to their training areas on Salisbury Plain. He was given permission to include many sequences of real guardsmen at the Trooping of the Colour But the production, especially the plot, is very scrappy with many details left unexplained
The Guards and The Colours.
The soldiers in the red uniforms with the Bearskins (not Busbys) and the ones on horseback outside Buckingham Palace and at Horse Guards Parade (and on postcards from London) are members of the Regiments of Guards, originally the sovereign's own troops, and some of the oldest regiments in the British Army. They perform most of the ceremonial duties at state occasions, but they are not just "toy soldiers" intended only for public display. They are fighting regiments that also do ceremonial duties. One of the main aims of the film was to show this.
There are two mounted regiments of guards, the Life Guards and the Blues and Royals. There are five regiments of foot, the Grenadier Guards, the Coldstream Guards, the Scots, Welsh and Irish Guards. The mounted regiments can be differentiated by the colour of their uniforms (Life Guards – red, Blues & Royals – blue) and the regiments of foot by the arrangement of their buttons (and their cap badges and collar tabs if you get close enough). Grenadiers have evenly spaced buttons on the front of their tunics, Coldstream have buttons in pairs, Scots in threes, Irish in fours and Welsh in fives.
In their combat roles, the Guards are light armoured and reconnaissance troops. In "A Bridge Too Far", Michael Caine lead a squadron of Irish Guards to spearhead the ground-based push towards Arnhem.
The ceremony of "Trooping the Colour" dates back to the distant past. "The Colour" is the regimental flag with all their battle honours on it. So that they could properly recognise and thus know which side they were on and where they should rally, the Colour would be paraded (trooped) in front of the regiment in a special parade before a battle. This was then turned into a ceremony. Because of the importance attached to the Colour, it is considered a great honour to be the soldier actually carrying it (the ensign), one of the Colour party protecting it, or to be in charge of the Colour party.
Reception.
"The Queen's Guards" almost entirely disappeared after its initial release. Contemporary reviews of it were not kind, and it had only a short run in cinemas, and was shown on British television just once.

</doc>
<doc id="18992334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992334" title="Nakseongdae">
Nakseongdae

Nakseongdae ( 낙성대, 落星垈) is a park located in Gwanak, Seoul. It is the birthplace of General Gang Gamchan in Goryeo Dynasty.
Etymology.
Nakseongdae means "the place where a star was fallen" in Classical Chinese. The star means general Gang Gamchan, who became the hero to defeat the large force of Khitan (Liao dynasty). It is originated from the legend that General Gam's mother bore him after she had dreamed that a star was fallen to her breast.
History.
In 1972, this places was designated as Seoul City Historical Legacy No.4. In 1973-1974, Anguksa Shrine (安國祠) was constructed. This shrine is dedicated to General Gam. Stone wall of 409 meter circumference was built to surround it. And in front of the shrine, a bronze statue of General Gam was built. There stands a pagoda of 4.48m height which was made in 13C. It is said that Japanese soldiers during Japanese invasions of Korea (1592–1598) destroyed this pagoda and robbed the treasures hidden inside. And they damaged this site to humiliate General Gam and Korean patriotism.
Surroundings.
Seoul National University, the most prominent university of South Korea moved from downtown of Seoul near to Nakseongdae in the year 1977. So the rear gate of Seoul National University is very close to Nakseongdae. The International Vaccine Institute (IVI) and the SNU dormitory are very closely located to Nakseongdae.
And near the park is Nakseongdae Station of Seoul Subway Line 2. 
Since "Nakseongdae" sounds like acronym of "Nakseong University" in the Korean language, "Nakseongdae" becomes a nickname of SNU.

</doc>
<doc id="18992371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992371" title="The Real Shaolin">
The Real Shaolin

The Real Shaolin is a 2008 documentary film directed by Alexander Sebastien Lee. The Real Shaolin follows the story of two Chinese and two Westerners who journey to the Shaolin Temple in China, inspired by the legends portrayed in Kung Fu movies with Bruce Lee and Jet Li. In the course of excruciating martial arts training, their fantasies to become Kung Fu warriors collide with harsh reality, as the Shaolin Temple is the ultimate test for martial artists from all over the world.
The Real Shaolin had its World Premiere at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival, and USA Premiere and winner of Special Jury Prize for Best Documentary at the 2009 Los Angeles Asian Pacific Film Festival. The Real Shaolin has played in festivals around the world including Hawaii International Film Festival, Doc NZ (New Zealand), Planet Doc Review (Poland), San Diego Asian Film Festival, and the DC Asian Pacific American Film Festival. In October 2009, The Real Shaolin premiered at New York City's IFC Center for the documentary screening series Stranger than Fiction
The Real Shaolin was broadcast on Television in France and Germany on Arte, in the Netherlands on Holland Doc 24, in Israel on Yes (Israel) Satellite TV, in Poland on Against Gravity, and on Air Canada flights.

</doc>
<doc id="18992375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992375" title="Tammany (disambiguation)">
Tammany (disambiguation)

Tammany or Tamanend was a Native American leader.
Tammany may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18992388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992388" title="Denmark–Turkey relations">
Denmark–Turkey relations

Denmark–Turkey relations refer to current and historical relations between Denmark and Turkey. Denmark has an embassy in Ankara, and Turkey has an embassy in Copenhagen. Both countries are members of NATO. Diplomatic relations between Denmark and Turkey are strained because of the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy and Roj TV affair.
History.
These relations date back 250 years and actually started in the field of trade in 18th century. On 14 October 1756, an "Agreement of Friendship and Trade" was signed by the Sultan Osman III and the King Frederick V. In 1758, Denmark has appointed an extraordinary representative to the Ottoman Empire.
Thirty Years' War.
From 1618 to 1648, Denmark and the Ottoman Empire fought together against the Holy Roman Empire as allies, from 1618 to 1629. In 1643, Denmark aligned with the Catholic powers against Ottoman Empire and Sweden.
Great Northern War.
In the Great Northern War, Denmark and the Ottoman Empire were at war against each other.
French Revolutionary Wars.
In the War of the Second Coalition, Denmark and the Ottoman Empire were at war against each other.
Napoleonic Wars.
Both Denmark, France and the Ottoman Empire were allies during the Napoleonic Wars fron 1803 to 1815, against United Kingdom, Austria, Russia and Sweden.
20th century.
During the Turkish–Armenian War in 1920, Denmark acted as a mediator in the war between Armenia and Turkey.
A commercial agreement was signed in Ankara (Angora) in 1926. A "Treaty of Establishment, Commerce and Navigation" was signed between Denmark and Turkey in 1930. In 1932, both countries signed a conciliation treaty in Geneva, Switzerland. In 1948, a payment agreement were signed.
On 26 November 1999, a "Joint Action Plan" cooperation in politics, security and defense was signed when Turkish Foreign Minister Ismail Cem visited Denmark.
Cartoon crisis.
Bilateral relations between Denmark and Turkey were strained, when Danish newspaper "Jyllandsposten" published cartoons of the Prophet Muhammed. Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan condemned the publication, and criticized Denmark. Erdoğan was quoted in the Turkish press saying: "Caricatures of prophet Muhammad are an attack against our spiritual values. There should be a limit of freedom of press."
Roj TV affair.
Turkey claims the channel is a mouthpiece for the Kurdistan Workers Party, whom they regard as a terrorist organization, and have lobbied the Danish government to revoke Roj TV's broadcasting license. A Turkish Foreign Ministry official stated: "We know for sure that Roj TV is part of the PKK, a terrorist organization... PKK is listed as a terrorist organization by the EU. Denmark is a member of the EU, and we would expect that the broadcasting organization of a terrorist group would not be given a free pass."
While the station's general manager, Manouchehr Tahsili Zonoozi, an Iranian Kurd, acknowledges that the station maintains contact with the PKK, he characterizes it as an independent Kurdish broadcaster, which is not under the control of the PKK. The Turkish authorities have repeatably made formal complaints to the Danish Radio and Television Board regarding Roj TV, but to date none of the complaints have been upheld by the Board, who have ruled that the TV channel has not violated any rules over which the Board has regulatory power.
As part of the United States diplomatic cables leak of November 2010, a diplomatic message surfaced that referred to a Turkish representative's claim that, "as part of the 2009 POTUS-brokered deal that had overcome Turkish objections to the appointment of Anders Fogh Rasmussen as NATO Secretary General, Denmark had promised to clarify its legal requirements prerequiste to acceding to Turkey's request for the closure of Roj TV"
Economic relations.
The economic relations favours the Turkish exports. In 2004, Turkish exports to Denmark rose by 40%. The current value of trade stands at $979.6m US dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="18992390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992390" title="Bishia">
Bishia

Bishia is a small locality in western Eritrea.
Transport.
It is the end of the Eritrean Railway line from Asmara, though the line did briefly extend through to Sudan. However the railway no longer extends here, having been damaged during the Eritrean-Ethiopian War. The railway has been rehabilitated between the Red Sea and Asmara but has not been rebuilt up to Bishia.

</doc>
<doc id="18992398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992398" title="King in Council (Sweden)">
King in Council (Sweden)

King in Council, or Royal Majesty, (most formally "Konungen i Statsrådet", but a term for it most often used in legal documents was Kunglig Majestät or short form Kungl.Maj:t or K.M:t. in Swedish) was a term of constitutional importance that was used in Sweden before 1975 when the 1974 Instrument of Government came into force.
"Royal Majesty" denoted several functions, but most importantly, it was the commonly used term that designated the supreme executive authority under the 1809 Instrument of Government: where the King made all decisions of state in the presence of his cabinet ministers. The 1974 Instrument of Government removed the Monarch from all exercise of formal political powers and created its successor: the Government () chaired and led in all aspects by the Prime Minister.
History of the term "Kunglig Majestät".
The term "Kunglig Majestät" was earliest in use in Sweden in the 16th century, when the King of Sweden and other kings in Europe began to use the title Majesty, which only the Holy Roman Emperor earlier used. The prefix "Royal" was probably added to differ the title from the Imperial Majesty.
Originally the term "Kunglig Majestät" therefore referred to the Monarch personally but later only to him (her) as a Sovereign in the Privy Council (Council of State) (Swedish: "Statsrådet" "Council of State", before 1789 "Riksrådet" "Council of the Realm").
Most commonly, decisions in the council required the king's formal participation. But when the king was away in other countries, or in remote parts within the country, the Council of State could reign in his name (sections 39–43 in the Instrument of Government 1809). After 1863, the heir apparent, or if he was prevented, the nearest in line to the throne, could reign as Regent (Swedish: "Regent") in the king's name. When there was no person in line to the throne available, the Council of State alone again could reign in the king's or the crown's name. The same rules are today used in the new Instrument of Government when the king is prevented to fulfil his duties, but the title now is "riksföreståndare," instead of Regent. "Riksförståndare" is a historic Swedish title with medieval roots.
The term "Kunglig Majestät" was also used by three courts acting on the king's behalf and using the king's seal according to section 23 in the 1809 Instrument of Government. This was a remnant from the Judicial committee – "Justitierevisionen" ("the Justice revision") of the Privy Council or the Council of the Realm (Swedish: "Riksrådet"), before the Supreme Court was established in 1789.
The different uses of the term "Kunglig Majestät" were thus:
Current usage.
Today it is used by the chapter of the Royal Order of the Seraphim Knights of Sweden which in Swedish is called "Kunglig Majestäts Orden" or "Orders of His Majesty the King".

</doc>
<doc id="18992432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992432" title="Palace Theatre, Melbourne">
Palace Theatre, Melbourne

The Palace Theatre (also known as The Palace), is an entertainment venue located in Melbourne, Australia. Established in 1860, it is one of the entertainment venues located in Melbourne’s business and tourism district.
On Wednesday 28 April 2010, the Palace Theatre played host to MTV Classic: The Launch. The event celebrated the launch of MTV Classic Australia and featured a line-up of local and international artists including former Guns N' Roses guitarist Slash, Angry Anderson and Wolfmother rocker Andrew Stockdale.

</doc>
<doc id="18992439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992439" title="Alexander Sebastien Lee">
Alexander Sebastien Lee

Alexander Sebastien Lee is an American actor and award-winning filmmaker born and raised in Los Angeles, California. Lee was raised by his Korean mother Yuri Lee, who exposed him from an early age to the films of Akira Kurosawa, Zhang Yimou, and Claude Berri. In his teens, Lee studied theater in London at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts, and at age 18, he lived in Paris and studied French language, art and civilization at the Sorbonne University. Lee later returned to Los Angeles and studied film production at the USC School of Cinematic Arts
An avid martial artist, after graduation Lee journeyed to the Shaolin Temple in China to train in Kung Fu for several months. Lee's expectations of the legendary temple differed greatly from what he found. Lee's experience forged an idea to film a documentary that demystifies the modern day Shaolin Temple. Lee's feature debut, entitled "The Real Shaolin", had its world premiere at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival. The Real Shaolin was also won the Special Jury Prize for Best Documentary at the 2009 Los Angeles Asian Pacific Film Festival

</doc>
<doc id="18992447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992447" title="Poezii (Macedonski)">
Poezii (Macedonski)

Poezii (Romanian for "Poems") is an 1882 collection of poetry by the Romanian poet Alexandru Macedonski. It contains the following poems:

</doc>
<doc id="18992477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992477" title="Maja Włoszczowska">
Maja Włoszczowska

Maja Martyna Włoszczowska (born November 9, 1983 in Warsaw) is a Polish mountain biker. She became world champion in Elite cross-country mountain biking in 2010. In the 2011 world championships Maja looked like she was about to retain the title, but finished in second place after losing over a minute to the eventual winner Catharine Pendrel due to a flat tire.
For her sport achievements, she received: <br>
The Race.
Since 2009 Maja Włoszczowska has lent her name to a cross country race in her home town of Jelenia Góra, called Jelenia Góra Trophy Maja Włoszczowska MTB Race. Riders such as Miguel Martinez, Catharine Pendrel or Mary McConneloug have taken part in it.

</doc>
<doc id="18992492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992492" title="Haworthia cymbiformis">
Haworthia cymbiformis

Haworthia cymbiformis is a species of the genus "Haworthia" in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae.
Plants are small with a rosette. The leaves are thick and light green.
The main characteristic of this species is that the ends of the leaves are transparent. In the wild, the sun is very bright, and the plant grows mostly buried by sand with only these transparent tips above the ground.
Some other genus such as Fenestraria also have transparent leaf tips.

</doc>
<doc id="18992508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992508" title="Excelsior (Macedonski)">
Excelsior (Macedonski)

Excelsior (1895-1897) is the title of a collection of poetry by the Romanian poet Alexandru Macedonski. It contains the following poems: 

</doc>
<doc id="18992528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992528" title="Martín de Mujica y Buitrón">
Martín de Mujica y Buitrón

Martin de Mujica y Buitrón, also known as Martin de Mogica or Muxica (Villafranca (now Ordizia), Gipuzkoa - † Santiago, Chile, April 1649); Spanish Basque military man who was named by king Philip IV of Spain, to be Captain General and Royal Governor of Chile, besides president of its Real Audiencia. His government was from May 1646 and April 1649, when he died, apparently poisoned. Frequently described as an honest administrator. He looked for peace with the mapuches, celebrating the Parliament of Quilín (1647).

</doc>
<doc id="18992560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992560" title="Lämmerensee">
Lämmerensee

Lämmerensee is a lake on Lämmerenalp in the municipality of Leukerbad in the canton of Valais, Switzerland. Its surface area is 6.7 ha. At an elevation of 2296 m, it is located below Lämmerengrat.

</doc>
<doc id="18992567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992567" title="Malaysia Federal Route 3214">
Malaysia Federal Route 3214

Federal Route 3214 is a main federal road in Klang Valley, Malaysia.
Route background.
The Kilometre Zero of the Federal Route 3214 starts at USJ Interchange.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 3214 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="18992578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992578" title="Cuisine of the Western United States">
Cuisine of the Western United States

The Western United States has its own cuisine, distinct in various ways from that of the rest of the country. Those states west of Texas, Kansas, Missouri, and Nebraska would be considered part of this area, as would, in some cases, western parts of adjoining states. The locavore movement is increasingly influential, as is the concept of sustainability. The influence of the Native American cultures of each area, but especially in the Northwest and in Navajo country, is important in the cuisine picture of the Western United States.
Overview.
In the Northwest, Oregon, and Washington, various specialties involving salmon, perhaps grilled over a wood fire, and such naturally occurring foodstuffs as blackberries and mushrooms may often be served in forms close to those in which they naturally occur as regional cuisine. The bounty of the land and those things the hunter-gatherers and fisherpeople found in abundance are major influences.
In the Plains/Mountain States, such as Utah, Montana, Idaho, New Mexico, Nevada, Colorado and Wyoming, cowboy/ranch culture is a factor, and variations on the beef theme, outdoor cooking, and such events as chuckwagon dinners abound on dude ranches and at other tourist locations. Hunting is still important in the West, and wild game is part of the cuisine. Rocky Mountain oysters are certainly a part of Western regional food served up for the delight of squeamish tourists.
A growing wine industry is of great importance along the West Coast and increasingly important inland and to the north, not only in California. Along the coast, seafood is important. The evolution of California Cuisine and the influence of Alice Waters are major factors in what could be called regional cuisine of the West. The slow food and local food movements are parts of this phenomenon. The influence of the Pacific Rim is huge along the coast, and fusion cuisine, along with interesting Asian-influenced and Mexican-influenced drinks, has become extremely popular.
Near Mexico, the influence of that country is important in food, with the culture of Mexico spreading as workers move farther from the border. The food of other South American countries can also be found and is increasingly an influence, with the food described as Nuevo Latino more and more often seen. 
Throughout the West in areas where sheep ranching/sheep herding is important (Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, Nevada, eastern Washington, eastern California, other nearby states) restaurants featuring Basque cuisine can be found. They are usually family-style, featuring large tables where diners sit with other parties and share serving dishes which are passed around the table.
California.
California Cuisine is heavily influenced by Mexican, Asian, and Mediterranean Cuisine. Wraps, burritos, tacos, sushi and salads such as Greek, Cobb, and Asian Chicken salad can be found on many restaurant menus, and avocado is used as a common ingredient due to its wide spread cultivation in the state. Californian cuisine tends to reflect the somewhat lighter and more health conscious mindset of the state; chicken, turkey, and soy are more prevalent in Californian dishes than beef or pork.

</doc>
<doc id="18992613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992613" title="Nokdu Street">
Nokdu Street

Nokdu Street or Nokdu-geori is a street in Gwanak, Seoul. Located near Seoul National University, the alley was formed as a center of entertainment for students. The alley is crowded with many restaurants, markets, bars and pubs. In the vicinity, there are many private boarding homes, dormitories and lodges making dwelling place for students.
History.
Nokdu Alley was formed in late 1970s, after Seoul National University was relocated. The name of the alley was derived from the traditional pub ("makgeolli" house) Nokdu-jip (Nokdu House), Which served as the center of the student activists at that time.

</doc>
<doc id="18992614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992614" title="2008 Borjomi wildfire">
2008 Borjomi wildfire

The 2008 Borjomi wildfires started in the Borjomi Gorge, Georgia on August 15, 2008 and lasted for several days to come, destroying of the Borjomi-Kharagauli National Park, one of the largest national parks in Europe.
The fire started in the concluding days of the hostilities during the 2008 South Ossetia war, some 80 km far from the conflict area. Eyewitnesses reported camouflage-painted helicopters in the sky just before the fire erupted. Georgia accused Russia of bombing the area and deliberating starting a fire using incendiary devices, describing it as an ecocide. Russia's Defence Ministry denied bombing the forests and said that they would help the Georgians extinguish the fires if requested. Despite Turkish and Ukrainian aid, the firefighting efforts were complicated by the ongoing conflict and airspace restrictions.
According to the government of Georgia,
The Borjomi wildfire alarmed international environmental organizations. The World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) called on "all parties capable of helping put out forest fires in central Georgia to work together to extinguish them." The PAN Parks network, of which the Borjomi-Kharagauli National Park is a member, sent a latter to the Russian Minister of Natural Resources, expressing its concerns that the "recent bombing in Borjomi district resulted in a forest fire, which threatens Borjomi Kharagauli National Park." The World Bank expressed its "grave concern the reports of forest fires in the Borjomi area of Georgia" and sent an assessment team in the area. The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe-UNEP mission will also assess the damage caused by fire, including in the Borjomi-Kharagauli National Park and adjacent forested areas.

</doc>
<doc id="18992622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992622" title="The Scribes from Alexandria">
The Scribes from Alexandria

The Scribes from Alexandria is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence. The novel, the fifteenth in the Roman Mysteries series, was published in 2008. It is set during the reign of Titus, primarily in Roman Egypt.
Plot introduction.
The novel is set in early summer AD 81. After a shipwreck, the children are separated. Flavia, Jonathan and Lupus go around Alexandria and up the Nile following a trail of clues laid by a mysterious eunuch to find Nubia, who believes they are all dead.
Plot summary.
The story starts with Nubia struggling in the sea and Flavia waking up on a beach. On the way home to Ostia from Volubilis, they have suffered shipwreck. Flavia soon finds Lupus and Jonathan alive, but Nubia and Flavia's uncle Gaius are missing. Nubia has been seen in the company of one of the scribes from the Library, but the scribe, a eunuch called Chryses, cannot be found.
The Head Scholar assigns another young scribe, a devout Jew called Seth ben Aaron, to go with the children to find Chryses and Nubia. Starting in Chryses's sleeping quarters they find a trail of riddles and anagrams leading to different places in Alexandria, and then to the Great Pyramid. Their search is complicated by the fact that they are being pursued by Roman soldiers.
Seth's cousin Nathan, a smuggler, takes them up the Nile on his sailing boat, hoping to find treasure. They find more clues leading far up-river and realise that Nubia is returning to her native land. They follow, but wonder if Nubia will want to go back to Ostia with them.
Some of the chapters describe Nubia's journey with Chryses, by donkey-cart and camel, and her meeting with other members of the Leopard clan on Elephantine, an island in the Nile on the southern Egyptian border.
Allusions to actual history and geography.
The first part of the book gives a glowing account of the beauties of ancient Alexandria, including the wide streets and the healthy atmosphere. The clue trail, which begins at the famous Library, leads to many of the notable places of the city, including the park dedicated to Pan, the temple of Serapis and the sarcophagus of Alexander the Great. The children also see the Lighthouse, one of the Wonders of the World.
In the second part, the journey up the Nile leads past the various towns and mud villages of ancient Egypt, which are strung out along the river. From the Nile Delta, they join the Nile proper at Heliopolis. They visit Crocodilopolis where they see the sacred crocodile, Apollonospolis where Lupus visits the great Temple of Horus, and Cynopolis where they all witness an attack by the Oxyrhynchites.
They also see the Pyramids, including another of the Wonders, the Pyramid of Khufu, the Valley of the Kings, the Colossi of Memnon, and the Nilometer on Elephantine.
Themes.
Concealment is a theme which runs through the book. Disguise is common: Flavia encounters revellers from a costume party, Seth and Jonathan twice disguise themselves as Egyptian women, Flavia and Nubia spend most of the journey up the Nile dressed as boys, and Lupus exchanges clothes with a beggar boy. Flavia and Lupus hide from soldiers in the concealed hold on the smuggler's boat, and later in a secret passage in a temple. Placenames are concealed in riddles and anagrams. Apparent friends turn treacherous and rivalries are not what they seem.
The various religious practices in ancient Egypt are another theme. Many temples are visited, beginning with the Temple of Poseidon where the children give thanks after surviving the shipwreck. The creation of Serapis, a human-looking amalgam of Osiris and Apis designed to appeal to both Egyptians and Greeks, is explained. The animal-headed gods of Egypt, particularly Sobek and Anubis, and their associated sacred animals, are often referred to. Alexandria had a large Jewish population, and the religious tensions between the Jews and the Egyptians are expressed through Seth, who is very scornful of the pagan practices and superstitions, and is faithful in his own devotions, including keeping Sabbath. Jonathan joins him and Nathan in Jewish prayers, and does not mention being a Christian.

</doc>
<doc id="18992627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992627" title="Douglas Gayeton">
Douglas Gayeton

Douglas Gayeton (born August 14, 1960) is an award-winning American multimedia artist, filmmaker, writer, and photographer who divides his time between a farm near Petaluma, California and Pistoia, a medieval Tuscan town.
Along with his wife, Laura Howard, he directs the Lexicon of Sustainability project. 
He is also the creator of "Delta State" and "Molotov Alva and His Search for the Creator: A Second Life Odyssey" as well as the author of .
Background.
He received his BA in Literature and Writing from the University of California, San Diego in 1983, where he studied under dramatists Adele Edling Shank and Alan Schneider. Under the guidance of Reinhard Lettau he also founded the literary magazine "Birdcage Review", which featured contributions from a mix of students and notable composers, writers and artists, including Ernst Krenek, Eleanor Antin, Robert Creeley, and David Hockney (who provided artwork for the Fall 1982 cover).
In 1983 Gayeton directed "La Entrada", a full length documentary on the lives of Mexican migrant workers traveling to the US. The film later aired on KPBS. A transcript of interviews the filmmaker conducted with key immigration figures in the US and Mexico while making the film were cited by Congress and read into the Congressional Record during the drafting of the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986.
Gayeton abandoned his Masters at the USC School of Cinematic Arts in 1985 to start a production company called Brass Ball after receiving startup funding from Quincy Jones's Qwest Records (ironically, he later returned to the school as a Visiting Professor). Within a few years of starting Brass Ball Gayeton subsequently left the film business and moved to Italy.
A series of experimental films made with Italian music group Minox led to Gayeton signing with Satellite Films, a division of Propaganda Films in 1992. His making of a music video for the band Semisonic is comically detailed in "So You Wanna Be a Rock & Roll Star" (ISBN 0-7679-1470-8) by Jacob Slichter.
Book.
In 2009, Gayeton released his first book, Slow: Life in a Tuscan Town, which tells the story of the Slow Food Movement in Tuscany through a combination of photographs he took and essays. The intro to the book was written by chef Alice Waters and the preface, by the founder of the movement, Carlo Petrini.
Photography.
Gayeton's photographs merge his interests in narrative, film, and interactivity. The work is concerned with how time is treated in photography. He has said, "I've always seen photography as being about a single moment, whereas film is about orchestrating a sequence of moments (scenes) to create a larger narrative." To achieve this effect Gayeton's works consist of up to a hundred photographs, often shot over the course of many hours. These are printed and composited to create a single image. Handwritten text is added later by the artist and placed over the image [http://www.ibabuzz.com/seen/2008/08/27/savor-slow-life-in-a-tuscan-town/. Gayeton has called his approach "flat films"[http://www.ibabuzz.com/seen/2008/08/27/savor-slow-life-in-a-tuscan-town/].
In 2003 Gayeton was commissioned by PBS and "POV" to document Italy's Slow Food movement. He focused on the lives of people from the town of Pistoia, Italy. "PBS ultimately premiered "My Shoes are Caked with Mud" as part of "Borders", a web-based series. It was awarded a Webby for best broadband site of 2004.
In 2007 Time Magazine published Gayeton's photographs on biodynamic winemaking practices.
Slow Food Nation [http://gayeton.com/gayeton_photowork.html] unveiled a retrospective of Gayeton's photographic work in 2008.
Interactive Television.
In 1993 Gayeton directed “Tomorrow”, the first documentary about interactive television. The film featured interviews with Bill Gates, John Malone, Barry Diller, Sumner Redstone, Geraldine Laybourne and others. Notable in the film was Gayeton's depiction of how interactive television would work. He showed how an antique stove repairman in Watts, California could become his own channel and sell his wares to anyone in the world via television. While seen as heretical at the time, Gayeton's vision was proven with the acceptance of the Internet a few years later.
Gayeton subsequently developed interactive projects for Viacom & AT&T, then went on to explore the subject of interactive television for MTV and U2's short-lived ZOO TV television series.
In 2002 Gayeton was hired by Scripps Networks Interactive to explore new forms of "enhanced television", namely programming that allows viewers to migrate from television to the Internet and back again. The result was "Lost In Italy", a 26 episode interstitial series for Fine Living [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1277634/.
Interactive Movie.
With William Gibson, Gayeton wrote and directed Johnny Mnemonic, the first interactive CD-ROM based movie, for Sony Imagesoft [http://www.gamesetwatch.com/2007/10/qa_douglas_gayeton_on_johnny_m.php]. He then wrote and designed a CD-ROM sequel to George Orwell's 1984 with Media-X and designed an interactive version of Einstein's Dreams with writer Alan Lightman.
Social Networks and Online Communities.
Gayeton ultimately left Propaganda Films in 1994 to start his own media consultancy, Gayetonstudio, where he created interactive projects for dozens of clients. Most notable are: "Plug In", precursor to the first teen channel on AOLwith Bart Decrem (1995);
"Vanishing Point", first original content acquisition for MSN (1996);
"Yahooligans", animated series for web and television for Yahoo and Fox (1996);
"Plug in", first teen channel on AOL France (1997);
"Zap!", first kids channel on AOL France (1997);
"Very Small TV" and "Very Small City" (later renamed www.yafoule.com), online community for Vivendi (1999).
Gayeton also provided creative support to Electronic Arts, Viacom, Sega, Intel, and National Geographic. An in-depth survey of Gayeton's interactive work is featured in "The Interactive Writers Handbook" by Jon Hamsel (ISBN 978-1885452115).
Animation.
From 1997 to 2000 Gayeton worked with Alphanim, a Paris-based animation company, where he developed a number of animated television series, the most notable being Delta State (TV series), a project based on his graphic novel of the same name. Purchased by Canal +, it received a Special Award for a TV series at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival and the Frames 2004 Award for best Asian Production. The 4th episode of his series "Molotov Alva and His Search for the Creator" was included in the Animation Show of Shows.
Machinima.
The term machinima refers to a production process used for filming inside digital environments. In 2007 Gayeton created the first machinima documentary made in a virtual world: "Molotov Alva and His Search for the Creator: A Second Life Odyssey".
The American broadcast rights were purchased by HBO Documentary Films in August, 2007, marking the first time a US television network purchased a series which premiered on YouTube. The groundbreaking film has been profiled in two books, "The Making of Second Life: Notes from the New World" (ISBN 978-0061353208) by Wagner James Au and "I, Avatar: The Culture and Consequences of Having a Second Life" by Mark Stephen Meadows (ISBN 0321533399).
Virtual Worlds.
Following Gayeton's experience making "Molotov Alva" he joined MTV to work on their virtual world projects. This was followed by a brief stint as Chief Creative Officer of Millions of Us LLC, where he developed content for a variety of social network and virtual world platforms including Gaia, Habbo Hotel, Scenecaster, Zwinktopia and most recently Sony’s PlayStation Home, the world’s first high definition virtual world
Filmography.
Selected music videos:
Other appearances in films:

</doc>
<doc id="18992634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992634" title="Philipp-Reis-Schule, Friedrichsdorf">
Philipp-Reis-Schule, Friedrichsdorf

The (abbreviation: "PRS"; ) is a comprehensive school and one of two secondary schools, the other being Rhein-Main International Montessori School (RIMS), in Friedrichsdorf, Hesse, Germany.
The eponym is Philipp Reis (1834–1874). The school has approximately 110 teachers and 1,600 students. In school year 2006/2007 the school time at the "Gymnasium" at the was reduced from nine to eight years. So the students get their "" after twelve school years in total, rather than thirteen years as it was previously.

</doc>
<doc id="18992642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992642" title="Xerox Tower">
Xerox Tower

Xerox Tower is a skyscraper in downtown Rochester, New York standing at tall. The tower is the centerpiece of a roughly complex named "Xerox Square". When it was built in 1967, it was the tallest building made of poured-in-place exposed aggregate concrete. It is the tallest building in Rochester, as well as the third tallest building in New York outside of New York City. It was initially used as the headquarters of Xerox Corporation.
It is sometimes referred to by employees as the 'Toner Tower' in reference to the building's dark gray color and Xerox's printer business.
The "Digital X" Xerox logo was removed from the top of the building in 2005 because the company no longer used that logo.
On April 18, 2009, Xerox announced their wish to sell the tower and other buildings in Xerox Square, and lease back the office space. In August, 2013 the property was sold to Buckingham Properties for $40 million. Under the terms of the sale Xerox will continue to lease in space the building for eight years, with an option to renew.

</doc>
<doc id="18992652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992652" title="Flori sacre">
Flori sacre

Flori sacre () is the title of a 1912 collection of poetry by Romanian poet Alexandru Macedonski. This collection, first issued by "Revista Critică" (), contains the followng poems:

</doc>
<doc id="18992656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992656" title="Meurimueng-rimueng-do">
Meurimueng-rimueng-do

Meurimueng-rimueng-do is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Sumatra, Indonesia. It is played by the Acehnese, though this game has also spread throughout Asia to become very popular among strategists and people who want a challenge. The game was published in the book entitled "The Achehnese" by Hurgronje, O'Sullivan, Wilkinson, and Brill Leyden in 1906 with the name meurimueng-rimueng-do with no translation or alias. The game is a hunt game similar to Pulijudam and Demala diviyan keliya. They use the same triangular board. Therefore, meurimueng-rimueng-do is specifically a leopard hunt game (or leopard game). In this game, 5 tigers (or leopards) are going up against 15 sheep. The sheep attempt to surround and trap the 5 tigers while the tigers attempt to avoid this fate by capturing enough of the sheep. 
Meurimueng-rimueng-do should not be confused with another Sumatran game with a very similar name, meurimueng-rimueng peuet ploh as they are unrelated. The former is a leopard game, whereas the latter is related to Alquerque. Both games, however, are played by the Achehnese. 
Goal.
The sheep win if they hem in and immobilize the tigers.
The tigers or leopards win if they capture enough sheep so that they cannot be hemmed in by them. 
Equipment.
The board used is a triangular board. It is the same board used for the games Pulijudam and Demala diviyan keliya. 
The tigers are represented by 5 black pieces. The sheep are represented by 15 white pieces. Here-in-forth, the white pieces will simply be called sheep.
Game Play and Rules.
1. Players decide what animal to play. 
2. The board is empty in the beginning with each player's pieces set next to the board. Players first drop one of their pieces per turn before they can move them. Players alternate their turns. This will require the Sheep 15 turns, but it will only require the Tiger 5 turns. Therefore, the Tiger can begin to move and capture even before all the sheep pieces have been dropped. 
3. It is uncertain which animal starts the game first, however, players can decide among themselves whom should start first.
4. Both tigers and sheep move one space per turn onto a vacant point following the pattern on the board. Only one tiger or sheep may be moved per turn. Alternatively, a tiger can capture a sheep. Only one tiger may be used to capture a sheep in a turn. 
5. Only the tigers can capture. The sheep cannot capture. They can only move to immobilize the tigers. 
6. A tiger captures a sheep by leaping over it in a straight line, and landing on the vacant point beyond following the pattern on the board. The captured sheep is removed from the board. Only one sheep may be captured per turn. Captures are not compulsory.

</doc>
<doc id="18992658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992658" title="Mapusa Friday Market">
Mapusa Friday Market

Mapusa Friday Market is a major weekly market in Mapusa, North Goa and a major tourist attraction. It is located outside the Mapusa Municipal Market. Friday sees many vendors from Bardez and Tiswadi descend on the stalls selling a staggering variety of local produce brought in by farmers and small entrepreneurs from all over Goa to sell directly to the consumer. The market winds up by dusk and Mapusa quickly gets back to normal.
The Trade.
This market reflects the essence of Goa and it is a riot of colour and noise. Goan vendors dressed in their colourful best come in from the surrounding villages to sell their locally grown or manufactured wares, including spices of all kinds. Fresh fruits, mostly organically grown, is sold in abundance. The market is well known for it's jewellery, pottery, spice, and carpet shops. Many of the stalls in the bazaar are grouped by type of goods, with special areas for straw hats, Goan home-made chouriço and the like. Strings of Goan chouriço, spiced and marinated pork sausages, are sold here. Seedless tamarind, or "amot" as it is known locally, is also traded in great demand.

</doc>
<doc id="18992667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992667" title="Jeff Causey">
Jeff Causey

Jeff Causey (born October 19, 1971 in Manassas, Virginia) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who spent six seasons in Major League Soccer. He later served as an assistant coach at the collegiate and professional levels.
Player.
College.
Causey attended the University of Virginia where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1990 to 1993. He was a member of the Cavaliers teams which won the 1991, 1992, and 1993 NCAA Championships, taking Tournament Defensive MVP in 1991. He was a 1993 third team All American, graduating that year with a bachelors degree in history. He holds the school record for 88 saves in the 1990 season and is tied for third with 10 shutouts that season.
Professional.
In 1994, he signed with the Boston Storm of the USISL. In 1994, he moved to the Richmond Kickers, winning the 1995 USISL Championship. On February 6, 1996, the Kansas City Wiz selected Causey in the 5th round (46th overall) in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. The team then traded him to D.C. United in exchange for Garth Lagerway and the first overall pick in the 1996 MLS College Draft. Causey played nineteen games with United in 1996 as the team won both the MLS Cup and Open Cup. He began the year with United, but was waived on June 27, 1997. On July 20, 1997, Causey signed with the New England Revolution. He was a starter for several years, but by 2002 had been relegated to back up and saw no games that year. The Revolution waived him on April 16, 2003 and he retired from playing professionally.
Coach.
In 1995, Causey served as an assistant coach with the University of Virginia’s soccer team. On May 7, 2002, the University of Maryland, College Park announced it had hired Causey as an assistant with the men’s soccer team. In 2006, he was an assistant coach with the Boston Breakers in the WUSA. With the collapse of the WUSA, Causey went into the financial services sector with Smith Barney in Manchester, New Hampshire. On January 19, 2012, it was announced that Causey would be joining the New England Revolution broadcast team for the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18992685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18992685" title="Victor Aloysius Meyers">
Victor Aloysius Meyers

Victor Aloysius "Vic" Meyers (September 7, 1897 – May 28, 1991), known as "The Clown Prince of Politics" and "The Pagliacci of Politics", was a Seattle, Washington, jazz bandleader and Washington State Democratic Party politician. He served 20 years as the 11th Lieutenant Governor of Washington and eight as Secretary of State of Washington.
Youth and musical career.
Born in Little Falls, Minnesota, Meyers was the fifteenth of 16 children. His mother was a pianist; his father Morrison County treasurer. Meyers became a multi-instrumental musician, with drums as his first instrument.
His family moved to Oregon. In his teens, Meyers played drums professionally at a Seaside, Oregon hotel. At age 21 he put together a 10-piece band. In 1919 Meyers was given a 2-year contract to lead the house band at the Rose Room in Seattle’s Hotel Butler. The band enjoyed local success, and Butler's contract continued to be renewed. In 1923 Brunswick Records chose the group to record during the record company's West Coast field trip, the first records billed as "Vic Meyers Hotel Butler Orchestra". The band made further series of recordings for Brunswick the following year, and toured nationally before settling in Seattle, where he played on the radio. In 1927 his band first got a residency at the Trianon Ballroom in the Belltown/Denny Regrade area north of downtown Seattle's leading dance venue of the time, well known for its flouting of Prohibition.; the same year the band made the first of a series of recordings for Columbia Records which would continue through 1929. [http://www.vjm.biz/articles3.htm]
Meyers' compositions as a musician included "Ada", composed with Harold Weeks and Danny Cann; "Isle of Dreams", composed with Weeks and Oliver Wallace; and "I'm Happy Now That You're Gone", composed with Al Thompson and Harry Von Tilzer.
Meyers' contribution to historical documentation.
While serving as Washington's Secretary of State, Meyers published a booklet entitled "Historical Highlights". The booklet is written from a political perspective as tied to events within local communities and populations. Meyers summarized events beginning with the Spanish Expeditions in 1543 to the first territorial governor, Isaac Stevens, in 1853, before adding in-depth state history from 1853 to 1959. Territorial and State Governors' influences and contributions during periods in office serve as the basis of historical documentation with details pertaining to legislation and the citizenry.
Meyers enters politics.
By 1932, Meyers had left the Butler Hotel and was holding forth at his own Club Victor back up in the Regrade, often nearly broke, and continuing to get in trouble with the authorities enforcing the Prohibition laws. Covered constantly by the local press, he was one of the city's best-known figures. That year was a local election year, and assistant city editor Doug Welch and some other newspapermen at the "Seattle Times" decided to urge Meyers to enter the city's nonpartisan spring 1932 mayoral race against business candidate John F. Dore (a trial lawyer) and a field of "fatuous has-beens and never-wases". Welch saw Meyers as a joke candidate he could use as an anchor for satiric stories on the race. Meyers was, of course, happy to have the publicity.
The "Times" trumpeted Meyers entry into the race with an eight-column page one headline, and gave him daily coverage. Meyers chose the meaningless campaign slogan "Watch 'er Click with Vic". He drove a beer wagon around town—this in the midst of Prohibition—with his band playing "Happy Days Are Here Again"; he started out campaigning in shirt sleeves, to prove he was not a representative of the vested interests; later he campaigned in a tuxedo, silk scarf, top hat, velvet-lapeled overcoat, and kid gloves. His speeches were often parodies of Dore's. He came out in favor of graft. His answer to the problems of Seattle's ailing streetcar system was to add hostesses. He appeared at a Shriners' candidates' forum at the Olympic Hotel dressed as Mahatma Gandhi, leading a goat, sipping goat's milk and munching raw carrots, and wearing gold-rimmed eyeglasses.
Somewhere along the way, though, Meyers decided he had ideas every bit as good as the other candidates'. Also, he got tired of the complaints of the "Times's" rivals, the "Post-Intelligencer" and "Star", that he was degrading the electoral process. Increasingly, he ignored the "Times's" gag writers and began to campaign seriously, but still finished only sixth in a field of ten.
After briefly going back to being a full-time bandleader, he decided to run for lieutenant governor in the fall 1932 election, this time without Welch and the "Times". Actually, he originally decided to run for governor, but didn't want to pony up the $US60 filing fee; the filing fee for lieutenant governor was only $12. He continued to use humor (for example, repeating the Gandhi bit) and music (playing saxophone at his own campaign appearances), but also campaigned more seriously. He appeared on an Indian reservation talking about how the Indians weren't allowed to vote. He came out for pensions, child welfare, and unemployment compensation. He gained the Democratic nomination in the September primary, thereby becoming the running mate to Clarence D. Martin; both went on to win in November in conjunction with Franklin D. Roosevelt's landslide victory in the presidential election. Meyers and his band played at the inaugural ball.
Career politician.
While Meyers first ran for lieutenant governor without even being clear on the duties of the office, he soon became adept at those duties, the most important of which was to preside over the Washington State Senate. He became known as a leader of the left wing of the state Democratic Party, often putting him at odds with the more centrist Governor Martin, but getting on well with rising star Albert D. Rosellini. When, in the midst of the Great Depression, the left-wing Unemployed Citizens' League marched to Olympia, Washington to confront Governor Martin, Meyers opened his home to the marchers. He was re-elected five times before finally losing in 1952 in the Eisenhower landslide. During that time, he twice again ran unsuccessfully for mayor of Seattle, losing to Arthur B. Langlie in 1938 and to William F. Devin in 1946. He later ran successfully for Secretary of State of Washington in 1956 and served two terms in that office before being defeated in 1964 after a scandal related to the mishandling of the petition for an anti-gambling initiative. He entered the race to regain his position as secretary of state in 1976, but withdrew for health reasons. Meyers' son Victor Aloysius Meyers, Jr. served two terms in the state legislature (elected from the 31st District in 1958 and 1960) and ran unsuccessfully for state secretary of state in 1980, before dying in 1981 at the age of 57. He is, as of the 2012 election, the last Democrat in the state to hold the position of Secretary of State.
Pre-fab houses.
In the years after World War II, Meyers also took a shot at the prefabricated housing business, partnering with his brother Joseph Meyers and State Senator Howard Bargreen of Everett, Washington in a venture selling "Honeymoon GI homes". Many of these still stand in Tacoma, Washington.
Late in life, he managed a golf course and apartment complex in Kent, Washington. His last years were spent in a nursing home.
Honors.
In 1977, the Washington legislature designated the golf course at Sun Lakes State Park as the "Vic Meyers Golf Course" and renamed Rainbow Lake as "Vic Meyers Lake". The park had been a pet project of his. Considered too out-of-the-way when Meyers first backed it, "Vic's Folly" is now one of the busiest parks in the state.
Meyers is a member of the Northwest Music Association Hall of Fame.

</doc>
