<doc id="18974154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974154" title="Bruce Edwards Ivins">
Bruce Edwards Ivins

Bruce Edwards Ivins (April 22, 1946 – July 29, 2008) was an American microbiologist, vaccinologist, senior biodefense researcher at the United States Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases (USAMRIID) in Fort Detrick, Maryland and the key suspect in the 2001 anthrax attacks.
On Tuesday, July 29, 2008, he died of an overdose of Tylenol in an apparent suicide after learning that criminal charges were likely to be filed against him by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for an alleged criminal connection to the 2001 anthrax attacks. No formal charges were ever actually filed against him for the crime, and no direct evidence of his involvement has been uncovered.
At a news conference at the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) on August 6, 2008, FBI and DOJ officials formally announced that the Government had concluded that Ivins was likely to have been solely responsible for "the deaths of five persons, and the injury of dozens of others, resulting from the mailings of several anonymous letters to members of Congress and members of the media in September and October 2001, which letters contained "Bacillus anthracis," commonly referred to as anthrax." On February 19, 2010, the FBI released a 92-page summary of evidence against Ivins and announced that it had concluded its investigation. The FBI conclusions have been contested by many, including senior microbiologists, the widow of one of the victims, and several prominent American politicians. U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT) who was among the targets in the attack, Senator Charles Grassley (R-IA), former Senator Arlen Specter (D-PA), Representative Rush Holt (D-NJ), and Representative Jerrold Nadler (D-NY) all argued that Ivins was not solely responsible for the attacks. 
The FBI subsequently requested a panel from the National Academy of Sciences to review its scientific work on the case. On May 15, 2011, the panel released its findings, which "concludethat the bureau overstated the strength of genetic analysis linking the mailed anthrax to a supply kept by Bruce E. Ivins."
Early and family life.
Bruce Ivins was born, and spent his youth, in Lebanon, Ohio, a small town 30 miles northeast of Cincinnati. His parents were Thomas Randall Ivins and Mary Johnson (Knight) Ivins, and he was the youngest of three sons. His father, a pharmacist, owned a drugstore and was active in the local Rotary Club and Chamber of Commerce, while his mother participated in the Parent-Teacher Association. The family went regularly to Lebanon Presbyterian Church, although Ivins was later a Catholic parishioner. It has been reported that his mother was violently abusive to her entire family, that she repeatedly tried to abort her pregnancy by physical trauma before giving birth to Bruce, and that he would eventually hear the story of the abortion attempts himself.
Avidly interested in science, Ivins was an active participant in extracurricular activities in high school, including National Honor Society, science fairs, the current events club, and the scholarship team all four years. He ran on the track and cross-country teams, worked on the yearbook and school newspaper, and was in the school choir and junior and senior class plays.
He was married to Diane Ivins for 33 years until his death, and they had two children. Diane Ivins was a full time parent who ran a daycare center out of the family's home. His wife, children, and brothers were all still alive at the time of his death; his parents were deceased.
Education and career.
Ivins graduated with honors from the University of Cincinnati with a B.S. degree in 1968, an M.S. degree in 1971, and a Ph.D. degree in 1976, all in microbiology. Ivins conducted his Ph.D. research under the supervision of Dr. P. F. Bonventre. His dissertation focused on different aspects of toxicity in disease-causing bacteria.
Ivins was a scientist for 36 years and senior biodefense researcher at the United States Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases (USAMRIID) in Fort Detrick, Maryland for 18 years. After conducting research on "Legionella" and cholera, in 1979, Ivins turned his attention to anthrax after the anthrax outbreak in the Soviet city of Sverdlovsk (now known as Yekaterinburg), which killed at least 105 after an accidental release at a military facility.
Ivins had published at least 44 scientific papers dating back to May 18, 1969. His earliest known published work pertained to the response of peritoneal macrophages, a type of white blood cell, to infection by "Chlamydia psittaci", an infectious bacterium that can be transmitted from animals to humans. He was the co-author of numerous anthrax studies, including one on a treatment for inhalational anthrax published in the July 7, 2008 issue of the journal "Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy". He often cited the 2001 Anthrax attacks in his papers to bolster the significance of his research in years subsequent to the attacks. In a 2006 paper published in the prestigious journal "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences", he wrote with his co-authors
Ivins was a coinventor on two US patents for anthrax vaccine technology, and . Both of these patents are owned by his employer at the time, the US Army.
Personal interests and beliefs.
Ivins was a Roman Catholic. "The Frederick News-Post" has made public several letters to the editor written by Ivins dealing with his religious views. These were cited in the Department of Justice summary of the case against Ivins as suggesting that he may have harbored a grudge against pro-choice Catholic senators Daschle and Leahy, recipients of anthrax mailings. In a letter expressing his belief that Jews were God's chosen people, Ivins stated, "By blood and faith, Jews are God's chosen, and have no need for 'dialogue' with any gentile." Ivins praised a rabbi for refusing a dialogue with a Muslim cleric.
His pastimes included playing keyboard at his local church, Saint John the Evangelist; he was a member of the American Red Cross; he was an avid juggler and founder of the Frederick Jugglers. He played keyboards in a Celtic band and would often compose and play songs for coworkers who were moving to new jobs.
Death.
On the morning of July 27, 2008, Ivins was found unconscious at his home. He was taken to Frederick Memorial Hospital and died on July 29 from an overdose of Tylenol, an apparent suicide. No autopsy was ordered following his death because, according to an officer in the local police department, the state medical examiner "determined that an autopsy wouldn't be necessary" based on laboratory test results of blood taken from the body. A summary of the police report of his death, released in 2009, lists the cause of death as liver and kidney failure, citing his purchase of two bottles of Tylenol PM (containing diphenhydramine), contradicting earlier reports of Tylenol with codeine. His family declined to put him on the liver transplant list, and he was removed from life support.
Immediately after news of his death, the FBI refused to comment on the situation. Ivins' attorney released a statement asserting that Ivins had cooperated with the six-year investigation by the FBI and also asserting that Ivins was innocent in the deaths.
Alleged involvement in 2001 anthrax attacks and investigations.
The 2001 anthrax attacks involved the mailing of several letters proclaiming "Death to America... Death to Israel... Allah is Great", and contaminated with anthrax, to the offices of U.S. Senators Tom Daschle and Patrick Leahy, as well as to the offices of ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, the "New York Post", and the "National Enquirer".
Initial investigative role.
Ivins became involved in the investigation of the 2001 anthrax attacks because he was regarded as a skilled microbiologist. Starting in mid-October, Ivins and his colleagues worked long hours testing samples to distinguish real anthrax letters from the numerous hoaxes that were sent out at this time. Ivins also helped the FBI analyze the powdery material recovered from one of the anthrax-tainted envelopes sent to a U.S. senator's office in Washington.
Results of the investigation were initially distributed to the public via ABC News claiming "four well placed sources" attesting to the fact that "trace amounts of the chemical additives bentonite" were found in the anthrax samples, and that this was the chemical signatures of Iraqi-made anthrax. It has been confirmed that bentonite was never actually found in the anthrax samples. While it is presumed that Ivins was one of ABC News' four sources, ABC News has refused to reveal their identities, which has contributed to the mystery of Ivins' role in the initial investigation and its widely reported findings.
2002 Fort Detrick anthrax containment breach.
In 2002, an investigation was carried out as a result of an incident at Fort Detrick where anthrax spores had escaped carefully guarded rooms into the building’s unprotected areas. The incident called into question the ability of USAMRIID to keep its deadly agents within laboratory walls seven months after the anthrax mailings.
A coworker reportedly told Ivins that she was concerned she was exposed to anthrax spores when handling an anthrax-contaminated letter. Ivins tested the technician’s desk area that December and found growth that had the earmarks of anthrax. He decontaminated her desk, computer, keypad and monitor, but did not notify his superiors.
2003 Department of Defense commendation.
On March 14, 2003, Ivins and two of his colleagues at USAMRIID at Fort Detrick received the Decoration for Exceptional Civilian Service—the highest award given to Defense Department civilian employees—for helping solve technical problems in the manufacture of anthrax vaccine.
2008 investigation.
For six years, the FBI focused its investigation on Steven Hatfill, considering him to be the chief suspect in the attacks. In March 2008, however, authorities exonerated Hatfill and settled the lawsuit he initiated for $5.8 million. According to ABC News, some in the FBI considered Ivins a suspect as early as 2002. FBI Director Robert S. Mueller III changed leadership of the investigation in late 2006, and at that time Ivins became the main focus of the investigation. The FBI thought Ivins, who had complained about the limits of testing anthrax drugs on animals, might have sent the anthrax letters in order to test a vaccine he had been developing.
After Hatfill was no longer considered a suspect, Ivins began "showing signs of serious strain". As a result of his changed behavior, he lost access to sensitive areas at his job. He began being treated for depression and expressed some suicidal thoughts. On March 19, 2008 police were summoned to Ivins' home in Frederick, MD, found him unconscious and sent him to the hospital.
Late in July 2008, investigators informed Ivins of his impending prosecution for his alleged involvement in the 2001 anthrax attacks that Ivins himself had previously assisted authorities in investigating. It has been reported that the death penalty would have been sought in the case. Ivins maintained his security clearance until July 10; he had been publicly critical of the lab's security procedures for several years.
Dr. W. Russell Byrne, a colleague who worked in the bacteriology division of the Fort Detrick research facility, said FBI agents "hounded" Ivins by twice raiding his home and that Ivins had been hospitalized for depression earlier in the month. According to Byrne and local police, Ivins had been removed from his workplace out of fears that he might harm himself or others. "I think he was just psychologically exhausted by the whole process", Byrne said. "There are people who you just know are ticking bombs", Byrne said. "He was not one of them." However, Tom Ivins, who last spoke to his brother in 1985, said, "It makes sense ... he considered himself like a god".
The "Los Angeles Times" asserted that Ivins stood to profit from the attacks because he was a co-inventor on two patents for a genetically-engineered anthrax vaccine. The San Francisco-area biotechnology company, VaxGen, licensed the vaccine and won a federal contract valued at $877.5 million to provide the vaccine under the Project Bioshield Act. However, biological warfare and anthrax vaccine expert Dr. Meryl Nass has expressed skepticism of this purported motive, pointing out that "Historically, government employees do not receive these royalties: the government does."
On August 6, 2008, a federal prosecutor, U.S. Attorney Jeffrey Taylor, officially made a statement that Ivins was the "sole culprit" in the 2001 anthrax attacks. Taylor stated that Ivins had submitted false anthrax evidence to throw investigators off of his trail, was unable to adequately explain his late laboratory working hours around the time of the attacks, tried to frame his co-workers, had immunized himself against anthrax in early September 2001, was one of more than 100 people with access to the same strain of anthrax used in the killings, and had used similar language in an email to that in one of the anthrax mailings. Ivins was also reportedly upset that the anthrax vaccine, that he had spent years helping develop, was being pulled from the market.
Criticism of the official findings.
Paul Kemp, Ivins' attorney, stated that the US government's case against his client is not convincing. US Department of Justice official Dean Boyd stated that Ivins mailed anthrax to NBC in retaliation for an investigation of Ivins' lab's work on anthrax conducted by Gary Matsumoto, a former NBC news journalist. At the time, however, Matsumoto was working for ABC, not NBC. Also, Ivins passed a polygraph-assisted interrogation (also known as a "lie detector test") in which he was questioned about his possible participation in the anthrax attacks. Boyd responded by saying that the FBI now believes that Ivins used countermeasures to deceive the polygraph examiners. "There are clearly a lot of unanswered questions," said Iowa Senator Charles Grassley, who is calling for a congressional investigation into the allegations that Ivins was the anthrax killer.
Those who argue for Ivins' innocence claim that the anthrax used in the attacks was too sophisticated to be produced by a lone researcher without relevant training. "In my opinion, there are maybe four or five people in the whole country who might be able to make this stuff, and I'm one of them," said Richard O. Spertzel, former deputy commander of USAMRIID. "And even with a good lab and staff to help run it, it might take me a year to come up with a product as good." The spores in the Daschle letter were 1.5 to 3 micrometres across, many times smaller than the finest known grade of anthrax produced by either the U.S. or Soviet bioweapons programs. An electron microscope, which costs hundreds of thousands of dollars, would be needed to verify that the target spore size had been consistently achieved. The presence of the anti-clumping additive silicon in the anthrax samples also suggests a high degree of sophistication as specialists working at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory were unable to duplicate this property despite 56 attempts.
Historian Kenneth J. Dillon argues that the anthrax in the letters to the senators was prepared, probably by Ivins himself, for a DARPA project as a replica of an ultrasecret Soviet technology revealed to the U.S. Government by Ken Alibek and other Soviet defectors, in an effort to develop countermeasures. The anthrax was then considered to be kept under lax security at a DARPA project at George Mason University where it was supposedly stolen by an al Qaeda sympathizer.
While not outright rejecting the theory of Ivins' involvement, Patrick Leahy has asserted that "If he is the one who sent the letter, I do not believe in any way, shape or manner that he is the only person involved in this attack on Congress and the American people. I do not believe that at all."
Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority and Wikipedia editing.
Ivins was reportedly obsessed with the college sorority Kappa Kappa Gamma (KKG) ever since he was rebuffed by a woman in the sorority during his days as a student at the University of Cincinnati. According to "The Smoking Gun", U.S. Government court documents stated that Ivins edited the KKG article in Wikipedia using the account name "Jimmyflathead", by which he made that put derogatory information about the sorority into the article and engaged in some disputes and discussions about the content of the article.
The FBI claims that because anthrax spores were found in a postal drop box located away from Princeton University's Kappa Kappa Gamma storage facility (where the Sorority keeps rush paraphernalia, initiation robes and other materials), that the anthrax laced letters had been mailed from that drop box. As of this date, leaks from the law enforcement community claim they have not been able to place Ivins in Princeton the day the letters were mailed. Katherine Breckinridge Graham, an advisor to Kappa's Princeton chapter, stated that there was nothing to indicate that any of the sorority members had anything to do with Ivins. Officials claim that the sorority link helps explain why the letters were mailed from Princeton, from the Fort Detrick lab in Frederick, Maryland, where Ivins worked and where it is claimed the anthrax was produced.
A US Government investigative panel, called the Expert Behavioral Analysis Panel, issued a report in March 2011 which detailed more of Ivins' obsession with the sorority. According to the panel's report, Ivins tormented a sorority member at the University of North Carolina named Nancy Haigwood. Ivins stole her notebook, which documented her research for her doctoral studies, and vandalized her residence.
Allegations of mental illness.
On August 6, 2008, the FBI released a collection of emails written by Ivins. In some, Ivins describes episodes of anxiety, paranoia, and depression for which he was medicated; these are referenced in the summary of the case against Ivins. A clinical psychiatrist engaged by "The New York Times" to analyze the released documents found evidence of psychoses, but could not rule out that the possibility that Ivins was feigning or exaggerating mental illness for purposes of attention or sympathy.
A US Government investigative panel, called the Expert Behavioral Analysis Panel, issued a report in March 2011 which detailed more of Ivins' mental health issues. According to the panel's report, the Army did not examine Ivins' background adequately before clearing him to work with anthrax: such clearance should not have been given. The report endorses the government's implication of Ivins: circumstantial evidence from Ivins' psychiatric history supported the conclusion that Ivins was the anthrax killer.
Allegations by Ivins' counselor.
One of the most contested elements of the Ivins case involves the testimony of his former therapist, social worker Jean C. Duley. Documents show that Ivins was ordered late in July 2008 to stay away from Duley, In her handwritten application for a protective order, Duley wrote that Ivins had stalked and threatened to kill her and had a long history of homicidal threats. However, in her testimony, Duley also stated that she had only known Ivins for six months.
Duley had been set to give testimony against Ivins on August 1, 2008. Ivins, however, had no criminal record, whereas Duley herself has a history of convictions for driving under the influence and charges of battery by her ex-husband. The charges forced her to quit her job, and attorney costs used up her savings, according to her fiance. In a 1999 newspaper interview, Duley described herself as a former motorcycle gang member and drug user: "Heroin. Cocaine. PCP. You name it, I did it." According to an article originally appearing in the August 12, 2009 "Frederick News-Post", Duley was under house arrest when she tape recorded Ivins' allegedly "threatening" messages. The "Frederick News-Post" also made available a recording of the allegedly threatening calls. The nature of the actual audio recordings was characterized in the published report as "No threats are made or implied in the messages. More the sad ramblings of a broken man who felt betrayed."
In her July 2008 restraining order Duley alleged that Ivins "has a history dating to his graduate days of homicidal threats, actions, plans, threats & actions towards theripist" (sic). According to Duley, "Dr. David Irwin his psychiatrist called him homicidal, sociopathic with clear intentions" (sic) and she would "tetisfy with other details" (sic). She further alleged a "detailed homicidal plan" to kill his co-workers after learning he was going to be indicted on capital murder charges and stated that, upon hearing of his possible indictment, Ivins had purchased a gun and a bulletproof vest. Ivins was subsequently committed for psychiatric evaluation, and his home was raided by federal agents who confiscated ammunition and a bulletproof vest. He was released from his committal on July 24, five days before his death.
Statement by Henry S. Heine.
Dr. Henry S. Heine, a microbiologist who was Ivins' fellow researcher at the Army Medical Research Institute, told a National Academy of Sciences panel on April 22, 2010 that he considered it impossible that Ivins could have produced the anthrax used in the attacks without detection.
Heine told the 16-member National Academy of Sciences panel that producing the quantity of spores in the letters would have taken at least a year of intensive work using the equipment at the army lab. Such an effort would not have escaped colleagues’ notice, and lab technicians who worked closely with Dr. Ivins have told him they saw no such work.
Heine also disputed the notion that biological containment measures where Dr. Ivins worked were inadequate to prevent the spores from floating out of the laboratory into animal cages and offices. He told the panel that if the containment was inadequate, "You’d have had dead animals or dead people". 
Heine said he did not dispute that there was a genetic link between the spores in the letters and the anthrax in Ivins’ flask, which led the FBI to conclude that Ivins had grown the spores from a sample taken from the flask. Heine pointed out that samples from the flask were widely shared. Accusing Ivins of the attacks, he said, was like tracing a murder to the clerk at the sporting goods shop who sold the bullets.
Asked by reporters after his testimony whether he believed there was any chance that Ivins had carried out the attacks, Heine replied, “Absolutely not.” At the Army’s biodefense lab, he said, “among the senior scientists, no one believes it.”
National Academy of Sciences scientific evidence review.
The FBI asked the National Academy of Sciences to review the FBI's scientific work on the case. A panel was created, chaired by Alice P. Gast, president of Lehigh University. On May 15, 2011 the panel released its findings, which "conclude that the bureau overstated the strength of genetic analysis linking the mailed anthrax to a supply kept by Bruce E. Ivins."
Calls for further investigation.
Following the release of a National Academy of Sciences' report in February 2011, Congressman Rush D. Holt, Jr. (D-NJ), a physicist from whose district the anthrax letters were mailed, re-introduced legislation "to create a 9/11-style Commission, complete with subpoena power, with a mandate to review the entire matter." Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa told the "Washington Post": "There are no more excuses for avoiding an independent review." Blogger Glenn Greenwald, who has been vocal in his criticism of the anthrax investigation, argued that "ther than a desire to avoid finding out who the culprit was (or to avoid having the FBI's case against Ivins subjected to scrutiny), there's no rational reason to oppose an independent investigation into this matter."
Investigative journalism.
In 2011, journalist David Willman's book on Ivins, "The Mirage Man: Bruce Ivins, the Anthrax Attacks, and America's Rush to War", was published. The book details Ivin's troubled history and mental problems.

</doc>
<doc id="18974161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974161" title="Green View Tower">
Green View Tower

Green View Tower is a skyscraper in Tijuana, Mexico and has become a prominent fixture in the city. It is located within the central business district of Tijuana, the Zona Rio.
It is composed of only 58 upscale condos. It features its own mall, plus a penthouse. It was designed by Julio Gaeta and Luby Springall of Gaeta Springall Arquitectos
References.
http://gaeta-springall.com/
Green View Tower on Emporis

</doc>
<doc id="18974166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974166" title="Metolius Springs">
Metolius Springs

Metolius Springs are located just north of Black Butte near the small unincorporated town of Camp Sherman in central Oregon, United States. The springs are the source of the Metolius River, which flows through the Deschutes National Forest emptying into Lake Billy Chinook. The flow from Metolius Springs is sufficient to create a full-flowing river, making the Metolius River one of the largest spring-fed rivers in the United States.
Source.
The source of the springs is unknown, but there is evidence that it comes from a large drainage basin near Black Butte Ranch, several miles south of Black Butte. The elevation of the Black Butte Ranch drainage basin is above that of the springs which would allow a natural flow of water under Black Butte to the Metolius headwaters.
The springs were probably created about one and a half million years ago when Black Butte erupted blocking a north-flowing river. With the newly formed butte blocking the natural channel, water backed up south of the mountain creating a swampy meadow area. Over time, the water seeps through porous rocks under the butte and now emerges on the north side of Black Butte at Metolius Springs.
There are two groups of springs about apart that create the headwaters of the Metolius River. Springwater gushes from its underground source at a rate of 50,000 gallons per minute. This makes the Metolius one of the largest spring-fed rivers in the country. The water temperature at the springs is .
Viewing area.
The Metolius Springs and around it were originally owned by Sam Johnson, a wealthy lumber mill owner. Johnson preserved the springs in their natural state, and allowed public access to a scenic headwaters viewing area located on his land. In 1965, Johnson gave the Metolius Springs viewing area to the United States Forest Service.
Today, the Deschutes National Forest maintains a day-use viewing area overlooking Metolius Springs. The site is normally open from April until November. It includes a paved walkway from the parking area to the Metolius Springs viewing point with interpretative signs along the way. There are also three picnic tables and a vault-type toilet facility. However, there is no water and camping is not allowed at the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18974173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974173" title="2001 anthrax attacks">
2001 anthrax attacks

The 2001 anthrax attacks in the United States, also known as Amerithrax from its Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) case name, occurred over the course of several weeks beginning on Tuesday, September 18, 2001, one week after the September 11 attacks. Letters containing anthrax spores were mailed to several news media offices and two Democratic U.S. Senators, killing five people and infecting 17 others. According to the FBI, the ensuing investigation became "one of the largest and most complex in the history of law enforcement".
A major focus in the early years of the investigation was a bio-weapons expert named Steven Hatfill, who was eventually exonerated. Another suspect, Bruce Edwards Ivins, became a focus of investigation around April 4, 2005. Ivins was a scientist who worked at the government's biodefense labs at Fort Detrick in Frederick, Maryland. On April 11, 2007, Ivins was put under periodic surveillance and an FBI document stated that "Bruce Edwards Ivins is an extremely sensitive suspect in the 2001 anthrax attacks." On July 27, 2008, Ivins took an intentional overdose of acetaminophen and died two days later in a hospital.
On August 6, 2008, despite having no direct evidence of his involvement, federal prosecutors declared Ivins to be the sole culprit of the crime. Two days later, Senator Charles Grassley and Rep. Rush Holt called for hearings into the DOJ and FBI's handling of the investigation. On February 19, 2010, the FBI formally closed its investigation.
A review of the scientific methods used in the investigation at the National Academy of Sciences, published in February 2011, cast doubt on the U.S. government's conclusion that Ivins was the perpetrator. The review report said that, although the type of anthrax used in the letters was correctly identified as the Ames strain of the bacterium, there was insufficient scientific evidence for the FBI's assertion that it originated from Ivins' laboratory. The FBI responded by pointing out that the review panel asserted that it would not be possible to reach a definite conclusion based on science alone, and said that a combination of factors led the FBI to conclude that Ivins had been the perpetrator. Some information about the case related to Ivins' mental problems is still "under seal". Lawsuits filed by the widow of victim Bob Stevens were settled by the government for $2.5 million with no admission of liability. According to a statement in the settlement agreement, the settlement was reached solely for the purpose of "avoiding the expenses and risks of further litigations."
Overview.
The attacks followed a week after the September 11 attacks which had caused the destruction of the World Trade Center in New York City, damage to The Pentagon in Arlington, Virginia and the crash of an airliner in Shanksville, Pennsylvania. As "a precaution", according to the "Washington Post", Cipro was administered to Dick Cheney and his close staff on the evening of 9/11 as the Vice President was secreted off to an undisclosed location, days before the first anthrax letters were mailed. The anthrax attacks came in two waves. The first set of anthrax letters had a Trenton, New Jersey postmark dated September 18, 2001. Five letters are believed to have been mailed at this time to: ABC News, CBS News, NBC News and the "New York Post", all located in New York City and to the "National Enquirer" at American Media, Inc. (AMI) in Boca Raton, Florida. Robert Stevens, the first person who died from the mailings, worked at a tabloid called "Sun", also published by AMI, died on October 5, 2001, four days after entering a Florida hospital with an undiagnosed illness that caused him to vomit and be short of breath. Only the "New York Post" and NBC News letters were found; the existence of the other three letters is inferred because individuals at ABC, CBS and AMI became infected with anthrax. Scientists examining the anthrax from the "New York Post" letter said it appeared as a coarse brown granular material looking like Purina Dog Chow.
Two more anthrax letters, bearing the same Trenton postmark, were dated October 9, three weeks after the first mailing. The letters were addressed to two Democratic Senators, Tom Daschle of South Dakota and Patrick Leahy of Vermont. At the time, Daschle was the Senate Majority leader and Leahy was head of the Senate Judiciary Committee. The Daschle letter was opened by an aide, Grant Leslie, on October 15, and the government mail service was shut down. The unopened Leahy letter was discovered in an impounded mail bag on November 16. The Leahy letter had been misdirected to the State Department mail annex in Sterling, Virginia, due to a misread ZIP code; a postal worker there, David Hose, contracted inhalational anthrax.
More potent than the first anthrax letters, the material in the Senate letters was a highly refined dry powder consisting of about one gram of nearly pure spores. A series of conflicting news reports appeared, some claiming the powders had been "weaponized" with silica. Bioweapons experts who later viewed images of the attack anthrax saw no indication of "weaponization". Tests by Sandia National Laboratories in early 2002 confirmed that the attack powders were not weaponized.
At least 22 people developed anthrax infections, with 11 of these the especially life-threatening inhalational variety. Five died of inhalational anthrax: Stevens; two employees of the Brentwood mail facility in Washington, D.C., Thomas Morris Jr. and Joseph Curseen; and two whose source of exposure to the bacteria is still unknown, Kathy Nguyen, a Vietnamese immigrant resident in the borough of the Bronx who worked in New York City, and the last known victim Ottilie Lundgren, a 94-year old widow of a prominent judge from Oxford, Connecticut.
Because it took so long to identify a culprit, the 2001 anthrax attacks have been compared to the Unabomber attacks which took place from 1978 to 1995.
The letters.
The anthrax letters are believed to have been mailed from Princeton, New Jersey. In August 2002, investigators found anthrax spores in a city street mailbox located at 10 Nassau Street near the Princeton University campus. About 600 mailboxes that could have been used to mail the letters were tested for anthrax, and the Nassau Street box was the only one to test positive.
The "New York Post" and NBC News letters contained the following note:
The second note that was addressed to Senators Daschle and Leahy read:
All the letters were copies made by a copy machine. The originals were never found. Each letter was trimmed to a slightly different size. The senate letter uses punctuation. The media letter does not. The handwriting on the media letter (and envelopes) is roughly twice the size of the handwriting on the senate letter (and envelopes).
The envelopes addressed to Senators Daschle and Leahy had the return address:
The address is fictitious. Franklin Park, New Jersey, exists, but the ZIP code 08852 is for nearby Monmouth Junction, New Jersey. There is no Greendale School in Franklin Park or Monmouth Junction, New Jersey, though there is a Greenbrook Elementary School in adjacent South Brunswick Township, New Jersey, of which Monmouth Junction is a part.
Hidden message.
In the letters sent to the media, the characters 'A' and 'T' were sometimes bolded or highlighted by tracing over, suggesting that the letters contained a hidden code.
The letters to The New York Post and Tom Brokaw contained a "hidden message" in such highlighted characters. Below is the media text with the highlighted As and Ts:
According to the FBI Summary Report issued on February 19, 2010, following the search of Ivins' home, cars, and office on November 1, 2007, investigators began examining his trash. A week later, just after 1 a.m. on the morning of November 8, Ivins was observed throwing away "a copy of a book entitled "Gödel, Escher, Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid", published by Douglas Hofstadter in 1979" and "a 1992 issue of "American Scientist Journal" which contained an article entitled 'The Linguistics of DNA,' and discussed, among other things, codons and hidden messages".
The book "Gödel, Escher, Bach" contains a lengthy description of the encoding/decoding procedures, including an illustration of hiding a message within a message by bolding certain characters. According to the FBI Summary Report, "they lifted out just the bolded letters, investigators got TTT AAT TAT – an apparent hidden message". The 3-letter groups are codons, "meaning that each sequence of three nucleic acids will code for a specific amino acid".
The FBI Summary Report proceeds to say: "From this analysis, two possible hidden meanings emerged: (1) 'FNY' – a verbal assault on New York, and (2) PAT – the nickname of Ivins' Former Colleague #2." Ivins was known to have a dislike for New York City, and four of the media letters had been sent to New York. The report states that it "was obviously impossible for the Task Force to determine with certainty that either of these two translations was correct", however, "the key point to the investigative analysis is that there is a hidden message, not so much what that message is." Ivins showed a fascination with codes and also had an interest in secrets and hidden messages. He also was familiar with biochemical codons.
White House precautions.
In early September 2001, White House staff began taking a regimen of ciprofloxacin (Cipro), a powerful antibiotic; on September 11, staff accompanying Vice President Dick Cheney were given Cipro. The public interest group Judicial Watch filed lawsuits in June 2002 against federal agencies to obtain information about how, what and when the White House knew on 9/11 about the danger of anthrax weeks before the first known victim of the anthrax attacks.
Other letters reported in the media.
The Amerithrax investigation involved many leads which took time to evaluate and resolve. Among them were numerous letters which initially appeared to be related to the anthrax attacks but were never directly linked to the anthrax attacks.
For example, before the New York letters were found, hoax letters mailed from St. Petersburg, Florida were thought to be the anthrax letters or related to them. A letter received at the Microsoft offices in Reno, NV, after the discovery of the Daschle letters gave a false positive in a test for anthrax. Later, because the letter had been sent from Malaysia, Marilyn Thompson of the Washington Post connected the letter to Steven Hatfill, whose girlfriend was from Malaysia. The letter merely contained a check and some pornography, and was neither a threat nor a hoax.
Also unconnected to the anthrax attacks was a large envelope received at American Media, Inc. in Boca Raton, Florida (which was among the victims of the attacks) in September 2001. It was addressed "Please forward to Jennifer Lopez c/o The Sun", containing a metal cigar tube with a cheap cigar inside, an empty can of chewing tobacco, a small detergent carton, pink powder, a Star of David pendant, and "a handwritten letter to Jennifer Lopez. The writer said how much he loved her and asked her to marry him." Another letter, which mimicked the original anthrax letter to Senator Daschle, was mailed to Daschle from London in November 2001, at a time when Hatfill was in England, not far from London. Shortly before the discovery of the anthrax letters, someone sent a letter to authorities stating, "Dr. Assaad is a potential biological terrorist." No connection to the anthrax letters was ever found.
During the first years of the FBI's investigation, Don Foster, a professor of English at Vassar College, attempted to connect the anthrax letters and various hoax letters from the same period to Steven Hatfill. Foster's beliefs were published in Vanity Fair and Readers' Digest. Hatfill sued and was later exonerated. The lawsuit was settled out of court.
Anthrax letter to Chile.
Shortly after the anthrax attacks in the United States, another letter containing traces of a second strain of anthrax was mailed to a pediatrician in Santiago, Chile. The letter was postmarked in Switzerland and sent via DHL, which used a Swiss bulk mail shipper in New York. This letter had an Orlando, Florida return address. No one is known to have been infected from it.
Anthrax material.
The letters sent to the media contained a coarse brown material, while the letters sent to the two U.S. Senators contained a fine powder. The brown granular anthrax mostly caused skin infections, cutaneous anthrax (9 out of 12 cases), although Kathy Nguyen's case of inhalation anthrax occurred at the same time and in the same general area as two cutaneous cases and several other exposures. The AMI letter which caused inhalation cases in Florida appears to have been mailed at the same time as the other media letters. The fine powder anthrax sent to the senators mostly caused the more dangerous form of infection known as inhalational anthrax (8 out of 10 cases). Postal worker Patrick O'Donnell and accountant Linda Burch contracted cutaneous anthrax from the Senate letters.
All of the material was derived from the same bacterial strain known as the Ames strain. Prior to the attacks, the Ames strain was believed to be a common strain isolated from a cow in Iowa. After the attacks, the investigation discovered that it was a relatively rare strain isolated from a cow in Texas in 1981 - a critical fact in the investigation. First researched at the United States Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases (USAMRIID), Fort Detrick, Maryland, the Ames strain was then distributed to sixteen bio-research labs within the U.S. and three other locations (Canada, Sweden and the United Kingdom).
DNA sequencing of the anthrax taken from Robert Stevens (the first victim) was conducted at The Institute for Genomic Research (TIGR) beginning in December 2001. Sequencing was finished within a month and the analysis was published in the journal "Science" in early 2002.
Radiocarbon dating conducted by the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in June 2002 established that the anthrax was cultured no more than two years before the mailings. In October 2006 it was reported that the water used to process the anthrax spores came from a source in the northeastern United States.
Mutations.
Early in 2002, it was noted that there were variants or mutations in the anthrax powders from the attacks. Once the mutations were identified as Ames, TIGR became involved to help further identify the mutations. Most of their work was completed between 2002 and late 2003. Other experts in biodefense were contracted to assist in developing the assays. The assays were validated over the many years of the investigation, and the repository of Ames samples was also being built. From roughly 2003 to 2006 the repository and the screening of the 1,070 Ames samples in that repository were completed.
Based on the testing, the FBI concluded that flask RMR-1029 was the parent material of the anthrax spore powder. Ivins had sole control over that flask.
Controversy over coatings and additives.
On October 24, 2001, USAMRIID scientist Peter Jahrling was summoned to the White House after he reported signs that silicon had been added to anthrax recovered from the letter addressed to Daschle. Silicon would make the anthrax more capable of penetrating the lungs. Seven years later, Jahrling told the Los Angeles Times on September 17, 2008, "I believe I made an honest mistake", adding that he had been "overly impressed" by what he thought he saw under the microscope.
Richard Preston's book provides details of conversations and events at USAMRIID during the period from October 16, 2001 to October 25, 2001. Key scientists described to Preston what they were thinking during that period. When the Daschle spores first arrived at USAMRIID, the key concern was that smallpox viruses might be mixed with the spores. "Jahrling met Ezzell in a hallway and said, in a loud voice, 'Goddamn it, John, we need to know if the powder is laced with smallpox.'" Thus, the initial search was for signs of smallpox viruses. On October 16, USAMRIID scientists began by examining spores that had been "in a milky white liquid" from "a field test done by the FBI's Hazardous Materials Response Unit". Liquid chemicals were then used to deactivate the spores. When scientists turned up the power on the electron beam of the Transmission Electron Microscope (TEM), "The spores began to ooze." According to Preston,
On October 25, 2001, the day after senior officials at the White House were informed that "additives" had been found in the anthrax, USAMRIID scientist Tom Geisbert took a different, irradiated sample of the Daschle anthrax to the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology (AFIP) to "find out if the powder contained any metals or elements". AFIP's energy dispersive X-ray spectrometer reportedly indicated "that there were two extra elements in the spores: silicon and oxygen. Silicon dioxide is glass. The anthrax terrorist or terrorists had put powdered glass, or silica, into the anthrax. The silica was powdered so finely that under Geisbert's electron microscope it had looked like fried-egg gunk dripping off the spores."
The "goop" Peter Jahrling had seen oozing from the spores was not seen when AFIP examined different spores killed with radiation.
The controversy began the day after the White House meeting. The New York Times reported, "Contradicting Some U.S. Officials, 3 Scientists Call Anthrax Powder High-Grade - Two Experts say the anthrax was altered to produce a more deadly weapon," and The Washington Post reported, "Additive Made Spores Deadlier". Countless news stories discussed the "additives" for the next eight years, continuing into 2010.
Later, the FBI claimed a "lone individual" could have created the anthrax spores for as little as $2,500, using a makeshift basement laboratory.
A number of press reports appeared suggesting the Senate anthrax had coatings and additives. "Newsweek" reported the anthrax sent to Senator Leahy had been coated with a chemical compound previously unknown to bioweapons experts. On October 28, 2002, The Washington Post reported, "FBI's Theory on Anthrax is Doubted" suggesting that the senate spores were coated with fumed silica. Two bioweapons experts utilized as consultants by the FBI, Kenneth Alibek and Matthew Meselson, were shown electron micrographs of the anthrax from the Daschle letter. In a November 5, 2002 letter to the editors of the "Washington Post" they stated that they saw no evidence the anthrax spores had been coated with fumed silica.
The November 28, 2003, issue of "Science" magazine contained an article by Gary Mastumoto titled, "Anthrax Powder: State of the Art?" It suggests that the senate anthrax "was a diabolical advance in biological weapons technology". The article describes "a technique used to anchor silica nanoparticles to the surface of spores" using "polymerized glass". According to Stuart Jacobsen, "polymerized glass" is "a silane or siloxane compound that's been dissolved in an alcohol- based solvent like ethanol". It leaves a thin glassy coating that helps bind the silica to particle surfaces.
The August 2006 issue of "Applied and Environmental Microbiology" contained an article written by Douglas Beecher of the FBI labs in Quantico, VA. The article, titled "Forensic Application of Microbiological Culture Analysis to Identify Mail Intentionally Contaminated with "Bacillus anthracis" spores," states "Individuals familiar with the compositions of the powders in the letters have indicated that they were comprised simply of spores purified to different extents." The article also specifically criticizes "a widely circulated misconception" "that the spores were produced using additives and sophisticated engineering supposedly akin to military weapon production". The harm done by this misconception is described this way: "This idea is usually the basis for implying that the powders were inordinately dangerous compared to spores alone. The persistent credence given to this impression fosters erroneous preconceptions, which may misguide research and preparedness efforts and generally detract from the magnitude of hazards posed by simple spore preparations." Critics of the article complained that it did not provide supporting references.
False report of Bentonite.
In late October 2001, ABC chief investigative correspondent Brian Ross linked the anthrax sample to Saddam Hussein because of its purportedly containing the unusual additive bentonite. On October 26, Ross said, "sources tell ABCNEWS the anthrax in the tainted letter sent to Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle was laced with bentonite. The potent additive is known to have been used by only one country in producing biochemical weapons — Iraq. . . . is a trademark of Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein's biological weapons program . . . The discovery of bentonite came in an urgent series of tests conducted at Fort Detrick, Maryland, and elsewhere." On October 28, Ross said that "despite continued White House denials, four well-placed and separate sources have told ABC News that initial tests on the anthrax by the U.S. Army at Fort Detrick, Maryland, have detected trace amounts of the chemical additives bentonite and silica", a charge that was repeated several times on October 28 and 29.
On October 29, 2001, White House spokesman Scott Stanzel "disputed reports that the anthrax sent to the Senate contained bentonite, an additive that ha been used in Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's biological weapons program." Stanzel said, "Based on the test results we have, no bentonite has been found." The same day, Major General John Parker at a White House briefing stated, "We do know that we found silica in the samples. Now, we don't know what that motive would be, or why it would be there, or anything. But there is silica in the samples. And that led us to be absolutely sure that there was no aluminum in the sample, because the combination of a silicate, plus aluminum, is sort of the major ingredients of bentonite." Just over a week later, Homeland Security Director Tom Ridge in a White House press conference on November 7, 2001 stated, "The ingredient that we talked about before was silicon." Neither Ross at ABC nor anyone else publicly pursued any further claims about bentonite, despite Ross's original claim that "four well-placed and separate sources" had confirmed its detection.
Dispute over silicon content.
Some of the anthrax spores (65-75%) in the anthrax attack letters contained silicon inside their spore coats. Silicon was even reportedly found inside the natural spore coat of a spore that was still inside the "mother germ", which was asserted to confirm that the element was not added after the spores were formed and purified, i.e., the spores were not "weaponized".
In 2010, a Japanese study reported, "silicon (Si) is considered to be a "quasiessential" element for most living organisms. However, silicate uptake in bacteria and its physiological functions have remained obscure." The study showed that spores from some species can contain as much as 6.3% dry weight of silicates. "For more than 20 years, significant levels of silicon had been reported in spores of at least some "Bacillus" species, including those of "Bacillus cereus", a close relative of "B. anthracis"." According to spore expert Peter Setlow, "Since silicate accumulation in other organisms can impart structural rigidity, perhaps silicate plays such a role for spores as well."
The FBI lab concluded that 1.4% of the powder in the Leahy letter was silicon. Stuart Jacobson, a small-particle chemistry expert stated that:
"This is a shockingly high proportion silicon. It is a number one would expect from the deliberate weaponization of anthrax, but not from any conceivable accidental contamination."
Scientists at the Lawrence Livermore National Labs conducted experiments in an attempt to determine if the amount of silicon in the growth medium was the controlling factor which caused silicon to accumulate inside a spore's natural coat. The Livermore scientists tried 56 different experiments, adding increasingly high amounts of silicon to the media. All of their results were far below the 1.4% level of the attack anthrax, some as low as .001%. The conclusion was that something other than the level of silicon controlled how much silicon was absorbed by the spores.
Richard O. Spertzel, a microbiologist who led the United Nations' biological weapons inspections of Iraq, wrote that the anthrax used could not have come from the lab where Ivins worked. Spertzel said he remained skeptical of the Bureau's argument despite the new evidence presented on August 18, 2008 in an unusual FBI briefing for reporters. He questioned the FBI's claim that the powder was less than military grade, in part because of the presence of high levels of silica. The FBI had been unable to reproduce the attack spores with the high levels of silica. The FBI attributed the presence of high silica levels to "natural variability". This conclusion of the FBI contradicted its statements at an earlier point in the investigation, when the FBI had stated, based on the silicon content, that the anthrax was "weaponized," a step that made the powder more airy and required special scientific know-how.
"If there is that much silicon, it had to have been added," stated Jeffrey Adamovicz, who supervised Ivins's work at Fort Detrick. Adamovicz explained that the silicon in the attack anthrax could have been added via a large fermentor, which Battelle and some other facilities use" but "we did not use a fermentor to grow anthrax at USAMRIID . . . We did not have the capability to add silicon compounds to anthrax spores." Ivins had neither the skills nor the means to attach silicon to anthrax spores. Richard Spertzel explained that the Fort Detrick facility did not handle anthrax in powdered form. "I don't think there's anyone there who would have the foggiest idea how to do it."
Investigation.
Authorities traveled to six continents, interviewed over nine thousand people, conducted 67 searches and issued over 6,000 subpoenas. "Hundreds of FBI personnel worked the case at the outset, struggling to discern whether the Sept. 11 al-Qaeda attacks and the anthrax murders were connected before eventually concluding that they were not." In September 2006, there were still 17 FBI agents and 10 postal inspectors assigned to the case, including FBI Special Agent C. Frank Figliuzzi who was the on-scene commander of the evidence recovery efforts.
Anthrax archive destroyed.
The FBI and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention both gave permission for Iowa State University to destroy the Iowa anthrax archive, and the archive was destroyed on October 10 and 11, 2001.
The FBI and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) investigation has been hampered by the destruction of a large collection of anthrax spores collected over more than seven decades and kept in more than 100 vials at Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa. Many scientists claim that the quick destruction of the anthrax spores collection in Iowa have eliminated crucial evidence useful for the investigation. A precise match between the strain of anthrax used in the attacks and a strain in the collection would have offered hints as to when bacteria had been isolated and, perhaps, as to how widely it had been distributed to researchers. Such genetic clues could have given investigators the evidence necessary to identify the perpetrators.
Al-Qaeda and Iraq blamed for attacks.
Immediately after the anthrax attacks, White House officials repeatedly pressured FBI Director Robert Mueller to prove that they were a second-wave assault by al-Qaeda following the September 11 attacks. During the president's morning intelligence briefings, Mueller was "beaten up" for not producing proof that the killer spores were the handiwork of terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden, according to a former aide. "They really wanted to blame somebody in the Middle East," the retired senior FBI official stated. The FBI knew early on that the anthrax used was of a consistency requiring sophisticated equipment and was unlikely to have been produced in some "cave". At the same time, both President Bush and Vice President Cheney in public statements speculated about the possibility of a link between the anthrax attacks and Al Qaeda. The Guardian reported in early October that American scientists had implicated Iraq as the source of the anthrax, and the next day the Wall St. Journal editorialized that Al Qaeda perpetrated the mailings, with Iraq the source of the anthrax. A few days later, John McCain suggested on the Late Show with David Letterman that the anthrax may have come from Iraq, and the next week ABC News did a series of reports stating that three or four (depending on the report) sources had identified bentonite as an ingredient in the anthrax preparations, implicating Iraq.
Statements by the White House and public officials quickly proved that there was no bentonite in the attack anthrax. "No tests ever found or even suggested the presence of bentonite. The claim was just concocted from the start. It just never happened." But, a few journalists repeated ABC's bentonite report for several years, even after the invasion of Iraq, as evidence that Saddam not only possessed "weapons of mass destruction", but had used them in attacks on the United States.
"Person of interest" – Steven Jay Hatfill.
In October 2001, as soon as it became known that the Ames strain of anthrax had been used in the attacks, longtime anti-nuclear, anti-biological warfare defense activist Barbara Hatch Rosenberg and others began suggesting that the attack might be the work of a "rogue CIA agent," and they provided the name of the "most likely" person to the FBI. On November 21, 2001, she made similar statements to the Biological and Toxic Weapons convention in Geneva. In December 2001, she published "A Compilation of Evidence and Comments on the Source of the Mailed Anthrax" via the web site of The Federation of American Scientists (FAS) suggesting the attacks were "perpetrated with the unwitting assistance of a sophisticated government program". She discussed the case with reporters from the New York Times. On January 4, 2002, Nicholas Kristof of the New York Times published a column titled "Profile of a Killer" stating "I think I know who sent out the anthrax last fall." For months, Rosenberg gave speeches and stated her beliefs to many reporters from around the world. She posted "Analysis of the Anthrax Attacks" to the FAS web site on January 17, 2002. On February 5, 2002 she published "Is the FBI Dragging Its Feet?" In response, the FBI stated, "There is no prime suspect in this case at this time." The Washington Post reported, "FBI officials over the last week have flatly discounted Dr. Rosenberg's claims." On June 13, 2002, Rosenberg posted "The Anthrax Case: What the FBI Knows" to the FAS site. On June 18, 2002, Rosenberg presented her theories to senate staffers working for Senators Daschle and Leahy. One week later, on June 25, the FBI publicly searched Hatfill's apartment. He becomes a household name. "The FBI also pointed out that Hatfill had agreed to the search and is not considered a suspect." American Prospect and Salon.com report, "Hatfill is not a suspect in the anthrax case, the FBI says." On August 3, 2002, Rosenberg tells the media that the FBI asked her if "a team of government scientists could be trying to frame Steven J. Hatfill." In August 2002, Attorney General John Ashcroft labeled Steven Hatfill a "person of interest" in a press conference, no charges were brought against him. Hatfill, a virologist, vehemently denied he had anything to do with the anthrax (bacteria) mailings and sued the FBI, the Justice Department, John Ashcroft, Alberto Gonzales, and others for violating his constitutional rights and for violating the Privacy Act. On June 27, 2008, the Department of Justice announced it would settle Hatfill's case for $5.8 million.
He has also sued "The New York Times" and its columnist Nicholas D. Kristof and, separately, Donald Foster, "Vanity Fair", "Reader's Digest", and Vassar College, for defamation. The case against "The New York Times" was initially dismissed, but it was reinstated on appeal. The dismissal was upheld by the appeals court on July 14, 2008 on the basis that Hatfill was a "public figure" and malice had not been proven. The case was appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court and was rejected by the Supreme Court on December 15, 2008. Hatfill's lawsuit against Vanity Fair and Reader's Digest was settled out of court in February 2007. No details of the financial settlement were made public. The statement released by Hatfill's lawyers only says "Dr. Hatfill's lawsuit has now been resolved to the mutual satisfaction of all the parties."
Bruce Edwards Ivins.
On August 1, 2008 the Associated Press reported that Bruce E. Ivins, 62, who worked for the past eighteen years at the government's bio defense labs at Fort Detrick, had apparently committed suicide. Ivins was a top U.S. biodefense researcher who worked at Ft. Detrick. It was widely reported the FBI was about to lay charges on him, but the evidence was largely circumstantial and the grand jury in Washington reported it was not ready to issue an indictment. Rep. Rush Holt, who represents the district where the anthrax letters were mailed, said circumstantial evidence was not enough and asked FBI Director Robert S. Mueller to appear before Congress to provide an account of the investigation. Ivins's death leaves two unanswered puzzles. Scientists familiar with germ warfare said there was no evidence that he had the skills to turn anthrax into an inhalable powder. According to Alan Zelicoff who aided the F.B.I. investigation "I don't think a vaccine specialist could do it . . . This is aerosol physics, not biology".
W. Russell Byrne, a colleague who worked in the bacteriology division of the Fort Detrick research facility, said Ivins was "hounded" by FBI agents who raided his home twice, and he was hospitalized for depression during that time.
According to Byrne and local police, Ivins was removed from his workplace out of fears that he might harm himself or others. "I think he was just psychologically exhausted by the whole process," Byrne said. "There are people who you just know are ticking bombs," Byrne said. "He was not one of them."
On August 6, 2008, federal prosecutors declared Ivins to be the sole culprit of the crime when Jeffrey Taylor, the U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia laid out the case against Ivins to the public. The main evidence is already in dispute. Taylor stated "The genetically unique parent material of the anthrax spores . . . was created and solely maintained by Dr. Ivins." But other experts disagree, including biological warfare and anthrax expert, Meryl Nass, who stated: "Let me reiterate: No matter how good the microbial forensics may be, they can only, at best, link the anthrax to a particular strain and lab. They cannot link it to any individual." At least 10 scientists had regular access to the laboratory and its anthrax stock, and possibly quite a few more, counting visitors from other institutions, and workers at laboratories in Ohio and New Mexico that had received anthrax samples from the flask. The FBI later claimed to have identified 419 people at Fort Detrick and other locations who had access to the lab where flask RMR-1029 was stored, or who had received samples from flask RMR-1029.
Mental health issues.
More than a year before the anthrax attacks of 2001 that killed five people, Bruce E. Ivins told a mental health counselor that he was interested in a young woman who lived out of town and that he had "mixed poison" that he took with him when he went to watch her play in a soccer match.
"If she lost, he was going to poison her," said the counselor, who treated Ivins at a Frederick clinic four or five times during the summer of 2000. She said Ivins emphasized that he was a skillful scientist who "knew how to do things without people finding out".
The counselor "was so alarmed by her client's emotionless description of a specific, homicidal plan that she immediately alerted the head of her clinic and a psychiatrist who had treated Ivins, as well as the Frederick Police Department. She said the police told her that nothing could be done because she did not have the woman's address or last name."
Nine years later, when Ivins told a different therapist that he planned to kill his co-workers and "go out in a blaze of glory," that therapist stated in an application for a restraining order that Ivins had a "history dating to his graduate days of homicidal threats, actions, plans, threats & actions towards therapist . Dr. David Irwin his psychiatrist called him homicidal, sociopathic with clear intentions".
Evidence of consciousness of guilt.
According to the report on the Amerithrax investigation published by the Department of Justice, Ivins engaged in actions and made statements that indicate a consciousness of guilt. He took environmental samples in his laboratory without authorization and decontaminated areas in which he had worked without reporting his activities. He also threw away a book about secret codes, which described methods similar to those used in the anthrax letters. Ivins threatened other scientists, made equivocal statements about his possible involvement in a conversation with an acquaintance, and put together outlandish theories in an effort to shift the blame for the anthrax mailings to people close to him.
The FBI said that Ivins' justifications for his actions after the environmental sampling, as well as his explanations for a subsequent sampling, contradicted his explanation for the motives for the sampling.
According to the Department of Justice, flask RMR-1029, which was created and controlled by Ivins, was used to create "the murder weapon".
In 2002, researchers did not believe it was possible to distinguish between Anthrax variants. In January 2002, Ivins suggested that DNA sequencing should show differences in the genetics of anthrax mutations which would allow the source to be identified. Despite researchers advising the FBI that this may not be possible, Ivins tutored agents on how to recognise them. Considered cutting edge at the time, this technique is now commonplace. In February 2002, Ivins volunteered to provide samples from several variants of the Ames strain in order to compare their morphs. He submitted two test tube "slants" each from four samples of the Ames strain in his collection. Two of the slants were from flask RMR-1029. Although the slants from flask RMR-1029 were later reported to be a positive match, all eight slants were reportedly in the wrong type of test tube and would therefore not be usable as evidence in court. On March 29, 2002, Ivins' boss instructed Ivins and others in Suites B3 and B4 on how to properly prepare slants for the FBI Repository. The subpoena also included instructions on the proper way to prepare slants. When Ivins was told that his February samples did not meet FBIR requirements, he prepared eight new slants. The two new slants prepared from flask RMR-1029 submitted in April by Ivins did not contain the mutations that were later determined to be in flask RMR-1029.
It was reported that in April 2004, Henry Heine found a test tube in the lab containing anthrax and contacted Ivins. In an email sent in reply, Ivins reportedly told him it was "probably RMR-1029" and for Heine to forward a sample to the FBI. Doubts regarding the reliability of the FBI tests were later raised when the FBI tested Heine's sample and a further one from Heine's test tube: one tested negative and one positive.
A DOJ Summary report of February 19, 2010 said that "the evidence suggested that Dr. Ivins obstructed the investigation either by providing a submission which was not in compliance with the subpoena, or worse, that he deliberately submitted a false sample." Records released under the Freedom of Information Act in 2011 show that Ivins provided four sets of samples from 2002 to 2004, twice the number the FBI reported. Three of the four sets tested positive for the morphs.
The FBI said that "At a group therapy session on July 9, 2008, Dr. Ivins was particularly upset. He revealed to the counselor and psychologist leading the group, and other members of the group, that he was a suspect in the anthrax investigation and that he was angry at the investigators, the government, and the system in general. He said he was not going to face the death penalty, but instead had a plan to 'take out' co-workers and other individuals who had wronged him. He noted that it was possible, with a plan, to commit murder and not make a mess. He stated that he had a bullet-proof vest, and a list of co-workers who had wronged him, and said that he was going to obtain a Glock firearm from his son within the next day, because federal agents were watching him and he could not obtain a weapon on his own. He added that he was going to 'go out in a blaze of glory.'"
While in a mental hospital, Ivins made menacing phone calls to his social worker Jean Duley on July 11 and 12. According to someone, this was another example of "consciousness of guilt".
Ivins's "non-denial" denials.
"The letters accompanying the anthrax read like the work of a jihadist, suggesting that their author was an Arab extremist—or someone masquerading as one—yet also advised recipients to take antibiotics, implying that whoever had mailed them never really intended to harm anyone." Experts have suggested that the anthrax mailings included a number of indications that the mailer was trying to "avoid" harming anyone with his warning letters. Examples: (1) None of the intended recipients of the letters were infected. (2) The seams on the backs of the envelopes were taped over as if to make certain the powders couldn't escape through open seams. (3) The letters were folded with the "pharmaceutical fold", which was used for centuries to safely contain and transport doses of powdered medicines (and currently to safely hold trace evidence). (4) The media letters provided "medical advice": "TAKE PENACILIN NOW." (5) The senate letters informed the recipient that the powder was anthrax: "WE HAVE THIS ANTHRAX." And, (6) at the time of the mailings, it was generally believed that such powders could not escape from a sealed envelope - except through the two open corners where a letter opener is inserted, and those corners had been taped shut.
In June 2008, Ivins was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric hospital. The FBI said that during a June 5 group therapy session there, Ivins had a conversation with a witness, during which he made a series of statements about the anthrax mailings that the FBI said could best be characterized as "non-denial denials". When asked about the anthrax attacks and whether he could have had anything to do with them, the FBI said that Ivins admitted he suffered from loss of memory, stating that he would wake up dressed and wonder if he had gone out during the night. Some of his responses allegedly included the following selected quotes:
In an interview with a Confidential Human Resource (CHR) which took place on January 8, 2008, the FBI said that the CHR told FBI agents that since Ivins' last interview with the FBI (on November 1, 2007), Ivins has "on occasion spontaneously declared at work, 'I could never intentionally kill or hurt someone.'"
Doubts about FBI conclusions.
After the FBI announced that Ivins acted alone, many people with a broad range of political views, some of whom were colleagues of Ivins, expressed doubts. Reasons cited for these doubts include that Ivins was only one of 100 people who could have worked with the vial used in the attacks and that the FBI couldn't place him near the New Jersey mailbox from which the anthrax was mailed. The FBI's own genetic consultant, Claire Fraser-Ligget stated that the failure to find any anthrax spores in Ivins' house, vehicle or on any of his belongings seriously undermined the case. Noting unanswered questions about the FBI's scientific tests and lack of peer review, Jeffrey Adamovicz, one of Ivins’s supervisors in USAMRIID’s bacteriology division, stated, "I’d say the vast majority of people Fort Detrick think he had nothing to do with it." More than 200 colleagues attended his memorial service following his death.
Alternative theories proposed include FBI incompetence, that Syria or Iraq directed the attacks, or that similar to some 9/11 conspiracy theories the U.S. government knew in advance that the attacks would occur. Senator Patrick Leahy who is Senate Judiciary Committee chairman and who had received an anthrax-tainted letter, said the FBI has not produced convincing evidence in the case. "The Washington Post" called for an independent investigation in the case saying that reporters and scientists were poking holes in the case.
On September 17, 2008, Senator Patrick Leahy told FBI Director Robert Mueller during testimony before his the Judiciary Committee Leahy chairs, that he did not believe Army scientist Bruce Ivins acted alone in the 2001 anthrax attacks, stating:
Tom Daschle, the other Democratic senator targeted, believes Ivins was the sole culprit.
Although the FBI matched the genetic origin of the attack spores to the spores in Ivins' flask RMR-1029, the spores within flask RMR-1029 did not have the same silicon chemical "fingerprint" as the spores in the attack letters. The implication is that spores taken out of flask RMR-1029 had been used to grow "new" spores for the mailings.
On April 22, 2010, the U.S. National Research Council, the operating arm of the National Academy of Sciences, convened a review committee that heard testimony from Henry Heine, a microbiologist who was formerly employed at the Army's biodefense laboratory in Maryland where Ivins had worked. Heine told the panel that it was impossible that the deadly spores had been produced undetected in Ivins's laboratory, as maintained by the F.B.I. He testified that using the equipment at the army lab, at least a year of intensive work would have been required to produce the quantity of spores contained in the letters, and that such an intensive effort could not have escaped the attention of colleagues. Heine also told the panel that lab technicians who worked closely with Ivins have told him they saw no such work. He stated further that where Ivins worked biological containment measures were inadequate to prevent the Anthrax spores from floating out of the laboratory into animal cages and offices. "You'd have had dead animals or dead people," Heine said. According to Science Magazine, "Heine caveated his remarks by saying that he himself had no experience making anthrax stocks." Science magazine provides additional comments by Adam Driks of Loyola who stated that the amount of anthrax in the letters could be made in "a number of days". Emails by Ivins state, "We can presently make 1 X 10^12 trillion spores per week." And The New York Times reported on May 7, 2002, that the Leahy letter contained .871 grams of anthrax powder to 871 billion spores
In a technical article to be published in the "Journal of Bioterrorism & Biodefense" in 2011, three scientists argued that the preparation of the spores did require a high level of sophistication, contrary to the position taken by federal authorities that the material would have been unsophisticated. The paper is largely based on the high level of tin detected in tests of the mailed anthrax, and the tin may have been used to encapsulate the spores, which required processing not possible in laboratories to which Ivins had access. According to the scientific article, this raises the possibility that Ivins was not the perpetrator or did not act alone. Earlier in the investigation, the FBI had named tin as a substance "of interest" but the final report makes no mention of it and fails to address the high tin content. The chairwoman of the National Academy of Science panel that reviewed the FBI's scientific work and the director of a separate review by the Government Accountability Office said that the issues raised by the paper should be addressed. Other scientists, such as Johnathan L. Kiel, a retired Air Force scientist who worked on anthrax for many years, did not agree with the authors' assessments – saying that the tin might be a random contaminant rather than a clue to complex processing. Kiel said that tin might simply be picked up by the spores as a result of the use of metal lab containers, although he had not tested that idea.
In 2011, the chief of the Bacteriology Division at the Army laboratory, Patricia Worsham, said it lacked the facilities in 2001 to make the kind of spores in the letters. In 2011, the government conceded that the equipment required was not available in the lab calling into question a key pillar of the FBI’s case, that Ivins had produced the anthrax in his lab. According to Worsham, the lab’s equipment for drying spores, a machine the size of a refrigerator, was not in containment so that it would be expected that non-immunized personnel in that area would have become ill. Colleagues of Ivins at the lab have asserted that he couldn’t have grown the quantity of anthrax used in the letters without their noticing it.
A spokesman for the Justice Department said that the investigators continue to believe that Ivins acted alone.
Evidence of 9/11 link to anthrax.
Experts at the Johns Hopkins Center for Civilian Biodefense Strategies (CCBS) concluded that one of the nineteen 9/11 hijackers, Ahmed al-Haznawi, had likely been exposed to anthrax. Alhaznawi and another man arrived in the emergency room of a Fort Lauderdale, Florida, hospital presenting an ugly, dark lesion on his leg that he said he developed after bumping into a suitcase two months earlier. Christos Tsonas thought the injury was curious, cleaned it and prescribed an antibiotic. After September 11, federal investigators found the medicine prescribed by Tsonas among the possessions of Alhaznawi.
Tsonas came to believe that Alhaznawi's lesion "was consistent with cutaneous anthrax," a disease that causes skin lesions. The experts at the Johns Hopkins Center for Civilian Biodefense Strategies interviewed Tsonas and prepared a memorandum that was circulated among top government officials. The memorandum said that
the diagnosis of cutaneous anthrax was "the most probable and coherent interpretation of the data available" and that "such a conclusion of course raises the possibility that the hijackers were handling anthrax and were the perpetrators of the anthrax letter attacks."
Several 9/11 hijackers, including Alhaznawi, lived in Boca Raton, Florida, near American Media Inc. workplace of the first victim of the anthrax attacks. They also attended flight school there. Some of the hijackers rented apartments from a real estate agent who was the wife of an editor of The Sun, a publication of American Media. Further, a pharmacist in Delray Beach, Florida, stated he had told the F.B.I. that two of the 9/11 hijackers, Mohamed Atta and Marwan al-Shehhi, entered the pharmacy seeking medicine to treat irritations on Mr. Atta's hands.
If the 9/11 hijackers were involved in the anthrax attacks they would probably have needed an accomplice to mail the tainted letters since the four recovered anthrax letters were postmarked on September 18 and October 9.
Congressional oversight.
Congressman Rush Holt, whose district in New Jersey includes a mailbox from which anthrax letters are believed to have been mailed, called for an investigation of the anthrax attacks by Congress or by an independent commission he proposed in a bill entitled the Anthrax Attacks Investigation Act (H.R. 1248) Other members of Congress have also called for an independent investigation.
An official of the U.S. administration said in March 2010 that President Barack Obama probably would veto legislation authorizing the next budget for U.S. intelligence agencies if it called for a new investigation into the 2001 anthrax attacks, as such an investigation "would undermine public confidence" in an FBI probe. In a letter to congressional leaders, Peter Orszag, the director of the Office of Management and Budget at the time, wrote that an investigation would be "duplicative", and expressed concerrn about the appearance and precedent involved when Congress commissions an agency Inspector General to replicate a criminal investigation, but did not list the anthrax investigation as an issue that was serious enough to advise the President to veto the entire bill.
National Academy of Sciences review.
In what appears to have been a response to lingering skepticism, on September 16, 2008, the FBI asked the National Academy of Sciences (NAS) to conduct an independent review of the scientific evidence that led the agency to implicate U.S. Army researcher Bruce Ivins in the anthrax letter attacks of 2001. However, despite taking this action, Director Mueller said that the scientific methods applied in the investigation had already been vetted by the research community through the involvement of several dozen nonagency scientists.
The NAS review officially got underway on April 24, 2009. While the scope of the project included the consideration of facts and data surrounding the investigation of the 2001 "Bacillus anthracis" mailings, as well as a review of the principles and methods used by the FBI, the NAS committee was not given the task to "undertake an assessment of the probative value of the scientific evidence in any specific component of the investigation, prosecution, or civil litigation," nor to offer any view on the guilt or innocence of any of the involved people.
In mid-2009, the NAS committee held public sessions, in which presentations were made by scientists, including scientists from the FBI laboratories. In September 2009, scientists, including Paul Keim of Northern Arizona University, Joseph Michael of Sandia National Laboratory and Peter Weber of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, presented their findings. In one of the presentations, scientists reported that they did not find any silica particles on the outside of the spores (i.e., there was no "weaponization"), and only that only some of the spores in the anthrax letters contained silicon inside their spore coats. One of the spores was still inside the "mother germ", yet it already had silicon inside its spore coat.
In October 2010, the FBI submitted materials to NAS that it had not previously provided. Included in the new materials were results of analyses performed on environmental samples collected from an overseas site. Those analyses yielded evidence of the Ames strain in some samples. NAS recommended a review of those investigations.
The NAS committee released its report on February 15, 2011, concluding that it was "impossible to reach any definitive conclusion about the origins of the anthrax in the letters, based solely on the available scientific evidence". The report also challenged the FBI and U.S. Justice Department's conclusion that a single-spore batch of anthrax maintained by Ivins at his laboratory at Fort Detrick in Maryland was the parent material for the spores in the anthrax letters.
Aftermath.
Contamination and cleanup.
Dozens of buildings were contaminated with anthrax as a result of the mailings. AMI moved to a different building. The decontamination of the Brentwood postal facility took 26 months and cost $130 million. The Hamilton, New Jersey postal facility remained closed until March 2005; its cleanup cost $65 million. The United States Environmental Protection Agency spent $41.7 million to clean up government buildings in Washington, D.C. One FBI document said the total damage exceeded $1 billion.
The principal means of decontamination is fumigation with chlorine dioxide gas.
Political effects.
The anthrax attacks, as well as the September 11, 2001 attacks, have spurred significant increases in U.S. government funding for biological warfare research and preparedness. For example, biowarfare-related funding at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) increased by $1.5 billion in 2003. In 2004, Congress passed the Project Bioshield Act, which provides $5.6 billion over ten years for the purchase of new vaccines and drugs.
A theory that Iraq was behind the attacks, based upon the evidence that the powder was weaponized and some reports of alleged meetings between 9/11 conspirators and Iraqi officials, may have contributed to the momentum which ultimately led to the 2003 war.
After the 9/11 attacks and the subsequent anthrax mailings, lawmakers were pressed for legislation to combat further terrorist acts. Under heavy pressure from then Attorney General John D. Ashcroft, a bipartisan compromise in the House Judiciary Committee allowed legislation for the Patriot Act to move forward for full consideration later that month.
Health.
Years after the attack, several anthrax victims reported lingering health problems including fatigue, shortness of breath and memory loss. The cause of the reported symptoms is unknown.
A 2004 study proposed that the total number of people harmed by the anthrax attacks of 2001 should be raised to 68.
A postal inspector, William Paliscak, became severely ill and disabled after removing an anthrax-contaminated air filter from the Brentwood mail facility on October 19, 2001. Although his doctors, Tyler Cymet and Gary Kerkvliet, believe that the illness was caused by anthrax exposure, blood tests did not find anthrax bacteria or antibodies, and therefore the CDC does not recognize it as a case of inhalational anthrax.

</doc>
<doc id="18974180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974180" title="Helena Fromm">
Helena Fromm

Helena Fromm (born 5 August 1987 in Oeventrop, Nordrhein-Westfalen, West Germany) is a German taekwondo athlete. Representing Germany at the 2007 World Taekwondo Championships in Beijing, China, she won the bronze medal in the welterweight (–67 kg) division. In 2008, she participated in the European Takwondo Championships in Rome, Italy, and won the gold medal in the welterweight division, winning over Gwladys Épangue of France in the final. 
Fromm represented her country in the –67 kg class at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Winning her first fight 6–1, before losing to Asunción Ocasio of Puerto Rico by points.
She won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's 67 kg category.

</doc>
<doc id="18974217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974217" title="Cookie Monster">
Cookie Monster

Cookie Monster is a Muppet on the children's television show "Sesame Street." He is best known for his voracious appetite and his famous eating phrases: "Me want cookie!", "Me eat cookie!", and "Om nom nom nom" (said through a mouth full of food). He often eats anything and everything, including danishes, donuts, lettuce, apples, bananas, as well as normally inedible objects. However, as his name suggests, his preferred food is cookies. Chocolate chip cookies are his favorite kind; oatmeal cookies are his second favorite. In a song in 2004, Cookie Monster revealed that, before he ate his first cookie, he believes his name was Sid. Showing awareness of healthy eating habits for children, since 2006 he has said that cookies are "a sometime snack" and that he also likes fruits and eggplant.
He is known to have a mother, a younger sister, and an identically-designed cousin, who all share his characteristic blue fur and "googly eyes". He also has a father, who appeared in a "Monsterpiece Theater" sketch promoting energy conservation, water conservation and environmentalism. Both Cookie Monster's mother and father share his enormous appetite and craving for cookies. He and his "Sesame Street" friends are popular motifs on T-shirts.
Origin.
The book "Jim Henson's Designs and Doodles" explains Cookie Monster's origin as follows: "In 1966, Henson drew three monsters that ate cookies and appeared in a General Foods commercial that featured three crunchy snack foods: Wheels, Crowns and Flutes. Each snack was represented by a different monster. The Wheel-Stealer was a short, fuzzy monster with wonky eyes and sharply pointed teeth. The Flute-Snatcher was a speed demon with a long, sharp nose and windblown hair. The Crown-Grabber was a hulk of a monster with a Boris Karloff accent and teeth that resembled giant knitting needles.
These monsters had big appetites for the snack foods (like cookies) they were named after. Each time the Muppet narrator, a human-looking fellow, fixes himself a tray of Wheels, Flutes and Crowns, they disappear before he can eat them. One by one, the monsters sneak in and zoom away with the snacks. Frustrated and peckish, the narrator warns viewers that "these pesky monsters could be disguised as someone in your own home", at which point the monsters briefly turn into people and then dissolve back to monsters again.
As it turns out, these commercials were never aired — but all three monsters had a future in the Muppet cast. The "Crown-Grabber" was used in a sketch on "The Ed Sullivan Show", in which he ruins a girl's beautiful day. Known from then on as the Beautiful Day Monster, he made a number of appearances on "Sesame Street" and "The Muppet Show". The "Flute-Snatcher" turned into Snake Frackle, a background monster from "The Great Santa Claus Switch" and "The Muppet Show".
In 1967, Henson used the "Wheel-Stealer" puppet for an IBM training film called "Coffee Break Machine". In the sketch, called "The Computer Dinner", the monster (with frightening eyes and fangs) devours a complex coffee making machine as it describes its different parts. When he is finished, the machine announces the monster has activated the machine's anti-vandalism system, which contains the most powerful explosives known to man. The monster promptly explodes. This sketch was also performed in October, 1967 on "The Ed Sullivan Show". It was also later performed on the George Burns episode of "The Muppet Show" using the Luncheon Counter Monster.
Two years later, Henson used a similarly-designed and equally ravenous monster for three commercials selling Munchos, a Frito-Lay potato chip. This time, the puppet was called Arnold, the Munching Monster. After the three ads were produced, Henson had the opportunity to renew the contract. He chose not to, because at that point he was working on "Sesame Street" — and that monster puppet was moving on to the next stage in his career.
Cookie Monster, still unnamed, made his "Sesame Street" debut in the first episode, interfering with Kermit the Frog's "famous W lecture" by eating a model "W" bit by bit. He turns it into an "N", a "V", and finally an "I", to Kermit's frustration. He then tries to eat Kermit.
It was during the first season that Cookie Monster got his name and began using the growly vernacular (e.g., "Me eat cookie!") that would become part of his character. His signature song, "C Is For Cookie", was first aired during the 1971-1972 season, and became one of the best-known songs from "Sesame Street".
According to the 1978 special "Christmas Eve on Sesame Street", Cookie Monster is allergic to peanut butter cookies.
Development.
In 2006, in response to growing concerns about record levels of childhood obesity in the United States, "Sesame Street" began airing segments titled Healthy Habits for Life. In these segments, the Muppet characters of "Sesame Street" talk about healthy habits, such as eating properly and exercising. The "Healthy Habits for Life" segments spawned Internet rumors that Cookie Monster's name had been changed to Veggie Monster or would be taken off the show entirely.
In a 2007 appearance on Martha Stewart's TV program, Cookie Monster explained his new philosophy that "Cookies are a sometimes food."
On February 10, 2008, NPR host Elizabeth Blair interviewed Cookie Monster for the "All Things Considered" segment "In Character". He answered the Proust Questionnaire, as well as revealing some of his favorite and non-favorite things.
In a June 19, 2008, appearance on "The Colbert Report", Cookie Monster again explained that "Cookies are a sometimes food." He also attempted to eat Stephen Colbert's Peabody Award. Colbert had asked agitatedly why Cookie Monster had "abandoned the pro-cookie agenda" and thus caused fruit to become the favorite snack of American children, according to a study Colbert had heard. Colbert criticized Cookie Monster for not wearing a cookie lapel pin. Cookie Monster also claimed to have "crazy times during the '70s and '80s", referring to himself as "the Robert Downey, Jr. of cookies." After eating a cookie to prove he still likes cookies, Cookie Monster asked if the Peabody Award, a round medallion on a small pedestal, was a cookie. When Colbert returned to speak to Cookie Monster at the end of the show, the award had disappeared and Cookie Monster was wiping his mouth with a napkin.
On November 24, 2010, Cookie Monster started a Facebook page as part of a campaign to host "Saturday Night Live". Though his bid to host "Saturday Night Live" failed, he was allowed to appear with Jeff Bridges when he hosted the show and sing the Christmas song "Silver Bells".
Casting history.
Main performers
Alternate performers
David Rudman officially became Cookie Monster in "Sesame Street's" 2002 season (taped 2001), but the year before that, Rudman shared the part with Eric Jacobson, Frank Oz's primary successor. Once Jacobson was cast as Grover and Bert, Sesame Workshop chose Rudman as Cookie Monster to allow for more interaction between Cookie Monster and Bert/Grover. Frank Oz still performs Cookie Monster and his other "Sesame Street" characters a couple of times per year.
Merchandise.
Various toys and other icons of the Cookie Monster have been produced over the years. The most obvious is a cookie jar, of which several types have been offered.
Numerous children's books featuring Cookie Monster have been published over the years:
Cultural references.
Familiar to generations of "Sesame Street" watchers, Cookie Monster is remembered for his gluttony and his distinctive voice.
Immoderation.
In 1990 U.S. Budget Director Richard Darman wrote an introduction to the federal budget with a section "Green Eyeshades and the Cookie Monster" in which he called Cookie "the quintessential consumer", and the enormous budget "the Ultimate Cookie Monster".
In the Food Network program "Good Eats" episode "Three Chips for Sister Marsha" (first aired December 13, 2000), a puppet named Maj. Wilfred D. Cookie who looks like a green version of Cookie Monster appears. Asked about his well-known "brother", he responds, "I told you never to mention that ruffian. All he knows about cookies is how to shovel them into his face." In the Fox animated series "Family Guy" episode "Model Misbehavior", Cookie Monster is shown in a psychiatric hospital, repeatedly foiling drug rehab styled efforts to cure his cookie addiction.
Trekkie Monster in "Avenue Q" is loosely based on Cookie Monster.
Voice.
The guttural singing style in death metal bands is commonly (if facetiously) compared to Cookie Monster's low-pitched, gravelly voice.
Other.
In "Family Guy", his voracious appetite was parodied and compared to the habits of a drug-addict. Thus, he was shown taken into a drug rehabilitation center, and where his "contraband" was taken away by security officials. Later in the "" spoof "Something, Something, Something, Dark Side", Cookie Monster is cast as the Wampa. In another sci-fi related takeoff, the "Star Wars" spoof "Hardware Wars" features "Chewchilla the Wookie Monster" in the role of Chewbacca.
He also appears in "MAD", first in "Mouse M.D", a parody of "House M.D.", then as the main character in "Cookie Blue", a parody of "Rookie Blue".
He has also physically appeared in YouTube's 2013 Rewind video alongside Sesame Street costar Grover and other Internet celebrities including Smosh, Ryan Higa, iJustine and Macklemore.

</doc>
<doc id="18974232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974232" title="Nicole Callisto">
Nicole Callisto

Nicole Callisto (born 12 November 1987 in Joondalup, Western Australia) is an Australian BMX cyclist who represented Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She began riding when she was three and won the 2005 Junior World BMX Championships.
Callisto has been under contract with Free Agent Bicycles for the Free Agent World BMX Team since the 2006 BMX racing season.
Callisto currently lives in the Sydney, Australia area, and frequently travels out of country to compete in international BMX events called "world(s)" events.

</doc>
<doc id="18974245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974245" title="Church of Saint Menas (Cairo)">
Church of Saint Menas (Cairo)

The Coptic Orthodox Church of Saint Menas ( "") is a Coptic Orthodox church near Coptic Cairo and is one of the oldest Coptic churches in Egypt, dating back to the 6th century AD.
Geographic Significance.
St. Mena's church is on the north end of Coptic Cairo, located in a region known as "Fum al-Khalig" (), north of the Roman aqueduct and the famed Babylon Fortress, at a Christian cemetery in the north end of Old Cairo.
Fum al Khalig is technically "north" of Old Cairo, however, it is still under the Coptic Orthodox Diocese of Old Cairo, Manial and Fum Al-Khalig.
Fum al Khalig is also known as Al-Hamra (; literally: "the red one" in Egyptian Arabic). The Coptic Orthodox Diocese encompasses El-Hamra as well as Coptic Cairo. St. Menas Church is still very near to the ancient Churches of Old Cairo, and is likely the first Coptic Orthodox Church in Cairo aside from several Churches that were all in the Old Cairo area at the time. Not only is it evidence of the past existence of Coptic Orthodox Christianity in Cairo outside of the Old City (being close to the northern tip of the district), but it is also one of few surviving pieces and large remnants of Coptic architecture that remains to this day.
History.
St. Mena's Church is, along with the UNESCO World Heritage site of Abu Mena, one of the best recognized architectural elements that are named after St. Mena. Having been established in the 6th century, it is also one of the oldest churches in Egypt. In the eighth century, it is said that the church of Sain was destroyed during the reign of caliph Hisham Ibn Abdel Malik Ibn Marwan, and rebuilt soon afterwards.
In 1164 AD, the Church was renovated again. Pillars were constructed for the purpose of replacing the marble columns. These same masonry pillars, which still exist in the present, separate the nave from the aisles with six on each side.
The Church Today.
Nowadays, only sections of the central sanctuary and the outer wall remain from the 8th century building. The church is divided into many sanctuaries, nave and aisles. Tourists can see depiction of the Holy Coptic Bible from the walls of the church. The current building measures about 20.5 by 15 meters and stands 13.5 meters high.
St. Mena's relics were formerly kept in this church, however, most of these relics were transferred to the famous Monastery of St. Mina in Mariut (near Alexandria) in 1962. The only remaining ones are kept in the narthex of the church. On the southern sanctuary, there is shrine that contains a number of beautiful icons embroidered in the Coptic style.

</doc>
<doc id="18974246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974246" title="Pseudodipteral">
Pseudodipteral

Pseudodipteral describes a Greek Temple with a single peristyle surrounding the cella at the distance of two intercolumns and one column. Unlike peripteral temples, there is a greater space between the columns of the peristyle and the cella; dipteral temples have two peristyles. 
Temple "G", in Selinunte, an ancient Greek archaeological site in Italy, is a good example of the pseudodipteral plan. 

</doc>
<doc id="18974249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974249" title="Pedestrianism">
Pedestrianism

Pedestrianism was a 19th-century form of competitive walking, often professional and funded by wagering, from which the modern sport of racewalking developed.
18th- and early 19th-century Britain.
During the late eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, pedestrianism, like running or horse racing (equestrianism) was a popular spectator sport in the British Isles. Pedestrianism became a fixture at fairs – much like horse racing – developing from wagers on footraces, rambling, and 17th century footman wagering. Sources from the late 17th and early 18th century in England write of aristocrats pitting their carriage footmen, constrained to walk by the speed of their masters' carriages, against one another. By the end of the 18th century, and especially with the growth of the popular press, feats of foot travel over great distances (similar to a modern Ultramarathon) gained attention, and were labeled "pedestrianism".
Distance feats and wagering.
One of the most famous pedestrians of the day was Captain Robert Barclay Allardice, called "The Celebrated Pedestrian", of Stonehaven. His most impressive feat was to walk 1 mile every hour for 1000 hours, which he achieved between June 1 and July 12 1809. This feat captured the imagination of the public, and around 10,000 people came to watch over the course of the event.Peter Radford. The Celebrated Captain Barclay: Sport, Gambling and Adventure in Regency Times. Headline Review, New Ed, (2002) ISBN 978-0-7472-6490-3</ref> During the nineteenth century, attempts to repeat this particular athletic challenge were made by many pedestrians including the renowned Ada Anderson who developed it further and walked a quarter-mile in each quarter-hour over the 1,000 hours. Another popular goal was for competitors in long distance walks to walk 100 miles in less than 24 hours, from which they earned the nickname "Centurions". Enormous cash prizes were offered for these races and they were a popular activity for the press, crowds of working class spectators, and the betting public until the 1880s.
Growth and controversy.
Interest in the sport, and the wagering which accompanied it, spread to the United States, Canada, and Australia in the 19th century. By the end of the 19th century, Pedestrianism was largely displaced by the rise in modern spectator sports and by controversy involving rules, which limited its appeal as a source of wagering and led to its inclusion in the amateur athletics movement—and eventually the creation of racewalking.
Heel-to-toe rule.
Pedestrianism was first codified in the last half of the 19th century, evolving into what would become racewalking, while diverging from the long distance cross country fell running, other track and field athletics, and recreational hiking or hillwalking. By the mid 19th century, competitors were often expected to extend their legs straight at least once in their stride, and obey what was called the "fair heel and toe" rule. This rule, the source of modern racewalking, was a vague commandment that the toe of one foot could not leave the ground before the heel of the next foot touched down. This said, rules were customary and changed with competition. Racers were usually allowed to jog in order to fend off cramps, and it was distance, not code, which determined gait for longer races. Newspaper reports suggest that "trotting" was common in events.
Heyday.
This longer form of "ultra marathon" walking was especially featured in the popular press, and in the decade after the Civil War in the United States was a source of fascination. Edward Payson Weston, a reporter for the New York Herald won a $10,000 prize by walking 1,136 miles from Portland, Maine, to Chicago in thirty days in 1867. In the United States a series of Women's competitions were staged, special indoor tracks were built in some towns, and intra-community long distance Pedestrianism came into vogue. Along with sensational feats of distance, gambling was a central attraction for the large, mostly working-class crowds which came to Pedestrian events. 
In the United Kingdom, member of Parliament Sir John Astley founded a "Long Distance Championship of the World" in 1878, run over six days, which became known as the "Astley Belt Races". While marking a peak in press coverage of such races, the Astley Belt Races also allowed a wide interpretation of rules, with trotting, jogging, and even some running allowed. In part, this competition was inspired by a desire to clean up the perception of the sport as corrupted by gambling interests, and this led to a push amongst some to codify Pedestrianism as an amateur sport. This was the same process happening to British track and field athletics which eventually gave rise to the Modern Olympic Movement.
Amateur sport and racewalking.
Walkers organised the first English amateur walking championship in 1866, which was won by John Chambers, and judged by the "fair heel and toe" rule. This rather vague code was the basis for the rules codified at the first Championships Meeting in 1880 of the Amateur Athletics Association in England, the birth of modern athletics. With football, cricket and other sports codified in the 19th century, the transition from professional pedestrianism to amateur codified racewalking was, while relatively late, part of a process of regularisation occurring in most modern sports at this time.
This codified racewalk was included when the International Olympic Committee formed in 1893. In the 1904 Olympic Games the "all-rounder" event, father of the decathlon, included an "800-yard walk". It was only in the unofficial "Interim Olympic Games" of 1906 that racewalking became a separate event and since the 1908 Olympic Games in London, it has been an official event in every summer games.
Foot racing.
Foot racing was a form of competitive running and walking of the 17th and early 18th centuries. Usually it involved feats of endurance which would now be classified as ultramarathon. It evolved into pedestrianism.

</doc>
<doc id="18974263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974263" title="Johann Paul Uhle">
Johann Paul Uhle

Johann Paul Uhle (April 17, 1827 - November 4, 1861) was a German physician and pathologist who was born in Nossen, Saxony. He died of tuberculosis in Jena at the age of 34.
In 1852 he received his medical doctorate at the University of Leipzig. He was an assistant at St. George's Hospital at Leipzig, and in 1859 became a professor at Dorpat. In 1860 he relocated to Jena as a professor of special pathology and director of the medical clinic.
With Ernst Leberecht Wagner (1829-1888), Uhle was co-author of an influential textbook of general pathology titled "Handbuch der allgemeinen Pathologie". It was published in seven editions, and was translated into English, French, Polish and Greek. Uhle was also author of "Der Winter in Oberägypten als klimatisches Heilmittel" (On the Winter in Upper Egypt as a Climatic Remedy).

</doc>
<doc id="18974265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974265" title="Agbis">
Agbis

Agbis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18974288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974288" title="Agbiz">
Agbiz

Agbiz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18974293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974293" title="Laëtitia Le Corguillé">
Laëtitia Le Corguillé

Laëtitia Le Corguillé (born July 29, 1986 in Saint-Brieuc) is a French BMX racer and Olympic athlete who won the silver medal in BMX at the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games.
She began to cycle BMX bikes in 1991, following the example of her older brother Emeric Le Corguillé. In 2005, Le Courguillé joined the division of France BMX located in Aix-en-Provence to participate in an intensive training programme in advance of the 2008 Olympics Games. At the 2008 Games, the first time for BMX to be an Olympic sport, she took the silver medal behind her compatriot Anne-Caroline Chausson and ahead of British woman Shanaze Reade. At the 2012 Olympic Games, she finished fourth in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18974294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974294" title="Chamwino">
Chamwino

Chamwino is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 41,028.

</doc>
<doc id="18974301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974301" title="Chihanga">
Chihanga

Chihanga is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 9,747.

</doc>
<doc id="18974302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974302" title="Głuchówek">
Głuchówek

Głuchówek may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18974303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974303" title="Dodoma Makulu">
Dodoma Makulu

Dodoma Makulu is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 5,904.

</doc>
<doc id="18974304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974304" title="Głuchówek, Łódź Voivodeship">
Głuchówek, Łódź Voivodeship

Głuchówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974309" title="Helenów, Rawa County">
Helenów, Rawa County

Helenów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974310" title="Hazina">
Hazina

Hazina is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 11,717.

</doc>
<doc id="18974312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974312" title="Huta Wałowska">
Huta Wałowska

Huta Wałowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 108.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974315" title="Jakubów, Rawa County">
Jakubów, Rawa County

Jakubów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974316" title="Hombolo">
Hombolo

Hombolo is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 20,313.

</doc>
<doc id="18974317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974317" title="Janolin">
Janolin

Janolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974319" title="Julianów, Rawa County">
Julianów, Rawa County

Julianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974321" title="Ipala (Tanzanian ward)">
Ipala (Tanzanian ward)

Ipala is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 8,966.

</doc>
<doc id="18974323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974323" title="Julianów Raducki">
Julianów Raducki

Julianów Raducki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974327" title="Kikombo">
Kikombo

Kikombo is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 7,905.

</doc>
<doc id="18974329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974329" title="Kaleń, Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka">
Kaleń, Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka

Kaleń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974331" title="Kaliszki, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kaliszki, Łódź Voivodeship

Kaliszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974332" title="Kikuyu North">
Kikuyu North

Kikuyu North is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 6,715.

</doc>
<doc id="18974333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974333" title="Kikuyu South">
Kikuyu South

Kikuyu South is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 3,910. Hon. Emmanuel Chibanji Leuna was the council member from the ward who died just two months after he was elected in October, 2010 General election from the ruling party, CCM.

</doc>
<doc id="18974334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974334" title="Konopnica, Rawa County">
Konopnica, Rawa County

Konopnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 430.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974335" title="Księża Wola">
Księża Wola

Księża Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974336" title="Kilimani (Tanzanian ward)">
Kilimani (Tanzanian ward)

Kilimani is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 4,280.

</doc>
<doc id="18974337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974337" title="Kurzeszyn">
Kurzeszyn

Kurzeszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 650.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974339" title="Kurzeszynek">
Kurzeszynek

Kurzeszynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974341" title="Kiwanja cha Ndege">
Kiwanja cha Ndege

Kiwanja cha Ndege is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 10,612.

</doc>
<doc id="18974344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974344" title="Leopoldów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Leopoldów, Łódź Voivodeship

Leopoldów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974345" title="Linków">
Linków

Linków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974346" title="Kizota">
Kizota

Kizota is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 16,432.

</doc>
<doc id="18974348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974348" title="Lutkówka, Łódź Voivodeship">
Lutkówka, Łódź Voivodeship

Lutkówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974350" title="Małgorzatów">
Małgorzatów

Małgorzatów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974351" title="Matyldów">
Matyldów

Matyldów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18974352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974352" title="Madukani">
Madukani

Madukani is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 2,812.

</doc>
<doc id="18974355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974355" title="Matyldów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Matyldów, Łódź Voivodeship

Matyldów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974360" title="Niwna">
Niwna

Niwna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974361" title="Nowa Rossocha">
Nowa Rossocha

Nowa Rossocha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974362" title="Majengo (Dodoma ward)">
Majengo (Dodoma ward)

Majengo is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 6,901.

</doc>
<doc id="18974364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974364" title="Nowa Wojska">
Nowa Wojska

Nowa Wojska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974366" title="Nowy Głuchówek">
Nowy Głuchówek

Nowy Głuchówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
It is located 3.5 km south of Rawa Mazowiecka and 64 km east of Łódź, on the main Krakow road (route D726).
It takes its name "New Głuchówek" from the neighbouring village of Głuchówek.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974367" title="Nowy Kurzeszyn">
Nowy Kurzeszyn

Nowy Kurzeszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974370" title="Pasieka Wałowska">
Pasieka Wałowska

Pasieka Wałowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974372" title="Podlas, Łódź Voivodeship">
Podlas, Łódź Voivodeship

Podlas is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974373" title="Pokrzywna">
Pokrzywna

Pokrzywna may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18974374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974374" title="Pokrzywna, Łódź Voivodeship">
Pokrzywna, Łódź Voivodeship

Pokrzywna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 20.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974376" title="Pukinin">
Pukinin

Pukinin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974377" title="Rogówiec">
Rogówiec

Rogówiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974382" title="Ścieki, Łódź Voivodeship">
Ścieki, Łódź Voivodeship

Ścieki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974383" title="Marcela Donoso">
Marcela Donoso

Marcela Donoso is an important painter in the Latin American current of "Magic Realism", where Jose Donoso and Isabel Allende belong in literature, or Fernando Botero in sculpture.
She also demonstrated her creativity in other visual arts like books illustrations or films as Production Designer.

</doc>
<doc id="18974384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974384" title="2006–07 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Finals">
2006–07 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Finals

The 2006–07 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Finals took place in Varberg, Sweden from 3 to 7 January 2007. Allmänna Idrottsklubben Innebandyförening, better known simply as AIK, won the EuroFloorball Cup after narrowly defeating Warberg IC 6–5.
The tournament was known as the 2006–07 Men's European Cup, but due to name implications, is now known as the 2006–07 Men's EuroFloorball Cup.
Championship Results.
Standings.
<br>
<br>
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974387" title="Soszyce, Łódź Voivodeship">
Soszyce, Łódź Voivodeship

Soszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974388" title="Stara Rossocha">
Stara Rossocha

Stara Rossocha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974389" title="Makole (Tanzanian ward)">
Makole (Tanzanian ward)

Makole is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 19,417.

</doc>
<doc id="18974390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974390" title="Stara Wojska">
Stara Wojska

Stara Wojska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974392" title="Stare Byliny">
Stare Byliny

Stare Byliny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The name translates to "old heroic poems".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974393" title="Makutupora">
Makutupora

Makutupora is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 13,465.

</doc>
<doc id="18974394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974394" title="Stary Dwór, Łódź Voivodeship">
Stary Dwór, Łódź Voivodeship

Stary Dwór is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974395" title="María Espinoza">
María Espinoza

María del Rosario Espinoza, (born November 27, 1987 in La Brecha, Sinaloa) is a Mexican taekwondo practitioner. Espinoza stands at 173 cm and weighs 69 kg.
Espinoza won her first competition in taekwondo at the 2003 Pan American Youth Championship in Rio de Janeiro. Later she participated in Open tournaments in Canada, France, and Germany. 
She won the 2007 World Taekwondo Championships in Middleweight (–72 kg) category defeating Lee In-Jong and also won the gold medal at the 2007 Pan American Games in Heavyweight (+67 kg) winning over Brazilian Natália Falavigna.
She participated in +67 kg weight class in the 2008 Beijing starting with a victory over Tunisian Khaoula Ben Hamza by a score of 4-0, later she beat Swedish Karolina Kedzierska 4-2. In semifinals she qualified to the final defeating British former world champion and eventual Bronze medal winner Sarah Stevenson by 4-1 and culminate winning the gold medal passing over Nina Solheim, earning the second gold for Mexico in the Olympics
In 2012, María returned to the Olympics in London. She carried the flag for Mexico during the Parade of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="18974397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974397" title="Świnice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Świnice, Łódź Voivodeship

Świnice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974399" title="Mbabala">
Mbabala

Mbabala is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 11,071.

</doc>
<doc id="18974401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974401" title="Wałowice">
Wałowice

Wałowice may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18974402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974402" title="Wałowice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Wałowice, Łódź Voivodeship

Wałowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974403" title="Mbalawala">
Mbalawala

Mbalawala is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 7,543.

</doc>
<doc id="18974404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974404" title="Wilkowice, Rawa County">
Wilkowice, Rawa County

Wilkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974405" title="Alan K. Stout">
Alan K. Stout

Alan K. Stout is a rock music journalist based out of Northeastern Pennsylvania who has written extensively for the Wilkes-Barre Times Leader and The Weekender, a popular arts and entertainment paper also published in Wilkes-Barre. He was voted Northeastern Pennsylvania's "Favorite Newspaper Columnist" in 1997, 1998, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2008 and 2009. In 1998, he was awarded a "Keystone Press Award for Excellence in Journalism" for his music coverage.
Stout began covering music for The Times Leader in 1992 and his weekly column, "Music On The Menu," appeared in The Times Leader from 1994-2005. In 2000, he was named music editor at The Times Leader. In 2005, "Music On The Menu" moved to The Weekender, where he served as editor until 2007 and where the column appeared until 2011.
Stout's focus in the Northeast Pennsylvania region has often been on the local music scene, which has produced national recording artists such as The Badlees (1995) and Breaking Benjamin (2002). He was among the first writers to profile these bands and continues to write about local talent in the NEPA region. From 2004-2013, Stout hosted of the monthly "Weekender/Mountaingrown Original Music Series," a live radio broadcast which allowed local musicians to showcase their songs to a wide audience. In 2004, Stout launched his own weekly radio show, "Music On The Menu Live" on 102.3-FM, The Mountain. In 2013, the program moved to 105 The River (104.9-FM), and as his column did for nearly 18 years, it continues to showcase local talent. 
Stout is also known for his concert coverage and reviews. He frequently reviewed shows at the Mohegan Sun Arena in Wilkes-Barre, The F.M. Kirby Center in Wilkes-Barre and the Montage Mountain Amphitheatre in Scranton. He also sometimes covers major concert tours that visit Philadelphia and has reviewed shows by the Rolling Stones, Paul McCartney, U2, Bruce Springsteen, Madonna, Plant/Page, Sting, Eric Clapton, The Who, Dave Matthews Band and Billy Joel. In addition to appearing in the Wilkes-Barre newspapers, Stout's reviews have also appeared on the national entertainment newspaper wires, in papers from coast-to-coast, and - if favorable - on the websites of the artists he covers.
Stout's interviews include conversations with Billy Joel, Steven Tyler, David Bowie, Eddie Van Halen, and Don Henley. Many of these interviews have also appeared on national newspaper wires and have appeared in various newspapers across the United States. Many can now be found on YouTube. 
In 1999, Stout worked with the band Mötley Crüe when the group released digitally re-mastered versions of its entire CD catalog. Titled "Crucial Crue," the series featured all new liner-notes for each album, written by Stout with the band. He is credited on each album.
Also in 1999, Stout helped found "Concert For Karen/Concert For A Cause," an annual charity event held in NEPA that united the region's entire musical and media community. The annual event, held each April, featured dozens of regional bands, plus full sponsorship from the local print, television and radio media. A rock auction featured autographed items from John Mellencamp, KISS, Mötley Crüe, Dave Matthews, Elton John and Bob Weir. Since 2002, the event also included a limited edition companion CD for which Stout often contributed a track. His recordings for the "Concert For A Cause" albums included covers of The Beatles' "Blackbird," Bruce Springsteen's "Happy," John Lennon's "Watching The Wheels," KISS' "Sure Know Something," John Mellencamp's "What If I Came Knocking," Elvis Presley's "His Latest Flame" and U2's "Walk On." In 2008, the "Concert For A Cause 6" CD spent five weeks at No. 1 on the NEPA album chart. In 2009, "Concert For a Cause 7" also spent several weeks at No. 1 and in 2011, "Concert For A Cause 9: The Final Show," also hit No. 1. As of 2011, the concert and the CDs had raised more than $204,000 for regional charites.
In 2003, one of Stout's original songs, "Summer Days," received critical acclaim from others in the NEPA media and the Billboard Magazine Songwriting Panel. Featuring members of The Badlees, as do all of his recordings, it hit the Top-5 on the NEPA singles chart and also appeared on the "Concert For A Cause II" album.
Stout's stories have appeared in the Boston Globe, San Jose Mercury News, Chicago Tribune, Philadelphia Daily News, San Diego Tribune, Dallas Morning News and Miami Herald. He continues to serve as a music correspondent for The Weekender and The Times Leader, and through his weekly radio show, he continues to provide insight into the musical climate of Northeastern Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18974406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974406" title="Wołucza">
Wołucza

Wołucza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
Educator Maria Grzegorzewska was born in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18974407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974407" title="Miyuji">
Miyuji

Miyuji is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 15,779.

</doc>
<doc id="18974410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974410" title="Zagórze, Rawa County">
Zagórze, Rawa County

Zagórze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974412" title="Mkonze">
Mkonze

Mkonze is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 7,827.

</doc>
<doc id="18974414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974414" title="Zarzecze, Rawa County">
Zarzecze, Rawa County

Zarzecze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974415" title="Mpunguzi">
Mpunguzi

Mpunguzi is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 16,144.

</doc>
<doc id="18974416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974416" title="Zawady, Rawa County">
Zawady, Rawa County

Zawady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately seven kilometers (four miles) west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974419" title="Zielone, Łódź Voivodeship">
Zielone, Łódź Voivodeship

Zielone is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974421" title="Żydomice">
Żydomice

Żydomice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974423" title="Msalato">
Msalato

Msalato is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 8,183.

</doc>
<doc id="18974430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974430" title="Mouna Benabderrassoul">
Mouna Benabderrassoul

Mouna Benabderrassoul (born May 12, 1984) is a Moroccan taekwondo athlete. She won the bronze medal in lightweight (-63 kg) at the 2001 World Taekwondo Championships in Jeju City, South Korea.
Benabderrassoul represented her country in the - 67 kg class at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18974432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974432" title="Lady in a Cage">
Lady in a Cage

Lady in a Cage is a 1964 American psychological thriller film directed by Walter Grauman, written and produced by Luther Davis, and released by Paramount Pictures. It stars Olivia de Havilland and features James Caan in his first substantial film role.
Plot.
When an electrical power failure occurs, Mrs. Hilyard, a wealthy widow recuperating from a broken hip, becomes trapped between floors in the cage-like elevator she has installed in her mansion. With her son Malcolm away for a summer weekend, she relies on the elevator's emergency alarm to attract attention, but the only response comes from an alcoholic derelict, George, who enters the home, ignores her pleas and steals some small items. The wino sells them to a fence, then visits his prostitute friend, Sade, and tells her of the treasure trove he has stumbled upon. The expensive goods George fenced attracts the attention of three young hoodlums, Randall, Elaine, and Essie. The trio follows George and Sade back to the Hilyard home, where they conduct an orgy of violence, killing George the wino and locking Sade in a closet. Randall then pulls himself up to the elevator and taunts Mrs. Hilyard with a note left behind by her son Malcolm, in which he threatens suicide because of her domineering manner. Shocked by the revelation, Mrs. Hilyard struggles with Randall, escapes the elevator, and crawls out of the house. Randall follows and, as he is attempting to drag her back inside, Mrs. Hilyard gouges his eyes and escapes his clutches. The blinded assailant stumbles into the street and is run over by a passing automobile, whereupon police arrive to arrest the surviving intruders and comfort the victim.

</doc>
<doc id="18974433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974433" title="Mtumba">
Mtumba

Mtumba is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 13,616.The ward is along the main road to Dar es salaam. Residence in this ward depends much on Agricultural activities as well as Animal keeping.
The Wards of District of Dodoma urban -Dodoma Region-Tanzania 
Chamwino | Chihanga | Dodoma Makulu | Hazina | Hombolo | Ipala| Kikombo| Kukuyu North | Kikuyu South | Kilimani | Kiwanja cha Ndege (Dodoma)| Kizota | Madukani | Majengo (Dodoma) | Makole | Makutupora | Mbabala | Mbalawala | Miyuji | Mkonze | Mpunguzi | Msalato | Mtumba | Nala | Ng’ong’ona | Nzuguni | Tanbukareli | Uhuru | Viwandani | Zuzu

</doc>
<doc id="18974434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974434" title="Annosław">
Annosław

Annosław is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regnów, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Regnów, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974435" title="Kazimierzów, Rawa County">
Kazimierzów, Rawa County

Kazimierzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regnów, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Regnów, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974437" title="Nala (Tanzanian ward)">
Nala (Tanzanian ward)

Nala is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 9,788.

</doc>
<doc id="18974438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974438" title="Nowy Regnów">
Nowy Regnów

Nowy Regnów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regnów, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Regnów, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974440" title="Podskarbice Królewskie">
Podskarbice Królewskie

Podskarbice Królewskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regnów, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Regnów, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974441" title="Podskarbice Szlacheckie">
Podskarbice Szlacheckie

Podskarbice Szlacheckie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regnów, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Regnów, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974444" title="Regnów">
Regnów

Regnów is a village in Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Regnów. It lies approximately east of Rawa Mazowiecka and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 340.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974447" title="Ng'ong'ona">
Ng'ong'ona

Ng'ong'ona is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 8,585.

</doc>
<doc id="18974448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974448" title="Rylsk, Łódź Voivodeship">
Rylsk, Łódź Voivodeship

Rylsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regnów, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Regnów, south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974449" title="Rylsk Duży">
Rylsk Duży

Rylsk Duży is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regnów, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Regnów, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974451" title="Rylsk Mały">
Rylsk Mały

Rylsk Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regnów, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Regnów, south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974456" title="Nzuguni">
Nzuguni

Nzuguni is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 10,726.

</doc>
<doc id="18974457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974457" title="Sławków, Łódź Voivodeship">
Sławków, Łódź Voivodeship

Sławków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regnów, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974458" title="Sowidół">
Sowidół

Sowidół is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regnów, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Regnów, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974459" title="Tambukareli">
Tambukareli

Tambukareli is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 9,840.

</doc>
<doc id="18974460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974460" title="Wólka Strońska">
Wólka Strońska

Wólka Strońska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regnów, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Regnów, south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974462" title="Uhuru (Tanzanian ward)">
Uhuru (Tanzanian ward)

Uhuru is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 4,044.

</doc>
<doc id="18974470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974470" title="Viwandani">
Viwandani

Viwandani is an administrative ward in the Dodoma Urban district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 5,706.

</doc>
<doc id="18974473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974473" title="Broniew">
Broniew

Broniew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974474" title="Bujały">
Bujały

Bujały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974475" title="Celinów">
Celinów

Celinów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18974477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974477" title="Celinów, Rawa County">
Celinów, Rawa County

Celinów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974478" title="Gacpary">
Gacpary

Gacpary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974484" title="Gogolin, Łódź Voivodeship">
Gogolin, Łódź Voivodeship

Gogolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974485" title="Jajkowice">
Jajkowice

Jajkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974486" title="Kaleń, Gmina Sadkowice">
Kaleń, Gmina Sadkowice

Kaleń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974487" title="Kłopoczyn">
Kłopoczyn

Kłopoczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974488" title="Lewin, Łódź Voivodeship">
Lewin, Łódź Voivodeship

Lewin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sadkowice, south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974489" title="Lipna">
Lipna

Lipna may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18974490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974490" title="Lipna, Łódź Voivodeship">
Lipna, Łódź Voivodeship

Lipna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974493" title="Lubania, Łódź Voivodeship">
Lubania, Łódź Voivodeship

Lubania is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974495" title="Lutobory">
Lutobory

Lutobory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974497" title="Nowe Lutobory">
Nowe Lutobory

Nowe Lutobory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974498" title="Nowe Sadkowice">
Nowe Sadkowice

Nowe Sadkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974499" title="Nowe Szwejki">
Nowe Szwejki

Nowe Szwejki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974500" title="Nowy Kaleń">
Nowy Kaleń

Nowy Kaleń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974501" title="Nowy Kłopoczyn">
Nowy Kłopoczyn

Nowy Kłopoczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974502" title="Olszowa Wola">
Olszowa Wola

Olszowa Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sadkowice, south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974503" title="Torsted">
Torsted

Torsted (Thor Stead) is a parish in Jutland, Denmark. 
Torsted is located on the southwestern outskirts of Horsens, 2 miles southwest of the city centre, and is part of the Horsens municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="18974506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974506" title="Paprotnia, Rawa County">
Paprotnia, Rawa County

Paprotnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 370.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974507" title="Pilawy">
Pilawy

Pilawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974508" title="Przyłuski, Gmina Sadkowice">
Przyłuski, Gmina Sadkowice

Przyłuski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sadkowice, south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974509" title="Rokitnica-Kąty">
Rokitnica-Kąty

Rokitnica-Kąty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sadkowice, south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974510" title="Hope Munro">
Hope Munro

Hope Munro (née Brown; born 14 June 1981, in Toowoomba, Queensland) is a field hockey midfielder from Australia, who played for the Australian women's national team, the Hockeyroos at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Munro lives in Perth, Western Australia with her husband and children. Her younger brother Kiel Brown plays for the Australian men's team, the Kookaburras.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974511" title="Rudka, Rawa County">
Rudka, Rawa County

Rudka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974514" title="Rzymiec, Rawa County">
Rzymiec, Rawa County

Rzymiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974516" title="Skarbkowa">
Skarbkowa

Skarbkowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sadkowice, south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974519" title="Studzianki, Rawa County">
Studzianki, Rawa County

Studzianki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974520" title="Szwejki Wielkie">
Szwejki Wielkie

Szwejki Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974524" title="Trębaczew, Rawa County">
Trębaczew, Rawa County

Trębaczew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 650.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974525" title="Wishing well (wedding)">
Wishing well (wedding)

A wedding wishing well is a fancy donation box that is gaining popularity among bridal couples (up to 60% of weddings have them ), who have often lived together before marrying, or who have been previously married, and do not need any of the traditional wedding gifts. They are also sometimes found at showers to collect monetary gifts for the guests of honor, as well as wedding wishes or marriage quotes, poems and messages of congratulations.

</doc>
<doc id="18974527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974527" title="Turobowice, Rawa County">
Turobowice, Rawa County

Turobowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974529" title="Władysławów, Rawa County">
Władysławów, Rawa County

Władysławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sadkowice, south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974532" title="Zabłocie, Rawa County">
Zabłocie, Rawa County

Zabłocie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sadkowice, south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974536" title="Zaborze, Łódź Voivodeship">
Zaborze, Łódź Voivodeship

Zaborze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sadkowice, east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974538" title="Żelazna">
Żelazna

Żelazna may refer to the following places:
Żelazna may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18974540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974540" title="Żelazna, Rawa County">
Żelazna, Rawa County

Żelazna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sadkowice, south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974545" title="Mining in Bhutan">
Mining in Bhutan

Mining of industrial minerals was insignificant to Bhutan’s economy except for the production of ferrosilicon. The country’s rugged terrain provides sites to harvest hydropower, which has driven rapid growth in the transport and construction sectors, including the startup of a number of local cement operations.
Production.
The country’s mineral industry was small and insignificant to its economy and was dominated by the production of cement, coal, dolomite, gypsum, and limestone. Known resources included deposits of beryl, copper, graphite, lead, mica, pyrite, tin, tungsten, and zinc. A graphite processing plant was established at Paro Dzong.
Structure of the Mineral Industry.
The Government, a private-sector company, and a Japanese company formed a joint venture to produce ferrosilicon and other alloys. Cement production also was under the control of the Government.
The Department of Geology and Mines under the Ministry of Economic Affairs has two divisions: the Geological Survey of Bhutan and the Mining Division. The latter is responsible for the inspection and regulation of various mines. In addition, the Ministry’s Department of Energy is in charge of the hydropower development in the energy sector.
Commodity review.
Bhutan Ferro Alloys Ltd. produced mainly ferrosilicon, which was exported to India and Japan. The production capacity of its plant at Phuentsholing was 18,000 metric tons per year (t/yr) of ferrosilicon, 4,200 t/yr of micro silica, and 2,400 t/yr of magnesium ferrosilicon. Indigenous quartzite produced by the company’s own captive mines was supplied to the plant. Bhutan Ferro Alloys ordered an 18-megavoltampere smelting furnace to produce other silicon and manganese alloys. The expansion was completed in 2005. The company was a joint venture of the Government, Marubeni Corp. of Japan, and the local Tashi Commercial Corp.
Dolomite quarrying near the Pugli hills at Gomtu in southwestern Bhutan affected agriculture (tea plantations) and wild animals in neighboring Indian State of West Bengal. Landslides and erosion caused by quarrying left 14 properties prone to flooding. Dolomite sediments turned the tea plantations’ soil alkaline and airborne dust from the quarry choked the plants. Animals were unable to drink river water made red and cloudy by the quarrying.

</doc>
<doc id="18974546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974546" title="Elizabeth Wallace">
Elizabeth Wallace

Elizabeth Wallace is an American television writer. She was married to Art Wallace.
Positions held.
"All My Children" 
Awards and nominations.
Wallace has been nominated for five Daytime Emmy awards for her work on "All My Children". She was nominated from 1982 to 1988, and won twice in 1985 and 1988. Her first nomination was shared with Agnes Nixon, Wisner Washam, Jack Wood, Mary K. Wells, Clarice Blackburn, Lorraine Broderick, Cynthia Benjamin, and John Saffron, while her first win was shared with the former minus Benjamin and Saffron, and including Victor Miller, Art Wallace, Susan Kirshenbaum, Elizabeth Page, and Carlina Della Pietra.

</doc>
<doc id="18974553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974553" title="Adamki, Łódź Voivodeship">
Adamki, Łódź Voivodeship

Adamki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974555" title="Ağbulaq, Khojavend">
Ağbulaq, Khojavend

Ağbulaq (als spelled Agbulak, Agbulag, Aghboulagh, ) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan. Since the Nagorno-Karabakh war the town has been administered by the de-facto Nagorno-Karabakh Republic as part of Askeran Province.

</doc>
<doc id="18974557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974557" title="Borysławice">
Borysławice

Borysławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974561" title="Brończyn">
Brończyn

Brończyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974563" title="Brudzew">
Brudzew

Brudzew may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18974565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974565" title="Brudzew, Łódź Voivodeship">
Brudzew, Łódź Voivodeship

Brudzew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974566" title="Yacin Elmi Bouh">
Yacin Elmi Bouh

Yacin Elmi Bouh () (born 4 June 1962) is a Djiboutian politician. He was Minister of Finance from 1997 to 2005 and has been Minister of the Interior and Decentralization since 22 May 2005.
Early life and education.
Bouh was born in the city of Djibouti. He studied primary and secondary schools in Djibouti, culminating in a Higher Leaving Certificate Series B – Economical. He is a graduate of the Faculty of Law and Economics of Nantes in France to the rank of Maïtrise en droit public in 1987.
Career.
1992: he successively held the post of head of department of the Civil Service, Legal Adviser to the Minister of Public Service and counsel for the State
1993: he became Director of the Caisse Nationale de Retraite and, cumulatively its functions, it remains representative of the state with the judiciary
1994: he has served as vice-chairman of the Committee on decentralization and also participates in the conclusion of peace with the FRUD-armed by the signing of the agreement Ab'a
1997: he made several reforms, including those of pension funds that led to the creation of the Social Protection Agency (OPS) following the merger of the former Fund of Social Services (CPS) and Service Medical Business to (SMI)
26 December 1997 to 21 May 2005: Minister of Economy, Finance and Planning in charge of Privatization. He led several structural adjustment programmes and ease for poverty reduction.

</doc>
<doc id="18974569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974569" title="Bukowina, Sieradz County">
Bukowina, Sieradz County

Bukowina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974570" title="English studies">
English studies

English Studies is an academic discipline that includes the study of literatures written in the English language (including literatures from the UK, the US, Ireland, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, the Philippines, India, Pakistan, South Africa, and the Middle East, among other areas), English linguistics (including English phonetics, phonology, syntax, morphology, semantics, pragmatics, corpus linguistics, and stylistics), and English sociolinguistics (including discourse analysis of written and spoken texts in the English language, the history of the English language, English language learning and teaching, and the study of World Englishes).
More broadly, English studies explores the production and analysis of texts created in English (or in areas of the world in which English is a common mode of communication). It is not uncommon for academic departments of "English" or "English Studies" to include scholars of the English language, literature (including literary criticism and literary theory), linguistics, law, journalism, composition studies, the philosophy of language, literacy, publishing/history of the book, communication studies, technical communication, folklore, cultural studies, creative writing, critical theory, disability studies, area studies (especially American studies), theater, gender studies/ethnic studies, digital media/electronic publishing, film studies/media studies, rhetoric and philology/etymology, and various courses in the liberal arts and humanities, among others.
In most English-speaking countries, the literary and cultural dimensions of English studies are typically practiced in university departments of English, while the study of texts produced in non-English languages takes place in other departments, such as departments of foreign language or comparative literature. English linguistics is often studied in separate departments of linguistics. This disciplinary divide between a dominant linguistic or a literary orientation is one motivation for the division of the North American Modern Language Association (MLA) into two subgroups. At universities in non-English-speaking countries, the same department often covers all aspects of English studies including linguistics: this is reflected, for example, in the structure and activities of the European Society for the Study of English (ESSE).
English major.
The English Major (alternatively "English concentration," "B.A. in English") is a term in the United States and a few other countries for an undergraduate university degree focused around the consumption, analysis, and production of texts in the English language. The term may also be used to describe a student who is pursuing such a degree.
Students who major in English reflect upon, analyse, and interpret literature and film, presenting their analyses in clear, cogent writing. Although help-wanted postings rarely solicit English majors specifically, a degree in English hones critical thinking skills essential to a number of career fields, including writing, editing, publishing, teaching and research, advertising, public relations, law, and finance.
History of English Studies.
The history of English Studies at the modern university in Europe and America begins in the second half of the nineteenth century. Initially, English Studies comprised a motley array of content: the practice of oratory, the study of rhetoric and grammar, the composition of poetry, and the appreciation of literature (mostly by authors from England, since American literature and language study was only added in the twentieth century). In Germany and several other European countries, English Philology, a strongly positivistic and historically interested practice of reading pre-modern texts, became the preferred scholarly paradigm, but English-speaking countries distanced themselves from philological paradigms soon after World War I. At the end of this process, English departments tended to refocus their work on various forms of writing instruction (creative, professional, critical) and the interpreting of literary texts, and teacher education in English recovered from the neglect it had suffered because of more science-oriented paradigms. Today, English departments in native-speaking countries re-evaluate their roles as sole guardians of the discipline because English is less and less native speakers' unique 'property' and has to be shared with the millions of speakers and writers from other countries for whom English is an essential means of communication and artistic expression.
English literature became an object of study in French universities as part of foreign (comparative) literature in the nineteenth century. A chair of foreign literature was established in Paris in 1830. English was first taught independently from other languages and literature in the University of Lille and in the University of Lyons and only afterwards in the Sorbonne. These three universities were the first major centres of English Studies in France. The first lecturer and later professor of English Studies would seem to have been Auguste Angellier. After spending several years teaching French in England in the 1860s and 1870s, he became a lecturer in English studies in the University of Lille in 1881 and a professor of English in 1893. In France nowadays, literature, civilisation, linguistics and the spoken and written language are all important in English Studies in universities.
The English major rose into prominence in American colleges shortly after the introduction of the electives system. It provided an opportunity for students to develop skills in analytical reading with the aim of improving their writing, as well as exercises in rhetoric and persuasive expression that had been traditionally only taught in classical studies and available to the very few due to language barriers and a shortage of professors who could actively engage students in the humanities. Outside the United States (originating in Scotland and then rippling out into the English-speaking world) the English major became popular in the latter half of the 19th century during a time when religious beliefs were shaken in the face of scientific discoveries. Literature was thought to act as a replacement for religion in the retention and advancement of culture, and the English Major thus provided students with the chance to draw moral, ethical, and philosophical qualities and meanings of older studies from a richer and broader source of literature than that of the ancient Greek and Latin classics.
English Studies.
"See also" Literature and linguistics, along with List of academic disciplines
Puertto Rican Literature in English/ Nuyorican Literature/ Rosario Ferre/ Giainna Braschi/ Esmeralda Santiago
Skills acquired.
In the past an academic degree in English usually meant an intensive study of British and American literary masterpieces. Now, however, an English Major encompasses a much broader range of topics which stretch over multiple disciplines. While the requirements for an English Major vary from university to university, most English departments emphasize three core skills: analyzing literature, a process which requires logic and reflective analysis; creativity and imagination with regards to the production of good writing; and an understanding of different cultures, civilizations, and literary styles from various time periods. Prospective English Majors can expect to take college courses in academic writing, creative writing, literary theory, British and American literature, multicultural literature, several literary genres (such as poetry, drama, and film studies), and a number of elective multidisciplinary topics such as history, courses in the social sciences, and studies in a foreign language. To the end of studying these disciplines, candidates for a Major in English attain skills in rhetoric, literary analysis, an appreciation for the diversity of cultures, and an ability to clearly and persuasively express their ideas in writing.
Examples of courses.
Most English courses fall into the broader categories of either Literature-based studies, which focus on classical authors and time periods, or Rhetorical studies, which concentrate on communication skills in preparation for specialization in a variety of professional fields. While specific graduation requirements vary from university to university, students can expect to study some of the following courses.
Courses in Writing and Composition: such as Academic and Professional Writing, which stress analytical writing and train students to produce clear, cohesive arguments.
Courses in British Literature: Courses may focus on time periods, authors, genres, or literary movements. Examples include Shakespeare's Tragedies, History and Theory of British Drama, Medieval English Literature, the Victorian Novel, and Chaucer's "The Canterbury Tales.
Courses in American Literature: Depending upon the university, these courses can either be broken down by time period, such as Nineteenth Century Gothic Fiction; authors, such as classes on Hawthorne, Hemingway, or Frost; or Literary schools and movements, such as Naturalism or Transcendentalism.
Courses in Multicultural Literature: The value of bringing a range of cultural and multidisciplinary perspectives to the study of English literature is being increasingly recognized in a number of universities. Examples include Multi-cultural Literatures in Medieval England, Latina Narratives, and Studies in Jewish Literature. 
Rhetorical Courses: Focus on techniques of persuasive arguing in the written form, as well as skills which involve the analysis of written texts.
Career opportunities.
A major in English opens a variety of career opportunities for college graduates entering the job market. Since students who graduate with an English degree are trained to ask probing questions about large bodies of texts and then to formulate, analyze, and answer those questions in coherent, persuasive prose—skills vital to any number of careers—English majors have much to choose from after graduation. The most obvious career choices for English Majors are writing, publishing, journalism, and teaching. However, other less intuitive job options include positions in advertising, public relations, acting, law, business, marketing, and directing.

</doc>
<doc id="18974571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974571" title="Chociszew">
Chociszew

Chociszew may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18974573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974573" title="Chociszew, Sieradz County">
Chociszew, Sieradz County

Chociszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974576" title="Chrzanowice, Sieradz County">
Chrzanowice, Sieradz County

Chrzanowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974578" title="Cienia Wielka">
Cienia Wielka

Cienia Wielka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974584" title="Domaniew, Sieradz County">
Domaniew, Sieradz County

Domaniew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974587" title="Garbów, Sieradz County">
Garbów, Sieradz County

Garbów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974588" title="Golków">
Golków

Golków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974590" title="Gorzałów">
Gorzałów

Gorzałów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974592" title="Gruszczyce">
Gruszczyce

Gruszczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 462.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974593" title="Grzymaczew">
Grzymaczew

Grzymaczew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974596" title="Gzików">
Gzików

Gzików is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974597" title="Jasionna, Sieradz County">
Jasionna, Sieradz County

Jasionna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974599" title="Kalinowa, Sieradz County">
Kalinowa, Sieradz County

Kalinowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974601" title="Kamienna-Kolonia">
Kamienna-Kolonia

Kamienna-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974603" title="Kamienna-Wieś">
Kamienna-Wieś

Kamienna-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974605" title="Kije, Sieradz County">
Kije, Sieradz County

Kije is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974606" title="Kobylniki, Sieradz County">
Kobylniki, Sieradz County

Kobylniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974608" title="FIFA Manager 09">
FIFA Manager 09

FIFA Manager 09 is the 2009 successor to the FIFA Manager series from EA's sports brand, EA Sports. It is a follow up on "FIFA Manager 08". "FIFA Manager 09" was developed by Bright Future and published by EA Sports. It was released on 30 October 2008. On 29 October 2008, the first database update was released, including the first division of Cyprus and the necessary adjustments. The game gives players the chance to control a wide range of features from discussing tactics with individual players to creating monster stadiums to house fans.
Featured Leagues.
As a mainstay of the series from the "Total Club Manager" years, "FIFA Manager 09" has a massive and comprehensive database of teams and players (not all of them licensed, however). Although information on teams and players from all over the world can be seen, players must choose their team from those available in 65 leagues in 39 countries across the world.
New Features.
Match Engine.
The match engine features more sounds, new pitch textures and new player faces, most of these taken from "FIFA 09". It also sports a new interface during the match.
The game has a new improved text mode, with new commentary with internet ticker style scores of other games taking place. A text mode editor is planned but no release date has been given.
Tactics.
This edition treats tactics a little differently, in that it replaces the 5x5 grid (which had on/off ball movement), with available tactical options like:
Merchandising.
The merchandising section of the game has been re-written from scratch, and rather than selling items, a player sells by category. This version also acknowledges holidays with new categories. In adiition, signings from abroad provide players with the opportunity to sell scarves of that player's nation. To further capitalise on this, it is possible to open up shops in different countries to boost sales. It is also possible to market merchandising through an agency, which will lead to increased sales.
Staff Categories.
Staff have categories they fit into the recruitment screen to reduce the amount of items in the dropdown lists. For example, there is a "management" category with the likes of assistant manager. There are new staff positions such as fitness coach, lawyer and psychologist.
Scouting.
The scouting is very similar to the previous year's installment: it has a few new tweaks with filters and such, but the game now has a scouting difficulty option when creating a new game, the exact effect of this is still not known.
Dressing Room Chemistry.
This option provides new conversation options with players, a gamer can tell players to "be stronger" and try to improve quickly, they can be told which areas of the game they need to improve in, and the option to advise a player to look after a new signing as long as they speak the same language. Manager trust now plays a part in player morale–if a player has no trust in his manager he may get unhappy and request to leave.
Transfer System.
The transfer system has been improved quite a lot since the previous edition, the main issue people had was with swap deals being too easy, and this has become a lot harder. When negotiating a new contract there are new options, for example, a release clause if the team doesn't qualify for European competitions. The strengths/weaknesses section has also been expanded with new items. This can help choose the best player in a more advanced search. There is also the option to pick players that one is interested in, but leaving the assistant manager in charge of all negotiations.
Youth Players.
It is now possible to offer other team's youth players contracts, as long as they're 16 years old or over.
Talent System.
In previous installments, a 5-star system has been used with a 6-star added for legendary players. In this edition, it has been turned into a 10-star system, although when 5-stars are shown, the number is dictated by colours; an empty star counts as one, a gold star counts as two. For example, four gold stars and one empty star would equal a talent rating of nine.
The game only features four 10-star players in the default database. According to the official website, 11-star players are possible.
Story of the season.
The newest feature is the story of the season, after certain events a "cutscene" will show. This will happen after getting a job, winning a competition, and after transfer windows. But this particular feature tends to give players a frustrating experience due to its rather repetitive nature.
There were too many bugs in the unpatched release of the game that made it almost unplayable. But updates that followed fixed some of the bugs that were in the unpatched version, so it is playable if one has the original version.
Reception.
"FIFA Manager 09" received mixed reviews from "Metacritic", with an average of 69%. Scores ranged from a dire 30% ("Total PC Gaming") up to a more than respectable 85% ("GameStar"). Most reviews commented on the level of depth and realism involved in the game, while noting that it might well be too much for some. Play.tm called it "more a lifestyle than a game", observing that "a season, if played thoroughly, will take as long as most full games these days". "IT Reviews" commented that, "it may still feel like you're awash with a tsunami of statistics but FIFA manager 09 has injected a number of new features to appeal to micromanagement fans".
Update 1.
The first update was already planned after a few game-breaking bugs were found. The main bug involved a complete crash when creating a player's own club. Update 1 included 200 new player pictures, the option to be unsackable when managing a national team, and a new data update. Update 1 was deemed to be unsuccessful as many bugs continued to exist and resulted in Update 2.
Update 4.
Update 4 has been made available through many download servers around the internet, and Update 3 was released as well. In Update 3, the most important feature is that one can now go to many other training camps that were not in the original, unpatched game, and that it contains all the winter transfers that were completed.

</doc>
<doc id="18974609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974609" title="Kociołki, Sieradz County">
Kociołki, Sieradz County

Kociołki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974610" title="Kokoszki, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kokoszki, Łódź Voivodeship

Kokoszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974611" title="Ağbulaq (Mysmana), Khojavend">
Ağbulaq (Mysmana), Khojavend

Ağbulaq () (also, Mysmna, Mysmana, and Masmına) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18974613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974613" title="Kołdów">
Kołdów

Kołdów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974616" title="Korzenica, Łódź Voivodeship">
Korzenica, Łódź Voivodeship

Korzenica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974621" title="Tyrsted">
Tyrsted

Tyrsted (Tyr Stead) is a parish located 2 miles southeast of Horsens, Jutland, Denmark. Tyrsted is part of the Horsens municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="18974628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974628" title="English language in England">
English language in England

The English language in England refers to the English language as spoken in England. These forms of English are a subsection of British English, as spoken throughout the United Kingdom. Other terms used to refer to the English language as spoken in England include: English English, Anglo-English, and English in England.
The related term "British English" has ""all the ambiguities and tensions in the word "British" and as a result can be used and interpreted in two ways, more broadly or more narrowly, within a range of blurring and ambiguity"" but is usually reserved to describe the features common to English English, Welsh English, and Scottish English (England, Wales, and Scotland are the three traditional countries on the island of Great Britain; the main dialect of the fourth country of the United Kingdom, Northern Ireland, is Ulster English, which is generally considered a sub-dialect of Hiberno-English).
General features.
There are many different accents and dialects throughout England and people are often very proud of their local accent or dialect. In fact, English Language itself implies the language spoken by only the English excluding the possibility of other regional variations. However, accents and dialects also highlight social class differences, rivalries, or other associated prejudices—as illustrated by George Bernard Shaw's comment:
The three largest recognisable dialect groups in England are Southern English dialects, Midlands English dialects and Northern English dialects. The most prominent isogloss is the foot–strut split, which runs roughly from mid-Shropshire (on the Welsh border) to south of Birmingham and then to The Wash. South of the isogloss, in the Midlands and Southern dialects, the Middle English phoneme split into (as in "cut", "strut") and ("put", "foot"); this change did not occur north of the isogloss.
The accent of English English best known to people outside the United Kingdom is that of Received Pronunciation (RP), though it is used by only a small minority of speakers in England. Until recently, RP was widely considered to be more typical of educated speakers than other accents. It was referred to by some as the Queen's (or King's) English, or even "BBC English" (because for many years of broadcasting it was rare to hear any other accent on the BBC). These terms, however, do not refer only to accent features but also to grammar and vocabulary, as explained in Received Pronunciation. Since the 1960s regional accents have become increasingly accepted in mainstream media, and are frequently heard on radio and television. RP is also sometimes called an "Oxford accent"; the Oxford English Dictionary gives RP pronunciations for each word, as do most other English dictionaries published in Britain.
Most native English speakers can tell the general region in England that a speaker comes from, and experts or locals may be able to narrow this down to within a few miles. Historically, such differences could be a major impediment to understanding between people from different areas. There are also many cases where a large city has a very different accent from the rural area around it (e.g. Bristol and Avon, Hull and the East Riding, Liverpool and Lancashire). But modern communications and mass media have reduced these differences in some parts of the country. Speakers may also change their pronunciation and vocabulary, particularly towards Received Pronunciation and Standard English when in public.
British Isles varieties of English, including English English, are discussed in John C. Wells (1982). Some of the features of English English are that:
Change over time.
There has been academic interest in dialects since the late 19th century. The main works are "On Early English Pronunciation" by A.J. Ellis, "English Dialect Grammar" by Joseph Wright, and the "English Dialect Dictionary" also by Joseph Wright. The Dialect Test was developed by Joseph Wright so he could hear the differences of the vowel sounds of a dialect by listening to different people reading the same short passage of text.
In the 1950s and 1960s the Survey of English Dialects was undertaken to preserve a record of the traditional spectrum of rural dialects that merged into each other. The traditional picture was that there would be a few changes in lexicon and pronunciation every couple of miles, but that there would be no sharp borders between completely different ways of speaking. Within a county, the accents of the different towns and villages would drift gradually so that residents of bordering areas sounded more similar to those in neighbouring counties.
Because of greater social mobility and the teaching of "Standard English" in secondary schools, this model is no longer very accurate. There are some English counties in which there is little change in accent/dialect, and people are more likely to categorise their accent by a region or county than by their town or village. As agriculture became less prominent, many rural dialects were lost. Some urban dialects have also declined; for example, traditional Bradford dialect is now quite rare in the city, and call centres have seen Bradford as a useful location for the very fact there is a lack of dialect in potential employees. Some call centres state that they were attracted to Bradford because it has a regional accent which is relatively easy to understand.
But working in the opposite direction concentrations of migration may cause a town or area to develop its own accent. The two most famous examples are Liverpool and Corby. Liverpool's dialect is influenced heavily by Irish and Welsh, and it sounds completely different from surrounding areas of Lancashire. Corby's dialect is influenced heavily by Scots, and it sounds completely different from the rest of Northamptonshire. The Voices 2006 survey found that the various ethnic minorities that have settled in large populations in parts of Britain develop their own specific dialects. For example, many residents of east London, even if they are not from Bangladesh, may have a Bangladeshi influence on their accent so sometimes urban dialects are now just as easily identifiable as rural dialects. In the traditional view, urban speech was just seen as a watered-down version of that of the surrounding rural area. Historically, rural areas had much more stable demographics than urban areas, but there is now only a small difference. It has probably never been true since the Industrial Revolution caused an enormous influx to cities from rural areas.
Southern England.
In general, Southern English accents are distinguished from Northern English accents primarily by not using the short a in words such as "bath". In the south-east, the broad A is normally used before a , or : words such as "cast" and "bath" are pronounced rather than . This sometimes occurs before : it is used in "command" and "demand" but not in "brand" or "grand".
In the south-west, an sound in used in these words but also in words that take in RP; there is no trap–bath split but both are pronounced with an extended fronted vowel. Bristol is an exception to the bath-broadening rule: it uses in the trap and bath sets, just as is the case in the North and the Midlands.
Accents originally from the upper-class speech of the London–Oxford–Cambridge triangle are particularly notable as the basis for Received Pronunciation.
Southern English accents have three main historical influences:
Relatively recently, the first two have increasingly influenced southern accents outside London via social class mobility and the expansion of London. From some time during the 19th century, middle and upper-middle classes began to adopt affectations, including the RP accent, associated with the upper class. In the late 20th and 21st century other social changes, such as middle-class RP-speakers forming an increasing component of rural communities, have accentuated the spread of RP. The south-east coast accents traditionally have several features in common with the West country; for example, rhoticity and the a: sound in words such as "bath", "cast", etc. However, the younger generation in the area is more likely to be non-rhotic and use the London/East Anglian A: sound in "bath".
After the Second World War, about one million Londoners were relocated to new and expanded towns throughout the south east, bringing with them their distinctive London accent (and possibly sowing the seed of Estuary English).
South West England.
The West Country dialects accents are the English dialects and accents used by much of the indigenous population of South West England, the area popularly known as the West Country.
This region encompasses Bristol, Cornwall, Devon, Dorset and Somerset, while Gloucestershire, Herefordshire and Wiltshire are usually also included, although the northern and eastern boundaries of the area are hard to define and sometimes even wider areas are encompassed. The West Country accent is said to reflect the pronunciation of the Anglo-Saxons far better than other modern English Dialects.
In the nearby counties of Berkshire, Oxfordshire, Hampshire and the Isle of Wight, it was possible to encounter comparable accents and, indeed, distinct local dialects until perhaps the 1960s. There is now limited use of such dialects amongst older people in local areas. Although natives of such locations, especially in western parts, can still have West Country influences in their speech, the increased mobility and urbanisation of the population have meant that local Berkshire, Oxfordshire, Hampshire and Isle of Wight dialects (as opposed to "accents") are today essentially extinct.
Academically the regional variations are considered to be dialectal forms. The "Survey of English Dialects" captured manners of speech across the West Country that were just as different from Standard English as anything from the far North. Close proximity has completely different languages such as Cornish, which is a Celtic language related to Welsh, and more closely to Breton.
East Anglia.
Norfolk.
The Norfolk dialect is spoken in the traditional county of Norfolk and areas of north Suffolk. Famous speakers include Keith Skipper.
The group FOND (Friends of Norfolk Dialect) was formed to record the county's dialect and to provide advice for TV companies using the dialect in productions.
East Anglian dialect is also spoken in areas of Cambridgeshire. It is characterised by the use of for in FLEECE words.
Midlands.
South-East Midlands.
The traditional dialects of Bedfordshire, Huntingdonshire and south Northamptonshire are closer to Received Pronunciation than any other dialects in Britain. This is because the upper-class who migrated into London during the 15th century were mostly from the counties just north of London . However, there are still a number of differences between their dialects and R.P.:
Northern England.
There are several accent features which are common to most of the accents of northern England (Wells 1982, section 4.4).
Some dialect words used across the North are listed in extended editions of the Oxford Dictionary with a marker "North England": for example, the words "ginnell" and "snicket" for specific types of alleyway, the word "fettle" for to organise, or the use of "while" to mean "until". The best-known Northern words are "nowt", "owt" and "summat", which are included in most dictionaries. For more localised features, see the following sections.
The "present historical" is named after the speech of the region, but it is often used in many working class dialects in the south of England too. Instead of saying "I "said" to him", users of the rule would say, "I "says" to him". Instead of saying, "I "went" up there", they would say, "I "goes" up there.
In the far north of England, the local speech is indistinguishable from Scots. Wells said that northernmost Northumberland "though politically English is linguistically Scottish".
Liverpool (Scouse).
The Liverpool accent, known as Scouse colloquially, is quite different from the accent of surrounding Lancashire. This is because Liverpool has had many immigrants in recent centuries, particularly of Irish people. Irish influences on Scouse speech include the pronunciation of unstressed 'my' as 'me', and the pronunciation of 'th' sounds like 't' or 'd' (although they remain distinct as dental ). Other features include the pronunciation of non-initial as , and the pronunciation of 'r' as a tap .
Yorkshire.
"Wuthering Heights" is one of the few classic works of English literature to contain a substantial amount of dialect. Set in Haworth, the servant Joseph speaks in the traditional dialect of the area, which many modern readers struggle to understand. This dialect was still spoken around Haworth until the late 1970s, but there is now only a minority of it still in everyday use.
To hear this old dialect spoken it is necessary to attend a cattle market at Skipton, Otley, Settle or similar places where older farmers from deep in the dales can be heard speaking in what can be baffling dialect to many southerners.
Teesside.
The accents for Teesside are sometimes grouped with Yorkshire and sometimes grouped with the North-East of England, for they share characteristics with both. As this urban area grew in the early 20th century, there are fewer dialect words that date back to older forms of English; Teesside speak is the sort of modern dialect that Peter Trudgill identified in his "The Dialects of England". There is a Lower Tees Dialect group A recent study found that most people from Middlesbrough do not consider their accent to be "Yorkshire", but that they are less hostile to being grouped with Yorkshire than to being grouped with the Geordie accent.
Some examples of traits that are shared with parts of Yorkshire include:
Examples of traits shared with the North-East include:
The vowel in "goat" is an sound, as is found in both Durham and rural North Yorkshire. In common with this area of the country, Middlesbrough is a non-rhotic accent.
Radio and TV featuring regional English accents.
"The Archers" has had characters with a variety of different West Country accents (see Mummerset).
The shows of Ian La Frenais and Dick Clement have often included a variety of regional accents, the most notable being "Auf Wiedersehen Pet" about Geordie men in Germany. "Porridge" featured London and Cumberland accents, and "The Likely Lads" featured north east England.
The programmes of Carla Lane such as "The Liver Birds" and "Bread" featured Scouse accents.
In the 2005 version of the science fiction programme "Doctor Who", various Londoners wonder that if the Doctor (played by Christopher Eccleston) is an alien, why does he sound as if he comes from the North? (Eccleston used his own Salford accent in the role; the usual response is "Lots of planets have a North!") Other accents in the same series include Cockney (used by actress Billie Piper) and Estuary (used by actress Catherine Tate).
A television reality programme "Rock School" was set in Suffolk in its second series, providing lots of examples of the Suffolk dialect.

</doc>
<doc id="18974629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974629" title="Banking in Bhutan">
Banking in Bhutan

Banking in Bhutan is a fledgling industry that has grown slowly as the country has pursued modernization. Since its establishment in 1982, the Royal Monetary Authority, headquartered in Thimphu, has served as the central bank of Bhutan. The authority is responsible for issuing currency, implementing monetary policy, coordinating financial institution activities, and holding the government's foreign exchange earnings. Among its initial duties was the administration of financial assistance for rural development, a duty later delegated to the Bhutan Development Finance Corporation when it was founded in 1988.
The Bank of Bhutan, the nation's commercial bank, was established in 1968 as a joint venture with the Chartered Bank of India, Australia and China, which owned 25 percent of the bank. In 1970 this share was transferred to the State Bank of India. Since its establishment, the Bank of Bhutan's board of directors has been composed of key officials from the economic ministries and departments and two officials from the Indian banks. The bank was restructured in 1971. To ensure that it would have sufficient funds at its disposal, government departments were required to deposit all of their accounts with the government-run bank until 1982, when the Royal Monetary Authority was established. Since 1982 the Bank of Bhutan has served as the retail banking agent for the Royal Monetary Authority. The bank's principal office is in Phuntsholing; in 1991 there were twenty-six branch offices throughout the country. The Bank of Bhutan has been able to give relatively large loans for capital programs such as irrigation projects in Bhutan's south-central region. Among its retail banking activities is the issuance of rupee-denomination traveler's cheques, which began in 1974.
The Bhutan Development Finance Corporation, upon its establishment in 1988, took over the administration of rural financial assistance from the Royal Monetary Authority. Loans were granted for improving farmland, acquiring livestock, and meeting short-term, seasonal requirements. At least some of the funding for the corporation came from the Asian Development Bank, including an initial US$2.5 million loan in 1988 for the expansion of small- and medium-sized, private-sector industrial development. By 1991 the corporation had been privatized.
Non-bank financial institutions also were set up as part of the economic modernization process. Insurance was offered by the Royal Insurance Corporation of Bhutan, which was established in 1975 with its headquarters in Phuntsholing. Starting in 1980, individuals could invest their savings in the newly established Unit Trust of Bhutan. The trust, with its main office in Phuntsholing, channels invested funds, for which it issues shares called units, into industrial and commercial development. The Government Employees' Provident Fund, established in 1986, the Bhutan Development Finance Corporation, and other non-bank institutions are small and constrained by the rudimentary use of money in the economy.

</doc>
<doc id="18974633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974633" title="Isabelle Rampling">
Isabelle Rampling

Isabelle Rampling (born June 24, 1985) is a Canadian synchronized swimmer. Originally from Burlington, Ontario, she currently lives in Montreal. 
At the 2006 Commonwealth Games, she won a gold medal, which she followed up with a silver medal at the 2007 Pan American Games.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics, she placed sixth with partner Marie-Pier Boudreau Gagnon in the duet.

</doc>
<doc id="18974635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974635" title="Kwasków">
Kwasków

Kwasków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974638" title="Lubanów, Sieradz County">
Lubanów, Sieradz County

Lubanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974639" title="Łubna-Jakusy">
Łubna-Jakusy

Łubna-Jakusy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974640" title="Enchanted (soundtrack)">
Enchanted (soundtrack)

Enchanted: Original Soundtrack is the soundtrack of the film of the same name. It was released on November 20, 2007 by Walt Disney Records and contains 15 audio tracks, including five original songs used in the film as well as the film's score. Orchestrated by Kevin Kliesch, Danny Troob and Blake Neely, the songs and score were conducted by Michael Kosarin and performed by the Hollywood Studio Symphony. Although "Ever Ever After" was not released as a single, a music video of the song was made and is included on the CD.

</doc>
<doc id="18974641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974641" title="Łubna-Jarosłaj">
Łubna-Jarosłaj

Łubna-Jarosłaj is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974643" title="Maciszewice">
Maciszewice

Maciszewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974644" title="Marianów, Gmina Błaszki">
Marianów, Gmina Błaszki

Marianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974648" title="Morawki">
Morawki

Morawki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974649" title="Mroczki Małe">
Mroczki Małe

Mroczki Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974650" title="Nacesławice">
Nacesławice

Nacesławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974654" title="Niedoń">
Niedoń

Niedoń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974656" title="Orzeżyn">
Orzeżyn

Orzeżyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974659" title="English Reformation">
English Reformation

The English Reformation was a series of events in 16th century England by which the Church of England broke away from the authority of the Pope and the Roman Catholic Church.
These events were, in part, associated with the wider process of the European Protestant Reformation, a religious and political movement that affected the practice of Christianity across most of Europe during this period. Many factors contributed to the process: the decline of feudalism and the rise of nationalism, the rise of the common law, the invention of the printing press and increased circulation of the Bible, the transmission of new knowledge and ideas among scholars, the upper and middle classes and readers in general. However, the various phases of the English Reformation, which also covered Wales and Ireland, were largely driven by changes in government policy, to which public opinion gradually accommodated itself.
Based on Henry VIII's desire for an annulment of his marriage (first requested of Pope Clement VII in 1527), the English Reformation was at the outset more of a political affair than a theological dispute. The reality of political differences between Rome and England allowed growing theological disputes to come to the fore.
Immediately before the break with Rome, it was the Pope and general councils of the church that decided doctrine. Church law was governed by the code of canon law with final jurisdiction in Rome. 
Church taxes were paid straight to Rome, and the Pope had final say over appointment of bishops. The split from Rome made the English monarch the Supreme Governor of the English church by "Royal Supremacy", thereby making the Church of England the established church of the nation. Doctrinal and legal disputes now rested with the monarch, and the papacy was deprived of revenue and the final say on the appointment of bishops.
The structure and theology of the church was a matter of fierce dispute for generations. These disputes were finally ended by a coup d'état (the "Glorious Revolution") in 1688, from which emerged a church polity with an established church and a number of non-conformist churches whose members at first suffered various civil disabilities only removed over time, as did the substantial minority who remained Roman Catholic in England, whose church organisation remained illegal until the 19th century.
Background.
Role of Henry VIII and royal marriages.
Henry VIII ascended the English throne in 1509 at the age of 17. He made a dynastic marriage with Catherine of Aragon, widow of his brother Arthur, in June 1509, just before his coronation on Midsummer's Day. Unlike his father, who was secretive and conservative, the young Henry appeared the epitome of chivalry and sociability. An observant Catholic, he heard up to five masses a day (except during the hunting season); of "powerful but unoriginal mind," he let himself be influenced by his advisors from whom he was never apart, by night or day. He was thus susceptible to whoever had his ear. 
This contributed to a state of hostility between his young contemporaries and the Lord Chancellor, Cardinal Thomas Wolsey. As long as Wolsey had his ear, Henry's Catholicism was secure: in 1521, he had defended the Catholic Church from Martin Luther's accusations of heresy in a book he wrote—probably with considerable help from Thomas More—entitled "The Defence of the Seven Sacraments", for which he was awarded the title "Defender of the Faith" ("Fidei Defensor") by Pope Leo X. (Successive English and British monarchs have retained this title to the present, even after the Anglican Church broke away from Catholicism, in part because the title was re-conferred by Parliament after the split.) Wolsey's enemies at court included those who had been influenced by Lutheran ideas, among whom was the attractive, charismatic Anne Boleyn.
Anne arrived at court in 1522, from years in France where she had been educated by Queen Claude of France, as maid of honour to Queen Catherine, a woman of "charm, style and wit, with will and savagery which made her a match for Henry." By the late 1520s, Henry wanted his marriage to Catherine annulled. She had not produced a male heir who survived into adulthood, and Henry wanted a son to secure the Tudor dynasty. 
Before Henry's father (Henry VII) ascended the throne, England had been beset by civil warfare over rival claims to the English crown. Henry wanted to avoid a similar uncertainty over the succession. Catherine's only surviving child was Princess Mary.
Henry claimed that this lack of a male heir was because his marriage was "blighted in the eyes of God." Catherine had been his late brother's wife, and it was therefore against biblical teachings for Henry to have married her (Leviticus 20:21); a special dispensation from Pope Julius II had been needed to allow the wedding in the first place. Henry argued that this had been wrong and that his marriage had never been valid. In 1527 Henry asked Pope Clement VII to annul the marriage, but the Pope refused. According to Canon Law the Pope cannot annul a marriage on the basis of a canonical impediment previously dispensed. Clement also feared the wrath of Catherine's nephew, Holy Roman Emperor Charles V, whose troops earlier that year had sacked Rome and briefly taken the Pope prisoner.
The combination of his "scruple of conscience" and his captivation by Anne Boleyn made his desire to rid himself of his Queen compelling. The indictment of his chancellor Cardinal Wolsey in 1529 for praemunire (taking the authority of the Papacy above the Crown), and subsequent death in November 1530 on his way to London to answer a charge of high treason left Henry open to the opposing influences of the supporters of the Queen and those who sanctioned the abandonment of the Roman allegiance, for whom an annulment was but an opportunity.
Parliamentary debate and legislation.
In 1529 the king summoned Parliament to deal with annulment, thus bringing together those who wanted reform but who disagreed what form it should take; it became known as the Reformation Parliament. There were Common lawyers who resented the privileges of the clergy to summon laity to their courts; there were those who had been influenced by Lutheran evangelicalism and were hostile to the theology of Rome; Thomas Cromwell was both. Henry's Chancellor, Thomas More, successor to Wolsey, also wanted reform: he wanted new laws against heresy.
Cromwell was a lawyer and a Member of Parliament—a Protestant who saw how Parliament could be used to advance the Royal Supremacy, which Henry wanted, and to further Protestant beliefs and practices Cromwell and his friends wanted. One of his closest friends was Thomas Cranmer, soon to be Archbishop.
In the matter of the annulment, no progress seemed possible. The Pope seemed more afraid of Emperor Charles V than of Henry. Anne and Cromwell and their allies wished simply to ignore the Pope, but in October 1530 a meeting of clergy and lawyers advised that Parliament could not empower the archbishop to act against the Pope's prohibition. Henry thus resolved to bully the priests.
Actions by the king against English clergy.
Having brought down his Chancellor, Cardinal Wolsey, Henry VIII finally resolved to charge the whole English clergy with praemunire in order to secure their agreement to his annulment. The Statute of Praemunire, which forbade obedience to the authority of the Pope or of any foreign rulers, enacted in 1392, had been used against individuals in the ordinary course of court proceedings. Now Henry, having first charged Queen Catherine's supporters, Bishops John Fisher, Nicholas West and Henry Standish and archdeacon of Exeter Adam Travers, decided to proceed against the whole clergy. Henry claimed £100,000 from the Convocation of Canterbury of the Church of England for their pardon, which was granted by the Convocation on 24 January 1531. The clergy wanted the payment to be spread over five years. Henry refused. The Convocation responded by withdrawing their payment altogether, and demanded Henry fulfill certain guarantees before they would give him the money. Henry refused these conditions. He agreed only to the five-year period of payment and added five articles that specified that:
Further legislative acts.
In Parliament, Bishop John Fisher championed Catherine and the clergy; he had inserted into the first article, the phrase "...as far as the word of God allows...". In Convocation, however, Archbishop Warham requested a discussion but was met by a stunned silence; then Warham said, "He who is silent seems to consent," to which a clergyman responded, "Then we are all silent." The Convocation granted consent to the King's five articles and the payment on 8 March 1531. 
That same year Parliament passed the Pardon to Clergy Act 1531.
The breaking of the power of Rome proceeded little by little. In 1532, Cromwell brought before Parliament the "Supplication Against the Ordinaries", which listed nine grievances against the Church, including abuses of power and Convocation's independent legislative power. Finally, on 10 May, the King demanded of Convocation that the Church renounce all authority to make laws. On 15 May, the Submission of the Clergy was subscribed, which recognised Royal Supremacy over the church so that it could no longer make canon law without royal licence—i.e., without the King's permission—thus emasculating it as a law-making body. (The Parliament subsequently passed this in 1534 and again in 1536.) The day after this, More resigned as Chancellor, leaving Cromwell as Henry's chief minister. (Cromwell never became Chancellor. His power came—and was lost—through his informal relations with Henry.)
Several Acts of Parliament then followed. The Act in Conditional Restraint of Annates proposed that the clergy pay no more than 5% of their first year's revenue (annates) to Rome. This was initially controversial, and required that Henry visit the House of Lords three times to browbeat the Commons. 
The Act in Restraint of Appeals, drafted by Cromwell, apart from outlawing appeals to Rome on ecclesiastical matters, declared that 
This declared England an independent country in every respect. English historian Geoffrey Elton called this Act an "essential ingredient" of the "Tudor revolution" in that it expounded a theory of national sovereignty. The Act in Absolute Restraint of Annates outlawed all annates to Rome, and also ordered that if cathedrals refused the King's nomination for bishop, they would be liable to punishment by praemunire. Finally in 1534 the Acts of Supremacy made Henry "supreme head in earth of the Church of England" and disregarded any "usage, custom, foreign laws, foreign authority prescription."
Meanwhile, having taken Anne to France on a pre-nuptial honeymoon, Henry married her in Westminster Abbey in January 1533. This was made easier by the death of Archbishop Warham, a stalwart opponent of an annulment. Henry appointed Thomas Cranmer as his successor as Archbishop of Canterbury. Cranmer was prepared to grant the annulment of the marriage to Catherine as Henry required, going so far as to pronounce the judgement that Henry's marriage with Catherine was against the law of God on 23 May. Anne gave birth to a daughter, Princess Elizabeth, in September 1533. The Pope responded to the marriage by excommunicating both Henry and Cranmer from the Roman Catholic Church (11 July 1533). Henry was excommunicated again in December 1538.
Consequently in the same year the Act of First Fruits and Tenths transferred the taxes on ecclesiastical income from the Pope to the Crown. The Act Concerning Peter's Pence and Dispensations outlawed the annual payment by landowners of one penny to the Pope. This Act also reiterated that England had "no superior under God, but only your Grace" and that Henry's "imperial crown" had been diminished by "the unreasonable and uncharitable usurpations and exactions" of the Pope.
In case any of this should be resisted, Parliament passed the Treasons Act 1534, which made it high treason punishable by death to deny Royal Supremacy. The following year, Thomas More and John Fisher were executed under this legislation. Finally, in 1536, Parliament passed the Act against the Pope's Authority, which removed the last part of papal authority still legal. This was Rome's power in England to decide disputes concerning Scripture.
Theological radicalism.
The break with Rome was not, by itself, a Reformation. That was to come from the dissemination of ideas. The views of the German reformer Martin Luther and his school were widely known and disputed in England. A major manifestation of theological radicalism in England was Lollardy, a movement deriving from the writings of John Wycliffe, the 14th-century Bible translator, which stressed the primacy of Scripture. But after the execution of Sir John Oldcastle, leader of the Lollard rebellion of 1415, they never again had access to the levers of power, and by the 15th century were much reduced in numbers and influence. 
Many Lollards were still about, especially in London and the Thames Valley, in Essex and Kent, Coventry, Bristol and even in the north, who would be receptive to the new ideas when they came, who looked for a reform in the lifestyle of the clergy. They emphasized the preaching of the word over the sacrament of the altar, holding the latter to be but a memorial, but they were not party to the actions of the government. Other ideas, critical of the papal supremacy were held, not only by Lollards, but by those who wished to assert the supremacy of the secular state over the church but also by conciliarists such as Thomas More and, initially, Cranmer. Other Catholic reformists, including John Colet, Dean of St Paul's, warned that heretics were not nearly so great a danger to the faith as the wicked and indolent lives of the clergy.
The impact of Luther's thinking was of a different order. The main plank of his thinking, justification by faith alone rather than by good works, threatened the whole basis of the Catholic penitential system with its endowed masses and prayers for the dead as well as its doctrine of purgatory. Faith, not pious acts, prayers or masses, in this view, can secure the grace of God. Moreover, printing, which had become widespread at the end of the previous century, meant that vernacular Bibles could be produced in quantity. A further English translation by William Tyndale was banned but it was impossible to prevent copies from being smuggled and widely read. The Church could no longer effectively dictate its interpretation. 
A group in Cambridge, which met at the White Horse tavern from the mid-1520s and became known as "Little Germany", soon became influential. Its members included Robert Barnes, Hugh Latimer, John Frith and Thomas Bilney—all eventually burned as heretics. Cranmer's change of mind, borne partly by his membership of the team negotiating for the annulment, finally came through his stay with Andreas Osiander in Nuremberg in 1532. (Cranmer also secretly married Osiander's niece). Even then the position was complicated by the fact that Lutherans were not in favour of the annulment. Cranmer (and Henry) felt obliged to seek assistance from Strasbourg and Basel, which brought him into contact with the more radical ideas associated with Zwingli.
Cromwell's programme, assisted by Anne Boleyn's influence over episcopal appointments, was not merely against the clergy and the power of Rome. He persuaded Henry that safety from political alliances that Rome might attempt to bring together lay in negotiations with the German Lutheran princes. There also seemed to be a possibility that Charles V, the Holy Roman Emperor, might act to avenge his rejected aunt (Queen Catherine) and enforce the Pope's excommunication. It never came to anything but it brought to England Lutheran ideas: three sacraments only—baptism, Eucharist and penance—which Henry was prepared to countenance to maintain the possibility of an alliance. 
More noticeable, and objectionable to many, were the Injunctions, first of 1536 and then of 1538. The programme began with the abolition of many feast days, "the occasion of vice and idleness" which, particularly at harvest time, had an immediate effect on village life. The offerings to images were discouraged, as were pilgrimages—these injunctions took place while monasteries were being dissolved. In some places images were burned on the grounds that they were objects of superstitious devotion, candles lit before images were prohibited, and Bibles in both English and Latin were to be bought. Thus did the Reformation begin to affect the towns and villages of England and, in many places, people did not like it.
Dissolution of the Monasteries.
In 1534, Cromwell initiated a Visitation of the Monasteries ostensibly to examine their character, but in fact, to value their assets with a view to expropriation. The Crown was undergoing financial difficulties, and the wealth of the church, in contrast to its political weakness, made appropriation of church property both tempting and feasible. Suppression of monasteries in order to raise funds was not unknown previously. Cromwell had done the same thing on the instructions of Cardinal Wolsey to raise funds for two proposed colleges at Ipswich and Oxford years before. 
Now the Visitation allowed for an inventory of what the monasteries possessed, and the visiting commissioners claimed to have uncovered sexual immorality and financial impropriety amongst the monks and nuns, which became the ostensible justification for their suppression. The Church owned between one-fifth and one-third of the land in all England; Cromwell realised that he could bind the gentry and nobility to Royal Supremacy by selling to them the huge amount of Church lands, and that any reversion to pre-Royal Supremacy would entail upsetting many of the powerful people in the realm. For these various reasons the Dissolution of the Monasteries began in 1536 with the Dissolution of the Lesser Monasteries Act, affecting smaller houses—those valued at less than £200 a year. Henry used the revenue to help build coastal defences ("see Device Forts") against expected invasion, and all the land was given to the Crown or sold to the aristocracy. Whereas the royal supremacy had raised few eyebrows, the attack on abbeys and priories affected lay people. Mobs attacked those sent to break up monastic buildings. Suppression commissioners were attacked by local people in several places. In Northern England there were a series of uprisings by Catholics against the dissolutions in late 1536 and early 1537. 
In the autumn of 1536 there was a great muster, reckoned to be up to 40,000 in number, at Horncastle in Lincolnshire. The nervous gentry managed, with difficulty, to disperse these masses—who had tried unsuccessfully to negotiate with the king by petition. The Pilgrimage of Grace was a more serious matter. Revolt spread through Yorkshire, and the rebels gathered at York. Robert Aske, their leader, negotiated the restoration of sixteen of the twenty-six northern monasteries, which had actually been dissolved. However, the promises made to them by the Duke of Suffolk were ignored on the king's orders. Suffolk was instructed to put the rebellion down. Forty-seven of the Lincolnshire rebels were executed, and 132 from the northern pilgrimage. Further rebellions took place in Cornwall in early 1537, and in Walsingham (in Norfolk). These received similar treatment.
It took Cromwell four years to complete the process. In 1539 he moved to the dissolution of the larger monasteries that had escaped earlier. Many houses gave up voluntarily, though some sought exemption by payment. When their houses were closed down some monks sought to transfer to larger houses. Many became secular priests. A few, including eighteen Carthusians, refused and were killed to the last man.
Henry VIII personally devised a plan to form at least thirteen new dioceses so that most counties had one based on a former monastery (or more than one), though this scheme was only partly carried out. New dioceses were established at Bristol, Gloucester, Oxford, Peterborough, Westminster and Chester, but not, for instance, at Shrewsbury, Leicester or Waltham.
Reformation reversed.
The abolition of papal authority made way not for orderly change, but for dissension and violence. Iconoclasm, destruction, disputes within communities that led to violence, and radical challenge to all forms of faith were reported daily to Cromwell—developments which he tried to hide from the King. Once Henry knew what was afoot, he acted. Thus at the end of 1538, a proclamation was issued forbidding free discussion of the Sacrament and forbidding clerical marriage, on pain of death. 
Henry personally presided at the trial of John Lambert in November 1538 for denying the real presence. At the same time, he shared in the drafting of a proclamation giving Anabaptists and Sacramentaries ten days to get out of the country. In 1539 Parliament passed the Six Articles reaffirming Catholic practices such as transubstantiation, clerical celibacy and the importance of confession to a priest and prescribed penalties if anyone denied them. Henry himself observed the Easter Triduum in that year with some display. 
On 28 June 1540 Cromwell, Henry's longtime advisor and loyal servant, was executed. Different reasons were advanced: that Cromwell would not enforce the Act of Six Articles; that he had supported Barnes, Latimer and other heretics; and that he was responsible for Henry's marriage to Anne of Cleves, his fourth wife. Many other arrests under the Act followed. Cranmer lay low.
In 1540 Henry began his attack upon the free availability of the Bible. In 1536 Cromwell had instructed each parish to acquire "one book of the whole Bible of the largest volume in English" by Easter 1539. This instruction had been largely ignored, so a new version, the Great Bible (largely William Tyndale's English translation of the Hebrew and Greek Scriptures), was authorised in August 1537. But by 1539 Henry had announced his desire to have it "corrected" (which Cranmer referred to the universities to undertake). 
Many parishes were, in any case, reluctant to use English Bibles. Now the mood was conservatism, which expressed itself in the fear that Bible reading led to heresy. Many Bibles that had been put in place were removed. By the 1543 Act for the Advancement of True Religion, Henry restricted Bible reading to men and women of noble birth. He expressed his fears to Parliament in 1545 that "the Word of God, is disputed, rhymed, sung and jangled in every ale-house and tavern, contrary to the true meaning and doctrine of the same."
By 1546 the conservatives, the Duke of Norfolk, Wriothesly, Gardiner and Tunstall were in the ascendent. They were, by the king's will, to be members of the regency council on his death. However, by the time he died in 1547, Edward Seymour, Earl of Hertford, brother of Jane Seymour, Henry's third wife (and therefore uncle to the future Edward VI), managed—by a number of alliances with influential Protestants such as Lisle—to gain control over the Privy Council. He persuaded Henry to change his will to replace Norfolk, Wriothesly, Gardiner and Tunstall as executors with Seymour's supporters.
Edward's Reformation.
When Henry died in 1547, his nine-year-old son, Edward VI, inherited the throne. Edward was a precocious child who had been brought up as a Protestant, but was of little account politically. Seymour was made Lord Protector. He was commissioned as virtual regent with near sovereign powers. Now made Duke of Somerset, he proceeded at first hesitantly, partly because his powers were not unchallenged. When he acted it was because he saw the political advantage in doing so. 
The 1547 Injunctions against images were a more tightly drawn version of those of 1538, but they were more fiercely enforced, at first informally, and then by instruction. All images in churches were to be dismantled. Stained glass, shrines, and statues were defaced or destroyed. Roods, and often their lofts and screens, were cut down and bells were taken down. Vestments were prohibited, and either burned or sold. Chalices were melted down or sold. the requirement of the clergy to be celibate was lifted. Processions were banned and ashes and palms were prohibited. Chantries, the means by which the saying of masses for the dead were endowed, were abolished completely. How well this was received is disputed. Dickens contends that people had "ceased to believe in intercessory masses for souls in purgatory", while others, such as Duffy, argue that the demolition of chantry chapels and the removal of images coincided with the activity of royal visitors. The evidence is often ambiguous. In 1549 Cranmer introduced a Book of Common Prayer in English. In 1550 stone altars were replaced by wooden communion tables, a very public break with the past, as it changed the look and focus of church interiors.
Less visible, but still influential, was the new ordinal—which provided for Protestant pastors rather than Catholic priests, an admittedly conservative adaptation of Bucer's draft; its Preface explicitly mentions the historic succession but it has been described as "... another case of Cranmer's opportunist adoption of medieval forms for new purposes." In 1551, the episcopate was remodeled by the appointment of Protestants to the bench. This removed the refusal of some bishops to enforce the regulations as an obstacle to change.
Henceforth, the Reformation proceeded apace. In 1552, the prayer book—which the conservative Bishop Stephen Gardiner had approved from his prison cell as being "patient of a Catholic interpretation"—was replaced by a second, much more radical prayer book that altered the service to remove any sense of sacrifice. Edward's Parliament also repealed his father's Six Articles.
The enforcement of the new liturgy did not always take place without a struggle. Conformity was the order of the day, but in East Anglia and in Devon there were rebellions, as also in Cornwall, to which many parishes sent their young men; they were put down only after considerable loss of life. In other places the causes of the rebellions were less easy to pin down but by July throughout southern England, there was "quavering quiet," which burst out into "stirs" in many places, most significantly in the so-called Kett's Rebellion in Norwich. 
Apart from these more spectacular pieces of resistance, in some places chantry priests continued to say prayers and landowners to pay them to do so. Opposition to the removal of images was widespread—so much so that when during the Commonwealth, William Dowsing was commissioned to the task of image breaking in Suffolk, his task, as he records it, was enormous. In Kent and the southeast, compliance was mostly willing and for many, the sale of vestments and plate was an opportunity to make money (but it was also true that in London and Kent, Reformation ideas had permeated more deeply into popular thinking). 
The effect of the resistance was to topple Somerset as Lord Protector, so that in 1549 it was feared by some that the Reformation would cease. The prayer book was the tipping point. But Lisle, now made Earl of Warwick, was made Lord President of the Privy Council and, ever the opportunist (he died a public Catholic), he saw the further implementation of the reforming policy as a means of defeating his rivals.
Outwardly, the destruction and removals for sale had changed the church forever. Many churches had concealed their vestments and their silver, and had buried their stone altars. There were many disputes between the government and parishes over church property. Thus, when Edward died in July 1553 and the Duke of Northumberland attempted to have the Protestant Lady Jane Grey made Queen, the unpopularity of the confiscations gave Mary the opportunity to have herself proclaimed Queen, first in Suffolk, and then in London to the acclamation of the crowds.
Catholic Restoration.
From 1553, under the reign of Henry's Roman Catholic daughter, Mary I, the Reformation legislation was repealed and Mary sought to achieve the reunion with Rome. Her first Act of Parliament was to retroactively validate Henry's marriage to her mother and so legitimise her claim to the throne. 
Achieving her objective was, however, not straightforward. The Pope was only prepared to accept reunion when church property disputes had been settled—which, in practice, meant letting those who had bought former church property keep it. Thus did Cardinal Pole arrive to become Archbishop of Canterbury in Cranmer's place. Mary could have had Cranmer imprisoned as he was tried and executed for treason—he had supported the claims of Lady Jane Grey—but she resolved to have him tried for heresy. His recantations of his Protestantism would have been a major coup. Unhappily for her, he unexpectedly withdrew his recantations at the last minute as he was to be burned at the stake, thus ruining her government's propaganda victory.
If Mary was to secure England for Catholicism, she needed an heir. On the advice of the Holy Roman Emperor she married his son, Philip II of Spain; she needed to prevent her Protestant half-sister Elizabeth from inheriting the Crown and thus returning England to Protestantism. There was opposition, and even a rebellion in Kent (led by Sir Thomas Wyatt); even though it was provided that Philip would never inherit the kingdom if there was no heir, received no estates and had no coronation. He was there to provide an heir. But she never became pregnant, and likely suffered from cancer. Ironically, another blow fell. Pope Julius died and his successor, Pope Paul IV, declared war on Philip and recalled Pole to Rome to have him tried as a heretic. Mary refused to let him go. The support she might have expected from a grateful Pope was thus denied.
After 1555, the initial reconciling tone of the regime began to harden. The medieval heresy laws were restored. The so-called Marian Persecutions of Protestants ensued and 283 Protestants were burnt at the stake for heresy. This resulted in the Queen becoming known as "Bloody Mary", due to the influence of John Foxe, one of the Protestants who fled Marian England. Foxe's "Book of Martyrs" recorded the executions in such detail that it became Mary's epitaph; Convocation subsequently ordered that Foxe's book should be placed in every cathedral in the land. In fact, while those who were executed after the revolts of 1536, and the St David's Down rebellion of 1549, and the unknown number of monks who died for refusing to submit, may not have been tried for heresy, they certainly exceeded that number by some amount. Even so, the heroism of some of the martyrs was an example to those who witnessed them, so that in some places it was the burnings that set people against the regime.
There was a slow consolidation in Catholic strength in Mary's latter years. The reconciled Catholic Edmund Bonner, Bishop of London, produced a catechism and a collection of homilies. Printing presses produced primers and other devotional materials, and recruitment to the English clergy began to rise after almost a decade. Repairs to long-neglected churches began. In the parishes "...restoration and repair continued, new bells were bought, and churches' ales produced their bucolic profits." Commissioners visited to ensure that altars were restored, roods rebuilt and vestments and plate purchased. Moreover, Pole was determined to do more than remake the past. He insisted on scripture, teaching and education, and on improving the clergy's moral standards. 
It is difficult to determine how far previous reigns had broken Catholic devotion, with its belief in the saints and in purgatory, but certainties—especially those that drew public financial support—had been shaken. benefactions to the church did not return significantly. Trust in clergy who had changed their minds and were now willing to leave their new wives—as they were required to do—was bound to have weakened. 
Few monasteries, chantries, and gilds were reinstated. "Parish religion was marked by religious and cultural sterility," though some have observed enthusiasm, marred only by poor harvests that produced poverty and want. Full restoration of the Catholic faith in England to its pre-Reformation state would take time. Consequently, Protestants secretly ministering to underground congregations, such as Thomas Bentham, were planning for a long haul, a ministry of survival. Mary's death in November 1558, childless and without having made provision for a Catholic to succeed her, would undo her consolidation.
Elizabethan Settlement.
Following Mary's childless death, her half-sister Elizabeth inherited the throne. One of the most important concerns during Elizabeth's early reign was religion. Elizabeth could not be Catholic, as that church considered her illegitimate. At the same time, she had observed the turmoil brought about by Edward's introduction of radical Protestant reforms. Communion with the Catholic Church was again severed by Elizabeth. She relied primarily on her chief advisors, Sir William Cecil, as her Secretary of State, and Sir Nicholas Bacon, as the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, for direction on the matter. Chiefly she supported her Father's idea of reforming the church but made some minor adjustments. In this way, Elizabeth and her advisors aimed at a church that included most opinions.
Two groups were excluded. Catholics who remained loyal to the Pope would not be tolerated. They were, in fact, regarded as traitors, because the Pope had refused to accept Elizabeth as Queen of England. Roman Catholics were given the hard choice of being loyal either to their church or their Country. For some priests it meant life on the run, in some cases death for treason. 
The other group not to be tolerated was people who wanted reform to go much further, and who finally gave up on the Church of England. They could no longer see it as a true church . They believed it had refused to obey the Bible, so they formed small groups of convinced believers outside the church. The government responded with imprisonment and exile to try to crush these "'separatists"'.
The Church of England itself contained three groups. Those who believed the form of the church was just what it should be included leaders like John Jewel and Richard Hooker. A second group looked for opportunities to reintroduce some Catholic practices. Under the Stuart kings they would have their chance. The third group, who came to be called "Puritans", wanted to remove remaining traces of the old ways. The Stuart kings were to give them a rough passage. At the end of Elizabeth's reign, the Church of England was firmly in place, but held the seeds of future conflict.
Parliament was summoned in 1559 to consider the Reformation Bill and to create a new church. The Reformation Bill defined the Communion as a consubstantial celebration as opposed to a transubstantial celebration, included abuse of the pope in the litany, and ordered that ministers should not wear the surplice or other Catholic vestments. It allowed ministers to marry, banned images from churches, and confirmed Elizabeth as Supreme Governor of the Church of England. 
The Bill met heavy resistance in the House of Lords, as Roman Catholic bishops as well as the lay peers voted against it. They reworked much of the Bill, changed the litany to allow for a transubstantial belief in the Communion and refused to grant Elizabeth the title of Supreme Head of the Church. Parliament was prorogued over Easter, and when it resumed, the government entered two new bills into the Houses—the Act of Supremacy and the Act of Uniformity.
Act of Supremacy.
The Act of Supremacy validated ten Acts that Mary had repealed and confirmed Elizabeth as Supreme Governor of the Church of England. Supreme Governor was a suitably equivocal title that made Elizabeth head of the Church without ever saying she was. This was important for two reasons: (1) it satisfied those who felt that a woman could not rule the church, and (2) it acted in a conciliatory way toward English Catholics. For the clergy, Elizabeth's changes were more wholesale than those of her half-brother, Edward, had been. All but one (Anthony Kitchin) of the bishops lost their posts, a hundred fellows of Oxford colleges were deprived; many dignitaries resigned rather than take the oath. The bishops who were removed from the ecclesiastical bench were replaced by appointees who would agree to the reforms.
On the question of images, Elizabeth's initial reaction was to allow crucifixes and candlesticks and the restoration of roods, but some of the new bishops whom she had elevated protested. In 1560 Edmund Grindal, one of the Marian exiles now made Bishop of London, was allowed to enforce the demolition of rood lofts in London and in 1561 the Queen herself ordered the demolition of all lofts. Thereafter, the determination to prevent any further restoration was evidenced by the more thoroughgoing destruction of roods, vestments, stone altars, dooms, statues and other ornaments. The queen also appointed a new Privy Council, removing many Roman Catholic counsellors by doing so. Under Elizabeth, factionalism in the Council and conflicts at court greatly diminished. The Act of Supremacy was passed without difficulty.
Act of Uniformity 1558.
The Act of Uniformity 1558, which forced people to attend Sunday service in an Anglican church with a new version of the Book of Common Prayer, passed by only three votes. The Bill of Uniformity was more cautious than the initial Reformation Bill. It revoked the harsh laws proposed against Roman Catholics, it removed the abuse of the pope from the litany and kept the wording that allowed for both consubstantial and transubstantial beliefs in the presence of Christ in the Eucharist.
After Parliament was dismissed, Elizabeth and Cecil drafted the Royal Injunctions. These were additions to the settlement, and largely stressed continuity with the Catholic past—ministers were ordered to wear the surplice. Wafers, as opposed to ordinary baker's bread, were to be used as the bread at Communion. There had been opposition to the settlement in rural England, which for the most part was largely Roman Catholic, so the changes aimed for acceptance of the settlement. What succeeded more than anything else was the sheer length of Elizabeth's reign; while Mary had been able to impose her programme for a mere five years, Elizabeth had more than forty. Those who delayed, "looking for a new day" when restoration would again be commanded, were defeated by the passing of years.
Puritans and Roman Catholics.
Elizabeth's reign saw the emergence of Puritanism, which encompassed those Protestants who, whilst they agreed that there should be one national church, felt that the church had been but partially reformed. Puritanism ranged from hostility to the content of the Prayer Book and "popish" ceremony, to a desire for church governance to be radically reformed. Grindal was made Archbishop of Canterbury in 1575 and chose to oppose even the Queen in his desire to forward the Puritan agenda. He ended a 6,000 word reproach to her with, "Bear with me, I beseech you Madam, if I choose rather to offend your earthly majesty than to offend the heavenly majesty of God." He was placed under house arrest for his trouble and though he was not deprived, his death in 1583 put an end to the hopes of his supporters. 
Grindal's successor, Archbishop Whitgift, more reflected the Queen's determination to discipline those who were unprepared to accept her settlement. A conformist, he imposed a degree of obedience on the clergy that apparently alarmed even the Queen's ministers, such as Lord Burghley. The Puritan cause was not helped even by its friends. The pseudonymous "Martin Marprelate" tracts, which attacked conformist clergy with a libellous humorous tone, outraged senior Puritan clergy and set the government on an unsuccessful attempt to run the writer to earth. The defeat of the Spanish Armada in 1588 incidentally made it more difficult for Puritans to resist the conclusion that since God "blew with his wind and they were scattered" he could not be too offended by the religious establishment in the land.
On the other side, there were still huge numbers of Roman Catholics. Some conformed, bending with the times, hoping that there would be a fresh reverse. Vestments were still hidden, golden candlesticks bequeathed, chalices kept. The Mass was still celebrated in some places alongside the new Communion service but was more difficult than before. Both Roman Catholic priests and laity lived a double life, apparently conforming, but avoiding taking the oath of conformity. Only as time passed did recusancy—refusal to attend Protestant services—became more common. Jesuits and seminary priests, trained in Douai and Rome to make good the losses of English priests, encouraged this. 
By the 1570s, an underground church was growing fast as the Church of England became more Protestant and less bearable for Roman Catholics who were still a sizeable minority. Only one public attempt to restore the old religion occurred: the Rising of the Northern earls in 1569. It was a botched attempt; in spite of tumultuous crowds who greeted the rebels in Durham, the rebellion did not spread. The assistance they sought did not materialize, their communication with allies at Court was poor They came nowhere near to freeing Mary Stuart, whose presence might have rallied support, from her imprisonment in Tutbury. 
The Roman Catholic Church's refusal to countenance occasional attendance at Protestant services, as well as the excommunication of Elizabeth by Pope Pius V in 1570, presented the choice to Roman Catholics more starkly. The arrival of the seminary priests, while it was a lifeline to many Roman Catholics, brought further trouble. Elizabeth's ministers took steps to stem the tide: fines for refusal to attend church were raised from 12 d. per service to £20 a month, fifty times an artisan's wage; it was now treason to be absolved from schism and reconciled to Rome; the execution of priests began—the first in 1577, four in 1581, eleven in 1582, two in 1583, six in 1584, fifty-three by 1590, and seventy more between 1601 and 1608. It became treasonable for a Roman Catholic priest ordained abroad to enter the country. Because the papacy had called for the deposing of the Queen, the choice for moderate Catholics lay between treason and damnation. The List of Catholic martyrs of the English Reformation was extensive.
There is some distance between legislation and its enforcement. The governmental attacks on recusancy were mostly upon the gentry. Few recusants were actually fined; the fines that were imposed were often at reduced rates; the persecution eased; priests came to recognise that they should not refuse communion to occasional conformists. The persecutions did not extinguish the faith, but they tested it sorely. The huge number of Roman Catholics in East Anglia and the north in the 1560s disappeared into the general population in part because recusant priests largely served the great Roman Catholic houses, which alone could hide them. Without the Mass and pastoral care, yeomen, artisans and husbandmen fell into conformism. Roman Catholicism, supported by foreign or expatriate priests, came to be seen as treasonous.
Legacy.
By the time of Elizabeth's death a third party had emerged, "perfectly hostile" to Puritans but not adherent to Rome. It preferred the revised Book of Common Prayer of 1559, which was without some of the matters offensive to Catholics. The recusants had been removed from the centre of the stage. The new dispute was now between the Puritans (who wished to see an end of the prayer book and episcopacy), and this third party (the considerable body of people who looked kindly on the Elizabethan Settlement, who rejected "prophesyings", whose spirituality had been nourished by the Prayer Book and who preferred the governance of bishops).
It was between these two groups that, after Elizabeth's death in 1603, a new, more savage episode of the Reformation was in the process of gestation. During the reigns of the Stuart kings, James I and Charles I, the battle lines were to become more defined, leading ultimately to the English Civil War, the first on English soil to engulf parts of the civilian population. The war was only partly about religion, but the abolition of prayer book and episcopacy by a Puritan Parliament was an element in the causes of the conflict. As historian MacCulloch has noted, the legacy of these tumultuous events can be recognised, throughout the Commonwealth (1649–60) and the Restoration that followed it, and beyond. This third party was to become the core of the restored Church of England, but at the price for further division.

</doc>
<doc id="18974660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974660" title="Romanów, Sieradz County">
Romanów, Sieradz County

Romanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 174.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974661" title="Równa, Łódź Voivodeship">
Równa, Łódź Voivodeship

Równa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974665" title="Sarny, Łódź Voivodeship">
Sarny, Łódź Voivodeship

Sarny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974666" title="Sędzimirowice">
Sędzimirowice

Sędzimirowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974669" title="Skalmierz">
Skalmierz

Skalmierz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974672" title="Stok Nowy">
Stok Nowy

Stok Nowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.

</doc>
<doc id="18974676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974676" title="Stok Polski">
Stok Polski

Stok Polski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974680" title="Sudoły, Łódź Voivodeship">
Sudoły, Łódź Voivodeship

Sudoły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974686" title="Suliszewice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Suliszewice, Łódź Voivodeship

Suliszewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974687" title="Faith Global">
Faith Global

Faith Global was a synthpop and New Wave band composed by Stevie Shears (guitar, bass, synthesizer, piano), original Ultravox! guitarist and Jason Guy (vocals, acoustic guitar).
Stevie Shears had been in Ultravox! and Cowboys International, when suddenly Faith Global was formed in the early 1980s.
Shears met Guy after leaving Ultravox in 1978 and deciding to form a band Ice, bassist Gloria Mundi; Shears and Guy formed New Men. The band didn't last long, so Shears went to Cowboys International and Guy formed another band, but continued to maintain contacts. Later Survival Records (label founded by the duo Drinking Electricity) offered them money to work in the studio.
In Survival, recorded and released an EP called "Earth Report" in 1982 and the album "The Same Mistakes" in 1983. Shortly afterwards, it seems Faith Global split up. Shears continues playing guitar, but retired from the music business, while the whereabouts of Guy are unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18974688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974688" title="Tuwalczew">
Tuwalczew

Tuwalczew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974689" title="Włocin-Kolonia">
Włocin-Kolonia

Włocin-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974693" title="Włocin-Wieś">
Włocin-Wieś

Włocin-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974694" title="David Baxter (poker player)">
David Baxter (poker player)

David Baxter was an American poker player from Corpus Christi, Texas, who won two bracelets at the World Series of Poker.
Poker.
Baxter first cashed in the WSOP in 1980 in a no limit hold'em event. He won his first bracelet in 1983 in the $1,500 no limit hold'em event, winning $145,500. He won his second bracelet in 1986 in the $2,500 pot limit omaha event, taking home $127,000 for the win.
Baxter also cashed in the $10,000 Main Event three times: 15th place in 1986, 18th place in 1991, and 22nd place in 1995. During his career, Baxter cashed 12 times and had total earnings of $416,607 at the World Series of Poker. 
He also had numerous cashes and wins in various other tournaments, including the William Hill Poker Grand Prix and Amarillo Slim's Super Bowl of Poker, and several other prominent tournaments in the United States. 
Baxter won the Grand Prix of Poker $10,000 No Limit Hold'em event in 1984, taking the title and prize of $320,000. In defence of his title, he finished as runner-up in the same tournament the following year. He also won the America's Cup of Poker $1,000 Ace to Five event and the $5,000 Deuce to Seven Draw event at the Grand Prix of Poker, both in 1987. Baxter also made seven final tables at various tournaments at the Super Bowl of Poker throughout the 1980s. He retired from playing in poker tournaments some time in the late 1990s. 
His total tournament winnings during his career exceed $1,400,000. 

</doc>
<doc id="18974695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974695" title="Wójcice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Wójcice, Łódź Voivodeship

Wójcice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974698" title="Wojków, Łódź Voivodeship">
Wojków, Łódź Voivodeship

Wojków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974699" title="Woleń">
Woleń

Woleń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Błaszki, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974701" title="SET Magazine">
SET Magazine

SET (Sports and Entertainment Today) Magazine is a sports and entertainment magazine was founded by publisher Danisha Rolle. The magazine launched in September 2008. 
The magazine provides in-depth look behind the scenes of famous athletes and celebrities, showcasing their families, vacations, and lifestyle. The magazine offers vivid photographs and interviews with celebrities. "SET" showcases celebrity athletes, including Will Demps and Jevon Kearse, on its front cover. 

</doc>
<doc id="18974704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974704" title="Wrząca, Sieradz County">
Wrząca, Sieradz County

Wrząca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974707" title="Zawady, Sieradz County">
Zawady, Sieradz County

Zawady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974710" title="Żelisław, Łódź Voivodeship">
Żelisław, Łódź Voivodeship

Żelisław is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974712" title="Żelisław-Kolonia">
Żelisław-Kolonia

Żelisław-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Błaszki, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974719" title="Judiciary of Bhutan">
Judiciary of Bhutan

The judicial system of Bhutan is the purview of the Royal Court of Justice, the judicial branch of the government of Bhutan under the Constitution of 2008. The judicial system comprises the Judicial Commission, the courts, the police, the penal code, and regulations on "jabmi" (attorneys). 
Judicial system.
National Judicial Commission.
The National Judicial Commission was established in 2001 as part of Bhutan's Civil and Criminal Procedure Code. It began as a body appointed by the Druk Gyalpo and chaired by the Chief Justice of Bhutan, also a royal appointee. In 2001, the number of council members was not codified. 
The Commission was reshaped with the enactment of the Judicial Service Act of 2007. Its membership was codified to include the chairperson of the Legislative Committee of the National Assembly, the Attorney General, the senior most Associate Justice (Drangpon) of the Supreme Court, and the Chief Justice of Bhutan as Chairperson. The Commission advises the Druk Gyalpo on judicial appointments (the Chief Justice of Bhutan and the Drangpons of the Supreme Court and High Court – also the members of the Commission itself). The Commission also advises the Druk Gyalpo on the establishment of courts and tribunals in addition to those established by law. With the enactment of the Constitution of Bhutan in 2008, the Commission membership was reduced to four persons: the Chief Justice of Bhutan as Chairperson, the senior most Drangpon of the Supreme Court, the Chairperson of the Legislative Committee of the National Assembly, and the Attorney General (Art. 2) All members of the Committee except the National Assembly Committee Chairperson remain royal appointments.
The Judicial Service Act of 2007 also established the Royal Judicial Service Council, an administrative agency ancillary to the National Judicial Commission. It has seven members: the Chief Justice of the High Court; the Registrars General of the Supreme Court and High Court; one sitting Drangpon of the Supreme Court; two Drangpons of the Dzongkhag Courts; and one Drangpon of the Dungkhag Courts on a two-year rotational basis. No Supreme Court Drangpon may simultaneously sit on both the Commission and the Council. The Royal Judicial Service Council determines and administers the organizational structure, budgetary, and personnel requirements of the judiciary. The Council is also empowered to create and abolish posts other than those of the Supreme Court and the High Court Drangpons, regulate higher or continuing legal education, and oversee the Judicial Service Selection Examination. All decisions of the Council must be reviewed by the Chief Justice of Bhutan.
The Judicial Service Act codified the requirement that those in judicial service attain at least a bachelor of laws, including support personnel (clerks). Drangpons of the Dzongkhag and Dungkhag Courts are required to attain a postgraduate diploma in National Law. Prior to the Act, judges were selected from among civil servants. Other qualifications, such as natural born citizenship, lack of foreign relations, and political detachment are imposed under the Act. The Act also established rules of judicial conduct and promotion criteria.
The Judicial Service Act of 2007 also codified aspects of the Bhutanese judicial system that appear in the Constitution of 2008, namely the function of the National Judicial Commission, the roles and appointments of the upper judiciary, and the general framework of the court system. Insofar as the Judicial Service Act is not inconsistent with the Constitution, it remains in effect.
Court system.
The ultimate authority of the judiciary and on the interpretation of laws is the Royal Court of Justice. Its constitutional mandate is to safeguard, uphold, and administer justice fairly and independently without fear, favour, or undue delay in accordance with the rule of law to inspire trust and confidence and to enhance access to justice. (Art. 21) The Royal Court of Justice is composed of the Supreme Court, the High Court, the Dzongkhag Courts, the Dungkhag Courts, and such other courts and tribunals as may be established by the King on the recommendation of the National Judicial Commission.
Under the Constitution, as under the earlier Judicial Service Act, the Druk Gyalpo appoints most of the upper Judicial branch: the Chief Justice of Bhutan and the Drangpons (Associate Justices) of the Supreme Court; the Chief Justice and Drangpons (Associate Justices) of the High Court. These royal judicial appointments are made from among the vacant positions' peers, juniors, and available eminent jurists in consultation with the National Judicial Commission.
Attorney General.
Within the court system, the government of Bhutan and its organs are advised and represented in civil and criminal proceedings by the Attorney General of Bhutan. The Attorney General is appointed by the King of Bhutan on the advice of the Prime Minister. The Attorney General Act of 2006, wholly incorporated by the Constitution of 2008, tasks the Attorney General with prosecuting crimes, safeguarding the impartiality of the judicial process, and disseminating information about the law among the people. The Attorney General also drafts Bhutanese legislation for submission to parliament, reviews legislation authored in parliament, and advises all levels of government regarding judicial decisions.
Civil and criminal procedure.
In the Bhutanese judicial system, civil and criminal procedure are defined by the Civil and Criminal Procedure Code of 2001. Foremost, the Code provides for open trials, equal protection of the laws, impartiality, and habeas corpus petition rights. Both civil and criminal trials in Bhutan are decided by one or more judges. After final appeal in the court system, the Code provides for appeal to the Druk Gyalpo.
General procedure regulations include summons (including service), discovery (including privileges such as attorney work product), attachment of property, injunctions, interlocutory orders, receivership, and other legal mechanisms of common law civil actions. Its guarantees include general evidentiary standards, such as adversarial introduction of physical and testimonial evidence, cross examination, and production of exhibits. Unlike common law systems, however, Bhutanese judges are also authorized to investigate, inspect, or inquire into any matter before it. But as in common law systems, civil actions require parties prove their cases on a preponderance of the evidence. Also like common law jurisdictions, the prosecution's burden of proof (in order to find the accused guilty) is to prove guilt beyond reasonable doubt to the full satisfaction of the Court.
The Code's civil procedure section further provides venue, jurisdiction, and pleadings rules. Many aspects are identical to common law procedure, namely the United States Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, including terminology for claims, pleadings, and motions. In civil actions, the parties are at all times able to resolve their disputes before local government mediators.
The Code's criminal procedure section provides laws on arrest by police (with and without warrant), citizen's arrest, several kinds of search and seizure (also with and without warrant), charge, and trial procedure. Pleas, bargaining, and sentencing are also regulated under the Code, along with special rules for juvenile offenders. Nearly all the Code's criminal procedure is identical to that of any modern common law jurisdiction.
The Civil and Criminal Procedure Code of 2001 also sets forth the structure and jurisdiction of the Bhutanse court system, echoed in the Judicial Service Act of 2007 and preserved by the Constitution of Bhutan in 2008.
Evidentiary standards.
Evidentiary standards are codified by the Evidence Act of 2005. The Act includes many modern, liberal English common law provisions including the exclusion of evidence that is unfairly prejudicial, exclusion of evidence of attempts to settle outside court, and exclusion of evidence of subsequent remedial measures. The Act, however, does not guarantee parties before a court to confront the witnesses against them when the court believes the witness' identity needs to be protected. Physical evidence on an issue renders documentary evidence on the same issue inadmissible unless the court finds there is substantive and reasonable ground for the physical evidence to be untrue and irrelevant. Thus, judges retain a high level of discretion in the admission of evidence in all cases and the ability to rebut witness evidence in certain others. Witnesses may be impeached by prior inconsistent statements or by evidence of prior bad acts involving dishonesty or fraud. There are also provisions protecting witnesses and victims of sexual crimes which render evidence about the witness or victim's sexual behavior inadmissible in most situations. Hearsay (including non-hearsay and hearsay exceptions), party admissions, burdens, and presumptions are also codified in a fashion similar to the United States Federal Rules of Evidence.
Interestingly, the Evidence Act also covers the requirements of contracts, legally termed "written agreements". Valid agreements require writing in the presence of one witness of each party; signature by all parties or another person himself duly empowered by a written agreement; and legal execution with a stamp. Contracts are invalidated by an erased word; an alteration which is not counter-signed by the parties executing the agreement; a defective seal or signature; an improper legal stamp; the mental unsoundness, duress, or minority of a party; an objection by any party in a court within 10 days; or is illegal in nature or object. Parol evidence is admissible only in order to resolve ambiguities, apparently both patent and latent.
Practice of law.
The Jabmi Act sets forth regulations for the legal profession. Namely, the Act also details the role and responsibilities of the Attorney General of Bhutan. The body which regulates the legal profession is defined as the "Jabmi Tshogdey", analogous to a bar association. All "jabmi" must be members of this body in good standing, and the Act sets forth several requirements for membership. All "jabmi" must be Bhutanese citizens; persons of integrity, good character and reputation; not addicted to drugs; not of unsound mind or of mental infirmity; not adjudged bankrupt; not sentenced for criminal offences; have legal qualification recognized by the "Jabmi Tshogdey"; have undergone the National Legal Course; and have passed the Bar selection examinations. The Constitution guarantees all persons the right to "consult and be represented by a Bhutanese Jabmi of choice." (Art. 7, § 21)
Notably, instances of repeated violations of the Jabmi Act by one "jabmi" resulted in a one-year prison sentence as well as multiple fines and monetary judgments against him.
Penal system.
Under the Royal Command of Druk Gyalpo Jigme Singye Wangchuck in 1995, the High Court started drafting the Penal Code, which was enacted by the National Assembly in the August 2004. The Penal Code is the consolidation of collection of separate acts and sections of the "Thrimzung Chhenmo" enacted between 1959 and 1990. It is intended to reinstate dignity to the victims of crime and increase the possibilities for rehabilitation of offenders. It remains intact insofar as it is consistent with the Constitution of 2008. While modern punishments include imprisonment and fines, capital punishment in Bhutan has been outlawed since March 20, 2004.
Police force.
Under Article 28 § 3 of Constitution of Bhutan, the Royal Bhutan Police, as a trained uniform force under the Ministry of Home Affairs, are primarily responsible for maintaining law and order and prevention of crime, and are also be considered an important part of the nation's security force. Furthermore, the Royal Bhutan Police are empowered with some quasi-judicial powers, namely to prosecute suspects and to summon witnesses. 
History of the judicial system.
Bhutan's civil and criminal codes are based on the Tsa Yig, a code established by Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyal in the seventeenth century. The Tsa Yig was revised in 1957 and ostensibly replaced with a new code in 1965. Historically, in Bhutan's judicial system, the King of Bhutan played an active role in the selection and retention of judges, as well as adjudication. Judicial appointments were made by the monarch, and until 2008, could be recalled by him at any time. Furthermore, the monarch was the final court of appeal (the "Supreme Court of Appeal").
During the reign of the Third King, Druk Gyalpo Jigme Dorji Wangchuck, the National Assembly enacted the first comprehensive codified laws known as the "Thrimzhung Chhenmo" ("Supreme Law") in 1953, which contain almost all modern categories of criminal offenses and their penalties. The 1965 code, however, retained most of the spirit and substance of the seventeenth-century code. Family problems, such as marriage, divorce, and adoption, usually were resolved through recourse to Buddhist or Hindu religious law. As late as 1991, village heads often judged minor cases and district officials adjudicated major crimes.
Trials in the 1980s were public, and it was the practice of the accuser and the accused each to put their cases in person to judges. There were no lawyers in Bhutan's legal system until the 1980s, and decisions were made on the facts of each case as presented by the litigants. Judges appointed by the Druk Gyalpo were responsible for investigations, filing of charges, prosecution, and judgment of defendants. Serious crimes were extremely rare throughout the twentieth century, although there were reports of increased criminal activity in the 1980s and early 1990s with the influx of foreign laborers, widening economic disparities, and greater contact with foreign cultures.
Arrests could be made only under legal authority. Exile, stated as a punishment in the 1953 Constitution of the National Assembly, and its 1968 revision, was generally unused as a form of punishment; mutilation was abolished in 1965. Fines, according to various reports, ranged from the equivalent of US$10 to US$55, and jail sentences from seven days to one month were levied against citizens who violated the driglam namzha a compulsory but not widely enforced 1989 royal decree that they wear the national dress at formal gatherings to preserve and promote Bhutanese culture. With respect to international criminal law, in 1988 the National Assembly ratified a SAARC convention on terrorism, which Bhutan has consistently condemned in international forums. It provided for extradition of terrorists.
Until the enactment of the Constitution of Bhutan in 2008, the Royal High Court of Bhutan was the highest court in the kingdom . The Royal High Court had original jurisdiction over the twenty dzongkhags of the nation.

</doc>
<doc id="18974724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974724" title="Błota, Sieradz County">
Błota, Sieradz County

Błota is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brąszewice, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974726" title="Brąszewice">
Brąszewice

Brąszewice is a village in Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Brąszewice. It lies approximately south-west of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 1,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974727" title="Bukowiec, Sieradz County">
Bukowiec, Sieradz County

Bukowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brąszewice, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974731" title="Chajew">
Chajew

Chajew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brąszewice, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974733" title="Chajew-Kolonia">
Chajew-Kolonia

Chajew-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brąszewice, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974738" title="Czartoryja, Łódź Voivodeship">
Czartoryja, Łódź Voivodeship

Czartoryja is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brąszewice, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974739" title="Gałki">
Gałki

Gałki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18974742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974742" title="Gałki, Łódź Voivodeship">
Gałki, Łódź Voivodeship

Gałki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Brąszewice, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974743" title="Godynice">
Godynice

Godynice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brąszewice, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974745" title="Kamieniki">
Kamieniki

Kamieniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brąszewice, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974747" title="Kosatka">
Kosatka

Kosatka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brąszewice, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974751" title="Sokolenie">
Sokolenie

Sokolenie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Brąszewice, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974753" title="Starce">
Starce

Starce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brąszewice, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974756" title="Trzcinka, Łódź Voivodeship">
Trzcinka, Łódź Voivodeship

Trzcinka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brąszewice, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974757" title="Maiko Kano">
Maiko Kano

Maiko Kano (狩野舞子 "Kano Maiko", born July 15, 1988) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Hisamitsu Springs. Kumi Nakada(the coach of Hisamitu Springs) converted her to Setter in 2012-13 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18974758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974758" title="Wiertelaki">
Wiertelaki

Wiertelaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brąszewice, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974759" title="Wojtyszki">
Wojtyszki

Wojtyszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brąszewice, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974761" title="Wólka Klonowska, Łódź Voivodeship">
Wólka Klonowska, Łódź Voivodeship

Wólka Klonowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brąszewice, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974763" title="Zadębieniec">
Zadębieniec

Zadębieniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brąszewice, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974767" title="Żuraw, Łódź Voivodeship">
Żuraw, Łódź Voivodeship

Żuraw is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brąszewice, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974768" title="Zwierzyniec, Łódź Voivodeship">
Zwierzyniec, Łódź Voivodeship

Zwierzyniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brąszewice, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974780" title="Barczew">
Barczew

Barczew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brzeźnio, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974782" title="Borowiska">
Borowiska

Borowiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974784" title="Bronisławów, Sieradz County">
Bronisławów, Sieradz County

Bronisławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974786" title="Brzeźnio">
Brzeźnio

Brzeźnio is a village in Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Brzeźnio. It lies approximately south-west of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 1,150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974787" title="Dębołęka, Łódź Voivodeship">
Dębołęka, Łódź Voivodeship

Dębołęka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974790" title="Gęsina">
Gęsina

Gęsina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974793" title="Gozdy, Łódź Voivodeship">
Gozdy, Łódź Voivodeship

Gozdy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974795" title="Kliczków Mały">
Kliczków Mały

Kliczków Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 410.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974796" title="Kliczków Wielki">
Kliczków Wielki

Kliczków Wielki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974797" title="Kliczków-Kolonia">
Kliczków-Kolonia

Kliczków-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974799" title="Krzaki, Łódź Voivodeship">
Krzaki, Łódź Voivodeship

Krzaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974802" title="Lipno, Łódź Voivodeship">
Lipno, Łódź Voivodeship

Lipno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brzeźnio, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974806" title="Nowa Wieś, Sieradz County">
Nowa Wieś, Sieradz County

Nowa Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974807" title="Ostrów, Sieradz County">
Ostrów, Sieradz County

Ostrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 460.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974808" title="Podcabaje">
Podcabaje

Podcabaje is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974812" title="Próba, Łódź Voivodeship">
Próba, Łódź Voivodeship

Próba is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974814" title="Pustelnik, Łódź Voivodeship">
Pustelnik, Łódź Voivodeship

Pustelnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974816" title="Pyszków">
Pyszków

Pyszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brzeźnio, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974818" title="Rembów, Sieradz County">
Rembów, Sieradz County

Rembów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974819" title="Ruszków">
Ruszków

Ruszków may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18974820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974820" title="Ruszków, Łódź Voivodeship">
Ruszków, Łódź Voivodeship

Ruszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
Location.
It lies approximately east of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974821" title="Rybnik, Sieradz County">
Rybnik, Sieradz County

Rybnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974823" title="Rydzew">
Rydzew

Rydzew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974825" title="Stefanów Barczewski Drugi">
Stefanów Barczewski Drugi

Stefanów Barczewski Drugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brzeźnio, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974827" title="Stefanów Barczewski Pierwszy">
Stefanów Barczewski Pierwszy

Stefanów Barczewski Pierwszy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brzeźnio, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974828" title="Stefanów Ruszkowski">
Stefanów Ruszkowski

Stefanów Ruszkowski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974832" title="Wierzbowa, Sieradz County">
Wierzbowa, Sieradz County

Wierzbowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brzeźnio, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974833" title="Wola Brzeźniowska">
Wola Brzeźniowska

Wola Brzeźniowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974834" title="Zapole, Sieradz County">
Zapole, Sieradz County

Zapole is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974836" title="Złotowizna">
Złotowizna

Złotowizna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Brzeźnio, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974839" title="Kevin Stittle">
Kevin Stittle

Kevin Stittle (born July 18, 1979 in Brampton, Ontario) is a Canadian sailor from Orangeville, Ontario.
Stittle began sailing at the age of 11.
At the 2008 World Championships, he won a silver medal in the tornado class.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics he finished in fourth place in the tornado class with partner Oskar Johansson.

</doc>
<doc id="18974855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974855" title="Antonin, Sieradz County">
Antonin, Sieradz County

Antonin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Burzenin, south-east of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974858" title="Będków, Sieradz County">
Będków, Sieradz County

Będków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 125.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974860" title="Biadaczew">
Biadaczew

Biadaczew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 97.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974863" title="Brzeźnica, Łódź Voivodeship">
Brzeźnica, Łódź Voivodeship

Brzeźnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 145.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974864" title="David Neville">
David Neville

David Neville may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18974867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974867" title="Burzenin">
Burzenin

Burzenin is a village in Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Burzenin. It lies approximately south of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 1,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974868" title="Działy, Sieradz County">
Działy, Sieradz County

Działy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974871" title="Grabówka, Łódź Voivodeship">
Grabówka, Łódź Voivodeship

Grabówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 163.

</doc>
<doc id="18974873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974873" title="Gronów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Gronów, Łódź Voivodeship

Gronów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 227.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974874" title="Jarocice">
Jarocice

Jarocice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 167.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974876" title="Kamilew, Sieradz County">
Kamilew, Sieradz County

Kamilew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974878" title="Kamionka, Sieradz County">
Kamionka, Sieradz County

Kamionka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 253.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974879" title="Kolonia Niechmirów">
Kolonia Niechmirów

Kolonia Niechmirów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974881" title="Kopanina, Sieradz County">
Kopanina, Sieradz County

Kopanina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974883" title="Krępica, Łódź Voivodeship">
Krępica, Łódź Voivodeship

Krępica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974886" title="Ligota, Sieradz County">
Ligota, Sieradz County

Ligota is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Burzenin, south-east of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 246.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974889" title="Majaczewice">
Majaczewice

Majaczewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 188.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974895" title="Marianów, Gmina Burzenin">
Marianów, Gmina Burzenin

Marianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 88.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974896" title="Niechmirów">
Niechmirów

Niechmirów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 361.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974897" title="Nieczuj">
Nieczuj

Nieczuj is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 107.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974899" title="Prażmów">
Prażmów

Prażmów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18974902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974902" title="Prażmów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Prażmów, Łódź Voivodeship

Prażmów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 285.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974903" title="Redzeń Drugi">
Redzeń Drugi

Redzeń Drugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 39.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18974911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974911" title="Eli Matheson">
Eli Matheson

Eli Matheson (born 12 July 1983 in Lithgow, New South Wales) is a field hockey striker who represented Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He currently works as an architectural model maker in Perth.

</doc>
<doc id="18974919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974919" title="Organoyttrium chemistry">
Organoyttrium chemistry

Organoyttrium chemistry is the study of compounds containing carbon-yttrium bonds. They are studied in academic research, but have not received widespread use otherwise. These compounds use as a starting material, which is in turn obtained in a reaction of with concentrated hydrochloric acid and ammonium chloride.

</doc>
<doc id="18974928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974928" title="Peter Helias">
Peter Helias

Peter Helias ("Petrus Helias") (c. 1100 – after 1166) was a medieval priest and philosopher. Born in Poitiers, he became a pupil of Thierry of Chartres at Paris in the 1130s, also teaching grammar and rhetoric in his school. Around 1155 he returned to Poitiers where he later died.
Other influences beside Thierry include William of Conches. He contributed to the theory of substance, and through Thierry, is meant to have been influenced particularly by Boethius.
In linguistics, he is regarded as having contributed ideas key to the development of grammatical categories such as parts of speech.

</doc>
<doc id="18974968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974968" title="Zones (band)">
Zones (band)

Zones were a British punk and power pop band founded in 1977, following the demise of PVC2 (formerly the bubbleglam and soft rock band Slik). PVC2 comprised Midge Ure (future Ultravox frontman) on guitar, Russell Webb on bass, Billy McIsaac on keyboards and Kenny Hyslop on drums. In late 1977, Ure left PVC2 to form The Rich Kids with Glen Matlock. Then, Webb, Hyslop and McIsaac called in Alex Harvey's cousin Willie Gardner to replace Ure on guitar and vocals, and Zones were formed.
In February 1978, Zones released a single "Stuck with You", which attracted the attention of BBC Radio 1 DJ John Peel, leading to the band recording a session for his show, and Arista Records, who signed them and released the rest of their discography. Their next single was "Sign Of The Times" released in 1978. Zones also toured with Magazine and recorded a further session for John Peel.
In 1979, Zones released "Under Influence", an album of post punk power pop. However, shortly afterwards, the band split up - Gardner joined Endgames, with Simple Minds' original drummer Brian McGee, McIsaac moved to a piano college in Glasgow, and Webb and Hyslop joined Skids. Webb collaborated with Skids' singer Richard Jobson (Skids singer) until 1988 and Hyslop, after collaborating with Skids album, "Joy", moved to Simple Minds (1981–1982) and Set the Tone (1982–1983).

</doc>
<doc id="18974996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18974996" title="Miami County Courthouse and Power Station">
Miami County Courthouse and Power Station

The Miami County Courthouse is an historic building in Troy, Ohio, United States. Built in 1885, it was designed by noted Ohio (and later New York) architect, Joseph W. Yost, who also designed the similar Belmont County Courthouse built at the same time in St. Clairsville. It has high arched windows, Corinthian columns supporting the outthrust corners and main entrance. A flight of stairs runs to the main entrance. The central pediment rests on an arch supported by Corinthian columns. The corners of the building thrust out and support a pediment, on top of each rests a tower crowned with an urn. A central tower rises from the middle of the building supporting the clock tower and dome, a statue of justice stand at the very top.
On May 30, 1975, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as the Miami County Courthouse and Power Station.

</doc>
<doc id="18975007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975007" title="Waddilove High School">
Waddilove High School

Waddilove High School is a Methodist High School in Marondera, Zimbabwe, established in 1891 by Methodist Missionary John White. 
The name Waddilove was in honour of Sir Joshua K Waddilove, an Englishman, philanthropist and founder of Provident Financial, who bequeathed 1,000 English pounds which resulted in the construction of two dormitory complexes for boys and girls. 
The school transformed from a Mission Station to Teacher Training College.
Some of the school's former students were in the newly formed government of 1980. Amongst them were; Staleck Samkange, Dr Herbert Usehewekunze, Dr Sideney Sekeramayi.
The school is situated close to Muti Usinazita.
Some of the past headmasters are Mr B.T Chakanyuka, Mr Gwanzura, Mr Murefu, Mr Moyo, and Mr Manhera. 
But how did Waddilove Institute come to be? Whose idea was it, when and what was the community’s role in all this?
The roots of the Methodist Church in Zimbabwe-run school can be traced back to as early as 1891, when two Methodist ministers of religion, Owen Watkins and Isaac Shimmin arrived in the country to spread the gospel.
But as the Methodist Church in Zimbabwe’s Presiding Bishop, Ndhlumbi noted, there was a need for literacy for people to understand the Bible.
“The Methodist Church’s initial aim, like other denominations, was to convert the indigenous people to Christianity and then to Methodism. For the indigenous people to understand the Bible there was therefore need to introduce literacy schools, hence the establishment of schools,” he said.
In 1892 the Methodist Church brought in black evangelist teachers from the Cape Province of South Africa, as church workers. Among them was Modumedi Moleli, who later went to Chief Nenguwo’s area near Marondera with Shimmin.
He was to play a great role in the establishment of what is now called Waddilove Mission.
When Shimmin left Chief Nenguwo’s area with other church workers, the locals requested that Moleli should remain preaching and teaching in the area.
“By 1894 he had established himself at the village with a small congregation of faithful followers as the basis of his parish. Before long as many as a hundred children were attending Sunday school classes.
Starting with recitation of the Bible verses, Moleli’s teaching programme progressed to reading and writing,” according to the book, A Century of Methodism in Zimbabwe.
Despite being a darling in the community, Moleli was however killed by locals in 1896 after rescuing a white farmer, James White who had been injured during clashes between indigenous people and white settlers in the First Chimurenga war.
The tragedy temporarily put an end to activities at Nenguwo School, but after peace had returned Reverend John White decided to reestablish Nenguwo near the shrine of Moleli and thus fulfil his dream.
He began with six pupils, but he changed Nenguwo from an elementary primary school to a centre specialising in the training of church ministers and evangelists and later practical disciplines.
In 1915, Sir John Waddilove donated $1 500 towards infrastructural development at Nenguwo.
“A grateful Methodist Church then renamed the institution Waddilove, the identity by which the mission is still known today. To this day some buildings constructed at the time still bear silent testimony to his generosity.”
By 1927, the enrolment at the school had risen to 405 while the highest academic level was Standard Seven.
In 1966 an experimental scheme for teaching blind students side by side with their sighted counterparts was started, and it became such a success that some of them later went to the secondary school, which was opened in 1966.
One of them, Pearson Nherera, eventually did A-level and proceeded to the University of Zimbabwe where he distinguished himself in the Department of Law, before going to repeat the same remarkable feat at Cambridge University.
More than 100 years on, the institution is still alive and kicking, and still growing.
Waddilove High School is well known for sports such as basketball and volleyball.In 2011 the volleyball under 16 boys team managed to assimilate into national competitions.
In 2013,Waddilove High School was ranked no.59 best school in Africa and making it no.7 in Zimbabwe
External links.
http://isbndb.com/d/book/akadzipwa Gux was the 

</doc>
<doc id="18975020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975020" title="Herminio Toñánez">
Herminio Toñánez

Herminio Rafael Toñánez Almada (born 9 March 1946 in Paraguay) is a former football defender.
Career.
He started his career at Nacional of Paraguay making his debut with the first team in 1963, before being transferred to Sevilla FC of Spain in 1969. Toñánez also played for Recreativo Huelva and Principado de Andorra of the Catalonia 3rd division region. His career ended in Australian side St George Saints where he only spent a month due to a disagreement in the contract.

</doc>
<doc id="18975038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975038" title="Álvaro Fayad">
Álvaro Fayad

Álvaro Fayad Delgado “The Turk” (in Spanish, "el Turco") was a Colombian guerrilla, co-founder and leader of the 19th of April movement (M-19), founded in 1970.
Early life.
Fayad was born in Ulloa Valley on July 24, 1946 and grew up in Cartago, Valle del Cauca. He obtained his High School Diploma from the Seminary of Santa Rosa and entered the National University of Colombia in 1965 to study psychology. There he met fellow militant Camilo Torres Restrepo. Fayad entered the Communist Youth (Juventudes Comunistas, JUCO) and there met Jaime Bateman Cayón, an influential figure in his life. He and Bateman joined the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, where they remained until the end of 1969, when they entered the National Popular Alliance.
Career in M-19.
Bateman and Fayad co-founded M-19 in response to the allegedly fraudulent defeat of General Rojas Pinilla in the presidential elections of April 19, 1970. Fayad played a very important role within its organization and other guerrilla detachments like the Popular Liberation Army.
On January 27, 1974, M-19 stole the sword of Bolívar, arguing that it symbolized both nationalism and the Bolivarian Movement. Spectacular actions as this were carried out by the M-19 in later years, but they were not successful overall. An arms heist in Cantón Norte only earned a jail term for the leaders of M-19, including Fayad. He went to trial with 219 members of M-19 in a military hearing, and served as his own lawyer; his defense appears in "The Wars of the Peace" by Olga Behar, along with descriptions of the torture endured by him and his companions. He was sentenced to 26 years in jail by the Military Court, but he was granted amnesty by the government of Belisario Betancur. He met with the chief executive several times to negotiate peace; in October 1983 in Madrid (Spain), they negotiated an agreement which was signed in Corinto in August 1984.
Palace of Justice siege.
Fayad was killed by the police in the Quinta Paredes district of Bogota in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18975095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975095" title="Yctc">
Yctc

Yeh-Chiang Technology Corp. (YCTC; ) is an independent thermal pipe (Heat pipe) supplier, with its headquarters located in Yangmei Township, Taoyuan County, Taiwan. The company became a listed company onto Taiwan's OTC market in 2002 with a ticker number of 6124. YCTC’s paid in capital as of 22 August 2008 is NTD1.73 billion. 
Although YCTC offers a variety of Thermal pipe ( Heat pipe ) product lines, YCTC's major focus is heat pipes used in Notebooks (laptops). YCTC’s other product lines include BGA spheres (both Pb and Pb free), Solder Paste, SMT Flux, and Semiconductor Flux. The company produces its own copper and solder powders for in-house use and external sales.

</doc>
<doc id="18975106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975106" title="Ontario Teachers' Federation">
Ontario Teachers' Federation

The Ontario Teacher's Federation/La Fédération des enseignantes et des enseignants de l’Ontario (OTF/FEO) is a professional organization representing approx. 179,000 teachers in Ontario, Canada. All teachers in publicly funded Ontario schools are required by law to be members of the federation. It was established by the government of George Drew in 1944, under the provisions of the "Teaching Profession Act".
Their operations are governed by the 'Teaching Profession Act' and 'Bylaws of the Ontario Teachers' Federation'.
The OTF/FEO has four affiliated bodies: l', the Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario, the Ontario English Catholic Teacher's Association, and the Ontario Secondary School Teachers' Federation. The Ontario Teacher's Pension Plan is a partnership between the OTF and the government of Ontario.
Their mandate is that 'it is the unifying voice safeguarding their profession, pension and public education'.
The current president of OTF is Julie Pauletig, who taught elementary school in the Catholic school system.
OTF/FEO is the official liaison between the Ministry of Education and the teachers of Ontario. Their representatives deal with officials from the Ministry, faculties of education, College of Teachers and other stakeholders and act on behalf of its members. They are not involved in collective bargaining or labour relations.
There are 40 members on the Board of Governors who meet 3 times a year. Out of the 40 members, 12 are elected to the Federal Executive who meet 10 times a year.
OTF/FEO is an affiliated member of the Canadian Teachers' Federation.
OTF/FEO participate and advocate the following:
Word on the Street Festival (Toronto), World Teacher Day, The Broadbent Institute, Student Vote, Canada without Poverty, The Coalition for Better Childcare, People for Education
Support Coalitions on - Student Mental Health, Accessibility for Ontarian with Disabilities Act, etc.
Professional Development Projects and Partnerships include:
Teacher Learning & Leadership Program, Safe@School (bullying), Teachers' Gateway to Special Education, Survive and Thrive, Aboriginal Education Project - Book of Life, PD Calendar, OTF/FEO Environmental Education Collaborative Resource Program, Professional Learning Magazine, (and more)...
OTF/FEO participates in International Assistance/ Donations and Appeals where in 2012 - 2013, they were able to contribute (in part) to 173 organizations in 20 developing countries around the world including Congo, Ghana, Honduras, India, Kenya, Lesotho, Philippines, Zambia, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18975123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975123" title="1999 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Finals">
1999 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Finals

The 1999 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Finals took place in Switzerland from December 27 to December 31, 1999. Warberg IC won the EuroFloorball Cup after defeating Haninge IBK 7-5.
The tournament was known as the 1999 Men's European Cup, but due to name implications, is now known as the 1999 Men's EuroFloorball Cup.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18975130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975130" title="Hiroshi Morioka">
Hiroshi Morioka


</doc>
<doc id="18975145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975145" title="David's Sling">
David's Sling

David's Sling (), also sometimes called Magic Wand (), is an Israel Defense Forces military system being jointly developed by the Israeli defense contractor Rafael Advanced Defense Systems and the American defense contractor Raytheon, designed to intercept medium- to long-range rockets and cruise missiles, fired at ranges from 40 km to 300 km. David's Sling is meant to replace the MIM-23 Hawk and MIM-104 Patriot in the Israeli arsenal. It is designed to intercept the newest generation of tactical ballistic missiles, such as Iskander, using an on-board dual CCD/IIR seekers to distinguish between decoys and the actual warhead of the missile, in addition to tracking by Elta multi-mode radar. The multi-stage interceptor consists of a solid-fuel, rocket motor booster, followed by an asymmetrical kill vehicle with advanced steering for super-maneuverability during the kill-stage. A three-pulse motor provides additional acceleration and maneuverability during the terminal phase.
Development.
The interceptor is a two-stage missile, with two targeting and guidance systems installed in its nose-tip (a radar and an electro-optical sensor). In 2006 Rafael was awarded a contract to develop a defense system to counter the threat of medium- to long-range rockets with ranges between 70 km and 250 km. In order to enable Israel to make use of the financial aid provided by the United States to further develop the system and to produce it, a partnership was established with Raytheon which will develop the missile firing unit and overall logistic system and assist Rafael with developing the interceptor. In some of Raytheon's publications, the interceptor is referred to as "Stunner." As of November 2012, David's Sling was expected to enter operational service in 2013 or 2014. It has been suggested that David's Sling missiles, modified with boosters to increase launch speed and different seekers, could be mounted on SPYDER anti-aircraft vehicles, giving them the capability to be mobile long-range rocket interceptors.
The increasing danger of rocket and missile fire against Israel (Qassam rocket fire from Gaza, Katyusha rocket fire from southern Lebanon, and Iran's ballistic missile arsenal) has led to the development of defense systems to counter this threat. In addition to the David's Sling system, which is designed to intercept medium- and long-range rockets, the Iron Dome system, a separate system with which it will be used in conjunction, designed to intercept short-range rockets (4–70 km), and the Arrow missile, a separate system designed to intercept ballistic missiles, are already in use.
On 25 November 2012, Israel successfully tested the Stunner interceptor missile. The David's Sling battery, stationed at an undisclosed desert location in Southern Israel, fired and destroyed the incoming missile with a two-stage interceptor.
Foreign interest.
On 17 November 2010, in an interview Rafael's Vice President Mr. Lova Drori confirmed that the David's Sling system has been offered to the Indian Armed Forces.
PAAC-4.
According to Lieutenant General Henry Obering, former director of the U.S. Missile Defense Agency, "We wanted a truly co-managed program because the United States will be very interested in this for our own purposes."
In July 2013, Raytheon revealed it was working with international partners to develop a new air-defense missile system. The system is based on the AN/MPQ-53 radar from the MIM-104 Patriot, a Kongsberg/Raytheon Fire Direction Center, and the Rafael Stunner surface-to-air missile.
In August 2013, Raytheon and Rafael began to seek funding for a fourth-generation Patriot intercepting system, called the Patriot Advanced Affordable Capability-4 (PAAC-4). The system aims to integrate the Stunner interceptor from the jointly-funded David's Sling program with Patriot PAC-3 radars, launchers, and engagement control stations. The two-stage, multimode seeking Stunner would replace single-stage, radar-guided PAC-3 missiles produced by Lockheed Martin. Government and industry sources claim the Stunner-based PAAC-4 interceptors will offer improved operational performance at 20 percent of the $2 million unit cost of the Lockheed-built PAC-3 missiles. The companies are seeking $20 million in U.S. government funding to demonstrate cost and performance claims through a prototype PAAC-4 system. Israeli program officials have said that a previous teaming agreement between Raytheon and Rafael would allow the U.S. company to assume prime contractor status, and produce at least 60 percent of the Stunner missile in the United States. The Missile Defense Agency has said that the U.S. Army is considering use of the Stunner as a potential solution to future U.S. military requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="18975163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975163" title="Saikyō! Toritsu Aoizaka Kōkō Yakyūbu">
Saikyō! Toritsu Aoizaka Kōkō Yakyūbu

Story.
Six years ago following a crushing defeat, a group of friends promise that they will one day take their friend Suzuo to the Koshien. Now in their first year of high school, the friends have reunited behind the pitcher Kitarō Kitaōji to keep their promise. With Suzuo as their manager and Kitarō's signature left-handed, underhand "Submarine Pitch", they may just go all the way.

</doc>
<doc id="18975231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975231" title="Tokihiko Okada">
Tokihiko Okada


</doc>
<doc id="18975239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975239" title="Marvel Fireside Books">
Marvel Fireside Books

The Marvel Fireside Books Series was a series of full-color trade paperbacks featuring Marvel Comics stories and characters co-published by Marvel and the Simon & Schuster division Fireside Books from 1974 to 1979. 
The series enabled fans of the old comics to have access to the stories without having to pay exorbitant prices for the original back issues. It introduced new readers to the work of Stan Lee, Jack Kirby, Steve Ditko, and other Marvel creators, and packaged the material in a traditional book format that carried more caché than the flimsy pamphlet style of a typical comic book. Many of the books featured painted covers illustrated by such artists as Bob Larkin, John Romita, Sr., and Earl Norem. In this way, the series was an antecedent to the now common practice of packaging "classic" stories into archival editions and trade paperback collections including Marvel's 1998 book "Grandson of Origins of Marvel Comics".
Publishing history.
Marvel Publisher Stan Lee came up with the idea of compiling the origins of some of their most popular characters in a book format similar to Jules Feiffer's 1965 book "The Great Comic Book Heroes". Teaming up with Fireside, a young-adult imprint of Simon & Schuster, Marvel initially produced "Origins of Marvel Comics" in 1974, featuring the origins of the Fantastic Four, the Hulk, Spider-Man, Thor, and Doctor Strange. Like the books to follow, "Origins" featured a foreword by Lee, and short introductions to each section, which followed the format of presenting the character's origin followed by a contemporary story by current Marvel contributors.
"Origins of Marvel Comics" was followed in 1975 with "Son of Origins of Marvel Comics," featuring the origins of the X-Men, Iron Man, The Avengers, Daredevil, Nick Fury, the Watcher, and the Silver Surfer. 
The two "Origins" books were followed by "Bring on the Bad Guys", origins of a selection of Marvel villains; and "The Superhero Women," featuring some of Marvel's most popular female superheroes. Eventually, the series moved away from origin stories and published collections of classic stories with individual characters such as Spider-Man, the Fantastic Four, the Hulk, Captain America, and Doctor Strange.
One of the Marvel Fireside Books superhero story editions was not a reprint but an original story. 1978's "The Silver Surfer", by Stan Lee, with art by Kirby and Joe Sinnott, was a new take on the late 1960s icon; and is considered by many to be one of the first true "graphic novels".
In conjunction with their reprint collections, Marvel and Fireside also produced a number of activity and game books, how-to books, and even a cookbook, again all featuring Marvel characters. The most well-known and popular book of this kind was 1978's "How to Draw Comics the Marvel Way", which is still in print.
Marvel/Fireside published 24 different books, many with multiple printings in both hardcover and paperback.
DC Fireside books.
DC Comics also formed a short-lived partnership with Fireside in 1979–1980, producing three titles.

</doc>
<doc id="18975241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975241" title="Sue Peabody">
Sue Peabody

Sue Peabody', born Susan Lee Peabody on September 6, 1960, is a historian and professor of history at Washington State University Vancouver. She is the author of ""There Are No Slaves in France": The Political Culture of Race and Slavery in the Ancien Regime" (Oxford, 1996). She is the co-editor, with Tyler Stovall, of "" (Duke UP, 2003) and, with Keila Grinberg, "Slavery, Freedom and the Law in the Atlantic World" (Bedford, 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="18975264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975264" title="Neelakuyil">
Neelakuyil

Neelakuyil (; ) is a 1954 Malayalam film jointly directed by P. Bhaskaran and Ramu Kariat. It is a neo-realistic melodrama and was based on a story written by Uroob. Uroob co-wrote the screenplay and dialogues along with P. Bhaskaran. "Neelakuyil" tells the story of the love affair of a Dalit girl and an educated, high caste school teacher. It stars Sathyan, Miss Kumari, Prema, P. Bhaskaran and Master Vipin. Many of the actors including Sathyan debuted through this film.
"Neelakuyil" was a landmark film in Malayalam cinema history that paved a new path for Malayalam cinema by breaking away from the earlier tradition of copying Tamil or Hindi films and making Malayalam films, of which the story or the characters could never be identified with the culture of Kerala. Based on a story by famous Malayalam writer Uroob, "Neelakuyil" had dialogues with local accent, and the script’s hard-hitting dialogues flay social evils such as untouchability, feudalism, and injustice towards women. It features an acclaimed cinematography by A. Vincent and a successful musical score by K. Raghavan. It won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam, thus becoming the first nationally recognized Malayalam film. The lead performances and the narrative style was also noted.
Most of its shooting was done outdoors and it captured images of the rural, agrarian Kerala, its vast paddy fields, the life of the peasants and the feudal society.
Plot.
The plot revolves around rustic life in a small village. Neeli (Miss Kumari), a Dalit peasant girl, falls in love with Sreedharan Nair (Sathyan), a school teacher. Neeli becomes pregnant. Sreedharan Nair refuses to marry Neeli as he fears being ostracized by a conservative society. Neeli becomes an outcaste and dies in child birth. Sankaran Nair (P.Bhaskaran), the village postman, adopts the child ignoring the protests of society. Sreedharan Nair marries Nalini (Prema), a member of an aristocratic family. Neeli’s son Mohan (Master Vipin) is brought up by the postman. The film ends with Sreedharan Nair and Nalini accepting the boy as their own child.
Songs.
There are nine songs, scored by K. Raghavan and penned by P. Bhaskaran, which are regarded as a milestone in Malayalam film music history. Before "Neelakuyil", Malayalam film music was copied from Hindi and Tamil film songs. It was K. Raghavan, who was on his debut through this film, who introduced Malayali folk music into films. The songs included Mappilappattu (Islamic music), koyithupattu (harvest song), a traditional prayer, romantic melodies, all of which followed the folk traditions of the State. The songs are choreographed by Guru Gopalakrishnan Kodungallur.
The popular songs from the film are "Ellarum Chollanu Ellarum Chollanu" (Janamma David), "Kayalarikaathu Vala Erinjappol" (K. Raghavan), "Unarunaroo Unnikanna" (Shantha P. Nair), "Sarasa Sama Daana Bheda" (based on a Tyagaraja composition in Kaapi Narayani raga), "Kadalasu Vanchi Eri" (Kozhikode Pushpa), "Maanennum vilikkilla" (Mehboob), "Kuyiline Thedi" (Janamma David) and "Engane Nee Marakkum Kuyile" (Kozhikode Abdul Kader).

</doc>
<doc id="18975265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975265" title="Cathie Pelletier">
Cathie Pelletier

Cathie Pelletier (born 1953) is an award-winning novelist and song-writer who was born and raised in Allagash, a rural town in Aroostook County, Maine.
Biography.
Pelletier displayed exceptional aptitude as a student and, consequentially, was advanced two grades (the sixth grade and her senior year), graduating high school at the age of sixteen years. Pelletier distinguished herself by wearing brash clothes that she claimed were "an outlet for her creativity." At seventeen years she was expelled from the University of Maine at Fort Kent for breaking curfew and pulling a fire alarm. Following her expulsion she began to hitchhike across the U.S. She returned to her Alma Mater long enough to graduate with a baccalaureate before departing to Nashville in pursuit of a career as a song-writer. Pelletier moved to Tennessee where she rented an apartment from an undertaker until she met the country music star Jim Glaser and moved in with him. The two cohabited for years until they separated. She then married hotel manager, Tom Viorikic, three months after they met in Canada.
Career.
While living in Tennessee Pelletier wrote her first novel, "The Funeral Makers" which was very well received in the literary community. Since then she has penned a number of works, some of which were published under her pseudonym, K.C. McKinnon. In 1998 Pelletier made international news after receiving a million-dollar advance from Doubleday for her novel "Candles on Bay Street," a work that was translated into ten languages and recently made into a film. She has been the recipient of the New England Book Award for Fiction and the 2006 Paterson Prize. Pelletier has acted as the literary agent for several published books.
Song-writing Career.
In addition to her literary triumphs, she has had songs recorded by David Byrne, Texas Tornadoes, Glaser Brothers.

</doc>
<doc id="18975291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975291" title="Camp Benson Falls">
Camp Benson Falls

Camp Benson Falls is a 90-foot waterfall on Summit Creek in Lindsey Creek State Park, Hood River County, Oregon, United States. Its elevation is .
Summit Creek is a tributary of the Columbia River and enters it about west of the city of Hood River. The falls are located about from the terminus of Summit Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="18975299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975299" title="Nelson Zelaya">
Nelson Zelaya

Nelson Fabián Zelaya (born 9 July 1973 in Asunción) is a former football defender from Paraguay.
Career.
Zelaya started his career at the youth divisions of Atletico Juventud of Loma Pyta before signing for Olimpia in 1996. While in Olimpia, Zelaya won several national and international championships and was a key part of the defense. He also played for Olimpia's rival Cerro Porteño in 2001 and had brief stints in Spain, Chile, Venezuela and Bolivia where he played for teams like Recreativo Huelva, Universidad de Concepción, Estudiantes de Mérida and The Strongest.

</doc>
<doc id="18975302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975302" title="Li Zhengji">
Li Zhengji

Li Zhengji was a general of Tang China, originally of Goguryeo descent. 
Background.
Li Zhengji was born Li Huaiyu in 733, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong of Tang. He was born in Tang's Pinglu Circuit (平盧, then headquartered in modern Chaoyang, Liaoning). As of 758, he served in the military at Pinglu Circuit's capital prefecture, Ying Prefecture (營州), along with his cousin Hou Xiyi (侯希逸). 
In 758, when the military governor ("jiedushi") Wang Xuanzhi (王玄志) died in the midst of the Anshi Rebellion, Emperor Xuanzong's son and successor Emperor Suzong sent an emissary to Pinglu, preparing to find a successor to Wang in the Pinglu army. However, Li Huaiyu believed that Wang's son would be made military governor and did not want that to happen, so he killed Wang's son and supported Hou to succeed Wang. In response, Emperor Suzong initially made Hou deputy military governor and then eventually military governor. (This action was much criticized by the Song Dynasty historian Sima Guang in his "Zizhi Tongjian", and Sima believed this to mark the beginning of the failing of Tang military discipline.)
Service under Hou Xiyi.
By 762, however, Pinglu, which was cut off from Tang territory by the rebel Yan state and facing repeated attacks from Khitan and Xi tribes, was in a desperate situation. Hou Xiyi thus took the Pinglu army and attacked the Yan general Li Huaixian at Fanyang, and then, after battling with Li Huaixian, took his army south to the Shandong Peninsula, subsequently assisting other Tang generals Tian Shen'gong (田神功) and Neng Yuanhao (能元皓) in attacking Yan generals in the east. In 762, after Emperor Suzong's death, Emperor Suzong's son successor Emperor Daizong made Hou also the military governor of Ziqing Circuit (淄青, headquartered in modern Weifang, Shandong), governing six prefectures. (The Pinglu name thus eventually displaced the Ziqing name as the official designation of the circuit.) Subsequently, Hou led his Pinglu army in continued campaigns against the final Yan emperor Shi Chaoyi and participated in the campaign ending in Shi's destruction in 763. Li Huaiyu followed Hou in these campaigns and served with distinction, and Hou made him "bingmashi" (兵馬使), serving as Hou's assistant.
Meanwhile, though, Hou began to lose the support of his soldiers, because he favored hunting and games, as well as building Buddhist towers and temples, because these activities drained the circuit treasury and forced the soldiers into difficult labor. Meanwhile, he saw that Li Huaiyu was gaining the support of the soldiers and became apprehensive, and he relieved Li Huaiyu from his post even though Li Huaiyu had not had faults. In summer 765, on an occasion when Hou happened to have spent the night outside the city with sorcerers, the soldiers mutinied and closed the gates, disallowing his return. They supported Li Huaiyu as their new commander. Emperor Daizong made his son Li Miao (李邈) the Prince of Zheng the titular military governor of Pinglu, but made Li Huaiyu the acting military governor and changed his name to Zhengji (meaning, "one who corrects himself"). Li Zhengji, however, governed Pinglu effectively independent of the imperial government, in alliance with several other military governors who were acting similarly — Li Baochen, Tian Chengsi, Xue Song, Li Huaixian (all former Yan generals who submitted to Tang after Shi's fall), and Liang Chongyi. By this point, Pinglu consisted of 10 prefectures.
As "Jiedushi".
Li Zhengji was soon made military governor. He continued his alliance with the other military governors who sought "de facto" independence from the imperial government in order to pass the territory to their descendants, however, and as part of the alliance system he gave a daughter in marriage to Li Baochen's son Li Weicheng (李惟誠) and took a daughter of Li Baochen's as the wife of his son Li Na. By 775, however, both Li Zhengji and Li Baochen were displeased with another member of the alliance — Tian Chengsi, who had seized much of Xue Song's Zhaoyi Circuit (昭義, headquartered in modern Anyang, Henan) and merged it into his own Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei) and who had offended both Li Zhengji and Li Baochen by looking down on him and by caning Li Baochen's brother Li Baozheng (李寶正), a son-in-law, to death. In 775, both Li Zhengji and Li Baochen submitted proposals to Emperor Daizong to attack Tian, and Emperor Daizong approved, mobilizing the armies several other circuits loyal to the imperial government (commanded by Li Zhongchen, Zhu Tao, and Xue Jianxun (薛兼訓)) as well to join Li Zhengji and Li Baochen in attack. The joint army initially were successful against Tian, causing Tian much apprehension, but soon began to fall apart, with Li Zhengji initially withdrawing his army after his army complained that Li Baochen's army was receiving more rewards than they were. Tian further sent messengers to flatter Li Zhengji and hinting that he would be willing to yield his land to Li Zhengji, thus causing Li Zhengji to hold off his attacks entirely. Eventually, after Tian was able to play Li Baochen off against Zhu, Emperor Daizong was forced to abandon the campaign against Tian and, at Li Zhengji's urging, permitted Tian to remain at his post.
In 776, after the death of Tian Shenyu (田神玉, Tian Shen'gong's brother), the acting military governor of Biansong Circuit (汴宋, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan), Tian Shenyu's subordinate Li Lingyao (李靈曜) seized control of Biansong Circuit and tried to act independently as well. This time Emperor Daizong reacted by ordering Li Zhengji, Li Zhongchen, Li Mian, Ma Sui, and Chen Shaoyou (陳少遊) to attack Li Lingyao. The main attack against Biansong's capital prefecture Bian Prefecture (汴州) was commanded by Li Zhongchen and Ma, but the other military governors also attacked Biansong from other sides, and, as part of the campaign, Li Zhengji seized five of the eight Biansong prefectures and requested that they be merged into Pinglu. Emperor Daizong agreed, and Li Zhengji moved his headquarters from Qing Prefecture (青州) to Yun Prefecture (鄆州, in modern Tai'an, Shandong), leaving Qing Prefecture in Li Na's hands. Also at his request, Emperor Daizong incorporated Li Zhengji's line into the imperial clan rolls. It was said that by this point, Li Zhengji became the most powerful military governor, with 100,000 men in his army. He governed Pinglu with a harsh hand, such that the citizens in Pinglu did not dare to converse with each other publicly, but it was also said that his laws were fair and simple and the tax burden was low. The military governors of the nearby circuits were all fearful of him. Emperor Daizong created him the Prince of Raoyang.
In 779, after Emperor Daizong's death and succession by his son Emperor Dezong, who had a reputation of being capable and wanting to suppress the power of the military governors, Li Zhengji, wanting to flatter the young emperor, offered to submit a large amount of cash as tribute. Emperor Dezong, listening to the advice of his chancellor Cui Youfu, sent imperial messengers to Pinglu to accept the tribute from Li Zhengji and immediately distribute the tribute to the Pinglu soldiers. Li Zhengji was said to be impressed by but became even more apprehensive of the new emperor as a result. After Emperor Dezong put down a rebellion led by Liu Wenxi (劉文喜) in 780 and showed Liu's severed head to Li Zhengji's messengers, Li Zhengji became even more fearful and planned for war against the imperial troops.
In spring 781, Li Baochen died, and Emperor Dezong rejected the request by Li Baochen's son Li Weiyue to succeed his father as the military governor of Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei). As per the alliance agreement, Li Zhengji and Tian Chengsi's nephew Tian Yue, who had succeeded Tian Chengsi in 779 with imperial approval, prepared for war against the imperial troops, using as an excuse that the chancellor Liu Yan had recently been killed due to false accusations by fellow chancellor Yang Yan. As part of his preparation, Li Zhengji unsuccessfully tried to stop the food shipments from the Yangtze River region, through the Grand Canal, to the Tang capital Chang'an, as the imperial general Zhang Wanfu (張萬福) was able to escort the food shipments through despite intimidation by Pinglu troops.
Li Zhengji died in summer or fall 781. His son, Li Na, as was the case with Li Weiyue, was refused imperial approval to succeed him, but eventually the Emperor Dezong was forced to agree to his succession.

</doc>
<doc id="18975309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975309" title="Augustus Fanno Farmhouse">
Augustus Fanno Farmhouse

The Augustus Fanno Farmhouse was the home of Augustus Fanno, one of the first European American settlers in what became Washington County in the U.S. state of Oregon. Born in Maine in 1804, Fanno lived in Missouri as a young adult and in 1846 moved to Oregon with his first wife, Martha, and son. After Martha died in childbirth in Linn City in the Willamette Valley, Fanno and his son settled a donation land claim to the northwest on a small tributary of the Tualatin River. It was the first such claim to be filed in the county. 
In 1851, Fanno married Rebecca Denney, and the first of their six children was born later that year. In 1859, he designed and built a rural home in the modified New England revival style popular in Oregon at the time. The family pioneered the cultivation of onions in Oregon, and by the 1890s these became regionally recognized for their high quality. Fanno descendants produced onions on the farm until onion maggots drove them out of business in the 1940s. Members of the family occupied the farmhouse until 1974, and in March 1982 they donated the house and adjacent land to the Tualatin Hills Park & Recreation District (THPRD). 
Fanno Farmhouse remains on its original site along Fanno Creek in the Portland, Oregon, suburb of Beaverton. Restored by THPRD, the house is on the National Register of Historic Places, was honored as a significant historical site by Tualatin Valley Heritage, has been named a Century Farm, and was nominated for the 1985 Griffin Cabin Award by the Washington County Historical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18975324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975324" title="Babyshoe Falls">
Babyshoe Falls

Babyshoe Falls drops , with a main drop of , in Babyshoe Pass. It is on an intermittent stream that drains a small marsh (0.25 square mile) on the south side of Babyshoe Pass, at an elevation of . It is located in the Midway High Lakes Area northwest of Mount Adams, in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest of Washington State.

</doc>
<doc id="18975326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975326" title="Nandini Bhaktavatsala">
Nandini Bhaktavatsala

Nandini Bhaktavatsala is an Indian film actress who won the National Film Award for Best Actress for her wonderful performance in the Kannada film, "Kaadu".

</doc>
<doc id="18975327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975327" title="Chen Weixing">
Chen Weixing

Chen Weixing (Simplified Chinese: 陈卫星 Hanyu Pinyin: Chén Wèixīng, Born April 27, 1972, Inner Mongolia, China) is an Austrian table tennis player of Chinese origin. He has played for SVS Lower Austria for several years.
Chen found it difficult to be selected in China's competitive national team. He made it to the top 15 but the opportunity to play at world class level was limited. Therefore he decided to venture to Europe, first to Hungary, then Germany then Austria. Chen is considered to be one of the best defensive players in the world, reaching his personal best ranking of World number 9 in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18975342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975342" title="The Whole Shebang (album)">
The Whole Shebang (album)

The Whole Shebang is the fourth studio album and third record label for Murfreesboro, Tennessee band Fluid Ounces. 
Largely performed by Timbs himself (while still living in Los Angeles) and engineered by Murfreesboro producer Brian Carter, "The Whole Shebang" received typically warm critical acclaim and some of Timbs' strongest material in years. Tracks like "Fool Around," Lazy Bones," "Hung On Every Word" and "Selma Lou" showcased guitars rather than Timbs' trademark piano, while songs "Big Deal Out of Nothing" and "Make It Through" featured a more familiar Ounces sound.
Ken Coomer (formerly of Wilco) played drums on "Paperweight Machine," and Kelli Scott (formerly of Failure) played on "Destined to be Forgotten."
Track listing.
1. Paperweight Machine (2:10)(featuring drums by Ken Coomer)
2. Crazies (4:06)
3. Fool Around (3:11)
4. Lazy Bones (3:47)
5. Big Deal (Out Of Nothing) (3:17)
6. Nobody Loves You (Like You Do) (4:52)
7. Hung On Every Word (3:13)(featuring bass by Mac Burrus and drums by Jason Rawlings)
8. Make It Through (4:24)
9. Selma Lou (3:34)
10. Tokyo Expressway (4:17)
11. Destined To Be Forgotten (5:30)(featuring drums by Kelli Scott and production by Matt Mahaffey)

</doc>
<doc id="18975346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975346" title="1999 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Qualifying">
1999 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Qualifying

The 1999 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Qualifying rounds took place over November 11th to November 13th, 1999 in Prague, Czech Republic. The top 2 teams advanced to the 1999 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Finals where they had a chance to win the EuroFloorball Cup for 1999.
The tournament was known as the 1999 Men's European Cup, but due to name implications, is now known as the 1999 Men's EuroFloorball Cup.
External links.
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18975359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975359" title="Jordan Creek Falls">
Jordan Creek Falls

Jordan Creek Falls drops along Jordan Creek in Skagit County, Washington. The cascade has a run of and is fed by two large lakes and a large watershed. The falls' elevation is at .

</doc>
<doc id="18975365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975365" title="Caucasia (film)">
Caucasia (film)

Caucasia () is a 2007 Azerbaijani film directed by Farid Gumbatov. It was Azerbaijan's submission to the 80th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18975367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975367" title="Loghman Adhami">
Loghman Adhami

Loghman Adhami (born 1949) is an Iranian violinist and composer.
Biography.
Adhami was born in 1949 in Tehran, Iran. From the age of 7, he began playing the violin and composing at age 15. He studied under prominent Iranian and international musicians, such as Parviz Yahaghi, Ali Tajvidi, Manuel Compensky, George Martiroussian and Ronald Konieszica.
Adhami holds a B.A. in music from the School of Arts in Tehran and an M.Sc. from the University of Cincinnati – College-Conservatory of Music. Adhami's musical training includes the Iranian violin technique, the Persian modal ("dastgah") system, western classical composition and theory, and classical violin technique.
Since the 1970s, Loghman Adhami has performed, composed and arranged numerous songs for leading Iranian singers, notably Ebi Hamedi, Fereydoon Farrokhzad, Mahasti, Hayedeh, Hassan Sattar, Homeyra and Leila Forouhar. He has also had extensive collaborations with the Iranian lyricists Tooraj Negahban and Faregh Amiri. Many of these works have developed since his immigration to the United States in the wake of the 1979 Iranian Revolution. In the United States, Adhami has released four hit albums: "Javedaneh" (violin solo), "Ashk" (violin and orchestra), "Golrang" (violin and orchestra) and "Shomal" (violin and piano).
In addition to the violin, Adhami plays the Persian kamanche, tar, oud, ney and tonbak.
Since 1993, he has owned and operated the International Music School in Costa Mesa, California, an academy that employs a diverse teaching staff to offer music lessons in various instruments from around the world. Adhami also hosts a biweekly radio program dedicated to the study of Iranian and world music on 670 AM KIRN in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="18975372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975372" title="The Airborne Toxic Event (album)">
The Airborne Toxic Event (album)

The Airborne Toxic Event is the self-titled debut album by the American alternative rock band The Airborne Toxic Event, first released in the US on August 5, 2008 by Majordomo Records/Shout! Factory. The album was re-released by Island Records on March 16, 2009 following the band's signing to the label. The entire album was recorded using a recording studio in the home of Pete Min, the band's producer. The first single in the US was Sometime Around Midnight, which reached #4 on the Billboard Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart.
The album was released in the UK on February 9, 2009 and features three bonus tracks. First single "Gasoline" was released on November 17, 2008, and second single "Sometime Around Midnight" was released on February 2, 2009. "Gasoline" is also a playable track in the video game "Band Hero". 
"Sometime Around Midnight" was picked as the Starbucks Pick of the Week as an acoustic for May 6.
Both "Sometime Around Midnight" and "Does This Mean You're Moving On?" were written about the same former girlfriend of Mikel Jollet's.

</doc>
<doc id="18975376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975376" title="Kenny Higgs">
Kenny Higgs

Kenneth Lee "Kenny" Higgs (born January 31, 1955, in Owensboro, Kentucky) is a retired American professional basketball player who played three seasons in the National Basketball Association for the Cleveland Cavaliers and Denver Nuggets. He is a 6'0" (183 cm) 180 lb (81.5 kg) point guard and he played collegiately at Louisiana State University.
Higgs was selected by the Cavaliers with the 13th pick in the third round in the 1978 NBA Draft. He shares the Southeastern Conference single-game assists record (19: Phil Pressey, 2012–13 Missouri; Bill Hann, ).
Higgs's best season was in 1980-81 with the 1980-81 Nuggets when he averaged 7.8 points, 2.0 rebounds and 5.7 assists per game. He also played several seasons in the Continental Basketball Association for the Utica Olympics, Detroit Spirits and Evansville Thunder.
Higgs also lead Owensboro High School to the 1972 KHSAA Sweet Sixteen State Championship with a 71-63 win over Elizabethtown at Freedom Hall in Louisville, Kentucky.
His brother, Mark Higgs, is a former NFL running back.

</doc>
<doc id="18975377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975377" title="Air Transat Flight 961">
Air Transat Flight 961

Air Transat Flight 961 was a flight from Varadero, Cuba to Quebec City, Canada on March 6, 2005. The aircraft experienced a structural failure in which the rudder detached in flight. The flight crew were able to regain enough control of the aircraft to return safely to Varadero.
The investigation that followed determined that the manufacturer's inspection procedure for the composite rudder was not adequate. Inspection procedures for composites structures on airliners were changed because of this incident.
Event.
Flight 961 was a routine scheduled commercial flight carrying 262 passengers and 9 crew from Varadero, Cuba to Quebec City on March 6, 2005. At 2:48 am EST, flight 961 powered into the skies above Cuba. The flight climbed to its initial cruising altitude of and the flight attendants began the inflight service. Then, suddenly, at 3:02 am, the aircraft began a dutch roll after a bang shuddered the aircraft violently. The plane climbed until the crew overcame the aircraft upset by descending. The aircraft attempted to divert to Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport but Air Transat operations told the crew that returning to Varadero would be the more prudent option. There were no warnings on the flightdeck indicating a rudder problem or a yaw damper problem. The plane landed safely at 4:19 am. Upon parking at the gate, the crew did another walk around inspection to narrow down the cause of the incident. The inspection revealed that the entire rudder had broken away from the tail of the aircraft.
Cause.
Although most of the cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder were erased due to the long span of time in which the incident occurred, there were several findings as to the cause of the incident. The aircraft probably had a stress fracture in the tail that went unnoticed for several flights prior to the incident flight and the A310 does not have a mechanism in the tail that suspends the growth of the fracture(s).
The Transportation Safety Board found that inspection program of composite rudders was inadequate. In particular, the durability of the rudder was questioned. Air Transat Flight 961 provided new insights into rudder problems on Airbus A300-600, Airbus A300-600R, and Airbus A310 aircraft. The findings of the problems on Flight 961 are still being investigated and applied to similar incidents and accidents.
Aftermath.
The accident aircraft, fin number 303, is still flying with Air Transat as of February 2013.
See also.
American Airlines Flight 587

</doc>
<doc id="18975445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975445" title="Pete Kowalsky">
Pete Kowalsky

Pete "Pean Mete" Kowalsky is a straight edge, vegan vocalist mostly known within the South Florida hardcore scene for having been the singer of bands Remembering Never, Until the End and currently xBISHOPx, and as guitarist for Dirty Habits and Ether. He was the original guitar player in Remembering Never but moved up to vocals after Justin Daily quit following the release of "Suffocates My Words To You". He is also the co-founder of Dead Truth Recordings, and now resides in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
Discography:
Remembering Never- 
Until The End- <br>s/t<br>Blood In The Ink<br>Let The World Burn
xBISHOPx- <br>Suicide Party<br>Bless The Dead<br>Drugs<br>Diary Of A Corpse demo<br>Asylum

</doc>
<doc id="18975506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975506" title="2000–01 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Qualifying">
2000–01 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Qualifying

The 2000–01 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Qualifying rounds took place over 10 to 11 August 2000 in Prague, Czech Republic. The top 2 teams advanced to the 2000-01 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Finals where they had a chance to win the EuroFloorball Cup for 2000–01.
Only 3 teams attended the 2000–01 Qualifying Rounds, as a fourth team from Hungary was forced to pull out due to some unforeseen circumstances.
The 2000–01 EuroFloorball Cup marked the first year in which the International Floorball Federation changed the format to a two-year tournament.
The tournament was known as the 2000–01 Men's European Cup, but due to name implications, is now known as the 2000–01 Men's EuroFloorball Cup.
External links.
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18975578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975578" title="Star in a Million (album)">
Star in a Million (album)

Star in a Million is a compilation album from ABS-CBN's talent show "Star in a Million" in 2003. The songs were performed by the top 10 finalists of the show. The album was released in the Philippines by Star Records.
Track listing.
Repackaged Edition.
After the contest folded up, a repackaged edition of the album was released adding the following songs to the original 12 tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="18975610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975610" title="Sunraysia Football League">
Sunraysia Football League

The Sunraysia Football League is an Australian Rules league based in Northwestern Victoria with clubs located in the vicinity of Mildura and Wentworth, New South Wales. The league is a major country league. 
History.
The "Sunraysia Football League" was formed in 1945, replacing the earlier Mildura Football League (1903 to 1920) and Mildura District Football League (1921 to 1944). 

</doc>
<doc id="18975613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975613" title="Adina World Beat Beverages">
Adina World Beat Beverages

Adina World Beat Beverages is a manufacturer of coffee, tea and juice drinks based in San Francisco, California. The company was founded in 2004 by Magatte Wade-Marchand, Greg Steltenpohl (one of the co-founders of Odwalla Inc.) and Dominique Leveuf. Adina is led by "an international team of entrepreneurs from Odwalla, SoBe and Peet's Coffee" and has worked to preserve traditional beverage recipes from around the world from "being replaced by cola drinks distributed by multinational corporations".
Adina manufactures the drinks from "sustainable" ingredients obtained through fair trade and sourced from small-scale farmers in places like India, Guatemala, Indonesia, and Ethiopia. The company says it works to aid to impoverished farmers.
Origin.
Magatte Wade-Marchand came up with the idea to found a beverage company when she visited her native Senegal and found that cola had replaced traditional hibiscus drinks. Worried that the drinks and the heritage would be lost, Wade-Marchand approached Greg Steltenpohl, who had recently left as head of Odwalla Inc., and asked for help to begin a company. He agreed, and, with his wife, Dominique Leveuf, the three began the company. Adina for Life is headquartered at 660 York Street in San Francisco, California. To fund the start-up, the founders contributed heavily; in addition, the trio raised $5 million in investments in early years.
The company sells a variety of beverages based on drinks from around the world in 14 fluid ounce bottles, mainly to the San Francisco Bay Area. However, the company is promoting their products in large cities throughout the United States like New York City and Austin, Texas.
Partnerships.
Adina is partnered with several organizations that share their goals, including Agribusiness in Sustainable Natural African Plant Products (ASNAPP), which works to reduce poverty in Africa; Association Education Santé (AES), which works to help hibiscus farmers in the global market; the ECO-AGRI Research Foundation, a non-profit organization centered in India seeking to improve the lives of rural farmers; as well as other co-ops and financers in third-world countries.
Products.
Adina's natural beverages span four product lines:

</doc>
<doc id="18975622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975622" title="Baron Hirsch Synagogue">
Baron Hirsch Synagogue

The Baron Hirsch Synagogue (also Baron Hirsch Congregation), established Memphis, Tennessee circa 1862–1864, is a flagship of American Orthodox Judaism. From modest beginnings, it underwent tremendous growth in the first half of the 20th century, emerging, in the 1950s, as the largest Orthodox congregation in the United States, a position it still holds.
Its former building, an impressive International Style structure built in the 1950s, is a U.S. Historic District Contributing Property and the centerpiece of the Vollintine Hills Historic District, a cohesive collection of 78 post-World War II Minimal Traditional and ranch-style houses built around the former synagogue by members of the congregation.
History.
1860s–1910.
The nucleus of the Jewish community in Memphis formed in the downtown area north of Adams Street commonly known as the "Pinch" or "Pinch District". The Pinch was the center of, and traditionally associated with, immigration and immigrant communities in Memphis. 
Having no permanent place of worship at its initial organization in the 1860s, around 1884, a group of Jewish immigrants who wished to follow religious Orthodoxy began to pray together in rooms above various downtown Memphis stores, at private homes, and on the second floor of a modest hotel. Rabbi I. Myerowitz was the congregation's first spiritual leader, serving from 1891 to 1893. 
In about 1890 or 1892, the group was chartered as the Baron Hirsch Benevolent Society, named in honor of the famed French Jewish philanthropist, Baron Moritz de Hirsch. 
That same year they purchased a former African American church at 4th Street and Washington Avenue, in the Pinch, for use as a synagogue, moving in in 1912. A contemporary account gives membership in 1904 as eighty-five.
1910–1920s.
The Baron Hirsch congregation continued to grow and soon tore down their old building and built a new synagogue, at a cost of $35,000 ($ in current dollar terms), on the same site in 1915. The new synagogue's sanctuary could hold over 700 worshippers. Still located in the downtown Pinch district, the congregation built the Menorah Institute next to the synagogue in 1928, providing classrooms and space for the congregation's social activities. This building was razed after the congregation relocated in the 1950s.
The total Jewish population in Memphis in 1920 was approximately 7,000 persons.
1930s–1940s.
In the 1930s, the Memphis Jewish community continued the move eastward from the Pinch and other downtown neighborhoods that had begun in the 1920s to the new subdivisions in northern Midtown around the Vollintine-Evergreen area and many members began keeping Sabbath apartments downtown in order to attend synagogue. The congregation struggled somewhat in the Depression years. However, by 1941, Baron Hirsch had 500 member households and 300 children in its religious school.
During World War II, it opened the Menorah Institute to soldiers stationed in the area, converting part of the building to a USO Center with sleeping quarters. The outside area between the synagogue and the Menorah Institute was paved for use in USO dances.
1950s.
Flourishing in the post-War years under the leadership of Rabbi Isadore Goodman, by the late 1950s, it had grown to over 1000 households and 500 children in its school. This dramatic increase in membership coupled with the movement of Jews out of the downtown Pinch area, spurred the congregation to begin planning for a new synagogue. 
Built in two phases — 1950–52 and 1955–57 — on a plot, the enormous new synagogue rose on the site of a former golf course at Vollintine Avenue and Evergreen Street in midtown Memphis (in what is now the Vollintine Hills Historic District). It was built with 2200 permanent seats in the sanctuary and accommodation for an additional 1000 worshippers. When it was completed in 1957, the main sanctuary of the synagogue was the largest in the United States, according to the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America. 
The $1,600,000 rectilinear International Style building was designed by architect George Awsumb with powerful gray limestone wall cladding enhancing its clean modern lines. Artisan Jack Grue designed the stained glass windows. 
Construction of this new synagogue, along with a significant amount of new housing for members of the congregation that was within walking distance of the synagogue, created a clearly definable geographic area, readily distinguishable from other areas, which has now been placed on the National Register of Historic Places and called the Vollintine Hills Historic District.
The congregation's membership doubled in the new synagogue, emerging as the largest Orthodox congregation in the United States. Explanations for this strong growth vary: A claim has been made that it is a "testament to the strength of orthodox Judaism in Memphis;" other sources attribute it as something of a hallmark or local trait, that is, the tendency at that time for both Jews and Christians in Memphis to be affiliated with a religious institution. In the United States in the 1950s, there was a national trend towards increased affiliation with both church and synagogue membership rising in an unprecedented fashion. The country experienced a 40% rise in population from the 1930s to the 1950s but a 50% increase in church and synagogue affiliation.
Recent changes.
Continual neighborhood transitions and the ongoing movement of members toward the east-lying Memphis suburbs, meant that the congregation again needed to find an additional location to remain within walking distance of most of its members. Under the leadership of Rabbi Rafael G. Grossman (now Senior Rabbi, Emeritus) the congregation began a transition from its edifice in midtown Memphis. 
Baron Hirsch acquired the estate of musician Isaac Hayes and converted the mansion for its use as a satellite campus. By the mid-1980s, almost all Baron Hirsch members were in this area and it was determined that the entire synagogue complex would have to move as well. Additional land was purchased next to the satellite site, another building campaign was undertaken, and the large new synagogue and campus on South Yates Road was completed in 1988.
Current status.
Although it has declined somewhat from its post-World War II peak, Baron Hirsch continues to flourish as a modern Orthodox Zionist congregation. 
The congregation is currently led by Senior Rabbi Shai Finklestein, and the weekly services are led by Cantor Ricky Kampf.

</doc>
<doc id="18975631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975631" title="Caitlin Lever">
Caitlin Lever

Caitlin Lever (b. March 12, 1985 in Morristown, New Jersey) is a Canadian softball player. She is an outfielder who bats left and throws right.
Early life.
In her youth, she played ice hockey. She graduated from the Georgia Institute of Technology in 2007. In her final year playing for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets softball team, she set team records for hits and on-base percentage.
Career.
She played for Canada at the 2008 Summer Olympics. After graduation, she signed with the Chicago Bandits of National Pro Fastpitch.
Personal.
She currently resides in Buffalo, New York.
Her father is former NHL player Don Lever. Her uncle another former NHLer, Rick Ley. She was born in Morristown, New Jersey when her father was a member of the New Jersey Devils.

</doc>
<doc id="18975648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975648" title="Kunku">
Kunku

Kunku or Duniya Na Mane (The Unexpected) is a 1937 Hindi classic social drama film directed by V. Shantaram, and based on the Marathi novel, "Na Patnari Goshta" by Narayan Hari Apte, who also wrote film’s screenplay.
The movie went on to become both a critical and commercial success, and was shown at the Venice International Film Festival. The film is now hailed for "its daring attack on the treatment of women in Indian society." and depiction of child marriage.
For film's lead actress, Shanta Apte, it was third most memorable performance in a row, after V.Shantaram's previous classics, "Amrit Manthan" (1934) and "Amar Jyoti" (1936). Besides other songs, she also sang a full-fledged English song in the film: "A Psalm of Life", written by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow (1807–1882).
Plot.
The basic storyline revolves around a young woman, Nirmala (Shanta Apte) rebelling against her marriage to a much older widower, Kaka Saheb (Keshavrao Date), as was the practice in those days. It was also, one of first film to touch upon the issue of widow remarriage 
Music.
The songs are from the lead actress Shanta Apte even sung. Shantaram Athavale wrote the lyrics to the music of Keshavrao Bhole. The English text of the song in the world's broad field of battle ... Be not like dumb, driven cattle is a poem by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.
Criticism.
Despite the stresses of the film's melodramatic trains get Shantaram, his films always cut themselves, some outstanding visuals as the smiling face of the old man in the shards of broken mirror and the leitmotif of the ticking clock. Many of these images symbolize the impotence of the old man.

</doc>
<doc id="18975655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975655" title="Chris Corcoran (soccer)">
Chris Corcoran (soccer)

Christopher Corcoran (born March 30, 1983 in Weymouth, Massachusetts) is an American soccer player, who is currently playing for Gamlakarleby Bollklubb.
Early life.
Corcoran grew up in Marshfield, Massachusetts where he attended Marshfield High School.
Career.
College career.
He then entered St. John's University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 2001 to 2004. He finished his four seasons with twelve goals in seventy-five games.
Professional career.
In 2002, he played for the Cape Cod Crusaders of the fourth division Premier Development League during the collegiate off season. In 2003, he spent the summer with the Brooklyn Knights. On January 14, 2005, the MetroStars selected Corcoran in the 3rd round (25th overall) in the 2005 MLS SuperDraft. Corcoran had difficulty recovering from two broken feet from his final game at St. John's and never saw first team time. He did play nine games with the reserves before being released on November 15, 2006. That winter, he had trials with Limavady United in Northern Ireland and Falkirk FC Scotland but did not qualify for a work permit. He returned to the United States to try out with the Columbus Crew. He was not offered a contract and on April 20, 2006, he signed with the Charleston Battery of the USL First Division.
Finland.
In April 2009, Corcoran signed with Ekenäs Idrottsförening and played in 31 games and scored 10 goals while there for 2 seasons. On February 4, 2011, he left Ekenäs IF and signed with Gamlakarleby Bollklubb.

</doc>
<doc id="18975689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975689" title="In Spite of Wishing and Wanting">
In Spite of Wishing and Wanting

In Spite of Wishing and Wanting is a 1999 soundtrack by David Byrne for the Ultima Vez dance troupe show of the same name. It features original compositions as well as remixes from Byrne's previous album "Feelings". Byrne sold the album through his web site and live performances for a limited time.
As indicated in the liner notes, Byrne first saw Ultima Vez in Seattle in 1991 and kept in contact for several years before deciding to write the music for a show based on the fiction of Julio Cortázar.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by David Byrne, except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="18975698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975698" title="Sethiyur">
Sethiyur

Sethiyur is a village in Cuddalore district, Tamil Nadu, on the south-west coast of India.

</doc>
<doc id="18975744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975744" title="The Joshua Light Show">
The Joshua Light Show

The Joshua Light Show, created by Joshua White, was one of the trailblazing liquid light shows. It was renowned for its psychedelic art and served as a lighting backdrop behind many live band performances at the Fillmore East in the East Village area of Manhattan and throughout the New York City suburbs from Connecticut to New Jersey during the late 1960s and early 1970s. Credits appear in a film of a live performance of The Chambers Brothers, during 1970 and include William Schwarzbach, Thomas Shoesmith, Lois Zelman, and Cecily Hoyt. 

</doc>
<doc id="18975774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975774" title="Horrorshow (band)">
Horrorshow (band)

Horrorshow is an Australian hip hop duo from the Inner West area of Sydney, Australia. The duo consists of Solo (vocals) and Adit (producer). Together with Spit Syndicate, Jackie Onassis and Joyride, Horrorshow are members of the '1Day' crew from the inner-west of Sydney. 
Horrorshow have published three albums since 2008 as well as two singles and a recorded set of an acoustic performance featuring Joyride amongst others which was labelled ""Live at the Spiegeltent"".
History.
"The Grey Space".
After signing with the Elefant Traks label, the pair released their debut album "The Grey Space", an album created largely during the duo's high school years, at a time where they linked up with Spit Syndicate and Joyride to form the extended 1Day crew. Elefant Traks artist and co-founder Urthboy explained the duo's recruitment in a blog post published in the lead-up to the release of Horrorshow's third album:
When Horrorshow brought me "The Grey Space" I deduced that they were fans of Atmosphere. They wouldn’t put "Walk You Home" on it, making the better decision to keep it for their unfinished second album, despite my wishes at the time. The first wanna join the Elefants conversation I had with them took place on the balcony at our studio/office at the time in Enmore. I remember telling them that the only way Elefant Traks could develop was if the likes of Horrorshow took the possibilities opened up by The Herd and amplify them. 
The album eventually earned an ARIA nomination, and the band completed tours with The Herd, Muph & Plutonic and Hermitude.
"Inside Story".
After the release of their debut followed their second album "Inside Story" in 2009, which was acclaimed amongst their fans for its eloquent lyricism and soulful production. It was chosen as a Triple J Feature Album, FBi Album of the Week and was also favourably received by Australian music critics.
"King Amongst Many".
An indication of Horrorshow's third album was revealed with a song entitled "Did You Hear?", which features a horns section. On 22 December 2012, a confirmation of the third album's 2013 release was posted on the group's Facebook fan page. In early May 2013, another song "Unfair Lottery" was released on the Internet and received radio airplay. The song was made officially available in a digital format on 24 May 2013 and appears on Horrorshow's third album. The subject of "Unfair Lottery" is concerned with the racial notion of "white privilege". The music video for "Unfair Lottery" premiered on Channel V's "WTF" programme on 5 June 2013.
The band revealed the name of their third album "King Amongst Many" on 13 June 2013, following the rapid sale of tickets for the "Unfair Lottery" single launch shows. An album release date of 2 August 2013 was subsequently publicised in the promotional material for the Australian 'King Amongst Many Tour' that spans from September to November 2013.
"King Amongst Many" was featured as 'Album of the Week' on Australia's Triple J radio station and feature album on Sydney, Australia community radio station FBi.
Touring.
The pair have sold out every headline show they have performed in Sydney. Horrorshow has also appeared at major Australian music festivals, including the Big Day Out, Splendour in the Grass and Groovin' the Moo.
In 2010 the duo travelled overseas, supporting Brother Ali and Urthboy in Germany, as well as the Hilltop Hoods at the trio's sold-out London show.
In 2012, Horrorshow again supported the Hilltop Hoods on a European tour and continued in this role for the Hilltop Hoods' "Speaking in Tongues" Australian tour. The band was included in the line-up for the 2012 Brisbane Festival and performed at the Spiegeltent venue.
Collaborations.
Solo regularly appears on Spit Syndicate tracks, including: "Here Today, Gone Tomorrow", "On & On" and "All Summer Long" from the album "Towards The Light"; "Showtime" and "Contour Lines" from the album "Exile"; "Venice Queen" from the mixtape "Best Intentions Part I"; and "Along The Way" from the album "Sunday Gentlemen". Horrorshow and Spit Syndicate are both members of the '1day' crew.
Solo also appears on the song "The Underground", by the Hilltop Hoods, from the album "Drinking From The Sun" (with other guest vocalist Classified); "On Your Shoulders", by Urthboy, from the album "Smokey's Haunt" (with other guest vocalist Jimblah); "Mr Inside", by Thundamentals member Tuka, from his second solo album "Feedback Loop"; "Dead 'Em", by Mantra, from the album "Speaking Volumes" (with other guest vocalists Urthboy, Illy, Jeremedy (Grey Ghost) and Muph); and "For What It's Worth", by M-Phazes, from the album "Good Gracious".
Awards.
Horrorshow's third studio album release appeared in the Full Shortlist for the 9th Australian Music Prize (AMP), which was unveiled at the Sidney Myer Music Bowl in Melbourne, Australia on 26 January 2014. Selected from a Longlist of 43 artists, Horrorshow was nominated for "King Amongst Many", while label-mate Jimblah was nominated for his second album"Phoenix". Other artists in the Full Shortlist included Beaches and Big Scary and the judges were presented with an original list of 300 albums.

</doc>
<doc id="18975816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975816" title="Daniel Guilet">
Daniel Guilet

Daniel Guilet (January 10, 1899 – October 14, 1990) was a French, and later, American, classical violinist, best known for being the founder of the Beaux Arts Trio.
He was born at Rostov-on-Don in the Russian Empire and raised in Paris, where his family moved when he was less than a year old. His original surname was Guilevitch (), which he changed when he went to the USA. His teachers at the Conservatoire de Paris included Georges Enesco and Guillaume Remy. He played in the Calvet String Quartet and as a soloist, and toured France with Maurice Ravel playing his accompaniments.
He immigrated in 1941, in his forties, to the U.S., and organized, the next year, a string quartet bearing his own surname. In 1944, he joined the NBC Symphony Orchestra, under conductor Arturo Toscanini; Guilet became concertmaster in 1951, and continued in that position in 1954 when Toscanini retired and the orchestra was renamed the Symphony of the Air.
Also in 1954, he invited cellist Bernard Greenhouse to join him and Menahem Pressler, with whom Guilet had previously made recordings, in playing informally—supposedly, as Greenhouse put it 25 years later, just "to play some Mozart". As it turned out, they named their group the Beaux Arts Trio, and began playing in public at Tanglewood in 1955. The ensemble built an international reputation, and (at the time of his death 45 years later, and 30 after his retirement) the New York Times described it as still the "most prominent trio" in chamber music, anywhere.
Guilet retired from performing in 1969, after which he taught at Indiana University, the Manhattan School of Music, the Royal Conservatory of Music in Montreal, Oklahoma University and Baylor University. He died following a cerebral hemorrhage at the age of 91.

</doc>
<doc id="18975882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975882" title="Conaing mac Flainn">
Conaing mac Flainn

Conaing mac Flainn (died 849) was a King of Brega from the Uí Chonaing sept of Cnogba (Knowth) of the Síl nÁedo Sláine branch of the southern Ui Neill. He was the son of Flann mac Congalaig (died 812),a previous kings. He ruled from 839-849.
The Uí Chonaing sept had conquered the lands of the Ciannachta (south of the Lower Boyne in modern County Meath) and were normally styled Kings of Ciannachta in this period. In 841 Conaing had a rival from his own kin Áed, son of Dúnchad, killed by his associates in his presence. At his death date in the annals he is styled "rex Bregh" -King of Brega- a title that had not been used in the annals since 771.
His sons Cináed mac Conaing (died 851) and Flann mac Conaing (died 868) were also Kings of Brega.

</doc>
<doc id="18975927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975927" title="List of UK garage artists">
List of UK garage artists

This is a list of notable artists who have worked in the UK garage genre and subgenres, except dubstep and grime as they have their own lists. This includes notable artists who have either been very important to the genre or have had a considerable amount of exposure (such as in the case of one that has been on a major label, but not limited to such). This list does not include little-known local artists. Only artists who have articles are included. Groups and artists with aliases are listed by the first letter in their name (not including the words "a", "an", or "the"), and individuals are listed by their surname.

</doc>
<doc id="18975944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975944" title="Shatin SA">
Shatin SA

Shatin Sports Association () is a sport club based in Sha Tin District of Hong Kong. Its football team is now in the Hong Kong Second Division League and played in the Hong Kong First Division League in the 2009-10 season. The club is sponsored by Lam Tai-fai.
2008-09 Hong Kong FA Cup.
Shatin SA, as Silver Shield (Junior) winners, were invited to take part in the Hong Kong FA Cup 2008-09 by the HKFA. The team was drawn against Kitchee SC in the first round and lost the game 3-0.

</doc>
<doc id="18975955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975955" title="American Musical Theatre of San Jose">
American Musical Theatre of San Jose

The American Musical Theatre of San Jose (AMTSJ) was a professional non-profit musical theatre company in San Jose, California. It was founded in 1934 as the San Jose Light Opera Association, a light opera company. Before its abrupt demise in December 2008, it was the largest member of the San Jose arts and culture community with an annual attendance exceeding 150,000.
History.
The American Musical Theatre of San Jose has been through many name changes, providing a rough outline of the company's history.
San Jose Light Opera Association.
In 1934, a group of community volunteers formed the San Jose Light Opera Association (SJLOA), performing works by Gilbert and Sullivan. The first production was "The Mikado", held at the Victory Theatre on North First Street near Santa Clara Avenue in downtown San Jose, where they would perform for several more years. Shows were later held at Theodore Roosevelt Junior High School Auditorium, the Montgomery Theatre downtown, and then the Santa Clara University Theatre.
For the 1957/1958 season, SJLOA shifted from light opera to musical theatre. (Light opera is light-hearted opera usually with a happy ending; musical theatre can be thought of as a play with singing.) Also, performances were moved to the San Jose Civic Auditorium. The first productions in the new venue were "Carousel" and "Guys and Dolls".
San Jose Music Theatre.
In 1972, as the company continued to grow in popularity and success, SJLOA changed its name to San Jose Music Theatre (SJMT), in time for its move into the new San Jose Community Theatre (renamed in 1975 as the San Jose Center for the Performing Arts). To mark the occasion, SJMT hired its first Equity actor, Enzo Stuarti, for its production of "South Pacific". Unfortunately, the move to the new venue was delayed when the interior ceiling of the Community Theatre collapsed, closing the building for three years for repairs.
In 1975, SJMT finally debuted at the Center for Performing Arts with "Guys and Dolls". That same year, SJMT began to contract much more Equity talent, including stars like Michele Lee, Tommy Tune, JoAnne Worley, Theodore Bikel, and Tyne Daly. The influx of Equity actors forced SJMT to begin a costume shop; before that, actors were responsible for making their own costumes. By 1979 SJMT was providing costumes for the entire cast.
The 1979/1980 season saw a downturn in the company's fortunes. The premiere of "City of Broken Promises", based on the book of the same name by Austin Coates, ran so far over budget that SJMT faced bankruptcy. The President of the board resigned, and newly installed President Anthony J. Mercant demanded that each board member donate $500 or resign. The members complied, and this, coupled with a grant from Chevron, averted financial disaster.
San Jose Civic Light Opera.
After the 1979/1980 season the board hired Stewart Slater as General Manager, ushering in a new era and another new name: the San Jose Civic Light Opera (SJCLO). In Slater, who had been general manager of American Conservatory Theatre in San Francisco, the board chose someone from outside the organization and a proven business leader. Within two years of Slater's hiring, SJCLO once again had a balanced budget and began a streak of eight profitable seasons.
When Slater took over, the company relied heavily on star power to draw audiences. The big names were paid for at the expense of production quality; many of the supporting cast were unpaid volunteers. One of Slater's first acts was to end this practice, avoiding costly stars to bolster the quality of the entire production.
In 1984, thanks to a successful season ticket renewal campaign, the CLO had a rare surplus of $40,000 in advance ticket sales, prompting Slater to take an unprecedented risk for the organization. He hired a Chicago arts publicist, Danny Newman, to organize the largest direct mailing campaign ever done by an arts organization, spending the entire surplus. The gamble paid off, with the number of season ticket subscribers increasing by 10,000 within two years.
The Slater era saw steady growth in the company's reputation and attendance. Performances such as the critically acclaimed production of "Jesus Christ Superstar" in the 1989/1990 season and the widely successful restaging of "Chess" in 1991/1992 were considered notable achievements by Dianna Shuster, whom Slater had promoted to Artistic Director in 1985.
American Musical Theatre of San Jose.
In 1995, the theatre changed its name yet again, this time to American Musical Theatre of San Jose, to commemorate its 60th anniversary.
In February 2002, AMTSJ announced an agreement with the Nederlander Organization, one of the largest operators of live theatre and music in the United States, allowing AMTSJ to present touring Broadway shows in the same season with locally produced shows. The move ended a 67-year era of exclusive locally produced works and led to the departure of artistic director Dianna Shuster.
Following the Nederlander agreement, single-ticket sales, subscriptions, and donations all plummeted, leading to a loss at least $2 million over two years, and to the departure of Slater after 24 years as executive producer. Michael Miller, the new executive producer, blamed the downturn on the community disconnect caused when the Nederlander agreement displaced local talent and on the struggling Silicon Valley economy.
Upon his arrival from Paper Mill Playhouse in New Jersey, the AMTSJ alumnus Miller launched a program to boost revenues with flexible ticket package offerings, extensive marketing, and aggressive fundraising. The plan paid off almost immediately, with AMTSJ showing over $500,000 of positive revenue for 2005, cutting debt by one third.
Before the company's collapse, the theatre entertained 150,000 attendees annually — including 15,000 season ticket holders — on a $9,800,000 budget.
Bankruptcy and Liquidation.
On November 26, 2008, AMTSJ laid off all of its employees. The following week, it filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy and ended operations. Executive producer Michael Miller announced that the sudden failure was due to a $1.7 million loss on an adaptation of Disney's musical "Tarzan" in partnership with Theater of the Stars in Atlanta. Miller called legal action against Theater of the Stars "likely" and claimed that money given to Theater of the Stars by AMTSJ for "Tarzan" was diverted for other purposes. Company assets were auctioned the last week of February, 2009.
Stage productions.
All shows are main stage productions, unless otherwise noted. Sourced from original programs.

</doc>
<doc id="18975958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975958" title="Starry Lee">
Starry Lee

Starry Lee Wai-king JP (; born 1974, Hong Kong) is the member of Legislative Council of Hong Kong representing the constituency of Kowloon West. She is also a member of Kowloon City's District Council. She is currently the second-youngest member in LegCo, after Gary Chan. She is also a member of the Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong (DAB), a pro-Beijing party in Hong Kong.
She formerly worked as an accountant at KPMG in Hong Kong. She is now a principal at the CCIF CPA Ltd. She was elected to be the member of Kowloon City District Council when she was 26, and she was the youngest district councillor at that time.
Starry"s hometown is xichao, nan hai area of Foshan city
She represented DAB for the constituency of Kowloon West in the Hong Kong legislative election, 2008; she won the seat.
In 2010 DAB legislator Starry Lee said she will not sign a petition to help ban import of highly endangered Atlantic bluefin tuna to Hong Kong, because her daughter loves sashimi and she does not want her daughter to get mad at her.

</doc>
<doc id="18975979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975979" title="Hansen Nichols">
Hansen Nichols

Hansen Fernandez Nichols (born October 21) also known as Sen was born and raised in California, USA to an American father and a Filipino mother. He graduated from the University of San Francisco with a degree of Bachelor of Science in Economics. As a child, he really wanted to be a singer. This dream started away back when he was a small boy watching his mom sing at parties. With a Fil-Am-Spanish-Irish descent, Hansen is no stranger to the Filipino culture and entertainment industry. His idols, to name a few, include Martin Nievera, Ariel Rivera, and Gary Valenciano.
Hansen and his mom escaped serious injury when they encountered a car accident while driving on the freeway in Sacramento, California in 2001 but unfortunately, he was diagnosed with papillary carcinoma, otherwise known as thyroid cancer and was advised to undergo an immediate thyroidectomy - a process which involves removing the entire thyroid gland.
Unsure if he will be able to sing again, Hansen postponed his surgery to give way to his last performance, which happened to be with his church choir.
Hansen managed to utter a few words as he regained consciousness right after his operation. His doctors were astounded because he wasn’t expected to talk yet. He was given a clean bill of health after a series of treatments.
In 2005, Hansen came to the Philippines to pursue a yet-uncertain career in music. He tried his luck as a promising scholar in the first season of ABS-CBN’s reality show, Pinoy Dream Academy. He made it to the NCR leg but failed the final casting during kick-off.
Like the true survivor that he is, Hansen once again auditioned to be part of PDA Season 2. He was the first person to be called in as one of the scholars for the said season. As the semester in the academy came to a close he ranked as the top 7th scholar. His rendition of the song “Wala Kang Katulad” which was first sang by Ariel Rivera became part of the album Scholars Sing Cayabyab – a compilation album of Ryan Cayabyab-composed songs performed by the Pinoy Dream Academy Season 2 Top 10 scholars.

</doc>
<doc id="18975987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975987" title="Brandon Curran">
Brandon Curran

Brandon Curran (born October 13, 1980 in Papillion, Nebraska) is an American soccer defender, who currently plays for the Charleston Battery of the USL First Division.
Curran attended UMass Lowell, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1999 to 2002. He was a 2002 second team All American and finished his career ranked seventh on the school’s all time points list. He graduated in 2003. He was inducted into the UMass Lowell Athletic Hall of Fame in 2008. Curran began playing for the Worcester Kings of the USL Professional Development League (PDL) in 2002 between his Junior and Senior year of college and then signed a professional contract with the New Hampshire Phantoms of the USL Second Division in 2003 at the end of his college career. In 2004, he played a handful of games on trial with the New England Revolution. In 2005, he was a second team All Star. In April 2006, Curran signed with the Charleston Battery of the USL First Division; started 32 games and completed the season as the player with the most minutes played. In 2008, he went on loan for five games with the Wilmington Hammerheads of the USL Second Division.
Coach.
In 2003, Curran became an assistant coach with UMass Lowell.

</doc>
<doc id="18975991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18975991" title="Émile Boutmy">
Émile Boutmy

Émile Boutmy (13 April 1835 – 25 January 1906) was a French political scientist and sociologist who was a native of Paris.
He studied law in Paris, and from 1867 to 1870 gave lectures on the history and culture of civilizations as it pertained to architecture at the "École Spéciale d'Architecture". Being shocked by the ignorance and disinterest in regards to political issues that he observed during the Paris Commune, he founded in 1872 the "Ecole Libre des Sciences Politiques" with important industrialists and academics that included Hippolyte Taine, Ernest Renan, Albert Sorel and Pierre Paul Leroy-Beaulieu. 
From 1873 to 1890, Boutmy gave classes on the constitutional history of England, France and the United States. In 1879 he was appointed to the "Académie des Sciences Morales et Politiques". Today the main auditorium of the "Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris" ("Sciences Po") is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18976001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976001" title="Agai">
Agai

Agai may refer to:
Agai means 'trout' in the language spoken by Northern Paiute native Americans, and may also refer to:
AGAI may refer to:
AGAI may also refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="18976008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976008" title="Mallee Football League (Victoria)">
Mallee Football League (Victoria)

The Mallee Football Netball League (MFNL) is an Australian rules football and netball competition containing seven clubs based in the Mallee region of northwestern Victoria, Australia. The league features three grades in the Australian rules football competition, with these being First-Grade, Reserve-Grade and Under 16s. It is not to be confused with the identically named Mallee Football League (South Australia).
History.
The "Mallee Football League" was formed in 1997 from the merger of the Northern Mallee and Southern Mallee Football Leagues. The Northern Mallee Football League had been reduced to four clubs after Ouyen Rovers and Tempy-Gorya-Patchewollock merged to form Ouyen United.

</doc>
<doc id="18976038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976038" title="Catherine Winder">
Catherine Winder

Catherine Winder is a digital media producer and executive. She is producing a feature film based on the “Angry Birds” game, one of the world’s biggest entertainment franchises and the number one app of all time. Winder also runs her own media consulting business focused on business strategy, market integration of new technologies, project development and production. Her clients have included; Rovio Entertainment, Sprout, DisneyToons Studios, Illumination Entertainment, LucasFilm, Warner Bros. TV Animation, Laika Animation, Skybound Entertainment, and XD Productions.
Previously, as President/Executive Producer of Rainmaker Entertainment, a public company, she oversaw all creative, and production operations of the studio. Her responsibilities included the development of a slate of feature films, the creation of a shorts program and the production and delivery of ten DVD’s for Mattel. Partnering with The Weinstein Company she produced the feature film, Escape from Planet Earth. For this movie she came in midway and restructured the project, hired and managed all of the key creative talent in order to ensure its’ completion and delivery.
Taking the Star Wars franchise into CG animation, Winder acted as Executive Producer for Lucasfilm Animation for the division and George Lucas’ Producer on the first animated Star Wars movie and highly rated television series Star Wars: The Clone Wars (season I & 2). Writing the company’s business plan and setting-up their wholly owned studios in Singapore and Marin, she built and led a global team of over 200 artists and technical staff to develop and produce this content.
As Senior Vice President, Production for Fox Feature Animation, working for Chris Meledandri, Winder was integrally involved in the transformation of Fox's Blue Sky Studio from a visual effects and commercial production house into a CG feature film studio. During her tenure at Fox, she was responsible for overseeing the production of the Oscar® nominated film Ice Age as well as completing Titan A.E. and ramping up Robots for production.
Prior to Fox Feature Animation, Winder co-founded an animation studio for HBO. As Vice President of HBO Animation, she produced the award winning series Todd McFarlane’s Spawn based on the original graphic novels as well as Ralph Bakshi’s anthology series Spicy City. Before her stint at HBO, Winder garnered her first producing credit at Colossal Pictures, where she set up a unit to produce Aeon Flux for MTV in San Francisco, Japan and Korea. Working at Hanna-Barbera/Turner Productions, Winder oversaw all domestic and international production of made-for-TV movies, television series and shorts for many international territories. Some of her credits during this tenure include the original animated pilots for Cartoon Network’s Dexter’s Lab, Johnny Bravo, and The Power Puff Girls. At Turner she worked on the film Once Upon
a Forest, living in Taiwan for ten months to ensure the project’s completion. Her animation career began at Disney TV Animation Japan where she lived for three years while working on the Tale Spin and Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers series.
Winder co-authored the second edition of her industry handbook “Producing Animation” for Focal Press released in September 2011. She also wrote and produced the award winning short film Luna in 2011 (Winner California Shorts Festival, Spokane/SpIFF, Silicon Valley Festival, Metropolitan Festival of NYC) featured within the book as an interactive website and case study in animated film production featured on Rainmaker.com.
She is the co-author with Zahra Dowlatabadi of Producing Animation, Focal Press 2001, 2011 ISBN 0-240-80412-0
Winder is the former president of Canadian animation studio Rainmaker Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="18976064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976064" title="2008–09 Hazfi Cup">
2008–09 Hazfi Cup

The Hazfi Cup 2008–09 is the 22nd staging of Iran's football knockout competition. Esteghlal is the defending champions.
The cup winner were guaranteed a place in the 2010 AFC Champions League.

</doc>
<doc id="18976097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976097" title="Artist Acro">
Artist Acro

Story.
Once upon a time, artists were able to use their special skills freely, until seven years ago with a group of artists began using souls as raw materials for their work. Now society lives in fear of artists as a young man named Acro Hanbakka travels to the capital city to ply his trade as a sculptor and to realize his dream of becoming a great artist.
Characters:
-Acro Hanbakka
-Dekko
-Subaru Ciel
-Bleu Ciel

</doc>
<doc id="18976189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976189" title="Environment of California">
Environment of California

The environment of California describes results of human habitation of the State of California.
History of environmental action.
California's Mediterranean climate makes vegetation susceptible to wildfires through the dry summers. Aboriginal Californians used fire to control brush, promote growth of seed-producing plants important to subsistence, and perhaps as an aid to hunting wildlife. These periodic fires kept woodland areas relatively open until 20th century laws curtailed burning in an effort to protect structures. European crops and livestock were introduced with missions along the coast from San Diego to San Francisco Bay through the late 18th and early 19th century. The California Gold Rush caused explosive population growth making San Francisco the only 19th century city west of St. Louis, Missouri. Water soon became the limiting factor for population growth, and early laws established water rights for irrigation and hydraulic mining. The Great Flood of 1862 washed gravel displaced by gold mining downstream to cover riparian cropland and fill formerly navigable stream channels serving as transportation corridors to San Francisco Bay. The damage encouraged passage of water pollution control legislation broadly regulating disposal of waste to include relatively innocuous materials like gravel. These California laws provided a template for the United States Environmental Protection Agency National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System.
Population and transportation.
California's aboriginal population of about 300,000 was distributed in relatively self-sufficient groups with subsistence resources on the coastal wetlands near the mouth of the Smith River, along the Klamath River and its interior wetlands, on the coastal wetlands surrounding Humboldt Bay, on the wetlands surrounding San Francisco Bay and the rivers of the California Central Valley, along the Salinas River, and along the coastal wetlands between Morro Bay and San Diego Bay. Early European trade was by ship, but El Camino Real extended northward along the southern California coast and through the California Coast Ranges from Mexico to San Francisco Bay to link individual missions with seaports. San Francisco Bay became the most important seaport for the gold rush and ferries of San Francisco Bay carried trade between the seaport and mining areas. The California Trail became the first important land link between San Francisco Bay and the eastern United States during the gold rush and became the route of the First Transcontinental Railroad in 1869. The gold rush brought approximately 200,000 new residents to California, and 36% of Californians lived around San Francisco Bay by 1870. Lumber from coastal redwood forests was transported to San Francisco by ships. Redwood proved poorly suited for railroad ties, so fast-growing Australian eucalypts were widely planted to provide future supplies.
San Francisco Bay remained the focus of a railway network extending north and south until Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway completed a transcontinental rail link to Los Angeles and San Diego in 1885. Eastbound rail shipment of citrus began in 1890. Petroleum was discovered in 1892, and the first offshore drilling occurred at Summerland Oil Field in 1896. Hollywood's film industry and shift of the United States Navy Battle Fleet home port to San Pedro in 1919 accelerated growth of southern coastal cities to 36% of the state population by 1920.
As California petroleum production peaked, the United States Highway System of 1925 included routes paralleling older transportation corridors. U.S. Route 101 followed El Camino Real and extended through the redwoods to Humboldt Bay. U.S. Route 99 extended northward from Los Angeles following railways through the Central Valley; and the Lincoln Highway and U.S. Route 66 followed the transcontinental rail routes from San Francisco Bay and Los Angeles, respectively. Popularity of automobile travel encouraged construction of California Route 1 connecting California State Beaches, U.S. Route 395 through the Sierra Nevada, and the Arroyo Seco Parkway as the first freeway. Smog was recognized as an air pollution problem in 1954 as Los Angeles Railway, Pacific Electric Railway and Key System public transport facilities were dismantled during the great American streetcar scandal. Southern California cities were home to 51% of Californians when the Interstate Highway System arrived in 1959, while 26% lived around San Francisco Bay. Lincoln Highway became Interstate 80, Route 66 became Interstate 40, and Interstate 5 extended from San Diego through Los Angeles and north up the rain shadowed western side of the Central Valley and the eastern end of San Francisco Bay.
Modern commuter rail service includes Bay Area Rapid Transit, Caltrain, Muni Metro, Metro Rail (Los Angeles County), San Diego Trolley, Sacramento Regional Transit District, Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority light rail, and Amtrak's "Pacific Surfliner" and "Capitol Corridor". In 2010, 9 million Californians (24% of the population) lived around San Francisco Bay and 21 million (57% of the population) lived in the southern coastal cities.
Water transfers.
Unsuccessful gold prospectors soon recognized California's agricultural potential and their mining equipment began adjusting timing and location of stream flows to increase food production. Mono Lake and Tulare Lake shrank as flows were diverted to irrigation. Little Lake was drained to form the town of Willits, California in 1874, and Laguna de Santa Rosa was drained to bring rail service to Sonoma County. The Klamath Project drained large shallow lakes for conversion to cropland in 1905. Water was diverted from the Eel River to the Russian River in 1906 to provide hydroelectric power to Ukiah, California; and Lake Pillsbury was formed behind Scott Dam in 1922 to increase summer flows.
California Water Wars opened with the Los Angeles Aqueduct in 1913 as the first large-scale transfer of water from northern mountains to meet population needs of southern California's coastal cities. Hetch Hetchy Aqueduct transferred water to San Francisco in 1932 after John Muir's unsuccessful efforts to preserve Yosemite National Park's Hetch Hetchy Valley. The 1922 Colorado River Compact allowed completion of the Colorado River Aqueduct to Los Angeles in 1941.
U.S. Bureau of Reclamation public works projects included Friant Dam on the San Joaquin River in 1942 and Shasta Dam on the Sacramento River in 1945. These dams reduced winter flooding and summer salinity of the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta encouraging crop production on drained wetlands. The Central Valley Project continued with Folsom Dam on the American River, Trinity Dam on the Trinity River, and Oroville Dam on the Feather River. Construction of the California Aqueduct has been completed to Southern California except for a Peripheral Canal which might restore pre-dam delta salinity concentrations.
A major fraction of water transferred to southern California is used for production of food. Irrigation return flows like the New River may contain pesticides and elevated concentrations of dissolved minerals, and may accumulate in endorheic basins like Kesterson Reservoir. The Salton Sea was enlarged by diversion of water from the Colorado River.
New environments.
Aside from simple agricultural environments, water transfer has created a unique southern California urban area. The relatively low urban population density encouraged by automobile mobility features edge effect habitats including a broad range of landscaping plants. Omnivores able to cross streets, roads, and freeways thrive in this spatially fragmented habitat with dry season water available from landscape irrigation. Columbidae, Corvidae, House sparrow, European Starling and gulls fly between isolated habitat segments, while raccoon, opossum, skunk and rats travel under bridges and through culverts and storm drains. Animals killed during unsuccessful crossing attempts are a food source for scavengers also seeking garbage or food intended for pets or wild birds and squirrels. Domestic cats and dogs kill small animals for recreation and have established feral predator populations. Coyote prey on these smaller predators.

</doc>
<doc id="18976202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976202" title="5th Open Russian Festival of Animated Film">
5th Open Russian Festival of Animated Film

The 5th Open Russian Festival of Animated Film was held in from Feb. 10-14 in 2000 at a boarding house called "Birch Grove" two kilometres from the town of Tarusa, Russia. Animated works from the past three years from the Russian Federation were accepted. Along with auteur films, commercial reels, music clips and television bumpers were in competition. There was also a two-minute pilot for "The Nutcracker and the Mouse King", a feature film finally released in 2004, and "Optimus Mundus", a feature film consisting of 50 independently-directed short films about Moscow.
The jury prizes were handed out by profession, with some prizes tailored to the films in competition. No Grand Prix was given out this year. Also, any member or guest of the festival was able to vote for their favourite film.
Rating (by audience vote).
Each member of the audience was asked to list their top 5 five films of the festival. 5 points were given for a 1st place vote and so on, down to 1 point for a 5th place vote.

</doc>
<doc id="18976209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976209" title="Wheatstone LNG">
Wheatstone LNG

Wheatstone LNG is a liquefied natural gas plant under construction in the Ashburton North Strategic Industrial Area, which is located west of Onslow, Western Australia. The project is being developed and will be operated by Chevron Australia Pty. Ltd.
History.
The final investment decision was made in September 2011, and construction began in December 2011.
Technical description.
The project is expected to cost A$29 billion (US$29.7 billion). The LNG liquefaction and export plant will have an annual capacity of 15 million tonnes of LNG. In the first stage, the plant will have a gas plant, and two LNG trains with a capacity of 4.3 million tonnes per year each. It will be supplied from the Wheatstone, Iago, Julimar and Brunello offshore gas fields.
Contractors.
Front-end engineering and design works of the project are being performed by three companies. Bechtel Oil & Gas Chemicals Inc. is undertaking the design of the onshore gas plant. Intecsea Pty. Ltd., a subsidiary of The WorleyParsons Group, is designing the subsea infrastructure and trunkline. And Technip Pty. Ltd. is designing the offshore processing platform. Geotechnical consultation for the design and construction of the LNG plant and associated infrastructure will be provided by Golder Associates. Liquefied natural gas storage and condensate tanks to be built by a joint venture between Thiess and EV LNG Australia, a subsidiary of ENTREPOSE Contracting (itself a subsidiary of VINCI) and VINCI Construction Grands Projets.
Ready-for-startup operations support services will be provided by ODL, a subsidiary of Wood Group. The operability, reliability and maintainability contract was awarded to Clough AMEC.
Developer.
Chevron Australia Pty. Ltd. owns 72 percent of the project. Royal Dutch Shell owns 6.4 percent of the project; Apache Julimar Pty Ltd, a subsidiary of Apache Corp., owns 13 percent, KUFPEC Australia (Julimar) Pty. Ltd., a subsidiary of the Kuwait Foreign Petroleum Exploration Co., owns 7 percent; and Kyushu Electric Power Co. owns 1.6 percent of the project.
Exports.
3.1 million tonnes of LNG per year will be exported to Tokyo Electric. Korea Gas Corp. (KOGAS) will buy 1.5 million tonnes per year. Tohoku Electric and Chubu Electric will each buy 1 million tons per year. 300,000 tonnes per year will be exported to Kyushu Electric.

</doc>
<doc id="18976231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976231" title="Maud Slye">
Maud Slye

Maud Slye (1869 – September 17, 1954) was an American pathologist who was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. A historian of women and science wrote that Slye "'invented' genetically uniform mice as a research tool." Her work focused on the heritability of cancer in mice. She was also an advocate for the comprehensive archiving of human medical records, believing that proper mate selection would help eradicate cancer. During her career, she received multiple awards and honors, including the gold medal of the American Medical Association in 1914 and the gold medal of the American Radiological Society in 1922.
Slye received her undergraduate training at the University of Chicago and Brown University. While at the University of Chicago, she supported herself as a secretary for University President William Rainey Harper. After a breakdown, she completed her studies at Brown in 1899. After teaching, she began her postgraduate work in 1908 at the University of Chicago, performing neurological experiments on mice. She would remain at the University of Chicago for the rest of her career. After hearing of a cluster of cattle cancers at a nearby stockyard, she changed the focus of her research to cancer. Slye raised—and kept pedigrees for—150,000 mice during her career. In 1913 she first presented a paper before the American Society for Cancer Research. In 1919 she was selected as director of the Cancer Laboratory at the University of Chicago. In 1922, she was promoted to assistant professor and became an associate professor in 1926. She retired, as a professor Emeritus of Pathology, in 1945. Her belief that cancer was a recessive trait that could be eliminated through breeding caused clashes with fellow scientists, including C. C. Little.
Slye was devoted to her work. A 1937 "Time" account of her behavior at a science convention described her as "high-spirited" and quoted her as saying: "I breed out breast cancers. I don't think we should feel so hopeless about breeding out other types. Only romance stops us. It is the duty of scientists to ascertain and present facts. If the people prefer romance to taking advantage of these facts, there is nothing we can do about it." Reluctant to leave her mice to the care of her assistants, she once went twenty-six years without a vacation. She never married and spent her retirement reviewing data from her research. She was buried in Oak Woods Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18976234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976234" title="David Neville (athlete)">
David Neville (athlete)

David Neville (born June 1, 1984) is an American sprinter who specializes in the 400 meters and two-time medalist (one gold, one bronze) in the Summer Olympics. A native of Merrillville, Indiana, Neville became the first individual track and field medalist out of Indiana University since Willie May won silver in the 110-meter hurdles in 1960.
Career.
Neville attended Merrillville High School from 1998-2002 where he ran track & field. He then moved to Indiana University where he competed from 2003 until 2006 winning several individual Big Ten conference titles and being named an All American. 
At the 2008 Summer Olympic, Neville won a bronze medal in the men's 400 m with a time of 44.80 seconds. At the finish line, he dived forward on the wet track to win the bronze by 0.04 seconds. Neville then teamed with LaShawn Merritt, Angelo Taylor, and Jeremy Wariner in the 4x400 m relay to finish first with an Olympic record time of 2:55.39. Neville clocked a split of 44.16 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="18976249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976249" title="Tömöriin Artag">
Tömöriin Artag

Tömöriin Artag (; born April 10, 1943, died 1993) was a Mongolian wrestler. At the 1968 Summer Olympics he won the bronze medal in the men's Freestyle Welterweight category.

</doc>
<doc id="18976291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976291" title="Modern Girl (Sheena Easton song)">
Modern Girl (Sheena Easton song)

"Modern Girl" is the debut single by Scottish pop singer Sheena Easton. The song was originally released in February 1980. It made a lowly #56 in the charts before being re-released to top ten success in August of the same year. It also became a top 20 hit in the US.
Background.
Exposure on the BBC television production "The Big Time" not only resulted in a record deal with EMI, but also pushed Easton's 1980 debut singles, "Modern Girl" and " 9 to 5," into the UK top ten, making her the first female artist to appear twice in the same top ten. Her debut LP followed in 1981, while "9 to 5" was reissued in America under the title "Morning Train" to avoid confusion with Dolly Parton's recent hit of the same name; regardless, the single topped the U.S. pop charts, with "Modern Girl" cracking the Top 20 a month later. 
In 1997 Easton re-recorded this song for her album "Freedom" for the Japanese market and released it as the first single.
Cover versions.
Mona Carita recorded "Modern Girl" in Finnish as "Nykyaikainen" as the title cut for her 1981 album.
"Modern Girl" was covered by Japanese pop group Sonia on their 1995 album, "Tenchi Muyo!". This version used the chorus and the first verse, but changed the second and third verses to Japanese lyrics.
"Modern Girl" was covered by the UK's Camera Obscura for the Q Magazine disc, "Q Covered the Eighties" in 2005.
Game Appearance.
"Modern Girl" is included in Dance Dance Revolution SuperNova

</doc>
<doc id="18976341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976341" title="Isakas Anolikas">
Isakas Anolikas

Isakas Anolikas (1903–1943) was a Lithuanian cyclist of Jewish origin. Anolikas was part of the Macabi sport club, established in 1920. He represented Lithuania at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris and at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam. Both times he did not finish the individual time trial over 188 km due to technical malfunctions. Anolikas was Lithuanian champion: in 1925 and 1926 he won individual 10 km race, in 1926 he won gold in team 70 km race. He perished during the Holocaust: he was shot at the Ninth Fort in Kaunas.

</doc>
<doc id="18976348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976348" title="David Kenga">
David Kenga

David Kenga (born July 8, 1982 in Kilifi) is a Kenyan footballer who currently plays for SC United Bantams in the USL Premier Development League.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Kenga moved from his native Kenya to the United States in 2003 to attend and play college soccer at Winthrop University in Rock Hill, South Carolina. In the summer of 2006, he also played for the Indiana Invaders of the fourth division Premier Development League.
Professional.
On April 10, 2008, the Charleston Battery of the USL First Division signed Kenga. He made his professional debut on April 12, 2008 as a substitute in Charleston's opening day fixture against Miami FC, and went on to make 17 appearances and score one goal before being released at the end of the year.
Having been unable to sign on with a professional club elsewhere, he returned to the amateur Indiana Invaders in 2009, playing 6 games for the South Bend side in the USL Premier Development League.
Coaching.
In addition to his playing career, Kenga worked as an assistant coach at UMass Lowell between 2003 and 2005. He founded with his cousin Robert Mambo the Fuhaha Academy, an Youth Soccer Academy for Boys and Girls.
Personal life.
He is one of the founders of Furaha Youth Soccer Academy based in Kenyan coastal town of Kilifi. Kenga is a cousin of the famous Kenian midfielder Robert Mambo Mumba.

</doc>
<doc id="18976356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976356" title="Holly Cruikshank">
Holly Cruikshank

Holly Cruikshank (born June 18, 1973 in Fountain Hills, Arizona), is an American dancer. She is known for her role as Brenda in the Billy Joel/Twyla Tharp musical "Movin' Out", and has also danced lead roles in two other Tony-award winning Broadway musicals: "Fosse" and "Contact". She has appeared as one of the house dancers on the NBC variety-competition show, "The Singing Bee".
Early life.
Cruikshank envisioned a career as a dancer from an early age, when she idolized the dancing of screen legend Cyd Charisse. She started ballet at the age of 3. By her teen years, she was rehearsing four hours a day and dancing with Phoenix-based "Ballet Arizona". Finally, after a year at the North Carolina School for the Performing Arts in Winston-Salem, she began professional auditions in earnest. Her attempts at a professional ballet career were unsuccessful, culminating in an audition for her "dream company", the Hubbard Street Dance Troupe in Chicago, where founder Lou Conte told her she was too tall to succeed as a professional ballerina (she is over 6 feet).
A dance teacher suggested she consider a career on Broadway instead. Pursuing the suggestion, she obtained her first role, a showgirl in Tommy Tune's "The Will Rogers Follies" at the age of 18. She was continuously employed as a Broadway dancer for the next 15 years until leaving to pursue a television career.
Broadway career.
Following her role in "The Will Rogers Follies", Cruikshank had a series of increasingly visible successes, landing roles in "Hello, Dolly", "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum", and finally a small featured roll in "Fosse".
That led to a role in the Broadway run of "Contact", understudying for Deborah Yates in the Tony-award winning role of "The Girl in the Yellow Dress". When the "Contact" touring company formed in 2001, Cruikshank obtained the role and toured for a year, though frustrated in the early going as some show posters went out bearing Yates' image instead of Cruikshank's. Ultimately, Cruikshank earned rave reviews in the role; "Playbill", for example, called her "a stunning dancing dynamo."
In 2002, while touring with "Contact", Cruikshank and partner David Gomez auditioned together on a whim for the upcoming "Movin' Out", and were selected for the original Broadway cast. Initially dancing the lead role of Brenda in matinee performances, Cruikshank took over lead billing for the role on Broadway in 2003 after Elizabeth Parkinson left the show, then continued it with the touring company from 2004–2007, again to rave reviews. The "London Daily Telegraph", for example, wrote: "Holly Cruikshank as Brenda has the most impossibly long legs you are ever likely to see and does things with them that seem to defy the basic laws of human anatomy."
Screen career.
Cruikshank has played small parts in several movies, and was one of the house dancers (known as the "honey bees") on CMT's "The Singing Bee".

</doc>
<doc id="18976377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976377" title="Make It Mean Something">
Make It Mean Something

Make It Mean Something is an EP released by post-hardcore band On the Last Day. It is the band's first release after a mutual and friendly split from Victory Records in February 2008. The album was originally going to be independently recorded and released September 9, 2008 through various indie record stores. However, On the Last Day later signed to Torque Records and the album is now due out on October 28, 2008. The album was also pressed on 12" white vinyl.

</doc>
<doc id="18976382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976382" title="Fetaix">
Fetaix

Fetaix is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Morocco. It is very similar to Alquerque. The only difference is that pieces cannot move backwards until they are promoted to Mullah which is the equivalent of King in draughts. Furthermore, Mullahs can move any number of vacant points on the board, and capture enemy pieces from any distance similar to the Kings in International draughts. Another name for the game is qireq.
Goal.
The player who captures all of their opponent's pieces is the winner.
Equipment.
The board used is an Alquerque board. Each player has 12 pieces as in Alquerque. One player plays the black pieces, and the other player plays the white pieces.
Game Play and Rules.
1. Players decide what color pieces to play. 
2. The board is initially setup exactly as in Alquerque. Each player's pieces are set up in the first two ranks (two rows) of their side, and also on the two right-most points of the third rank (center row of the board). The only point vacant on the board is the middle point.
3. Players alternate their turns. A player on their turn may either move one of their pieces, or use one of their pieces to capture the other player's piece(s).
4. A piece can only move one space onto a vacant point forward (straight forward, diagonally forward) or sideways (left and right) following the pattern on the board until promoted to Mullah. 
Mullahs can move in any direction following the pattern on the board. Mullahs can also move any number of vacant points in a straight line.
5. A non-Mullah piece may capture an enemy piece by the short leap method. The non-Mullah piece leaps over the adjacent enemy piece in a straight line following the pattern on the board, and landing on a vacant point on the other side. Captures are compulsory. Captured pieces are removed from the board. Multiple captures are allowed and must be taken if possible, and provided there exist exactly one vacant point in between the enemy pieces, and a vacant point beyond. "It is unknown, however, if non-Mullah pieces can capture in the backward direction (straight back or diagonally back)". 
Mullahs can capture in any direction. They can also capture enemy pieces from any distance, and land any distance beyond provided there is no other pieces (friendly or not) within the path of the (straight) leap. Mullahs are also capable of multiple captures. Captures are compulsory for Mullahs. 
6. A non-Mullah piece is promoted to Mullah when it reaches the last rank (the other player's first rank or row). "It is uncertain whether a piece can be promoted to Mullah when it reaches the last rank as one of its intermediary steps of a capturing sequence". 

</doc>
<doc id="18976403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976403" title="Yung-Feng High School">
Yung-Feng High School

Yung-Feng High School is a high school in Taoyuan County, Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18976437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976437" title="High Frontier">
High Frontier

High Frontier may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18976447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976447" title="Wimmera Football League">
Wimmera Football League

The Wimmera Football League is based in Western Victoria, with clubs located in towns in the Wimmera region. The regional centres along the Western Highway from Ararat to Nhill as well as Minyip-Murtoa and Warracknabeal.
The league is a major country league. 
History.
A Wimmera Football Association was first formed in 1902. Teams from Ararat, Horsham and Stawell were the founding clubs. In 1921 the Wimmera District Football League was formed. The seven clubs were Ararat, Horsham, Minyip, Murtoa, Rupanyup, Stawell and Warracknabael. Dimboola joined in 1923 and Nhill in 1925. Ararat spent six years in the Ballarat Football League from 1924 to 1929.
In 1932 during the height of the Great depression the small town clubs suffering from financial pressures tried to get the league to change the way the gate taking were distributed to the clubs. The larger town clubs, knowing that they would be disadvantaged, blocked the motion. Nhill and Dimboola both went into recess while Minyip and Murtoa replaced their junior sides in the Dunmunkle FL.
The WDFL approached the Ballarat Football League to merge hoping that greater interest and better football would cause larger gate takings, so in 1934 the Wimmera FL and the Ballarat FL merged to form the Ballarat Wimmera FL. After three years in which the Wimmera clubs faced with greater costs and constantly losing on the footy field, feelers were put out to the smaller clubs, now playing in the Mid Wimmera FL. A peace deal was settled in September 1936 and the Wimmera Football League was reformed in 1937 making it a nine team competition.
Horsham Diggers folded at the start of 2014 after four consecutive seasons of floggings. Merging with Natimuk FNC under the Banner Natimuk United FNC home games @ Natimuk and City Oval
2008 Ladder.
FINALS 
2009 Ladder.
FINALS 
2010 Ladder.
 
FINALS 
2011 Ladder.
 
FINALS 
2012 Ladder.
FINALS 
 
Publication.
Wheatbelt Warriors. A Tribute To Wimmera Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="18976459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976459" title="École des Beaux-Arts">
École des Beaux-Arts

An École des Beaux-Arts (, "School of Fine Arts") is one of a number of influential art schools in France. The most famous is the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts, now located on the left bank in Paris, across the Seine from the Louvre, at 14 rue Bonaparte (in the 6th arrondissement). The school has a history spanning more than 350 years, training many of the great artists in Europe. Beaux Arts style was modeled on classical "antiquities", preserving these idealized forms and passing the style on to future generations.
History.
The origins of the school go back to 1648 when the Académie des Beaux-Arts was founded by Cardinal Mazarin to educate the most talented students in drawing, painting, sculpture, engraving, architecture and other media. Louis XIV was known to select graduates from the school to decorate the royal apartments at Versailles, and in 1863 Napoleon III granted the school independence from the government, changing the name to "L'Ecole des Beaux-Arts". Women were admitted beginning in 1897. In October 1898 after her third try, Julia Morgan of San Francisco, California, was accepted as the first woman to be enrolled in the Architecture Department.
The curriculum was divided into the "Academy of Painting and Sculpture" and the "Academy of Architecture". Both programs focused on classical arts and architecture from Ancient Greek and Roman culture. All students were required to prove their skills with basic drawing tasks before advancing to figure drawing and painting. This culminated in a competition for the "Grand Prix de Rome", awarding a full scholarship to study in Rome. The three trials to obtain the prize lasted for nearly three months. [http://www.culture.gouv.fr/ENSBA/trials.html] Many of the most famous artists in Europe were trained here, to name but a few, they include Géricault, Degas, Delacroix, Fragonard, Ingres, Monet, Moreau, Renoir, Seurat, Cassandre, and Sisley. Rodin however, applied on three occasions but was refused entry.
The buildings of the school are largely the creation of French architect Félix Duban, who was commissioned for the main building in 1830. His work realigned the campus, and continued through 1861, completing an architectural program out towards the Quai Malaquias. 
The Paris school is the namesake and founding location of the Beaux Arts architectural movement in the early twentieth century. Known for demanding classwork and setting the highest standards for education, the École attracted students from around the world—including the United States, where students returned to design buildings that would influence the history of architecture in America, including the Boston Public Library, 1888–1895 (McKim, Mead & White) and the New York Public Library, 1897–1911 (Carrère and Hastings). Architectural graduates, especially in France, are granted the title "élève". 
The architecture department was separated from the École after the May 1968 student strikes at the Sorbonne. The name was changed to "École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts", and now over 500 students make use of an extensive collection of classical art, with modern additions to the curriculum including photography and hypermedia.

</doc>
<doc id="18976490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976490" title="Agro">
Agro

Agro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18976493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976493" title="Timeline for aircraft carrier service">
Timeline for aircraft carrier service

Aircraft carriers have their origins during the days of World War I. The earliest experiments constisted of fitting temporary "flying off" platforms to the gun turrets of the warships of several nations, notably the United States and the United Kingdom. The first ship to be modified with a permanent flight deck was the light cruiser which initially had a single flying off deck forward of the original superstructure. Subsequently she was modified with a separate "landing on" deck aft and later with a full flush deck. Other ships, often liners, were modified to have full flush flight decks, being the first to have such modification begun. Those first faltering steps gave little indication of just how important the aircraft carrier was to prove to be. During the inter-war years (between the World Wars), Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States built up significant carrier fleets so that by the beginning of World War II, they had 18 carriers between them. The 1940 Battle of Taranto and the 1941 Attack on Pearl Harbor in retrospect showed the world that the aircraft carrier was to be the most important ship in the modern fleet. Today, aircraft carriers are the capital ships of the navies they serve in, and in the case of modern US "supercarriers", they embark an airgroup that is effectively a small air force.
This timeline is an attempt to provide a unified chronology of key dates in carrier service. Aircraft carriers often serve their navies for many decades and this chronology enables the reader to track the progress of the carrier as it has developed alongside the evolution of aircraft for nearly a hundred years.
Pre-carrier history.
1907
1910
1911
1912
World War I.
1914
1915
1916
1917
1918
Between the wars.
1919
1920
1921
1922
1923
1924
1925
1926
1927
1928
1929
1930
1931
1933
1934
1935
1936
1937
1938
1939
World War II.
1939
1940
1941
1942
1943
1944
1945
Post-war 1945–1949.
1945
1946
1947
1948
1949
1950–1959.
1950
1951
1952
1953
1954
1955
1956
1957
1958
1959
1960–1969.
1960
1961
1962
1963
1964
1965
1966
1967
1968
1969
1970–1979.
1970
1971
1972
1973
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979
1980–1989.
1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989
1990–1999.
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000–2009.
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010–present.
2010
2011
2012
2013
Footnotes.
For most carriers, the dates listed here are those when the carrier was laid down, launched, commissioned, decommissioned and disposed of. If the carrier was a conversion from another ship, then the first date listed is when she was taken in hand to be converted; however, if a carrier was subsequently redesignated, its history is followed until disposal. The first time a ship is named in the list, it is linked to the relevant page within Wikipedia; if the ship was renamed, the first instance of the new name is also linked. Additionally, key relevant historical dates are interspersed with the ship-related dates to provide context.
For the purposes of this timeline, an aircraft carrier is a commissioned naval ship with at least one permanent flush deck designed for the launch and recovery of fixed-wing aircraft. This timeline does not include ships with temporary landing or take-off platforms, vessels designed for helicopter operations, marine assault ships of various designs, catapult ships, WWII escort carriers, merchant aircraft carriers, CAM ships, nor seaplane carriers and tenders.
The timeline is mainly divided into decades, the exceptions being the two World Wars and the interwar period, which are each treated as separate blocks. For the purposes of this list, the First World War is considered to have started on 28 June 1914 and ended 11 November 1918, while the Second World War is considered to have started on 1 September 1939 and ended 14 August 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="18976527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976527" title="Dominic Cianciarulo">
Dominic Cianciarulo

Dominic Cianciarulo (born March 3, 1986 in Deland, Florida) is a retired American soccer midfielder.
Cianciarulo attended Deland High School where he was an All State soccer player. He then attended Furman University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 2004 to 2007. In 2005, he played the collegiate off season with the Central Florida Kraze in the fourth division Premier Development League and in 2007 with the Carolina Dynamo. On April 10, 2008, he signed with the Charleston Battery of the USL First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18976534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976534" title="Russ Laribee">
Russ Laribee

Russ Laribee (born July 30, 1956 in Southington, Connecticut) is a former professional baseball player. 
Drafted in the 21st round of the 1977 Draft, Laribee was a minor league outfielder. He played from 1977 through 1981 in the Boston Red Sox system, ascending as high as the team's Triple-A affiliate, the Pawtucket Red Sox. His most productive season came in with Double-A Bristol Red Sox, when he hit .302 with a .390 on-base percentage and a .508 slugging in 109 games. 
Laribee is better known as having the professional single-game strikeout record by fanning seven times in Pawtucket's 33-inning game against the Rochester Red Wings in . Though Laribee is most known for that ignominious distinction, it is rarely remembered that, in the same game, it was his sacrifice fly in the bottom of the 9th inning that tied the game at 1–1, ultimately sending the game into extra innings. Pawtucket won, 3–2, while Laribee went 0-for-11.
In a five-season career, Laribee posted a combined .264 batting average with 57 home runs in 458 games.

</doc>
<doc id="18976576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976576" title="Magician's Hat">
Magician's Hat

"Magician's Hat" is an instrumental progressive rock album by Swedish musician Bo Hansson. It is his second solo album, following the successful "Music Inspired by Lord of the Rings", and was originally released in Sweden by Silence Records in 1972, with the title "Ur trollkarlens hatt". It was subsequently licensed to Charisma Records and issued internationally as "Magician's Hat" in September 1973. 
The genesis of the album can be traced back to the early 1970 recording sessions for Hansson's first solo album, "Music Inspired by Lord of the Rings". As work on that album neared completion, the prolific Hansson also began working on additional material that was not intended for the album. After his debut album had been released in December 1970, Hansson continued to work on these left-over fragments and also composed additional material at his summer house in the Stockholm archipelago. Recording sessions for "Magician's Hat" took place at Studio Decibel in Stockholm, with contributions from a number of session musicians, including Rune Carlsson, Gunnar Bergsten, and Sten Bergman, all of whom were veterans of Hansson's first solo album. The album was released in Sweden in late 1972, at the same time that its predecessor, "Music Inspired by Lord of the Rings", was being released to worldwide critical acclaim. 
Like its predecessor, the album was, at least partly, influenced by fairy tale and fantasy themes, with the song "Elidor" having been directly inspired by Alan Garner's 1965 fantasy novel "Elidor". Although the album had a similar progressive rock sound to Hansson's first solo album, albeit with a more jazz-tinged flavor, it was not as commercially successful and failed to reach the charts in the UK and the U.S. In his review of the album for the Allmusic website, Bruce Eder has noted "there is a compelling power to some of this music, as organ, guitar, and synthesizer alternately move out in front". However, Eder also criticized the album for being "diffuse and lacking some of the energy of "Lord of the Rings"." On the Dutch Progressive Rock website, Nigel Camilleri has noted that the album saw Hansson "exploring a broader musical territory than he did on "Lord Of The Rings"" but he also criticized many of the tracks for being "snippets of musical ideas which had not been expanded on".
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Bo Hansson except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="18976577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976577" title="Eddie Murray (rugby league)">
Eddie Murray (rugby league)

Eddie Murray (1960? – 12 June 1981) was an Australian rugby league footballer who was controversially found dead in his police cell in the New South Wales town of Wee Waa within an hour of having been detained for being drunk and disorderly under the 1979 Intoxicated Persons Act (a law repealed in 2005).
Police claimed that they found Murray hanging in his cell at the Wee Waa Police Station around 3:30pm, and argued that he committed suicide, although this occurred prior to the majority of Aboriginal deaths in custody which were later examined in the 1987 Royal Commission. He was 21 years old at the time. Eddie Murray's parents, Leila and Arthur Murray remained unconvinced that their son's death was a suicide, and fought for a more extensive investigation into Murray's death. Murray's death has helped to draw attention to the issue of Aboriginal deaths in custody.
Murray's case has drawn the attention of several investigations, including the Muirhead Royal Commission, the NSW Anti-Discrimination Board Report on Street offences, and his case was one of the first to be investigated by the Royal Commission into Aboriginal Deaths in Custody in 1988.
In 1997, Murray's body was exhumed and re-autopsied, revealing a previously undetected smashed sternum, and a forensic pathologist determined that the injury had most likely occurred immediately prior to his death. Despite this, the details of his death remain a mystery, and still no one has been officially implicated in his death. This has been to the dissatisfaction of Murray's family, who have called for a more extensive inquiry.

</doc>
<doc id="18976580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976580" title="Neka–Jask pipeline">
Neka–Jask pipeline

The Neka–Jask pipeline is a proposed oil pipeline in Iran. If constructed, it will transport crude oil from Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan and Russia through the port of Neka on the Caspian Sea to Jask, Iran on the Gulf of Oman. The planned capacity of the pipeline is of crude oil. It is expected to cost US$2 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="18976614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976614" title="The Lover in Me (song)">
The Lover in Me (song)

"The Lover in Me" is a 1988 single by pop singer Sheena Easton. It was one of her biggest hits in the US and became her first top 20 hit in the UK after an seven-year hiatus.
Background.
The song was the first single off the album "The Lover in Me". It reached US#2 on the Billboard Hot 100, and #15 in the UK (in 1989), and became her biggest American hit and stayed on the pop chart for 12 weeks since "Morning Train". It also went to number two on the American dance charts.
The music video was directed by Dominic Sena and featured Easton singing and dancing in a fitness club scene.
"The Lover in Me" was produced by L.A. Reid and Babyface, who were at the peak of their success at the time as a songwriting and production team.
Charts.
Weekly-charts.
Eurochart Hot 100 Singles #29

</doc>
<doc id="18976616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976616" title="Simoa">
Simoa

Simoa is the name of a river which flows through the municipalities of Sigdal and Modum in Buskerud County, Norway.
Location.
The Simoa river runs from Lake Soneren through the municipality of Sigdal in a south-easterly course until it flows into Drammenselva at Åmot in Modum. The river begins a few miles north of Lake Haglebuvatna where it is initially known as the Haglebu, later becoming the Eggedøla as it flows through the valley of Eggedal. Lake Soneren lies at a height of 103 m. The drainage basin of the Simoa covers 889 km2. 
Haugfoss waterfall at Blaafarveværket in Modum, has been used as a motif for many artists throughout history. Notable examples include "Winter at Simoa River" which was painted during 1883 by Norwegian artist Frits Thaulow.
It was developed for hydroelectric power by Midt Nett Buskerud AS, the utility company owned by Modum and Sigdal municipalities. Haugfoss kraftverk was constructed in 1937 and has a capacity of 3.6 MW. Horga, the tributary river which runs into Soneren has Horga kraftverk, a second power station which was built 1988-1990 and has a capacity of 7.2 MW.
Among the floods in the Simoa which have caused damage, are those in 1752, 1858, 1934, 1938, 1987, 1995, 2007, and 2008. Attempts are made to regulate the reservoirs to reduce the risk of flooding. Parts of Simoa was protected in the Conservation Plan for the river (1973). The river is protected upstream from Lake Soneren.
The former name for the river was Sigm(á), "sigm" meaning "glide" and "å" meaning "river".

</doc>
<doc id="18976645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976645" title="2007 Australian Film Institute Awards">
2007 Australian Film Institute Awards

The 49th Australian Film Institute Awards ceremony, honoring the best in film for 2007, was broadcast from the Melbourne Convention and Exhibition Centre in Melbourne, Australia on the Nine Network. Geoffrey Rush hosted the show, for the second time. He previously presided over the 48th Australian Film Institute Awards.
The nominees were announced on 24 October 2007. Deborra-Lee Furness, Sibylla Budd, Marny Kennedy, and James Hewison made the announcements. Romulus, My Father got the highest nominations with a total of 16 with The Home Song Stories with the second highest amount of 14. Clubland came third with a high amount of nomination tallying up to 11.
The award winners were announced at two ceremonies; one on the 5 December ("industry" categories) and the other on 6 December (top categories), 2007. "The Home Song Stories" performed exceptionally well, taking out a total 7 of its 14 nominations. The wins included, Best Direction (Tony Ayres), Best Actress in a Lead Role (Joan Chen), Best Screenplay ("Tony Ayres"), Achievement in Cinematogoraphy ("Nigel Bluck"), Achievement in Editing ("Denise Haratzis"), Best Original Score ("Antony Partos"), Best Achievement in Production Design ("Melinda Doring") and the award for Achievement in Costume Design for "Cappi Ireland".
Winners of major awards.
"This is a breakdown of winners of major awards categories only. For a complete list of nominees and winners, see 49th Australian Film Institute Award nominees and winners."
Multiple nominations.
Multiple film nominations.
The following films received multiple nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="18976659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976659" title="April Steiner Bennett">
April Steiner Bennett

April Steiner Bennett (born April 22, 1980 in Mesa, Arizona, United States) is an American pole vaulter. Her personal best is , achieved in April 2008 in Norman, Oklahoma.
Personal life.
Bennett is a Latter-day Saint. She graduated from the University of Arkansas where she serves as a volunteer assistant coach. She was also a gym teacher at Hellstern Middle School in Springdale, Arkansas.
As of 2011 Bennett was living in Texas with her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="18976663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976663" title="Mount Nyū">
Mount Nyū

Climbing route.
There are several routes to reach to the top of Mount Nyū. One is from Shirokoma Pond, it takes one and half hours. Another major route is from Mount Naka.

</doc>
<doc id="18976686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976686" title="Julius Goldman">
Julius Goldman

Julius "Goldie" Goldman (born September 22, 1910, in Mayesville, South Carolina, and died February 19, 2001, in Detroit, Michigan) was a Canadian basketball player.
A father of modern basketball, Canada's representative on the 1936 Olympic Basketball Rules Committee, Julius Goldman suggested the elimination of the basketball rule that called for a "jump ball" after every field goal. The 1936 games marked basketball's first appearance in the Olympics. The Rules Committee agreed with Goldman (the lone objecting vote was that of basketball's creator Dr. James Naismith), and the game was forever changed. This rule change has been credited with modernizing basketball; speeding up the pace of the game, increasing scoring and making teams with shorter centers more competitive. In 1958, NCAA rules committee chairman Ed Steitz credited Goldman's rule change as the most radical change in the entire evolution of basketball.
Goldman was born in 1910 in Mayesville, South Carolina to Lithuanian immigrants Isaac and Rebecca Goldman. The family moved to Canada when Julius was two. Goldman captained and was the leading scorer for the Windsor Ford V-8's team that won Canada's 1935–36 national championship, qualifying them to represent Canada in the 1936 Berlin Olympics. However, Goldman's U.S. citizenship made him ineligible to play for another country, so he was made an assistant coach and appointed Canada's representative to the Olympic Basketball Rules Committee. The Canadian Basketball team won a silver medal.
Playing career.
Goldman was a four sport star (basketball, track, baseball and hockey) at W. D. Lowe High School (at that time Windsor-Walkerville Tech). After high school, he crossed the border to attend Detroit Institute of Technology (Detroit Tech) from 1928-32. He was the national collegiate basketball scoring leader in 1932. He was named the top student athlete and a legendary college player. In total, Goldman's teams amassed 36 championships.
Coaching/Officiating career.
From 1937 to 1950, Goldman was a math teacher, athletic director and basketball coach at his "alma mater" Detroit Tech. He led the basketball team to a 143-75 record. For 43 years, he officiated basketball and football for the Detroit Catholic Schools Association.
Professional career.
Goldman worked for Smith, Hinchman & Grylls in Detroit as a principal designer of ammunition. An electrical engineer with a Master's degree in business engineering, Goldman designed and developed the 155 mm howitzer anti-tank shell during World War II that allowed the Allied Forces to turn the 1944 tide against Germany's "invincible" Tiger tanks. He later worked as an executive with both Federal Engineering and Fisher Body in Detroit, retiring in 1965. He then resumed his teaching career at Oakland Community College in 1970, teaching math until he finally retired for good in 1995 at the age of 85.
Personal life.
Goldman was married to Ann Goldman (née Warsh) (1913–1990). They had two children; a son Alan (1940–2011) and daughter Nancy Kushkin (1944- ), and seven grandchildren.
Awards.
1950 - Mensa membership (98% or above on standardized IQ test)
1969 - Named "Official of the Year" (DCSA)
1973 - Named top student-athlete of the century (1872–1972) at W.D. Lowe Secondary School
1977 - Inducted to International Jewish Sports Hall of Fame
1978 - Inducted to Detroit Catholic High School League Hall of Fame
1981 - Inducted to Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame
1981 - Inducted to Canadian Basketball Hall of Fame
1990 - Inducted to the Windsor-Essex County Sports Hall of Fame
1991 - Inducted to Michigan Jewish Sports Hall of Fame
See also.
Basketball at the 1936 Summer Olympics

</doc>
<doc id="18976701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976701" title="Joe Baum">
Joe Baum

Joseph Harold Baum (August 17, 1920 – October 5, 1998) was an American restaurateur and innovator responsible for creating the country's first themed restaurants, including masterpieces such as The Four Seasons Restaurant, Windows on the World, and the restored Rainbow Room. He was the first restaurateur to bring the finest contemporary architects, artists and designers into his restaurant designs.
Early life and career.
Joseph Harold Baum was born to Leo and Anna Baum in Saratoga Springs, New York, where his parents ran the Gross & Baum hotel. He graduated from high school in Lakewood Township, New Jersey in 1938 and went on to earn a degree from Cornell University in hotel management in 1943. After college, he served in the United States Navy aboard a destroyer-minelayer in the South Pacific.
In 1946, he went to work for Harris, Kerr, Foster & Company in Manhattan and took over the management of one of its hotels, the Monte Carlo, in 1947. In 1949, he was hired by the Schine hotel chain in Florida. Several years later, he was hired by Rikers Restaurant Associates (later shortened to Restaurant Associates) to open and manage a restaurant at Newark Airport called the Newarker, which became famous for its elegant dining, grandiose portions, and over-the-top flambée.
Restaurant Associates.
After Baum's success at the Newarker, he took over the specialty restaurant division of Restaurant Associates in 1955, attracting talented individuals such as Stuart Levin, George Lang, Alan Lewis, Tom Margittai, and Paul Kovi to run the company's themed restaurants. Baum spared no expense, hiring top architects, designers, and consultants such as James Beard and Julia Child. He went on to become president of the company. The portfolio of restaurants grew to over 130 by 1965 and included La Fonda Del Sol, Zum-Zum, the Hawaiian Room, Quo Vadis, the Trattoria, the Brasserie, the Forum of the Twelve Caesars, Tavern on the Green, and The Four Seasons Restaurant.
Independent work and the Rainbow Room.
Baum left Restaurant Associates to consult on his own, often working with Arthur Emil. His projects included developing the 22 restaurants in the World Trade Center, including Windows on the World at the top of the North Tower. His other projects included development of restaurants in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, DC, the Hallmark Cards Crown Center in Kansas City, and Place Bonaventure in Montréal. In 1986, he opened his own restaurant in New York City called Aurora. It remained open for five years.
In 1987, after a two year $25 million renovation backed by David Rockefeller, Baum reopened the Rainbow Room in New York's Rockefeller Center. Baum also redesigned Windows on the World in 1996, a destination restaurant on the 107th Floor of the World Trade Center. During Baum's tenure, Windows on the World became the highest grossing restaurant in the world until its destruction on September 11, 2001.
Baum died on October 5, 1998, at the age of 78 due to prostate cancer.
Honors.
Baum was inducted into the Culinary Institute of America Hall of Fame in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18976766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976766" title="The Statler Brothers discography">
The Statler Brothers discography

The discography of The Statler Brothers, an American country music group, consists of 38 albums and 69 singles. The group debuted in 1965 with "Flowers on the Wall", a number 2 country and number 4 pop hit. Although they never made top 40 on the pop charts again, The Statler Brothers continued to chart on Hot Country Songs until 1990, reaching number one with "Do You Know You Are My Sunshine" in 1978, "Elizabeth" in 1983, "My Only Love" in 1984 and "Too Much on My Heart" in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18976781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976781" title="Do Hwa-Sung">
Do Hwa-Sung

Do Hwa-Sung (born 27 June 1980) is a South Korean football player.
He record the most longest distance goal in K-league (65 meter)

</doc>
<doc id="18976795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976795" title="Bangor University Boat Club">
Bangor University Boat Club

Bangor University Boat Club(BUBC) is the rowing club of Bangor University run for and by the university's students. The club's home water is Llyn Padarn in the nearby village of Llanberis, approximately 20 minutes outside Bangor. 
The club has a membership base of experienced and novice rowers. BUBC competes in BUCS events throughout the year and they attend local head races and regattas. 
History.
Rowing in Bangor dates back to 1901 when the club was first started. BUBC used to be situated at a boathouse on the Menai Straights taking advantage of a stretch of open water between the Menai Suspension Bridge and Garth Pier. Since then this location has been deemed a health and safety risk and the club was relocated to Llyn Padarn, Llanberis. 
Boat fleet.
The club currently comprises the following boats:

</doc>
<doc id="18976809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976809" title="Keith Wiggans">
Keith Wiggans

Keith Wiggans (born September 6, 1981 in Athens, Georgia) is a former American soccer player.
Career.
College.
Wiggans attended Athens Academy in Athens, Georgia, where he was part of the team which went to the 1999 Georgia state soccer championship final. He then played college soccer at the College of Charleston from 2000 to 2003.
Professional.
Wiggans signed with the Charleston Battery of the USL First Division on May 28, 2005. He has served as a backup to Dusty Hudock for the majority of his professional career.
Coaching.
Wiggans has been an assistant coach with the College of Charleston men’s team since 2004. In 2006, he was also an assistant on the women’s soccer team, before returning to the men’s team in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18976810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976810" title="The Boys from Baghdad High">
The Boys from Baghdad High

The Boys from Baghdad High, also known as Baghdad High, is a British-American-French television documentary film. It was first shown in the United Kingdom at the 2007 Sheffield Doc/Fest, before airing on BBC Two on 8 January 2008. It also aired in many other countries including France, Australia, the United States, Canada, Germany and the Netherlands. It documents the lives of four Iraqi schoolboys of different religious or ethnic backgrounds over the course of one year in the form of a video diary. The documentary was filmed by the boys themselves, who were given video cameras for the project.
Directed and produced by Ivan O'Mahoney and Laura Winter of Renegade Pictures and StoryLabTV, for the United Kingdom's BBC, HBO in the United States, and the Franco-German network Arte, "The Boys from Baghdad High" was produced by Alan Hayling and Karen O'Connor for the BBC, Hans Robert Eisenhauer for Arte, and Sheila Nevins for HBO.
"The Boys from Baghdad High" received high viewership when it initially aired in the UK, and was reviewed favourably in the media. It was named the Best News and Current Affairs Film at the European Independent Film Festival, won the Premier Prize at the Sandford St. Martin Trust Awards, and was nominated for awards at two film festivals. The documentary also received the "Radio Times" Readers Award, and a nomination for the Amnesty International 2008 Television Documentary and Docudrama UK Media Award.
Synopsis.
The film brings together the video diaries recorded by four friends and students at the Tariq bin Ziad High School for Boys in Zayouna, a mixed-race, middle-class area in the Karrada suburb of Baghdad, Iraq. Entering their final year in 2006, each has high expectations for the year ahead and hope to graduate so they can have a chance to attend university. At the same time, the boys must also deal with the increasing sectarian violence that is starting to extend into Karrada. They face the threats of roadside bombings, the hassles of security checkpoints on their way to school, frequent curfews, the constant presence of American Apache helicopters overhead, and the deterioration of their neighbourhood which becomes rife with assassinations, muggings and kidnappings. Many of their fellow students, unmotivated and academically underperforming, are absent from school.
Ali Shadman is one of the few Kurdish people remaining in Baghdad. His family are struggling financially and resort to siphoning petrol from their car to run their back-up generator when the power grid fails. When the generator breaks down one night, Ali begins to wonder why he is fixing it against a backdrop of gunfire, instead of studying in peace. Another night, he reports the neighbourhood's news but explains there is nothing to speak of other than the usual explosions, violence, and death. Anmar Refat, a Syriac Christian, tries to remain philosophical and hopes that armed gangs will not attack the school. His family, however, are more nervous about any nearby gunfire, as their Christian beliefs increase the threat to their lives if anyone were to find out about them. Anmar has a girlfriend, whom he can contact only via his mobile phone, but he has not heard from her in several days, leaving him worried about whether she has found another boyfriend, or has been hurt in the violence. Hayder Khalid, a Shia Muslim, hopes to become a famous singer-songwriter. He frequently downloads music videos of English-language pop music so he can learn popular English songs and dance moves. Mohammad Raed, a Sunni Muslim, is the class clown at school, who prefers playing sports and fooling around with his friends to studying. Unaware of his behaviour at school, his mother believes he is hard-working, self-sufficient and mature, and believes he will graduate and go to university.
Halfway through the school year, Ali's family moves to the more peaceful Kurdish region in Northern Iraq but after living there for several months, Ali says that he is homesick and misses the action and noise of Baghdad. Mohammad, feeling lonely, "adopts" a bird with a broken wing and a mouse he finds in the house. This brings him some comfort, but his mother later demands that he get rid of the mouse as she does not want "vermin" in the house. Mohammad's family rejoice when Saddam Hussein is sentenced, and feel that his later execution was justified, as to do otherwise would have made the Iraqi people look weak. Conversely, Anmar's family is upset at his execution, as they feel that the people who came into power were no better than Hussein was. Hyder's mother says that many Iraqi people were hopeful about the arrival of American forces, and that it is wrong to blame America for all of the problems in Iraq. She notes that the bloodshed has yet to stop as the Sunni continues to kill the Shiite, and vice versa. As the film continues, Hyder's family loses its income and they start to sell their furniture to earn extra money.
At the end of the year, the boys must pass seven final exams to graduate. Anmar, Hyder and Ali each fail two subjects, and are given the option to retake the exams. Anmar passes the retakes and aspires to study English literature in college, and his family decide to move to the safer region of Arbul now that he has graduated. Hyder also retakes his exams and passes, but his family can no longer afford to pay for the university fees. Ali chooses not to retake the exams, and his family leave Iraq. Mohammad fails four subjects and must repeat his senior year. He chooses to do so at a different school while working at his uncle's scooter repair shop. As the documentary closes, it notes that during the year of filming, two of the boys' classmates were killed, six were kidnapped, and seventy-five left Iraq.
Production.
Concept.
"The Boys from Baghdad High" was co-produced and co-directed by Ivan O'Mahoney and Laura Winter. Before working on the film, O'Mahoney had been a United Nations peacekeeper in Bosnia and an attorney in the Netherlands, and had directed the 2006 documentary "How to Plan a Revolution", which profiled two young activists who attempted to remove the Azerbaijani government from power by staging an "Orange" revolution. He had also worked for the BBC, Channel 4, CNN, and PBS in Ethiopia, Iraq, Sudan and Colombia. Winter had previously worked for CNN, "60 Minutes", "CBS Evening News", CBS Radio, "The Christian Science Monitor" and the New York "Daily News" in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Jordan and Iraq. "The Boys from Baghdad High" was the first time she was credited as a director.
O'Mahoney and Winter began working on the film in 2006. Winter had watched a film called "The Women's Story", about two Iraqi women who had journeyed around the country and filmed what they saw. They wanted to make a documentary about "the people never seen on the evening news, of presidents, prime ministers, generals and militants ... claiming to know something of Iraq's future". Winter explained that "all these documentaries coming out of Iraq were done for or by adults. Iraqi children had not been more than a UN statistic about the dead, kidnapped or injured", so they decided to concentrate on what they viewed as the "real source of Iraq's future" – teenagers. "I wanted to tell the story of Iraq in a different way. As journalists, we do stories about kids and teenagers, but we don't hear from them. If you go to the UN reports, they are just a number and that's it." O'Mahoney was a little more reticent; he had recently worked in Iraq but did not wish to return due to the civil war and the deteriorating condition of the country. When it was decided to use a school as a backdrop to the story, which could also be used to provide a chronological narrative, O'Mahoney and Winter realised it would be too dangerous for the students to be seen with either a Western or Iraqi camera crew because it would draw too much attention to them, and so they decided that the students would film the documentary themselves.
Casting.
Producers chose boys who were students of Tariq bin Ziad High School. The school was holding on to the notion of a united Iraq, even as the country was becoming increasingly racially and religiously segregated. Having worked in Iraq in 2003, Winter knew that the Baghdad district Karrada was mixed and integrated with high numbers of Shiites and Christians. She asked her former driver and translator, who had attended the school, if he would contact the principal. Initially the school was suspicious of their intentions, but decided to trust the judgement of Winter's translator. Principal Ra'ad Jawad selected eight boys to take part in the documentary because he knew they could be discreet about making the documentary, would not get bored, and would remain committed to filming their lives for a year. The producers wanted their cast to include girls, and had found a school and families willing to take part in the documentary, but the then-Minister of Education refused to let them take part. Jawad travelled to London to meet the producers and he was trained to operate the video cameras that the boys were to use. The cameras and tapes were sent into Iraq via the BBC News department, which were then passed onto the school. Jawad and two Iraqi associate producers trained the boys how to use the cameras. Two months into filming, four of the boys dropped out of the project, leaving Hayder Khalid, Anmar Refat, Ali Shadman, and Mohammad Raed. O'Mahoney and Winter never met the boys while the documentary was being produced because it was such a high-risk assignment.
Filming.
The producers were diligent in ensuring the boys' security. O'Mahoney explained: "They were under very strict security rules when they were filming. They were told not to act as news cameramen. They were not allowed to film in the street. They could only film at school or at home, in secure environments." Winter added, "they are not paid news cameramen, and that was not the point of the film. Would they normally be running down the street toward a firefight to film it? No. Would they run toward a bombing, knowing that there could be a secondary explosion or a group of soldiers, who could start, at any second, firing wildly into the crowd, to film a piece of video? No. That's not real life for any Iraqi civilian." Nevertheless, Hayder sometimes filmed outside at night, and explained to the camera that he had to be careful because people are robbed if they are seen carrying even a mobile phone. On New Year's Eve, he and his friend celebrate with a bonfire in his friend's back yard, but after debating whether a noise they hear is fireworks or gunfire, Hayder rushes home. Another boy is driven to school one morning, and reach a special forces roadside checkpoint along the way. He explains, "if they see me with a camera they will take me to prison; they'll think I'm a terrorist who wants to bomb them."
Editing.
More than 300 hours of footage was recorded by the students and the two Iraqi associate producers. It was transcribed, translated and edited into a 90-minute film. Getting the tapes out of Iraq proved difficult for Winter and O'Mahoney, who remained in the UK. They had to rely on journalists from many news agencies, especially those in the BBC News's Baghdad Bureau high-risk team, to smuggle the tapes out of Iraq. When curfews were enforced, weeks passed before the producers received new footage because it was impossible for anybody to leave their homes or the country.
The execution of Saddam Hussein, which Anwar had filmed from the internet from start to finish, was excluded from the documentary. "We had a big debate about whether or not that should go into the film", O'Connor explained. Water continued, "it was one of those things where to see it, it just gets you. But we had to ask ourselves, does it help our story? No." Footage that was nearly edited out included a scene where Anwar had to siphon petrol out of the family car for the house's generator. Anwar explained to the camera that he needed to do it because their family was so poor. "That's tough", commented Water, "because that's a dishonour to his family."
Distribution.
"The Boys from Baghdad High" received its world première at the 2007 Sheffield Doc/Fest, an annual film festival for documentary productions held in Sheffield, South Yorkshire. In the US it was screened on 29 April 2008 at the Tribeca Film Festival, and 1 August 2008 at the Traverse City Film Festival. The first time Winter and O'Mahoney met one of the film's subjects was at the 2008 Tribeca Film Festival, nearly a year after the filming had completed. Ali and his family had relocated to the US since completing the documentary, and so he was able to attend the screening. Winter and Ali met a second time at the Traverse City Film Festival. The producers had tried to get the boys visas to enter the UK for a screening in London, but they were denied entry by the British Government.
It premièred on television in the UK on BBC Two, a national terrestrial television network, on 8 January 2008 at 9:00 p.m. as part of the "This World" documentary series. Overnight viewing figures indicated that 600,000 households had watched the film, which was three percent of the total television audience for that time slot. It was broadcast in France and Germany on the joint-venture network Arte on 18 March 2008 at 9:00 p.m., with the French title "Bagdad, le Bac Sous les Bombes", and "Die Jungs von der Bagdad-High" in Germany. It aired on the American cable network HBO as "Baghdad High" on 4 August 2008 at 9:00 p.m., and was available on HBO's video on demand service until 21 September 2008. The documentary also aired in Australia on the Special Broadcasting Service, Canada on CBC Newsworld, and in the Netherlands on VPRO.
The documentary was streamed online by the BBC using its BBC iPlayer service to UK residents for seven days after the initial broadcast. A Region 2 DVD of the documentary can be obtained, although it can only be purchased directly from the BBC and is not available in stores.
Critical reception.
Reviews for "The Boys from Baghdad High" were generally favourable. "The Huffington Post" said that giving the video cameras to the students was an excellent idea because the depiction of their school-life versus the increasing danger was captured "with neutral equality that the film is able to capture the interiority of its subjects more acutely than a straight-forward examination of violence would". Thomas Sutcliffe of "The Independent" said, "its storyline was governed not by a tick-list of stock narrative dilemmas and secrets but the cruel uncertainties that occupation and insurgency have brought to Baghdad." "Time Out New York" gave the film five out of five stars, and PopMatters rated it 8 out of 10. "The Washington Post"s Paul Farhi said, "HBO has carved a niche as the TV home of some of the most compelling programs about the Iraq war ... "Baghdad High" does no harm to HBO's burgeoning war cred[ibility." "Variety", "The Christian Science Monitor", "LA Weekly", and the "Los Angeles Times" also praised the film. At the Question-and-Answer session following a screening at the Tribeca Film Festival, one audience member, a new recruit to the United States Marine Corps, told Ali, who had also attended, "I finally know what life is like behind those walls and what you guys are like, and it's been really, really fantastic."
There were complaints, however, that the documentary did not depict enough of the political aspects of the Iraqi War. Farhi said, "The 90-minute documentary doesn't say much about the larger issues facing Iraq, but it does capture some small and captivating human stories... They happen to live in what one boy describes as 'the most dangerous city on Earth.' You don't see much of Iraq's violence in "Baghdad High", but you surely feel its gravity and their dread." The "Boston Herald"s Mark Perigard said that he felt the documentary was "a personal story, not a political one". In "The New York Times", Mike Hale commented, "While the boys talk frequently about violence and despair, they rarely discuss politics or ethnic differences (with the exception of Anmar, the Christian) and they almost never directly address the American presence. We do hear some parental opinions, which are surprisingly neutral. One mother says: 'We shouldn't blame the Americans for everything. There is something wrong with us too'." Jennifer Marin, a culture columnist from the "Los Angeles Times", wrote at About.com, that while it was innovative, informative and a noble experiment, the footage is "undistinguished and rough because the hands holding the cameras weren't skilled and the eyes framing the shots were not those of artists or keen observers." She thought that, with the exception of Mohammad, the boys lacked charisma, and that the film failed to capture the drama of living in a war-zone, due to the lack of a director calling the shots. Perigard said, "After the time you've invested a viewer, it's not nearly satisfying enough. For all the questions this fascinating film raises, it might as well be written in sand."
Many reviewers noted the similarities between the Iraqi boys and those from Western cultures. Peter Scarlet, the Artistic Director at the Tribeca Film Festival, said, "What's fascinating about the film that resulted is how very familiar and ordinary these kids are – they're not really all that different from your own teenagers or the kids you went to school with. The kids of Baghdad High also open us up to a very different sense of life in Iraq than what we've been seeing on the nightly news for five years." "The Huffington Post" said, "previously it had been unfathomable that students in Baghdad might be experiencing the same ephemeral and narcissistic heartbreak as we are in the United States." Farhi and Nicholls noticed that the Iraqi students do the same things as American high school students, such as listening to rap music, trying to study without distractions, playing sports, becoming stressed over their final exams and acting silly with their friends. Perigard commented, "despite the cultural differences, Ali, Anmar, Hayder and Mohammad will seem instantly familiar to anyone who has spent time around a teenage boy. They like to wrestle each other, love Western music, dream big and have trouble buckling down in school."
The "New York" magazine said that the film's premise of four high-school friends videotaping their senior year "sounds like a fluffy reality show"; Bill Weber of "Slant Magazine" said, "putting the trials of MTV reality-show prima donnas in perspective, the middle-class quartet will be relatable to this BBC/HBO production's audience in their easy embrace of Western kid stuff ... Directors Ivan O'Mahoney and Laura Winter balance an everyday sense of the adolescents' wartime anxiety with the more commonplace juvenile relief." Similarly, "The Huffington Post" raised comparisons with MTV reality shows, but was pleased to see that the Iraqi boys did not play to the cameras because they had not been exposed to programmes such as "" or "The Paper". That juvenile relief was commented on by many; "The Washington Post" highlighted Mohammad's adoption of an unwelcome mouse in the house. Hale described a scene where Mohammad and Ali act like hostage and captor. "Suddenly Ali is holding a large knife. 'He's being naughty!' Mohammad says. Ali holds the knife near Mohammad and says, a little too unemotionally: 'Allah! This is the first hostage. I'm going to slaughter him this way.' Mohammad tells him to stop fooling around. Ali relents. 'O.K. He just got a presidential pardon. He can live'." Reuters also commented on this, and more banter between Ali and Mohammad. "Ali is shown making a pretend hostage video with Mohammad, and then teasing his friend for his smelly feet. 'If Chemical Ali really wanted to destroy the north he should have fired a rocket with Mohammad's socks in it'."
The depiction of the stark differences between Iraq and the Western world also received comments. Farhi described the school as having "all the charm of an abandoned prison", and continued with, "visiting a friend who lives a few hundred yards away involves running a potential gauntlet of kidnappers and snipers; getting to school on time means navigating military checkpoints. Before a big exam, teachers frisk their students for explosives," while Perigard said, "at night, their neighbourhoods are riddled with gunfire and explosions". In the New York "Daily News", Patrick Huguenin wrote, "American teens wouldn't recognize other scenes showing how life slips into a heavily regulated series of checkpoints and curfews." Hale said, "The way the boys can tell without looking whether it's an Apache or a Chinook helicopter overhead, the way the curtains are always drawn, the level of physical contact and affection among the men ... would be alien to American sensibilities."
Accolades.
"The Boys from Baghdad High" was well-received from its initial screening. It was nominated for a Youth Jury Award at the 2007 Sheffield Doc/Fest, shortlisted for an Amnesty International 2008 UK Media Award in the category for Television Documentary and Docudramas, and the European Independent Film Festival named it the Best News and Current Affairs film. It was nominated for the Readers' Award in the "Radio Times", and in May 2008 it won the Premiere Prize at the Sandford St. Martin Trust Awards, which acknowledges excellence in religious broadcasting. The Trust's chairman and former BBC Head of Religious Broadcasting Colin Morris said of the documentary, "We saw the way faith breaks into secular life in the chaos of present day Iraq. Coming from different ethnic and religious backgrounds the boys showed that despite the war their daily preoccupations were much the same as those of teenage boys the world over – girlfriends, parents, sport, fashion, exams, music. Would their friendship survive? Ultimately the programme confronted British viewers with the question: 'What in God's name are we doing there? The film received a standing ovation from the audience at the Traverse City Film Festival, and at the Tribeca Film Festival it was short-listed for the 2008 World Documentary Feature Competition, competing against eleven other non-fiction films for Best Documentary Film and Best New Documentary Filmmaker.

</doc>
<doc id="18976811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976811" title="Frank Etc.">
Frank Etc.

Frank Etc. AB is a Swedish design company specialized in industrial design and graphic design. It was founded in Stockholm in 1994 by the industrial designer Nikolaus Frank and the graphic designer Cecilia Frank.
Products designed by Frank Etc. often have a high technological content and a clear design. The company has been active both in Sweden and internationally, for instance in cooperation with the design company IDEO and with companies in Asia, especially Hong Kong.
Over the years, Frank Etc. has received a number of awards and recognitions, such as several Good Design Awards, several Excellent Swedish Design-awards, the international design prices Industrial Design Excellence Award IDEA and the iF Award for Good Industrial Design. Awards and recognitions have also been received in a number of international design competitions, such as the LG Electronics, the Design The Future International Competition and the Yamaha Audio System International Design Competition (Yamaha Pro Audio). 
Frank Etc. is represented in the permanent collection of the Swedish National Art Museum (Nationalmuseum), represented with several products in the exhibition Design: Stockholm at the Stockholms Stadsmuseum has also had a separate exhibition at the National Museum of Science and Technology (Swedish National Museum of Science and Technology) in Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="18976813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976813" title="Tan Ying">
Tan Ying

Tan Ying may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18976833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976833" title="Anna Shorina">
Anna Shorina

Anna Vladimirovna Shorina (, August 26, 1982, Moscow, USSR) is a Russian synchro-swimmer.
She has Olympic gold medal in team competition in 2004, won World (2001, 2003, 2005, 2007) and European (1999, 2000, 2002, 2004, 2006) Championships and other tournaments.
She is a member of National team since 1999, Now She Works In FC Terek Grozny.

</doc>
<doc id="18976847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976847" title="Carey Press">
Carey Press

The Carey Press was founded in the early 20th century as the commercial publishing arm of the Baptist Missionary Society and was named after the society's founder William Carey (1761–1834). The founding editor was W E Cule (1870-1944). He was succeeded by Ernest Alexander Payne (1902–1980).
The Carey Press published church- and missionary-related publications, devotional works and junior Christian fiction, as well as general titles. The Carey Press later merged with Kingsgate Press to become Carey Kingsgate Press.
Source.
Brian Stanley, History of the Baptist Missionary Society 1792-1992. Edinburgh: T&T Clark, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18976853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976853" title="Tan Ying (softball)">
Tan Ying (softball)

Tan Ying (born May 4, 1982 in Shanghai) is a female Chinese softball player. She was part of the fourth place team at the 2006 World Championship.
She will compete for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18976861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976861" title="Nikolaus Frank">
Nikolaus Frank

Nikolaus Frank (born 1964) is a Swedish industrial designer MFA SD, graduated from University College of Arts, Crafts and Design (Konstfack), Department of Industrial design in 1987. Together with his wife Cecilia Frank he runs the design company Frank Etc. AB in Stockholm, with focus on consumer products and conceptual design based on future technology.
Nikolaus Frank has worked with design groups and clients in Europe, North America and Asia. He has lectured at Konstfack and had management assignments within the telecom sector. He has received a number of awards,such as several Good Design Awards, several Excellent Swedish Design-awards, the international design prizes IDEA Industrial Design Excellence Award and the iF Award for Good Industrial Design. He has also received prices in a number of international design competitions, such as the LG Electronics International Design Competition, the Design The Future International Competition and the Yamaha Audio System International Design Competition.
Nikolaus Frank was a member of the board of the Swedish Society of Crafts and Design (Svensk Form).
Literature.
Design:Stockholm, Stockholms Stadsmuseum, ISBN 91-85233-41-2
1900-2002, Svensk form, Internationell design, Hedvig Hedqvist, Bokförlaget DN, ISBN 91-7588-420-8

</doc>
<doc id="18976880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976880" title="Seo Dong-Won">
Seo Dong-Won

Seo Dong-Won (born August 14, 1975) is a South Korean former football player. He played for Daejeon Citizen, Suwon Samsung Bluewings, Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors, Gwangju Sangmu Bulsajo (army), Incheon United, Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma).and Busan I'Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18976904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976904" title="Francisco Urondo">
Francisco Urondo

Francisco "Paco" Urondo (January 10, 1930 in Santa Fe – June 17, 1976 in Mendoza) was an Argentine writer and member of the Montoneros guerrilla organization.
Urondo published multiple collections of poetry, short stories, theatrical works, and a novel, as well as "La patria fusilada", his famous interview with the survivors of the massacre at Trelew, and his critical essay "Veinte años de poesía argentina."
Urondo also collaborated in the writing of movie scripts such as Pajarito Gómez (which includes a cameo appearance) and Noche terrible, and adapted for television Flaubert's Madame Bovary, Stendhal's "Le Rouge et le Noir," and Eça de Queiroz's "Os Maias".
In 1968 he was named General Culture Director for the Santa Fe Province, and in 1973 Director of the Literature Department of the Faculty of Philosophy and Literature of the University of Buenos Aires.
As a journalist, he collaborated in several national and international media, among them Primera Plana, Panorama, Crisis, La Opiníon and Noticias.
Intellectualism and Militancy.
At 18, Urondo left home to study chemistry, then law, and then philosophy and letters, but none of these satisfied him. He abandoned academics and went to Buenos Aires where he led a thriving social life and was known among his friends for his lively and intellectual personality. He practiced puppeteering there for a short while.
His writing career developed with the production of his first collections, "La Perichole" and "Historia Antigua", in the 1950s. Too, his militancy grew, first with his participation in the Argentine guerrilla organization FAR, and later the Montoneros. For Urondo, his writing and his militancy were inseparable, despite a mutual mistrust among the two groups. Juan Gelman, a fellow poet and friend, remembers Urondo as saying once that he “took up arms because he was looking for the right word.” 
Along with Gelman and poets Roque Dalton and Mario Benedetti, Urondo developed a conversational style of writing in the 60s and 70s simultaneous with the increasingly strained dynamic between the corrupt state and its people. They wrote with frankness and accusation, resisting collective silence by exposing difficult social and political truths—though devoting their words to art and lyricism above all else.
Urondo was imprisoned in 1973 but released; that same year, he published "La Patria Fusilada" which recounts through interview the stories of the three survivors of the Trelew massacre.
Due to his militancy Urondo had to enter into a clandestine life, taking great pains to disguise himself in public and adopting a pseudonym, Ortiz, after Juan L. Ortiz. He was aware of the danger he was in and had obtained cyanide pills for himself so that, in the event of a compromise, he would not be taken and tortured and forced to betray his friends.
Though he held a position of responsibility within the Montoneros, in 1976 Urondo found himself demoted for internal political reasons and had to be transferred. He asked to not be sent to Santa Fe or to Mendoza because he was well known in both places, but nevertheless they placed him as head of the Mendoza column. Out of options, Urondo left for Mendoza in the beginning of May, 1976 with his then-companion Alicia Raboy and their one-year-old child Angela.
Death.
On his death, Argentine writer Rodolfo Walsh wrote:
Reparations.
Urondo's assassins were convicted in 2011. Juan Agustín Oyarzábal Navarro, Eduardo Smahá Borzuk ("Ruso"), Alberto Rodríguez Vázquez (“Pájaro Loco”), and Celustiano Lucero (“Mono”) received the maximum sentence. Dardo Migno received 12 years in prison.
From the trial it was determined that Urondo did not commit suicide by swallowing a cyanide pill, but rather died from a skull fracture caused by a blow to the head with a gun handle that policeman Celustiano Lucero administered. Lucero confessed to this act during the defense. 

</doc>
<doc id="18976905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976905" title="Palmolive Shining Circle Of 10 Batch 2008">
Palmolive Shining Circle Of 10 Batch 2008

The second season of Palmolive Shining Circle Of 10 (Batch 2008) formally began on August 2, 2008. Iya Villania and Geoff Eigenmann reprise their roles as hosts of the show, as
Precious Lara Quigaman, Vina Morales,Direk Rowell Santiago work as the judge.The audition of PSC was happened in Boracay,SM Cebu,SM Mall Of Asia and SM Davao by phototaking and photo sending in the website of PSC.Then, the company will call the girls who are in for their talent showing.
Weekly Episodes.
Christine and Nina presented a lovely song and Angel,Sandra and Ann presented nice 
dances.
Eliminated:Sandra and Nina
Leiko performed a great song, Mariam presented an Indian dance,Crischa and Chesca performed nice
dances and Desiree presented surprising,amazing,lively and energetic tango dance.
Eliminated:Crischa and Leiko
Lana presented a playful song while Roanne,Lou,Kat and Stephanie performed energetic dances.
Eliminated:Kat,Stephanie and Lou
All of them presented great dances.
Eliminated:Valerie,Carrie and Princess

</doc>
<doc id="18976931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976931" title="Smooth curve hull">
Smooth curve hull

Smooth curve hulls are hulls that are rounded and don't usually have any chines or corners. They can be moulded, round-bilged or soft-chined. Examples are the round bilge, semi-round bilge and s-bottom hull.

</doc>
<doc id="18976952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976952" title="List of Transformers video games">
List of Transformers video games


</doc>
<doc id="18976955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18976955" title="Mohamed Ali Ameriko">
Mohamed Ali Ameriko

Dr.Mohamed Ali "Ameriko" (born 1962) is the Financial Operation Manager for the Office of the Prime Minister of Somalia. Dr. Mohamed Ali also was an official at the Central Bank of Somalia during the transitional government in the early 1990s. Dr. Mohamed Ali also worked with UNOSOM during the civil war.

</doc>
<doc id="18977037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18977037" title="Zhang Na (footballer)">
Zhang Na (footballer)

Zhang Na (;born 10 March 1984 in Zhangjiakou, Hebei) is a female Chinese football player who competed for the national team in the 2008 Summer Olympics. Her position is that of midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="18977044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18977044" title="A-1 Headline">
A-1 Headline

A-1, (international name : "A-1 Headline" or Chinese name : A1頭條 or "A1 tou tiao") is a 2004 Hong Kong thriller film directed by Gordon Chan and Kai Cheung Chung and produced by Fruit Chan.

</doc>
<doc id="18977075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18977075" title="Joe Balsamo">
Joe Balsamo

Joe Balsamo is an Italian-American football manager. He is currently the head coach for the Brooklyn Knights' PDL squad.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Giuseppe (Joe) Balsamo was born in Switzerland and grew up in Palermo, Sicily.
Football career.
Joe became a professional player at the Primavera level at age 16, and came to the United States at 17 to play in the North American Soccer League. He returned to Italy to play in the Italian Serie C for coach Giovanni Seghedoni. In 1989, Joe returned to the United States and settled in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn.
Joe’s coaching accomplishments include many championships and titles at various age levels, including, in 2002, the championship of the Enzo Ferrari Cup in Italy, where his side defeated the squads of Juventus and Modena. He also coached the United States representative team at the 2003 Danone Cup in Paris.
Joe now is the president and head coach of F.A. Euro.
Family Life.
Joe and his wife, Lisa, have two boys, Marco and Vincent. Marco is a college student pursuing film and Vincent who is in junior high school. They live happily in Brooklyn, NY.

</doc>
<doc id="18977092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18977092" title="Excellent Swedish Design">
Excellent Swedish Design

Excellent Swedish Design (Utmärkt Svensk Form) was a design award handed out by the Swedish Society of Crafts and Design (Svensk Form) 1983-2002
In the early 1980s, the opportunities for designers in Sweden were scarce. Few companies had realized the importance of consulting a designer. The chairman of the designers section of Svensk Form, Hans-Christer Ericson, then presented the idea of a design prize, to be awarded to various professional design organizations and their producers. In 1983 the first jury presented their choice, and after that the prize was handed out every year until 2002. The graphic designers (ABCD, now Sveriges Reklamförbund), the industrial designers (SID), the interior architects (SIR), the craftsmen (KIF), the illustrators (FST) and the textile and fashion designers (STOK) every time chose their representative for the jury. In later years, web design and corporate identity were also awarded. Excellent Swedish Design, with its logo designed by Hans-Christer Ericson, became a huge media success, both in Sweden and abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="18977098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18977098" title="Pinguicula chuquisacensis">
Pinguicula chuquisacensis

Pinguicula chuquisacensis is an insectivorous plant of the genus "Pinguicula" endemic to Bolivia, where it grows at elevations of 2100 to 2500 m above sea level.

</doc>
