<doc id="18881735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881735" title="Topaz Solar Farm">
Topaz Solar Farm

Topaz Solar Farm is a 550 megawatt (MW) solar photovoltaic power plant, being built in San Luis Obispo County, California. Construction on the project began in November 2011 and is expected to run through 2015. It is among the world’s biggest solar farms under construction. The $2 billion project will include 8 million of First Solar’s thin-film panels, and the company will build, operate and maintain the project for MidAmerican Energy Holdings. Pacific Gas and Electric will buy the electricity under a 25-year power purchase agreement. According to First Solar, it will create about 400 construction jobs. Annual generation is expected to be 1,096 GWh.
History.
OptiSolar, the instigator of the project, had optioned of ranchland,
In November 2009, First Solar announced that it had purchased options to an additional from Ausra's canceled Carrizo Energy Solar Farm. First Solar would reconfigure the project to minimize the use of land covered by the Williamson Act.
The project is utilizing nine million thin-film PV panels designed and manufactured by First Solar. The project would deliver approximately 1,100 gigawatt-hours (GW·h) annually of renewable energy. The plant's power would be generated during the middle of the day, when demand for electricity — and price — is much higher than at night. The project is expected to begin construction in 2011 and be fully operational by 2014. California utilities are mandated to get 33% of their energy from renewable sources by 2020.
On August 14, 2008, Pacific Gas and Electric Company announced agreements to buy the power from Topaz Solar Farm and High Plains Ranch.
In late October 2010 the San Luis Obispo Department Planning and Building released a Draft Environmental Impact report.
In June 2011, the U.S. Department of Energy offered First Solar a $1.9 billion loan guarantee to cover part of the financing for the project. The First Solar project was not able to close its conditional loan guarantee with the Department of Energy prior to the September 30 deadline, but it has gone ahead anyway.
On May 18, 2012, First Solar announced the installation of the first PV panel. On October 24, 2012, First Solar announced the installation of the millionth panel. The plant began providing energy to the grid in February 2013.
The five-millionth panel was installed in October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18881742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881742" title="Shane Turner">
Shane Turner

Shane Lee Turner is a former professional baseball player. He played in parts of three seasons in the Major League Baseball for three different teams.
Turner was originally selected by the New York Yankees in the 6th round of the 1985 Major League Baseball Draft after playing in the College World Series twice for Cal State Fullerton. In , he was traded with fellow prospect Keith Hughes to the Philadelphia Phillies for outfielder Mike Easler. Turner made his major league debut the following year, going 6-for-35 in 18 games.
From there, Turner played in the minors for another six seasons, getting brief trials with the Baltimore Orioles in and the Seattle Mariners in . The latter was his most successful big league stint, as he batted .270 in 34 games, but in it was back to the minors for Turner.
After his playing career, Turner managed in the minors in the San Francisco Giants organization, starting in for the Salem-Keizer Volcanoes. In , he replaced Dave Machemer as manager of the Connecticut Defenders in mid-season. He currently is the coordinator of instruction for the San Francisco Giants organization.

</doc>
<doc id="18881746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881746" title="Marine Current Turbines">
Marine Current Turbines

MCT was founded in 2000 to develop ideas of tidal power developed by Peter Fraenkel, who had previously been a founder partner of "IT Power", a consultancy established to further the development of sustainable energy technologies. The company is based in Bristol and employed 15 people in 2007.
By 2003, MCT had installed a 300 kW experimental tidal turbine northeast of Lynmouth, Devon and by 2008 they had a 1.2 MW turbine, SeaGen, in Strangford Lough, Northern Ireland which was able to feed electricity into the National Grid. 
They now have contracts to install a full tidal farm in the Skerries, off northwest Wales and projects in the Bay of Fundy, Nova Scotia and Vancouver, Canada.
In February 2012 Siemens acquired a majority share in the company, raising its holding from 45% to over 90%.
Technology.
The technology developed by MCT works much the same as a submerged windmill, driven by the flow of water rather than air. Tidal flows are more predictable than air flows both in time and maximum velocity and it is therefore possible to bring designs closer to the theoretical maximum. The turbines have a patented feature by which they can take advantage of the reversal of flow every 6 hours and generate on both flow and ebb of the tide. The tips of the blades are well below the surface so will not be a danger to shipping or be vulnerable to storms.
Because the blades are relatively slow moving (15 rpm)and there are only two, it is considered unlikely that there will be adverse environmental impacts on fish or other aquatic life, and a monitoring project has been set up in the Strangford Lough project to confirm this.
Two approaches are being followed, one for relatively shallow waters, up to , and the other for deeper waters. In shallow waters, the turbines are suspended on a tower which extends above the surface of the water and enables the turbines to be lifted clear of the water for maintenance purposes. But since the number of sites around the world where this is possible is finite, they are also developing fully submersed systems which will take advantage of larger scale, but will also be able to be brought to the surface for maintenance.
SeaFlow.
The SeaFlow project involved building a full-size prototype capable of producing 300 kW. This was installed off the Devon coast near Lynmouth in May 2003. It was the largest tidal turbine operating until SeaGen started.
SeaGen.
SeaGen was the first full-scale tidal flow power station to be connected to the grid to produce electricity for consumption. It was due to be installed in 2007 but delays with the installation barge meant that it was not installed until March 2008 after being modified extensively to permit the use of a crane barge rather than a jackup as originally planned. 
It produced electricity on 14 July 2008.
However, subsequently a computer problem caused damage to one of the rotors and procuring a replacement took until towards the end of October 2008. However SeaGen was able to operate using just its good rotor through the summer of 2008 and that rotor was operated at full rated power of 600 kW for many hours. After replacement of the damaged rotor SeaGen delivered its full rated power of 1.2MW for the first time on 18 December 2008 - believed to be the first time a "wet renewable energy system" has delivered in excess of 1MW.
Skerries Tidal Stream Array.
In a proposed joint project with RWE Npower Renewables, 7 of the SeaGen generators, producing about 10MW at peak, would be installed off the Skerries, a patch of very fast moving water off Anglesey in northwest Wales. An environmental consent application was submitted to the Welsh Government in March 2011, though financing still needs to be finalised.
Canada.
An agreement has been made with Canada's "Maritime Tidal Energy Corporation" in 2007 to develop tidal resources in the Bay of Fundy. With a tidal range exceeding , and flows of up to , this area has long been favoured as the most promising source of tidal power and the newer tidal flow concepts mean that the associated shipping and environmental problems of barrage schemes are no longer prohibitive. MTEC concluded that MCT had the most proven technology of the companies evaluated. 
On the west coast, they have also agreed to install at least three 1.2 MW turbines in the Campbell River in British Columbia as a first step in developing tidal farms in that river and other tidal waters.

</doc>
<doc id="18881752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881752" title="The Best of Chet Atkins, Vol. 2">
The Best of Chet Atkins, Vol. 2

The Best of Chet Atkins, Vol. 2 is a compilation recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins.
This title has been discontinued. All the songs are available on other compilation packages and Chet Atkins retrospectives.

</doc>
<doc id="18881757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881757" title="Brian Job">
Brian Job

Brian Gregory Job (born November 29, 1951) is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic medalist, and former world record-holder. At the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, he won the bronze medal for his third-place finish in the men's 200-meter breaststroke.
As a teenager, he swam for coach George Haines' Santa Clara Swim Club, winning fourteen America Athletic Union (AAU) national titles. He attended Stanford University, where he swam for the Stanford Cardinal swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition. On August 22, 1970, he set a new world record of 2:23.5 in the 200-meter breaststroke, which would stand for almost two years. He was also a member of the U.S. relay team that won the gold medal in the 4x100-meter medley relay at the 1971 Pan American Games.
A newspaper account in 2013 [http://www.mercurynews.com/bay-area-news/ci_23016490/from-olympics-streets-medalist-homeless-palo-alto], Brian Job is homeless on the streets of Palo Alto, a victim of a bipolar disorder, according to Job's family.

</doc>
<doc id="18881760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881760" title="John Ferris (swimmer)">
John Ferris (swimmer)

John Edward Ferris (born July 24, 1949) is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic medalist, and former world record-holder.
Ferris won two bronze medals at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico: one in the men's 200-meter individual medley and one in the men's 200-meter butterfly. His third-place finish in the 200-meter individual medley completed an American sweep of the event, with Charlie Hickcox taking first and Greg Buckingham taking second.
Ferris attended Stanford University, where he swam for the Stanford Cardinal swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition. He received a gold medal in the 200-meter butterfly at the 1967 World University Games, where he set a new world record time of 2:06.0. He also won an NCAA national championship in the 200-yard butterfly in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="18881764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881764" title="Greg Buckingham">
Greg Buckingham

Gregory Fenton Buckingham (July 29, 1945 – November 11, 1990) was an American competition swimmer, Olympic medalist, and former world record-holder.
Buckingham was born in Riverside, California, and attended Menlo-Atherton High School in Atherton, California. He enrolled in Stanford University, and swam for the Stanford Cardinal swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition. 
At the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, he won a silver medal in the men's 200-meter individual medley. His second-place performance completed an American sweep of the event with Charlie Hickcox taking the gold medal and John Ferris taking the bronze.
Buckingham died of a heart attack in 1990 at the age of 45. He was one of two older brothers of Fleetwood Mac guitarist Lindsey Buckingham.

</doc>
<doc id="18881766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881766" title="Jon Robinson (American football)">
Jon Robinson (American football)

Jonathan Robinson (born in Union City, Tennessee) is the current American football director of college scouting for the New England Patriots of the National Football League. After high school, Robinson played football at the United States Air Force Academy for one season, before transferring to Southeast Missouri State University after one semester, where he played three seasons as a defensive lineman. He graduated from Southeast Missouri State in 1998 and joined his alma mater as a graduate assistant for one season. In 1999, he joined Nicholls State University as a graduate assistant for two seasons, and then served as their linebackers coach in 2001. He then became an area scout for the Patriots in 2002, a position he held until 2006, when he was promoted to a regional scout. In 2008, he was promoted to the Patriots' assistant director of college scouting. He was again promoted in 2009 to director of college scouting.

</doc>
<doc id="18881770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881770" title="Palacio de la Magdalena">
Palacio de la Magdalena

The Palacio de la Magdalena (Spanish for Magdalena Palace) is an early 20th-century palace located on the Magdalena Peninsula of the city of Santander, Cantabria, Spain.
History.
Construction of the palace was initiated in 1908 by the local government of Santander for the purpose of providing a seasonal residence for the royal family of Spain. Funding was provided via popular subscription of the local populace. 
The design and construction of the palace were overseen by architects Javier González de Riancho and Gonzalo Bringas Vega, with construction completed in 1912. King Alfonso XIII and his family first arrived at the Palacio de la Magdalena on August 4, 1913, and returned annually to summer at the palace thru 1930. The royal family used the palace as a base for numerous recreational and sporting activities, and the king sometimes also held government meetings at the property. The annual trips ended with the proclamation of the Second Spanish Republic in 1931. 
Beginning in 1932, the palace was used to host summer courses through the Menéndez Pelayo International University. In 1977 Don Juan de Borbón sold the palace and the peninsula back to the city of Santander, which had previously given it as a gift to the royal family, for 150 million pesetas. The palace, which was declared an historical monument in 1982 and renovated between 1993 and 1995, continues to be used as a conference and meeting hall today. It is the most visited place in the city of Santander.
Design.
The building has an eclectic style, combining English, French, and regional styles. It has two entrances, one on the north side for carriages, with a portic, and another to the south, which is the main entrance. The south entrance features two octagonal towers and double staircase tranches. The building is covered with stone masonry slate. The highlight of the interior is the reception rooms, which hold paintings of interest by artists such as Luis Benedito, Joaquín Sorolla y Bastida, and Fernando Alvarez Sotomayor.
The stables were designed by Javier González de Riancho. They emulate a medieval English village with sharp roofs of steep slopes and wooden tiles. After summer courses were started, the stables were converted to student dormitories.
The palace is also used in external shots for the Spanish TV series Grand Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="18881791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881791" title="Man in the 5th Dimension">
Man in the 5th Dimension

Man in the 5th Dimension is a 1964 short film produced and directed by Dick Ross and starring Billy Graham.
Plot.
"Man in the 5th Dimension" opens with Graham delivering this prologue: "You are about to embark on a breathtaking journey through the four-dimensional world of space and time, into the realm of the fifth dimension – the dimension of the spirit."
The film shows scenes of the universe taken from the Palomar Observatory and then travels across the world to settings of natural and man-made grandeur including the California redwoods, the Acropolis in Athens, Greece, and the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. Throughout the film, Graham speaks of the spiritual nature of man in the midst of God's glory, and the film concludes with Graham inviting his audience to join him in accepting Jesus Christ as their savior.
Release.
"Man in the 5th Dimension" was filmed in the 70mm Todd-AO widescreen process for exclusive presentation at the Billy Graham Pavilion during the 1964 New York World's Fair. The film was presented 12 times a day, seven days a week, with free admission. The theater was equipped with audio equipment that enabled viewers to listen to the film in Chinese, French, German, Japanese, Russian and Spanish.
The film concludes with Graham making an on-screen appeal directly to his viewers to meet with counselors from his ministry who were stationed at the pavilion. "You could make this commitment at this moment, right here in this pavilion," he said in the film, speaking directly to the camera. "I'm asking you to do it now. Here is how I shall ask you to do it. I want you to meet with one of us in the counseling room, just behind the screen. We will only keep you a few minutes. We would like to give you some literature and have prayer with you. Staff members trained to help you make this all important decision are in the counseling room."
World Wide Pictures, Graham's film ministry went through 11 Todd-AO prints; none exist today. The film was re-edited and released in 16mm. An album based on the film’s soundtrack was also released. To date, there has been no VHS video or DVD release of "Man in the 5th Dimension", although it has been broadcast on U.S. cable television networks featuring religious programming.

</doc>
<doc id="18881809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881809" title="John Ferris">
John Ferris

John Ferris may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18881811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881811" title="Golyamo Belovo">
Golyamo Belovo

Golyamo Belovo () is a village in Southern Bulgaria. It is located in the Pazardzhik Province. It is part of Belovo Municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="18881819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881819" title="Gilgilçay">
Gilgilçay

Gilgilçay (also, Gil’gil’chay) is a village and municipality in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 959. 

</doc>
<doc id="18881824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881824" title="Alikhanly">
Alikhanly

Alikhanly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18881828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881828" title="Tuğay">
Tuğay

Tuğay (also, Tağay, Tagai, Tagay, Tagiya, and Toğay) is a village and municipality in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 374. 
This is different from the Tagay tree that grows in the Northern Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="18881830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881830" title="Yenikənd, Siazan">
Yenikənd, Siazan

Yenikənd (also, Yenikend) is a village and the most populous municipality, except for the capital Siyəzən, in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,899. The municipality consists of the villages of Yenikənd and Kolanı.

</doc>
<doc id="18881833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881833" title="Kolanı, Siazan">
Kolanı, Siazan

Kolanı (also, Kelan’, Kelany, and Kolany) is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Yenikənd.

</doc>
<doc id="18881838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881838" title="Bigelow v. Commonwealth of Virginia">
Bigelow v. Commonwealth of Virginia

Bigelow v. Commonwealth of Virginia, , was a United States Supreme Court case that established First Amendment protection for advertising.
Background.
Court precedents had long considered advertising mere "commercial speech," giving it little, if any, protection under the First Amendment.
In 1972, the American Civil Liberties Union filed a Supreme Court appeal on behalf of a newspaper editor in Charlottesville, Virginia who had published an advertisement for an abortion referral service in New York (where abortion was legal). Virginia charged the editor, Jeffrey C. Bigelow, with violating a state law that made it a crime to encourage abortions via lectures, advertisements, or any other manner. Bigelow was convicted and fined; the Virginia Supreme Court affirmed his conviction, rejecting his First Amendment challenge by pointing to the lowered protections on commercial advertisements.
"Roe v. Wade" was pending when Bigelow's appeal first reached the Supreme Court, leading the justices to defer action. After "Roe" was decided, the justices remanded "Bigelow" to Virginia, but the state court reaffirmed Bigelow's conviction; Bigelow filed a new appeal to the Supreme Court.
Opinion of the Court.
The decision was announced June 16, 1975. Justices William Rehnquist and Byron White cast the only votes to uphold the conviction. Justice Blackmun wrote the majority opinion, and was joined by Chief Justice Warren E. Burger and Justices Thurgood Marshall, Potter Stewart, William Brennan, William O. Douglas, and Lewis Powell.
Justice Harry Blackmun wrote that the First Amendment "should prevent states from prohibiting advertisements of products or conduct that is clearly legal at the place advertised." The Court also noted the political nature of abortion and its status as a constitutionally protected fundamental right.
Subsequent developments.
"Bigelow" was used as precedent in a case in the 1975 term of the Court. In "Virginia State Board of Pharmacy v. Virginia Citizens Consumer Council", Blackmun struck down a state law that prohibited pharmacists from advertising the prices of prescription drugs. Justice William Rehnquist was the only dissenter.

</doc>
<doc id="18881844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881844" title="John Wimer">
John Wimer

John M. Wimer (May 8, 1810January 11, 1863) was the seventh person to serve as mayor of St. Louis, Missouri.
Born in Amherst County, Virginia, he came west in 1828, initially a blacksmith in St. Louis.
He served from 1843 to 1844 and from 1857 to 1858 - the ninth and nineteenth term served as mayor of St. Louis.
Although he opposed slavery, when the American Civil War broke out, Wimer spoke out strongly for the Confederacy and his native state of Virginia; he was arrested and imprisoned, but escaped in December 1862, traveling to Missouri where he joined the Confederate army under Brigadier-General John S. Marmaduke.
He was killed at the Battle of Hartville, in Hartville, Missouri, and was buried at Bellefontaine Cemetery in St. Louis.

</doc>
<doc id="18881857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881857" title="Colchester High School">
Colchester High School

Colchester High School is a profit-making coeducational independent school located in Colchester in Essex, England. The school is owned and operated by the Cognita Group. Colchester High is the only coeducational independent school in Colchester to offer secondary education. 
History.
The school was a girls' school only when it opened in 1882. It took boys from 1910, with the first Principal, Mr. Groene, stoutly refusing all approaches by the County Education Committee to incorporate the School into its education remit. It has pursued its independent course ever since, despite a spell as a hospital annexe from 1917–18 and being strafed in 1941. For many years the school was family owned. In 2005, it was bought by Cognita, the largest independent schools business in the UK. The school is still affectionately known by many of the Old pupils from before it became co-educational as the "Boys'" or "Boys' High".
The school today.
The school admits pupils aged 3 to 16 from a wide catchment area including Colchester, Braintree, Marks Tey, Coggeshall, Kelvedon, Tiptree, Maldon,and Wivenhoe. Entry is normally at ages 3-16 . Children are able to join at other ages if there is a vacancy. Younger children spend an informal morning at the school whilst entry to the Senior School from the Juniors is via an Entrance assessment, often held in March. Admission is on the basis of interview and/or assessment, but pupils will not be disadvantaged by the school by virtue of gender, race, background or religion. The 2008 GCSE results for the school were at a high standard, making Colchester High one of the top ranking schools in Essex. 
Class sizes are typically small ranging from between 1 to 24 pupils.
The school has an 'Old Boys' Association' which all Old Colcestrians are eligible to join once they have left the school, often after their exam year. Membership of the OBA allows the members to wear the association tie and attend the "social events" of the year.
The school has four houses: Normans (Royal Blue); Saxons (Old Gold); Romans (Scarlet); and Danes (Forest Green). . Each house has its own House Master and two senior boys who act as a Captain of the House and a Sports Captain as well as approximately three to four Prefects. The school has traditionally tried to place pupils in the same house as any relatives who have attended the school before them.
The school plays several sports during school 'Games', they are mainly: Rugby; Football; Cross Country; Hockey; Athletics; and Cricket. During each Year's PE lessons the main sports are: Badminton; Indoor Cricket; Darts; Circuit Training; Volleyball and Basketball. 
St Mary's School, which is nearby, is often paired with Colchester High School in sport, education and leisure (such as the annual Christmas ball).
Notable former pupils.
Stella Creasy, Labour MP for Walthamstow

</doc>
<doc id="18881864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881864" title="Cyril Dissanayake">
Cyril Dissanayake

Cyril Cyrus "Jungle" Dissanayake is a Sri Lankan senior police officer. He was one of the leaders of the attempted military coup of 1962.
Education.
Dissanayake was educated at Royal College, Colombo and at Ceylon University College where he was active sportsmen.
Career.
After graduating from University joined the Ceylon Police Force as a Probationary Assistant Superintendent of Police. During World War II Dissanayake along with Captain (later Colonel) F. C. de Saram were selected by British Intelligence to serve with their underground resistance should Ceylon fall to the Japanese in 1942, after the fall of Burma, Malaya and Singapore in 1942. He was Superintendent of Police of Colombo during the Hartal 1953 and during riots of 1958 he was the Deputy Inspector-General of Police of Range I.
During police serviced he received the Ceylon Police Medal for Meritorious Service, Defence Medal 1939-45, Ceylon Police Independence Medal and the Service Medal of the Order of St John.
Coup.
As member of the Christian elite, who ever being deprived of the influence they once had due to the Sihinalaisation process started by Prime Minister S.W.R.D. Bandaranaike and carried on by Sirimavo Bandaranaike, several disgruntled christian officers of the army, navy and police began to plot a coup similar to that of General Ayub Khan.
The coup members intended to carry out the coups d'état at midnight 27 January 1962 under the instigation of J.F.D. Liyanage of the Ceylon Civil Service and leadership of Colonel F. C. de Saram and C.C. Dissanayake. Colonel de Saram, who would command the military units of the corp and C.C. Dissanayake the police units. The plan was to use troops from the Ceylon Artillery and several other volunteer units along with scout cars of the Ceylon Armoured Corps and policemen to detain the Prime Minister Sirimavo Bandaranaike at Temple Trees (the official residence of the prime minister) and round up cabinet ministers, the Permanent Secretary for Defence and External affairs, the Inspector General of Police, DIG (Director of CID), SP (CID) and the acting Navy Commander. The Army Commander were to be restrained too. Colombo placed under curfew and cut off from regular army units based at the Panagoda Cantonment. After the coup members gain control, the newly-self appointed Major-General F. C. De Saram, General Officer Commanding Ceylon, was to command all Military establishments and would have the Governor general Sir Oliver Goonetilleke to dissolve parliament. C.C. Dissanayake would become acting Inspector General of Police. 
However one of the plotters, SP of Colombo Stanley Senanayake who was brought in to the plot that morning by Dissanayake warned the government and all the plotters were arrested. Since no actual coup had happen the government was determined to punish the accused and with the cabinet carrying out the investigation instead of the police, had them confined to solitary confinement in hope of getting a confession. Finlay F. C. de Saram did make a confession, taking all blame for the coup that would become the prosecutions main article of evidence. Dissanayake made no confession, however the day after his arrest he was removed of his post in the police. On 3 June 1963, he was convicted with 11 others out of the 24 accused and sentenced to 10 years in jail and confiscation of property after laws had been modified the government in order to convicted the plotters. The conviction was overruled on appeal to the Privy Council, which ruled that the new Act had denied fair trial, since the new laws only effect the accused.
Family.
He and his wife had two daughters and a son. His son T.D.S.A. Dissanayake became a Sri Lanka and UN diplomat going on to become Sri Lankan Ambassador to Indonesia and Egypt. The current Colombo district Member of Parliament Ravi Karunanayake is his grandson. His brother was DIG S.A. Dissanayake, who was the Director of the Criminal Investigation Department, he was on the list of those to be arrested during the coup, but in turn played a pivotal role in stopping the coup. S. A. Dissanayake went on to become the Inspector General of Police.

</doc>
<doc id="18881865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881865" title="Tierra Nueva">
Tierra Nueva

Tierra Nueva can refer to these locations

</doc>
<doc id="18881875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881875" title="Thalias Kompagnons">
Thalias Kompagnons

Thalias Kompagnons is the name of a German puppet theatre in Nuremberg, managed by the puppeteers and directors Joachim Torbahn and Tristan Vogt. Their repertoire consists of shows for both adults and children.
History.
The puppet theatre was founded in 1990 as a professional freelance touring company by the name of "Tristans Kompagnons". In 2006 the puppeteers changed the name of the theatre to Thalias Kompagnons. From 1997 to 2008 they ran the Nuremberg "Theater der Puppen im KaLi" in partnership with the "Theater Salz & Pfeffer". They give guest performances all around the world, and their work has been awarded several prizes, e.g. the Preis der Stadt Nürnberg for art and science in 2008.
Ensemble.
Joachim Torbahn studied art in Vienna and worked as set-designer for several opera houses and theatres. He has been designing the stage sets and puppets for Thalias Kompagnons since 1990; since 1998 he has also been working as a puppeteer for the theatre. Tristan Vogt studied German literature and sociology; since 1990 he has been working full-time as puppeteer, author and director. Both members of the ensemble give guest lectures at the Ernst Busch School for Performing Arts (in the puppet-show department) in Berlin.
Classification.
The productions of Thalias Kompagnons represent mixtures of puppetry, drama and music theatre. They generally belong to the genre of puppet theatre, which makes use of the dramatic technique of animation. With their painting-theatre productions – live painting to music – Thalias Kompagnons created a special synthesis of art and theatre: as the puppeteer tells a story which, like his painting, develops and changes, he simultaneously demonstrates the techniques of painting. Thalias Kompagnons were influenced by the Ernst Busch School. They treat the traditions of folk drama with affectionate irony and often play with the conventions of the classic German "Kasperle-Theater" show. Apart from playing with hand puppets on a fourth-wall stage, the actor-puppeteers are actually seen on stage making use of other playing materials as well (e.g. masks, table puppets, simple objects, video projections).

</doc>
<doc id="18881881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881881" title="Julia Butler Hansen Bridge">
Julia Butler Hansen Bridge

The Julia Butler Hansen Bridge in Wahkiakum County, in the U.S. state of Washington, connects Cathlamet to Puget Island. It spans the Cathlamet Channel of the Columbia River. The Wahkiakum County Ferry connects Puget Island to Westport, Oregon. The bridge was named after former United States Congresswoman Julia Butler Hansen, who represented Washington from 1960 to 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18881892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881892" title="Salomea of Poland">
Salomea of Poland

Salomea of Poland (1211/1212 - 1268), also known as Salomea of Cracow or Blessed Salomea (), (1211–1268) was a Polish princess and from 1215 to 1219 the Queen of Halych by virtue of being the wife of Kálmán or Coloman of Lodomeria.
Salomea was the daughter of Leszek I the White who was Grand Duke of Cracow and thus the head ruler of Poland and his wife Grzymislawa of Luck (or Lutsk). Her marriage to Kálmán, who was the son of King András or Andrew II of Hungary, was negotiated when she was about three.
Since her mother had ancestral connections to the lands of Galicia and both her father and King Andrew wanted to dominate that area, this plan seemed to meet the needs of both parties. The marriage of Salomea and Kálmán, who was seven at the time, occurred in 1215. In 1219 their control in Galicia was ended and for a time they were taken as prisoners.
In 1245 she joined the Order of Poor Ladies. Salomea was considered saintly and it was at least said that she had preserved her chastity in marriage. She was in 1672 beatified by Pope Clement X. Her tomb is in Kraków (Cracow).

</doc>
<doc id="18881893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881893" title="Jimmy Elledge">
Jimmy Elledge

Jimmy Elledge (January 8, 1943 – June 10, 2012) was an American country musician.
Born in Nashville, Tennessee, Elledge sent a demo tape to Chet Atkins when he was 18 years old, which resulted in a recording contract with RCA Victor. His first recording for the label was "Funny How Time Slips Away", which was written by Willie Nelson and produced by Atkins. The song became a hit, peaking at No. 22 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1961, and sold over one million copies. Elledge recorded for Hickory Records later in the 1960s but never had another hit. Elledge died June 10, 2012, after complications following a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="18881903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881903" title="Hacı Zeynalabdin">
Hacı Zeynalabdin

Hacı Zeynalabdin (also, Hacı Zeynalabdin Tağiyev, Nasoslu, Nasosnaya, Nasosnyy, and Nassosny) is a village and municipality in Sumqayit, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 20,929. The place was named after Zeynalabdin Taghiyev.

</doc>
<doc id="18881906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881906" title="Dashtaog">
Dashtaog

Dashtaog (also, Dashtagog) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.
This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18881907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881907" title="Nervous system disease">
Nervous system disease

Nervous system disease refers to a general class of medical conditions affecting the nervous system.
They can be divided into:
The term neuropathy is sometimes defined to include any disorder of the nervous system. With this usage, the terms "nervous system disease" and "neuropathy" would be synonymous.

</doc>
<doc id="18881912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881912" title="California Valley Solar Ranch">
California Valley Solar Ranch

The California Valley Solar Ranch (CVSR) is a 250- megawatt (MW) solar photovoltaic power plant in the Carrizo Plain, northeast of California Valley. The project is owned by NRG Energy, and SunPower is the EPC contractor and technology provider.
The project is being constructed on of a site of former grazing land. It is utilizing high-efficiency, crystalline PV panels designed and manufactured by SunPower. The project will include up to 88,000 SunPower solar tracking devices to hold PV panels that will track the sun across the sky.
Project overview.
The project began construction in 2011, and began operation in 2012 with 22 MW completed. It will be fully operational by the end of 2013. 
"More than 360 workers" are on site to date. Once completed, "the California Valley Solar Ranch will power about 100,000 homes and will be one of the largest photovoltaic (PV) solar power plants in the world".
The project is being constructed on of a site of former grazing land. It is utilizing high-efficiency, crystalline PV panels designed and manufactured by SunPower. The project will include up to 88,000 SunPower solar tracking devices to hold PV panels that will track the sun across the sky. The project will deliver approximately 550 gigawatt-hours (GW·h) annually of renewable energy and will have a capacity of 250 MW. While the plant will only have a capacity factor of 25%, its power will be generated during the middle of the day, when demand for electricity — and price — is much higher than at night.
Power Purchase Agreement.
On August 14, 2008, Pacific Gas and Electric announced an agreement to buy all the power from the power plant.
A Conditional Use Permit application for the project was filed with the County of San Luis Obispo Planning and Building Department on January 14, 2009. 
On November 30, 2010, NRG Energy announced that it would buy CVSR from SunPower for "up to $450 million". 
In September 2011, the Department of Energy (DOE) offered NRG Solar a $1.237 billion loan from the federal government to cover most of the construction cost. 
The total cost of the project is estimated to be $1.6 billion. 
Environment.
The Carrizo Plain is home to 13 species listed as endangered either by the state or federal government, including the San Joaquin Kit Fox, Giant Kangaroo Rat, and the California Condor. SunPower has been working with the community to protect local wildlife habitat and migration patterns, and reduce the amount of traffic in the area during construction. The company recently announced a plan to create a reserve for Giant Kangaroo Rat in order to address concerns about habitat destruction.
33% mandate.
California utilities are mandated to get 33% of their energy from renewable sources by 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="18881913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881913" title="Lupton">
Lupton

Lupton may refer to:
Places.
In England:
In the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="18881920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881920" title="Western terrestrial garter snake">
Western terrestrial garter snake

The western terrestrial garter snake (Thamnophis elegans) is a western North American species of colubrid snake. Seven subspecies are currently recognized.
Geographic range.
It is found in southwestern Canada and the western United States.
Description.
Most western terrestrial garter snakes have a yellow, light orange, or white dorsal stripe, accompanied by two stripes of the same color, one on each side. Some varieties have red or black spots between the dorsal stripe and the side stripes. It is an immensely variable species, and even the most experienced herpetologists have trouble when it comes to identification. They are medium-sized snakes, usually 46–104 cm (18–41 in).
Like many species of North American garter snake, the Western terrestrial garter snake possesses a mildly venomous saliva. Specimens collected from Idaho and Washington produced venom with myonecrotic (muscle tissue-killing) effects when injected into the gastrocnemius muscles of mice. Several cases of mild human envenomation with local edema and other symptoms (but without any systemic symptoms) have occurred from the wandering garter snake subspecies, including in Colorado.
This species is the only garter snake species with a well-documented tendency to constrict prey, although the constriction is inefficient when compared with the constriction of many other snakes (such as the gopher snake), involving disorganized, loose, and sometimes unstable coils and a longer time required to kill prey. Snakes from Colorado populations of terrestrial garter snakes appear to be more efficient at killing their prey by constriction than those from Pacific Coast populations.
Habitat.
"Thamnophis elegans" often inhabits coniferous forests, is relatively aquatic, and is found at altitudes of up to 13,000 feet (3,962 metres).
Diet.
It will eat just about everything it can find, and is one of only two garter snakes known to cannibalize.
Reproduction.
The western terrestrial garter snake does not lay eggs, but instead is ovoviviparous, which is characteristic of natricine snakes. Broods of eight to 12 young are born in August and September.

</doc>
<doc id="18881926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881926" title="Trinity (Prototype album)">
Trinity (Prototype album)

Trinity is the debut album by American heavy metal band Prototype. The album was released in 2002 following up from their 1998 EP "Cloned". When the album was released in the U.S. in 2002 it was under the WWIII Music/AMC Label whereas it was released in Europe in 2004 under the Massacre Records label and featured two bonus tracks that were not on the American version.

</doc>
<doc id="18881954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881954" title="Bear Lodge National Forest">
Bear Lodge National Forest

Bear Lodge National Forest is a discontinued entity which has been absorbed into the Black Hills National Forest. It is located in the U.S. in the state of Wyoming, in the north central part of the American mainland between Seattle and Chicago. It was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Wyoming on July 1, 1911 with . The forest was named for Devils Tower or the "Bear Lodge". On July 1, 1908 the forest was combined with part of Black Hills National Forest to establish Sundance National Forest and the name was discontinued. The lands are presently included in Black Hills National Forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="18881966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881966" title="Matt Palmer">
Matt Palmer

Jonathan Matthew "Matt" Palmer (born March 21, 1979) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Seattle Mariners organization. He bats and throws right-handed. He attended Southwest Missouri State University.
Playing career.
San Francisco Giants.
Drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the 31st round of the 2002 Major League Baseball Draft, Palmer started his professional career strong by having a 1.83 ERA in 2002 with the Salem-Keizer Volcanoes. But Palmer spent three seasons in Double-A before earning a promotion to Triple-A Fresno in 2006. In 2007, Palmer pitched 150 innings for Fresno, recording an 11-8 record with a 4.32 ERA.
On August 14, 2008, Palmer was called up by the Giants. He made his Major League debut on August 16 against the Atlanta Braves. He started but only lasted 2.1 innings and allowed 6 earned runs. After making 3 starts, he was sent back to Triple-A and became a free agent at the end of the season. He was 0-2 in his 3 starts for the Giants with a 8.53 ERA.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
In December 2008, he signed a minor league contract with an invitation to spring training with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
In 2009, Palmer would come on as a fifth starter, as the Angels starting rotation struggled to overcome injuries and the death of rookie Nick Adenhart. Palmer made his Angels debut on April 23, 2009, earning the win after pitching six innings, giving up five runs on six hits, three walks, and one strikeout. He continued in the Angels starting rotation amassing a 7-1 record until he was moved to the bullpen on July 1, 2009 when Ervin Santana returned. He finished the season 11-2 with a 3.93 ERA. His elevated win and loss record is helped by the fact that the Angels lineup scored 7.47 runs per game and scored in double figures five times he pitched.
In 2010, Palmer was seen as a possible fifth starter after Angels ace John Lackey signed with the Boston Red Sox.
However, the signing of Joel Piñeiro diminished any chances of Palmer in the starting rotation, and he returned to the bullpen for the 2010 season.
In 3 seasons in the Angels organization, Palmer pitched in 57 games (17 as starter) with a 4.22 ERA and 13-5 record. He also spent substantial time with the AAA Salt Lake Bees.
San Diego Padres.
The San Diego Padres signed Palmer to a minor league contract on December 1, 2011. He appeared in 3 games for the Padres in the Majors and allowed 2 earned runs in 2 innings. He was also 6-9 with a 5.66 ERA in 20 starts for the AAA Tucson Padres.
Los Angeles Dodgers.
Palmer signed as a minor league free agent with the Los Angeles Dodgers on January 9, 2013. During spring training, he tore the medial meniscus in his left knee, ending any chance he had to make the Dodgers roster. He eventually joined the AAA Albuquerque Isotopes roster in late April. In 25 games (22 of which were starts), he was 6-8 with a 3.84 ERA.
Seattle Mariners.
Palmer signed a minor league deal with the Seattle Mariners in December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18881970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881970" title="Alma Trio">
Alma Trio

The Alma Trio was a classical piano trio established in 1942 at the "Alma Estate" of Yehudi Menuhin in Los Gatos, California.
Original members.
The original founding members of the Alma Trio were Roman Totenberg, violin; Gabor Rejto, cello; and Adolph Baller, piano. The members of the Trio had been encouraged by the famed artist, Yehudi Menuhin, to establish themselves as a professional piano trio. Adolph Baller had emigrated to the United States in 1938 with the sponsorship of Menuhin, following harrowing experiences at the hands of the Nazis in Austria and Germany. After arriving in the United States, Baller was a guest of Menuhin and became his regular collaborating pianist, as he had been earlier in Europe.
New violinists.
In 1953 Totenberg left the Trio and was replaced by Maurice Wilk, who remained their violinist for ten years until his sudden death in Fall 1963. A review in the New York Times, December 1, 1954, had this to say:
Violinist Andor Toth joined the Trio in the Spring of 1963. During the Fall of 1963, the Alma Trio made their first Russian tour. In a story related to this author, at the airport Rejto was informed of a new rule, that he would need a second ticket for his cello, and there were no remaining seats available. Faced with the impending cancellation of the tour, Rejto responded quickly, "But it is a bass balalaika." He was able to fly since that instrument was not listed by the airline
New pianist.
This membership of the Alma Trio (Toth, Rejto, Baller) continued until Baller's retirement in 1971, when pianist William Corbett Jones joined the Trio until it disbanded in 1976. From 1982 to 1986 the Trio resumed performing with Andor Toth, Gabor Rejto and Adolph Baller for a few concerts mainly in the northern California bay area. The original cellist "Gabby" Rejto died in 1987, and the original pianist "Usiu" Baller died in 1994. Andor Toth lived until 2006 when he died of a stroke in Los Angeles, California at age 81.
External links.
Discography.
The following Alma Trio recordings in LP format are cataloged by the Library of Congress. They are piano trios by Beethoven, Brahms, and Schubert. 

</doc>
<doc id="18881975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881975" title="Commission on Intergovernmental Relations">
Commission on Intergovernmental Relations

The Commission on Intergovernmental Relations (popularly known as the Kestnbaum Commission) was created by an act of the United States Congress on July 10, 1953, to make recommendations for the solution of problems involving federal and state governments. Its final report was issued on June 28, 1955.
At the time he made appointments to the Commission, President Eisenhower described it as "an historic undertaking: the elimination of frictions, duplications and waste from Federal-state relations; the clear definition of lines of Governmental authority in our nation; the increase in efficiency in a multitude of Governmental programs vital to the welfare of all Americans."
Controversy.
The original chairman, Clarence Manion, was asked to resign in February 1954 by the White House, apparently over his advocacy of the Bricker Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. He had also been criticized for frequent absences, and lecture tours attacking the Tennessee Valley Authority. Meyer Kestnbaum was appointed to replace him in April.
Dudley White, Ohio newspaper publisher, who had been appointed executive director for the commission, resigned in protest over Manion's ouster; Noah M. Mason also resigned from the Commission.
Commission members.
The commission had twenty-five members. Fifteen were appointed by President Dwight D. Eisenhower, five by the Speaker of the House, and five by the President of the Senate.
Presidential appointees:
U.S. Senate:
U.S. House:

</doc>
<doc id="18881979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881979" title="Algie Howell">
Algie Howell

Algie Thomas Howell, Jr. (born January 8, 1938) is an American politician. Since 2004 he has been a member of the Virginia House of Delegates representing the 90th district, made up of parts of the cities of Norfolk and Virginia Beach. He is a member of the Democratic Party. 
Howell has served on the House committees on Appropriations (2006–), Counties, Cities and Towns (2010–2012), General Laws (2004–2005), Health, Welfare and Institutions (2004–), Privileges and Elections (2010–), Rules (2013–), and Science and Technology (2004–2009).
Electoral history.
Howell first ran for the House of Delegates in 2003, when 90th district Republican Delegate Winsome Sears announced she would not seek a second term. Howell won the Democratic nomination in a May 31 caucus against 20-year House veteran William P. "Billy" Robinson, Jr., who had lost the seat to Sears in 2001. He was unopposed in the November general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18881980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881980" title="Sundance National Forest">
Sundance National Forest

Sundance National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Wyoming on July 1, 1908 with from part of Black Hills National Forest and all of Bear Lodge National Forest. On July 1, 1915 the entire forest was transferred to Black Hills National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18881996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18881996" title="Real Audiencia of Manila">
Real Audiencia of Manila

The Royal Audience of Manila () was the Real Audiencia of the Spanish East Indies, which included the modern-day Guam and the Philippines. Similar to Real Audiencias throughout the Spanish Empire, it was the highest tribunal within the territories of the Captaincy General of the Philippines, a dependency of the Viceroyalty of New Spain.
The Governor-General of the Philippines was appointed as its highest judge, although on many occasions his absence forced other members to rule the tribunal and assume temporary civilian and military powers.
History.
When the Real Audiencia of Manila was established, a justice system already existed that was similar to the judicial and administrative systems of Spain and Latin America. Although the powers and functions of the Royal Audience of Manila were basically the same as those exercised by the other Audiencias, several factors, such as the threat of naval attack by the Dutch and the British and the dependence of the colony on the commerce of China, called for a different approach.
The Royal Audience of Manila was created by Royal Decree by King Felipe II dated 5 May 1583, and established in 1584. In the Viceroyalty of New Spain, to which it belonged, it had been preceded by the Real Audiencia of Santo Domingo (1511), the Real Audiencia of Mexico (1527), the Real Audiencia of Panama (1538), the Real Audiencia of Guatemala (1543), and the Real Audiencia of Guadalajara (1548).
Law XI (Audiencia y Chancillería Real de Manila en las Filipinas) of Title XV (De las Audiencias y Chancillerias Reales de las Indias) of Book II of the "Recopilación de Leyes de las Indias" of 1680—which compiles the original decree and the one of May 25, 1596—describes the limits and functions of the Audiencia and its President.
In the city of Manila on the Island of Luzon, Head of the Philippines, shall reside another Royal Audiencia and Chancellery of ours, with a president, who shall be governor and captain general; four judges of civil cases ["oidores"], who will also be judges of criminal cases ["alcaldes del crimen"]; a crown attorney ["fiscal"]; a bailiff ["alguacil mayor"]; a lieutenant of the Gran Chancellor; and the other necessary ministers and officials; and which shall have for district said Island of Luzon, and the rest of the Philippines, the Archipelago of China, and its Mainland, discovered and to be discovered. And we order that the governor and captain general of said Islands and Provinces, and president of their Royal Audiencia, have exclusively the superior government of the entire district of said Audiencia in war and peace, and shall make provisions and favors in our Royal Name, which in conformity to the laws of this Compilation and the rest of the Kingdoms of Castile and the instructions and powers that We shall grant, he should and can do; and in gubernatorial matters and cases that shall arise, that are of importance, said president-governor should consult on them with the judges of said Audiencia, so that they give their consultive opinions, and having heard them, he should provide the most convenient to the service of God and ours and the peace and tranquility of said Province and Republic.
Santiago de Vera, sixth Spanish Governor-General of the Philippines, dissatisfied with the limits that the Audiencia imposed on his authority as a governor, dissolved the institution in 1590, and sent to Mexico all judges that composed the tribunal.
Governor-General Francisco Tello de Guzmán reestablished it in 1596.
Jurisdictions of the Audiencia.
Most of the laws dealing with the establishment of all 16th and 17th century Audiencias can be found in the "Recopilación de Leyes de los Reynos de las Indias" issued in 1680.
Civil Jurisdiction.
The Audiencia was given supervision over the administration of the estates of deceased persons. Special attention received the trials of cases involving states from native owners, and a provision was made that: "our said president and Oidores shall always take great care to be informed of the crimes and abuses which are committed against the Indians under our royal crown, or against those granted in encomiendas to other persons by the governors." The Audiencia was directed to exercise care that "the said Indians shall be better treated and instructed in our Holy Catholic Faith, as our free vassals." This was in conformance with the requirement to exercise great care in suits involving the local population, respecting their rites, customs, and practices to which they had always been accustomed. Appointed local government officials were ordered not to dispossess native chiefs of their rule or authority, and on the contrary, to appeal cases involving them without delay to the Audiencia, or to the visiting Oidor. The Audienciawas to devote two days a week to hearing suits to which Indians were parties. The fiscal, who acted as a prosecutor for the government and was the most important official directly connected with the tribunal, was also instructed to "take care to 
assist and favor poor Indians in the suits that they have, and to see that they are not oppressed, maltreated, or wronged."
Although it was commanded not to interfere with governors of provinces, it had the right, when charges had been made by private individuals, to conduct investigations on government officials. The Audiencia was also empowered to investigate the judges of provinces, and had the authority to try cases of appeal from local governors, town and city mayors, and other magistrates of the provinces; it also had jurisdiction over civil cases appealed from government officials of the city and original jurisdiction over all criminal cases arising within five leagues of the city of Manila.
Civil suits of sufficient importance could be appealed from the Audiencia to the Council of the Indies, that exercised supreme authority over all overseas territories, and acted as a last resort Supreme Court.
Government Jurisdiction.
The Audiencia exercised very pronounced authority over the services of public servants and government officials in the Philippines, and reported to the court all matters relative to the conduct, work, or attitude of any employee or official of the government. The Governor-General himself was forbidden to authorize extraordinary expenditures from the treasury without express royal permission, except in cases of riot or invasion.
Although the Governor-General had the right to make appointments in most departments of the government, except in the offices appointed directly by the Crown, the Audiencia imposed a very strict check on these appointments that was almost invariably a source of conflict throughout the history of the colonial government.
Oidores.
The president of the Audiencia was empowered to delegate on the (oidores) to investigate about the correct administration of government and justice in the provinces. They were to note the state of the towns and their needs, the means taken for the construction and preservation of public buildings. Oidores were also required to check on the condition of the natives on the encomiendas and make sure they were faithfully and efficiently instructed and not permitted to live in ignorance and idolatry. They also had to make reports on the state of the soil, the condition of the crops and harvests, extent of mineral wealth and timber, and just about everything that had to do with the general welfare. On these trips the Oidores were authorized to take such action as they deemed to be necessary.
Oidores were forbidden to receive any fees from or to act as advocates for any private person, and they could not hold income-yielding estates in arable land or cattle. Oidores were also forbidden to engage in business, either singly or in partnership, nor could they avail themselves of the services of the natives. Any person could bring suit against an Oidor. The Audiencia was forbidden to act alone in the selection of the Judges, and magistrates were forbidden to hear cases affecting themselves or their relatives. No relative of the President or of an Oidor could be appointed legally to a government post. Criminal charges against the oidores were to be tried by the Governor-General, with the assistance of government officials fit to judge on the case.
Military Jurisdiction.
The Audiencia did assume responsibility for the defense of the Philippines on many occasions, such as in 1607, when it maintained the defense of Manila and Cavite against the Dutch, or between 1762 and 1764, when Oidor Simón de Anda y Salazar assumed military power on behalf of the Audiencia, organizing and maintaining a defense against the British who had invaded Manila, a move that was later approved by the King of Spain.
The Audiencia also assumed temporary military powers during the governments of Pedro Bravo de Acuña, Juan de Silva, Juan Niño de Tabora, Sebastian Hurtado de Corcuera (1635-1644) and Diego Fajardo Chacón, as they were engaged in lengthy military expeditions outside Manila.
Juicio de Residencia.
Among the most frequently complaints made against the Governor-General and his military subordinates was their abuse of power. In order to make all military personnel accountable for their actions a Juicio de Residencia (Trial of residence) was held at the end of their terms (although it could be held at any time, if deemed necessary).
This judicial trial was conducted by a judicial official, and it combined the features of a general survey of the career of the official under investigation, an auditing of his accounts and a formal trial. Its purpose was to ascertain whether or not the official had faithfully executed his duties and it served to clear him if he was found to have acted honestly, giving him a clean certificate of recommendation. If he was found guilty of official misconduct, dishonesty or any other crimes, he was apprehended, degraded, and punished, according to his wrongdoings.
Edward Gaylord Bourne described the process as extremely harsh: "It was designed to provide a method by which officials could be held to strict accountability for all. acts during their term of office. ... To allow a contest in the courts involving the 
governor s powers during his term of office would be subversive of his authority. He was then to be kept in bounds by realizing that a day of judgment was impending, when everyone, even the poorest Indian, might in perfect security bring forward his accusation. In the Philippines the Residencia for a governor lasted six months and was conducted by his successor and all the charges made were forwarded to Spain." 
One of the most famous Residencia trials was that of Sebastián Hurtado de Corcuera, Governor-General from 1636 to 1644, who during his rule had managed to anger several personalities from the ecclesiastic, military and civilian hierarchies. Upon leaving office he had a particularly severe Juicio de Residencia after which he was sentenced to a prison term of which he served five years at Fort Santiago and made to pay a substantial fine.
Another Governor-General, Fausto Cruzat y Gongora, was convicted at the end of his term in 1701 for cheating on the native laborers. The Court concluded that “although the estimated cost of construction for the government house was 30,000 pesos, only 6,000 pesos were disbursed, the remainder representing what the natives contributed of their sweat and blood”, at a time when one peso was the equivalent of the yearly salary of a native galleon builder in Cavite and a house could be bought for twenty pesos.
Jose Basco y Vargas, who first came to the Philippines during the administration of Governor Pedro Manuel de Arandia, as Oidor of the Audiencia, was also made to endure a Juicio de Residencia with charges brought against him in 1764, during which a review was made of his acts while as an Oidor he continued resistance once Manila had fallen during the brief British occupation of Manila, in defiance of the orders of Archbishop Rojo. His actions were not only approved, but he was also awarded high honors and promotions. On November 19, 1769, he was granted an annual pension of 3000 pesos for life. Basco y Vargas later went on to became the 44th Governor of the Philippines, ruling from 1778 until 1787.
Ecclesiastic Jurisdiction.
The Audiencia exercised both executive and judicial powers over the Church. The tribunal ruled over disputes between orders, between the government and the Church or any of its representatives, over cases relating to land titles, over abuses against the natives by representatives of the Church, and over cases involving the Jus patronatus. However the Audiencia was ordered to exercise its mandate without harming the rights and prerogatives of the church and to assist the prelates on all occasions when they petitioned for aid from the Spanish Crown.
Some other ecclesiastical affairs could also claim the attention of the Audiencia, such as the supervision over the assignment of benefices, and especially with the settlement of the property and estates of Bishops and Archbishops who had died in the Philippines.
Educational Jurisdiction.
The Audiencia of Manila also exercised its authority over the colleges and universities. Therefore Oidores and fiscals were automatically excluded as candidates rectories. Instead, they were to make sure that the level of education in the universities, colleges and seminaries was up to approved standards, and that candidates for the licentiate did deserve the degree.
As early as 1585 the Jesuits had requested to establish a college in Manila, but although the Audiencia reported satisfactorily on the work of the Jesuit order, it concluded that there was no need to finance such a costly enterprise, granting only permission to establish the college of San Jose in 1601, that managed to maintain itself without royal aid until 1767. in 1648 the Jesuits asked again the Audiencia for the right to grant academic degrees at the newly upgraded University of Santo Tomas, and again their request was denied by the tribunal. However the Audiencia's ruling was overturned by the Council of the Indies in 1653. In 1769, after the expulsion of the Jesuits, the Audiencia tried for a time to administer San Jose, but a cedula was issued ordering to close down the college and transfer all existing students over to secular colleges and seminaries. The Audiencia then reported to the Council of the Indies on the transaction details that involved revenues derived from Jesuit properties, whose income was remitted to the Royal Treasury. The Archbishop of Manila tried to obtain the administration over all those properties and revenues, but it was stopped by the Audiencia. The Crown sustained the Audiencia's measures and forbade the prelate from trying to appropriate any of these assets.
District Audiencias.
In 1893 two District Audiencias were established, one in Cebu and the other in Vigan. They were subordinated to Manila and only had jurisdiction over criminal cases on appeal.

</doc>
<doc id="18882008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882008" title="Jerzy Sosnowski">
Jerzy Sosnowski

Jerzy Ksawery Franciszek Sosnowski (December 3 or 4, 1896 in Lwow – 1942, 1944 or 1945 in Poland or the Soviet Union) was a major of the Second Department of the General Headquarters of the Polish Army (called "Dwójka") and a Polish spy in Weimar Germany (1926–1934), using pseudonyms "Georg von Nalecz-Sosnowski" and "Ritter von Nalecz". In the Soviet Union, he was known as "Jurek Sosnowski", some sources present his name as "Stanislaw Sosnowski".
Early days.
Sosnowski was born into a well-off family; his father was an engineer, owner of a construction company in Lwow, which then belonged to Austria-Hungary. In August 1914, he joined the Polish 1st Legions Infantry Division, and late in the same year, he was transferred to the cavalry officers’ academy in Holitz. After graduation, he was sent to the Eastern Front, later completed the machine gunner course, and in March 1918 - an aviation course in Wiener Neustadt’s renowned Theresian Military Academy.
After Poland regained independence in the fall of 1918, Sosnowski joined the newly created Polish Army. He fought with distinction in the Polish Soviet War, as a soldier of the 8th Uhlan Regiment of Prince Jozef Poniatowski. Promoted to the Rotmistrz, he became commandant of a horse squadron of the 8th Regiment. Sosnowski was an excellent cavalry rider, taking part in international tournaments in such places as Paris and Berlin.
Intelligence activities.
In 1926 Sosnowski, following advice of his friend, captain Marian Chodacki, became a member of the Second Department of the General Headquarters, which was responsible for military intelligence as well as espionage activities (see: History of Polish intelligence services). After completing a course, he was sent to Berlin, becoming director of the "In-3" office of Polish intelligence.
Upon arriving in German capital, Sosnowski presented himself as a Polish Baron "Ritter von Nalecz", who deeply disliked Jozef Pilsudski and wanted to closely cooperate with Germany. Furthermore, he was presenting himself as a rabid anticommunist, member of a secret antibolshevik military organization.
The young and handsome "Baron" quickly became popular among Berlin’s social circles and started an affair with Baroness Benita von Falkenhayn, a relative of Erich von Falkenhayn, former Chief of the General Staff of the German Imperial Army. In December 1926, he talked her into cooperating with Polish intelligence, as she, owing to her connections, had a detailed knowledge of the German General Staff.
Soon afterwards, Sosnowski managed to gain services of Günther Rudloff, officer of the Abwehr’s Berlin’s branch. Rudloff agreed to cooperate, because he had owed a significant amount of money to the Pole.
Sosnowski’s quick successes raised temporary suspicion among officers of the Second Department of the General Headquarters in Warsaw. However, his next movements were even more impressive and convinced Polish headquarters of his professionalism. Agents working for the Polish spy included Irene von Jena of the Reichswehr’s headquarters ("Reichswehrministerium") as well as Renate von Natzmer from the same office. As von Jena hated Poles, Sosnowski at first presented himself as a British journalist named Graves. Later, he revealed his real identity to her. Additional agents were Lotta von Lemmel and Isabelle von Tauscher, both of whom worked in the headquarters of the Reichswehr. Some of these women, including von Falkenhayn and von Natzmer, were also his lovers.
All agents supplied the Poles with very useful documentation. In 1929 Sosnowski, with help from Renate von Natzmer, acquired a copy of a war game against Poland, called "Organisation Kriegsspiel". He demanded 40 000 German marks for the document, but his superiors from Warsaw refused to pay so much, thinking that information provided by Sosnowski was in fact German disinformation, and Sosnowski himself had made a secret deal with von Natzmer. Ritter von Nalecz cut the price by half and finally, he sent all documents to Warsaw for free. Nevertheless, the Poles did not take advantage of these documents.
It is estimated that until 1934, the "In-3" office, headed by Sosnowski and with a support base located at Polish embassy in Berlin, was the best of all foreign branches of Polish intelligence. At the same time, its activities were regarded as very expensive, costing around 2 million zlotys.
Arrest and return to Poland.
In the fall of 1933, the Abwehr found out about the Polish network of agents, probably due to the treachery of Lieutenant Jozef Gryf-Czajkowski, who was a double agent and who had previously held Sosnowski’s post in Berlin. Also, a German actress Maria Kruse, another of Sosnowski’s lovers, helped the Abwehr with the operation.
Sosnowski was arrested by the Gestapo on February 27, 1934, during a party in an apartment at 36 Lützowufer Street. Within a few days, more people were incarcerated, including Benita von Falkenhayn, Renate von Natzmer, and Irene von Jena. Günther Rudloff managed to avoid arrest, as he claimed that due to cooperation with the Pole, he managed to get useful intelligence information. The Nazis found out about Rudloff's activities later, and facing the death sentence, he committed suicide on July 7, 1941.
The process began in February 1935. On the 16th of the same month, von Falkenhayn and von Natzmer were sentenced to death and later beheaded, while Sosnowski with von Jena were sentenced to life imprisonment. Sosnowski himself was shocked at the deaths of his mistresses, as he was quoted in Time, in the August 17, 1936 issue: "I am haunted by the deaths of those women. Until I was released in an exchange of prisoners I had seen no human face for 14 months. My food was lowered to me by guards from a trap door. The tragic deaths of those two - my former associates - haunt me night & day and I can only attempt to gain peace through prayer for their souls". According to some sources, Benita von Falkenhayn wanted to marry Sosnowski, and thus save her life by obtaining a Polish passport, but Adolf Hitler thwarted this attempt.
The agent was released in April 1936, when he was exchanged for three German spies, caught in Poland. As Polish headquarters had always been suspicious of Sosnowski and his astonishing successes, he was accused of fraud and high treason and put under house arrest. His trial started on March 29, 1938, in the Military District Court in Warsaw. Sosnowski denied all charges, but on June 17, 1939, he was found guilty of treason and cooperation with Germany and sentenced to 15 years as well as a fine of 200 000 zlotys fine. He wanted to appeal against the decision, but the outbreak of World War II made it impossible .
World War two.
The further fate of Sosnowski is difficult to establish. According to one report, he was evacuated east from prison in early September 1939, and was shot by the prison guards on September 16 or 17, near Brzesc nad Bugiem or Jaremcze.
Another report states that Sosnowski was indeed shot, but survived and later was captured by the NKVD. He was arrested on November 2, 1939, and by order of Pavel Sudoplatov, transported to the Lubyanka prison in Moscow. There, after talks with officers of Soviet intelligence, he decided to cooperate with them. He allegedly worked as an expert on Polish and German affairs, and among others, he reportedly participated in interrogations of General Mieczysław Boruta-Spiechowicz.
After the outbreak of German-Soviet War, Sosnowski, who had become an NKVD agent, taught at an espionage school in Saratov, where in 1943 he was promoted to the rank of colonel. In the same year he allegedly was transferred to German-occupied Poland, where he cooperated with the communist People’s Army. Allegedly, in September 1944, during the Warsaw Uprising, he found himself in Warsaw, where he probably died. Ivan Serov maintained that Sosnowski was executed by the Home Army in 1944, however, Pavel Sudoplatov stated in 1958, that Sosnowski was executed in 1945 by order of Nikita Khrushchev. Some Russian sources claim that he died in 1942 in Saratov, during a hunger strike.

</doc>
<doc id="18882012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882012" title="MORM syndrome">
MORM syndrome

MORM syndrome is an autosomal recessive congenital disorder characterized by mental retardation, truncal obesity, retinal dystrophy, and micropenis".
It is associated with INPP5E.

</doc>
<doc id="18882035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882035" title="Monaco–Russia relations">
Monaco–Russia relations

Monaco–Russia relations (, ) is the bilateral relationship between the Principality of Monaco and the Russian Federation.
History.
Relations between the two countries date back to the reigns of Prince Charles III of Monaco and Tsar Alexander II of the Russian Empire. During this period the two nations signed numerous treaties and agreements, including the extradition of criminals, mutual legal assistance, recognition of the civil status of people and for medical aid. After the establishment of the Order of Saint-Charles in Monaco in 1858, Tsar Alexander II became the first member of a royal family to be bestowed the Monegasque award. In 1877, Charles III appointed Chevalier Jean Plancher as the Monegasque Consul in Saint Petersburg.
Following the Russian Revolution of 1917 relations between the two states were suspended. Prior to the admittance of Monaco into the United Nations in 1993, the establishment of diplomatic relations with the Soviet Union was not a priority, however the two states maintained contacts via the Soviet Embassy in Paris and the Embassy of France in Moscow.
Russian Federation relations.
Diplomatic relations.
Monaco and the Russian Federation established consular relations in July 1996. In 2002, Prince Rainier III appointed Nikolai Orlov as Monaco's honorary consulate in Saint Petersburg, and Albert II travelled to the city to open the honorary consulate on 31 July 2003. On 13 April 2006, Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a presidential decree directing the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs to begin negotiations with their Monegasque counterparts with a view to establishing full diplomatic relations between the two states. Diplomatic relations between the two states were established on 11 July 2006 after the exchange of notes between the Russian and Monegasque embassies in Paris. On 16 March 2007, Alexander Avdeyev was appointed as Russian Ambassador to Monaco, in concurrence with his posting as Ambassador of Russia to France. Diplomatic relations between the two states were established on 10 April 2007.
The current Ambassador of Russia to Monaco is Alexander Orlov, who was appointed by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 1 December 2008. Orlov, who is resident in Paris, presented his credentials to Albert II, Prince of Monaco on 24 March 2009 at the Prince's Palace of Monaco. The current Ambassador of Monaco to Russia is Claude Giordan, with residence in Berlin, who presented his credentials to Russian Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Vladimir Titov in Moscow on 12 June 2009.
Political relations.
On 12 August 2007, Russian President Vladimir Putin hosted Albert II at Peterhof in Saint Petersburg, where Putin thanked the Monegasque Prince for his support for Russia's successful bid for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi on the Black Sea. In what was seen as a sign of Putin's gratitude, the following day the two leaders travelled to Tuva in Central Asia. Whilst in Tuva, the two leaders visited the Por-Bazhyn fortress where an archaeological dig was underway, and went on a rafting and fishing trip on the Yenisei River. During the trip, Albert was presented with two Baikal seals from Alexander Tishanin, the Governor of Irkutsk Oblast, which were later placed in a home at Monaco's Oceanographic Museum.
According to a former adviser to Albert II, in a sign of the increasing friendship between Putin and Albert II, Russian officials sent a team of builders to Monaco in 2008 to erect a three-bedroom dacha in the garden of Albert's estate, located in the hills behind Monte Carlo.
Economic relations.
Monaco's status as a tax haven has turned the principality into a favourite playground for rich Russians. There are currently four Russian enterprises doing business on the territory of Monaco.
Trade relations.
Trade turnover between the two nations is nominal, reaching approximately €1 million per year. Russian exports to Monaco are food products, optical instruments and devices, and clocks and watches. Monegasque exports to Russia are food products, clothing, automobiles and perfumery products.
Cultural relations.
Cultural relations between Monaco and Russia date back to the beginning of the twentieth century. Between 1911 and 1929 Sergei Diaghilev's "Ballets Russes" was staged in Monaco. To mark the centenary of Ballets Russes performances in Monaco, in 2009/2010, the Monte-Carlo Philharmonic Orchestra will stage concerts marking the works of Diaghilev, which include performances of "Petrushka", "Le sacre du printemps", "Daphnis et Chloé", Shéhérazade" and L'oiseau de Feu. The Louis Notari Library will also have an exhibition on Diaghilev and his troupe.
Since the dissolution of the Soviet Union various famous Russian cultural organisations have toured to Monaco, including the Bolshoi Ballet, Mariinsky Ballet, Red Army Choir and Dance Ensemble, amongst others.

</doc>
<doc id="18882039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882039" title="Bear River National Forest">
Bear River National Forest

Bear River National Forest was established as the Bear River Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in Utah on May 28, 1906 with by combining the Logan Forest Reserve with other lands. On March 4, 1907 it became a National Forest. On July 1, 1908 part of the forest was combined with Pocatello National Forest and the remainder was used to establish Cache National Forest. The name was discontinued. The lands are presently included in Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882047" title="Vinegar Hill-Indian Rock Scenic Area">
Vinegar Hill-Indian Rock Scenic Area

The Vinegar Hill-Indian Rock Scenic Area is a high-elevation scenic area in the northeast portion of the Malheur National Forest. It provides vistas of the North Fork John Day Wilderness, the Middle and North Fork drainages of the John Day River, and the peaks of the Strawberry Mountain Wilderness to the south. Many species of alpine wildflower found west of the Rocky Mountains grow in the area. Big game species and upland game birds are common. The area's rich geologic past means a variety of rock formations including basalt, rhyolite, granite, and shales can be seen here. The area has a history of mining, and active and decaying remains of mines can be seen. Motor vehicles are prohibited, except during winter when snowmobiles are allowed.
A portion of the Vinegar Hill-Indian Rock Scenic Area lies within the Desolation Watershed.

</doc>
<doc id="18882064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882064" title="Logan Forest Reserve">
Logan Forest Reserve

The Logan Forest Reserve was established by the General Land Office in Utah on May 29, 1903 with . In 1905 federal forests were transferred to the U.S. Forest Service. On May 28, 1906 the forest was combined with other lands to establish Bear River Forest Reserve and the name was discontinued. The lands are presently included in Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882067" title="Peter López">
Peter López

Peter López Santos (born September 23, 1981) is a Peruvian taekwondo fighter. He is most recognized for being a top international featherweight athlete for the Peruvian Taekwondo Team at present.
Biography.
López was born in Irvine, California, in the United States, but aged five his family returned to live in Surquillo (Lima, Peru) for a few years.
It was in Peru that López started his first taekwondo class with his dad, who would later become his coach during the early years of his career as an athlete.
Eventually the family López returned to the U.S, where he began to compete very successfully, winning: 1998 Youth World Champion, Champion in the older category in 2001, bronze medal of the World Cup 2002, silver medal at the 2002 Pan American Championships and bronze medal at the 2003 World Championship, among others.
In 2004, the Peruvian Taekwondo Federation invited López to lead a training course. It was at this time that he decided to represent Peru. Despite this, the club Elite, Texas, continues to support him. "It's like my family," he once said.
According to the Peruvian Olympic Committee, of the 15 athletes who participated in the 2008 Beijing Olympics, López was the one that had the greatest chance of winning a medal in the 'feather' category (up to 68 kilos). López won his first two matches against Burak Hasan from Australia and Isah Adam Muhammad from Nigeria before losing the semifinal matches against the American Mark Lopez. He would then dispute the bronze medal match against Servet Tazegül from Turkey where he lost by one point.
In 2011, he competed at the 2011 Pan American Games where he would also represent Peru in the 68 kilos category. He did not advance from the quarterfinals.
Lopez represented Peru at the 2012 London Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18882070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882070" title="Aquatic garter snake">
Aquatic garter snake

The aquatic garter snake, Thamnophis atratus, is a species of colubrid snake. Three subspecies are currently recognized.
Geographic range.
It is found exclusively along the coast of Oregon and California.
Description.
"Thamnophis atratus" grows up to 18-40 inches (46–102 cm) long. Its dorsal coloration varies greatly. The different coloration patterns are: pale gray with alternating rows of darker blotches on the sides, dark brown with borders that are less distinct, or nearly all black. A long yellow stripe running down the back may be present or absent, only confined to the neck, or just very indistinct. The throat and underside of the snake are whitish to yellow. 
One variety of this snake has a blue-gray background color with a faint olive-colored dorsal stripe and white dots along its sides. Another morph has a yellow dorsal stripe with black spots along its sides. The second variation has the more classic garter snake look; however, due to its behavior and scalation, it is grouped in this species.
Habitat.
It can most commonly be found on the edges of bushlands, woodlands, grasslands, and forests near ponds, marshes, streams and lakes.
Behavior.
When feeling threatened this snake will seek shelter in a nearby water source. Occasionally, while the snake is hunting for food in a stream, it will flick its tongue above the water to mimic an insect that a small fish would usually eat, thus luring the prey into its mouth.
Reproduction.
The aquatic garter snake bears live young. Broods consist of three to 12 young.

</doc>
<doc id="18882087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882087" title="Carly Snyder">
Carly Snyder

Carly Snyder (née Tenney; formerly Lowe, Munson and Dixon) is a fictional character from the CBS soap opera "As the World Turns". The character was originated in 1995 by actress Maura West, who appeared from March 1995 to May 1996, and from September 1997 until the series finale on September 17, 2010.
The character's history on the show has mostly revolved around her multiple relationships and children; most notably being half of a super couple duo on "As the World Turns" with Jack Snyder (Michael Park).
Storylines.
1995–96.
Carly Tenney is the daughter of Ray Tenney and Sheila Washburn. Carly originally came to town in search of her "cousin" Rosanna Cabot and the Cabot fortune. When Carly was little, Sheila abandoned her, married Alexander Cabot and gave birth to Rosanna. Ray married Sheila's sister, Lee, and raised Carly as her own daughter.
Carly had a one night stand with a man she met in a bar soon after arriving in town, whom she later learned was Michael "Mike" Kasnoff, Rosanna's fiancé. Carly tried everything she could to destroy their relationship. After Mike and Rosanna's wedding was called off, he and Carly slept together again and she became pregnant. Mike and Rosanna reconciled but Carly used the pregnancy to get closer to Mike. Rosanna became jealous of Carly and offered to buy Carly's baby. Carly at first refused but later used the offer in another attempt to end Mike and Rosanna's relationship. During a confrontation with Rosanna, Carly fell and went into premature labor. She gave birth to a stillborn, who she named Nora Kasnoff. Carly left to go to Hong Kong.
1997–2010.
Once she was back in Oakdale, Carly met Brad Snyder. She fell in love with Brad's brother, Jack. Her sister Rosanna agreed to provide Carly's child with a 50 million dollar trust fund if she would have the baby with a man to whom she was married (who was not Mike). Growing impatient, she later gave Carly a deadline: midnight the end of 1998. Unfortunately for Carly, the deadline was given in the late winter of 1998, giving her little time to get pregnant. She wanted to have Jack's baby, but he was injured in the line of duty and could not have sex. Deciding that the money was more important than her love for Jack (or feeling she could get him back later), she seduced Hal Munson. After they married, she was unsure whether she was pregnant, so as the end of March neared, Carly got desperate and enlisted John Dixon to inseminate her. In the meantime, Carly continued to pine for Jack, and Hal sensed this, leading to their divorce. Soon after, she found that her due date was in January, indicating that John was the likely father and not Hal. So she quickly married John so fulfill Rosanna's terms. As 1999 loomed, Carly decided to induce labor early to ensure her trust fund, but John refused to risk the baby's safety since the plan was for him to raise the child when it was born. However, when Carly felt a contraction in her 8th month, she had a change of heart and decided that she was keeping this child, money or no money. Not long after, fate intervened and miraculously, Jack delivered Carly's baby boy on New Year's Eve—mere minutes before the deadline. John named the baby Parker after his mother's maiden name.
Brad found out from Molly Conlon that Hal Munson was the baby's true father and he used this information to blackmail Carly into marrying him. Once Carly found out, she demanded a divorce (believing Rosanna would still give her the trust fund). Brad agreed to the divorce when Carly promised to pay him five million dollars to sign the divorce papers. Brad just had one request, and that was Carly had to sleep with him one time. Reluctantly Carly agreed. When Carly went to collect her money from Rosanna, she refused to give Carly a dime. Brad was furious at Carly and wanted his money, or revenge. Brad made a public announcement at Hal and Barbara Munson's wedding that Hal was the father to Carly's baby. Jack was mad at Carly for putting herself in this predicament. When things cooled down and Jack wasn't so mad at Carly, they started getting closer. They eventually fell in love. 
Carly became a well-known fashion designer. She was always in competition with Barbara Ryan, who owned her own line of clothing. Carly was offered a temporary position to substitute for Barbara when Barbara was hurt in an explosion. Paul, Barbara's son, wanted to keep this a secret from his mother so she wouldn't get mad. Barbara found out and was furious. She had Carly, Emily Stewart and Rose D'Angelo kidnapped and taken out of the country, with the help of James Stenbeck. While kidnapped, the women were injected with a serum that would age them very quickly. When Carly was found, she couldn't bear to let anyone look at her. She refused to let Jack love her, and didn't want him to feel obligated to be with her. She also thought that Jack would eventually get tired of looking at her and leave her, but she was wrong. Jack vowed to stay by her side, no matter what. They finally came up with another serum that reversed the effects, and Carly was back to normal. 
Carly and Jack stayed together and got married, but tragedy was just around the corner for the happy couple. One day, Jack was escorting a prisoner back to the Oakdale police department when the car went off a bridge. Jack was never found, but Carly never gave up on him. When everyone was moving on with their lives, Carly, with the help of Parker, decided to find him. Her gut feeling was right. Jack was indeed alive. He was suffering from amnesia. A nurse who took care of him in the hospital brought him to her home, fell in love with him and they married, but it wasn't a legal marriage because he was still married to Carly. After taking him to court, Carly had Jack court ordered to live with her and the kids until one day he got his memory back and realized that he was in love with Carly. For a while, Jack was torn between Carly and Julia. He finally made his decision to stay married to the love of his life, Carly. Julia was hurt but she moved on. Unfortunately, Julia was murdered by her ex-husband. With his mother dead and his dad in prison, Julia's little boy, JJ was awarded to Jack and Carly. 
Through the years, Carly has been in and out of love with Jack. Just when Jack took her back, Carly did something behind his back that had him mad at her again. After years of fighting with Carly, Jack finally left her, maybe for good. Saddened over the breakup, Carly eventually decided to move on with her life and accept the fact that Jack would not return. She fell in love with Simon Frasier, who had hired her to design. Carly liked his wild spirit because it reminded her of herself. Unfortunately, Simon and Carly got in trouble with a diamond that was stolen from a prince. This time, Jack couldn't get her out of this mess. She ended up running from the law, and Jack. She left behind a wonderful life that she had worked so hard to establish, and three wonderful children.
When Carly returned to Oakdale, she set about making Jack see they were meant to be together but he was already involved with Katie Peretti. JJ was kidnapped by associates of Julia and Carly managed to follow Jack all over the country to find him. Together, they rescued JJ but Jack would still not consider a reconciliation. As his wedding to Katie neared, Carly began having headaches and passing out but she kept her symptoms to herself. Brad eventually discovered what was going on and convinced her to see a doctor. Carly was diagnosed with brain lesions and told she had only a few weeks to live.
She swore Brad to secrecy but Brad kept pressing her to come forward. He eventually spilled the beans to Jack who moved back in with Carly, even though he had just married Katie, for the kids' sake. Soon after, Carly learned she had been misdiagnosed and wasn't dying but again persuaded Brad to keep the secret so that she could truly win Jack's heart. Brad, in love with Katie, agreed but it became very hard for him to keep the secret. Carly convinced Jack to come away with her to Montana and they had sympathy sex. Brad couldn't believe it when she told him. Soon after, Katie realized the truth and decided to leave Jack. Carly begged Brad to keep quiet and then proposed to Jack herself. He accepted, again for the kids' sake.
Katie figured out what was really going on and on their wedding day went to the church. She couldn't out Carly, though, and left. At the altar, Carly had an epiphany and decided to tell Jack the truth. He left her on the spot. Still not over him, she tried several times to make her see that he truly loved her but Jack wouldn't admit it.
With Jack presenting a stony front and Lily out of town, Carly had no one to turn to except Holden. They became sympathetic friends, each trying to get over their exes. Soon their friendship grew and they began having an affair. Not wanting to ruin the one good relationship she had left - her friendship with Lily - Carly called a halt to the affair but Holden was too deeply involved. He told Lily the truth and she left him. Lily placed all the blame on Carly; still Carly would not consider entering into a real relationship with Holden. They finally broke things off for good when Holden and Lily decided to try again after Ethan's accident at the Snyder Farm Project. Carly couldn't understand why no one would forgive her part in the affair. 
After this, she became fairly depressed. She had lost Jack to another woman and couldn't handle it. She began drinking to help fix her problems. Her son, Parker, and Craig Montgomery were the only ones that notice her problems. After a while she agreed to marry Craig, and he was trying to help her with her problem.
Her sister Rosanna came back to town and Carly and Craig lied to her about her alcoholism problem, as they were planning their wedding. After an intervention staged by her family, Carly finally agreed to go to rehab. Then Carly wrote a letter to Sage. She returns from rehab for Brad's funeral and she reveals she has become sober. She is happy to see Craig but then learns that he and Rosanna are having an affair and they break up. Then Craig and Rosanna planned to marry but she leaves him at the altar after realizing he still has feelings for Carly, and she flees to Germany. When Jack and Janet separate, he and Carly grow close once again and when she learns that Janet slept with Dusty she plots to break them up. On September 15, 2010, Jack and Carly re-marry, but while coming home after their wedding, they find Jack's ex-wife, Janet in labor so, Jack and Carly help deliver Janet's child. On September 16, 2010, Carly received news that she was pregnant. By current tense, Carly would have given birth to her child accordingly if the pregnancy was a success.

</doc>
<doc id="18882098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882098" title="R.R. Moton High School">
R.R. Moton High School

R. R. Moton High School was built in 1939 by Prince Edward County, Virginia for African-American children, in the colonial-revival style common to school buildings in that era. It replaced several smaller one-room schools scattered around the County.
Institutional history.
Establishment.
It had six classrooms and an office arranged around a central auditorium. It had no cafeteria or restrooms for teachers. Built to handle 180 students, already by the 1940s it struggled to hold 450; the County built long temporary buildings to house the overflow. Covered with roofing material, they were called the "tar-paper shacks." In 1953, a new county high school for Negroes was built, and R. R. Moton became an elementary school. 
1951 school walkout.
On April 23, 1951, a group of Moton High School students walked out of their school and into history.
To protest the overcrowded and inferior facilities at their school, 16-year-old Barbara Johns (niece of civil rights pioneer Reverend Vernon Johns) organized and led a two-week strike, during which students refused to attend classes. The students called upon lawyers from the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), including Oliver W. Hill, to help them in their struggle for equal educational opportunities.
The NAACP agreed to take the Prince Edward case on the condition that students and their parents would sue to desegregate the schools, rather than just equalize them. Moton students and their parents agreed, and the case Davis v. County School Board of Prince Edward County advanced to the Supreme Court, along with four other cases that challenged segregation in public education.
In May 1954, the Supreme Court would decide these five cases in Brown v. Board of Education, which declared segregation in public education unconstitutional.
Although a constitutional victory had been won, implementation of the Brown decision involved decades of struggle. The state of Virginia imposed a policy of “massive resistance” that would effectively delay school desegregation until the 1960s.
Closure.
In 1959, under federal court order to desegregate its schools, the Prince Edward County Board of Supervisors voted not to fund the schools, causing them to close. 
The school closings dramatically affected lives. Teachers lost their jobs. Families sent their children away to attend school. Many children simply did not go to school. Led by Rev. L. Francis Griffin of First Baptist Church, the locked-out students chose to demand their constitutional right to public education. It would be five years before public schools in Prince Edward County re-opened, after another Supreme Court ruling in "Griffin v. County School Board," in 1964.
When the schools were closed in 1959, it housed a Free School sponsored by organizations from around the country. After schools reopened, it continued to be used as an elementary school until it was closed in 1993 after 56 years of service. 
Museum.
At the time of the school's final closure, the Martha E. Forrester Council of Women launched a movement to preserve it as a memorial to the struggle for civil rights in education. In 1998, R. R. Moton School was declared a National Historic Landmark.
Today Moton School stands as a stirring reminder of the struggle for Civil Rights in Education.Yet even more than a monument to the past, the Robert Russa Moton Museum stands as a monument to a community moving from a divided past into a common future. A 1994 New York Newsday report commended Prince Edward County as the only area involved in the Brown decision to desegregate its schools successfully and peacefully.
The Robert Russa Moton Museum serves as a Center for the Study of Civil Rights in Education, providing programs to explore the history of desegregation in education and to promote dialogue about community relations.
The Moton Museum is also an anchor site of the Civil Rights in Education Heritage Trail. The trail contains 41 sites across southside Virginia which depict the broadening of educational opportunities.
The museum houses exhibits containing Moton High School memorabilia, artifacts of the Civil Rights Movement, and oral histories of former teachers and students who recall their experiences of the student walkout and the school closings. Docents are available to give guided tours of the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18882131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882131" title="Knox College, Jamaica">
Knox College, Jamaica

Knox College is a coeducational high school in Clarendon, Jamaica for both day pupils and boarders. Founded in 1947, it occupies about of land. The school is named after John Knox.
The complex is administered by a Board of Trustees appointed by the United Church. Each school operates under its own principal and board of management, nominated by the church and established by the Ministry of Education.
Co-Founders of the complex of schools are Rev. Lewis Davidson – First Principal and Mr. David Bent-First Bursar and Builder. Other pioneers of the school include workers such as Mr. Leo Jones, Mr. Louis Byles, Mrs. Gloria Swaby, Mr. Richard Clarage, Mr. George Scott, Dr. Barbara Jones and Mrs. Helen Stills.
Knox College is a grant-aided secondary institution. It remains today as the only secondary co-educational boarding school in Jamaica. Most students come from the surrounding districts and towns. However, a significant number of students are from other parishes throughout the island.
With seven grades (7-13) and up to seven streams, Knox College takes in approximately 300 students each year.
The Curriculum.
The broad-based curriculum is geared at equipping students for life. All students sit the Caribbean Examination Council (CXC) examinations at the end of the grade eleven year. The course work for these examinations begins in the ninth grade for all students. English Language, English Literature and Mathematics are compulsory.
Work Programme.
The Student service work programme initiated in 1968 continues as an integral part of the course, providing invaluable learning opportunities for students.Seniors are required to complete at least fifty hours of an assignment in the work programme under the supervision of their teachers. This programme is geared at building effective work ethics, and providing work experience, as students are selected to work in a department that complements their career choice.
Student Leadership.
The purpose of the Students Council and Prefect Council is to enhance the involvement of students in their education while developing their skills in decision-making and leadership.
Students choose their own student council representatives. From the pool of elected representatives, teachers and students select a president and vice-president in a democratic election process. The academic staff selects the prefect body based on positive leadership qualities, academic performance and attitudes. From the complement of prefects, the head boy and head girl are selected.
Extra Curricular Activities.
In extra curricular activities, the school participates in a number of national and regional competitions, often receiving awards. Among these are Science competitions, Spanish competitions Literacy, Visual and Performing Arts competitions, the Junior Achievement and 4H competitions.
Knox College has some thirty active clubs and societies. These bodies provide important opportunities for students to enrich their education and experiences outside the normal classroom sessions. These cater for a wide variety of interests and include athletic, creative, intellectual, recreational and spiritual activities. Students are encouraged to be actively involved in at least one club.
Some of the current clubs and societies include:
Cadets,
Drama,
Inter School Christian Fellowship,
Junior Achievement,
4H,
Literary & Debating,
Music,
Rangers/Guides,
Science And Technology,
Schools’ Challenge Quiz,
Spanish,
Speech,
Tourism Action,
Red Cross,
Girls Brigade,
Male Empowerment Fraternity,
Journalism Club,
Sign Language Club,
Information Technology Club,
Duke Of Edin Burgh,
Environmentalist Club,
Passion and Purity
Sports.
Knox College has particular interest in the sports of: 
Knox College has also enjoyed major success in the sporting field of Basketball since the inception of the school boy competition.
Knox College has recently won the ISSA Under 14 Basketball National Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18882136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882136" title="Martis people">
Martis people

The Martis were a group of Native Americans who lived in Northern California on both the eastern and western sides of the Sierra Nevada. The Martis complex lasted from 2000 BCE to 500 CE, during the Middle Archaic era. Evidence of Martis habitation has been found from Carson River and Reno, Nevada in the east to Auburn, California and Oroville, California in the west. The Martis name refers to the geographic region of Martis Creek which spans Nevada County, California and Placer County, California.
Culture.
Martis traveled to higher elevations in the winter and lower elevations in the summer in loose-knit groups. They lived in base camps on valley margins, often near hot springs. In the winter, they lived in pit houses with hearths, pit caches, and occasionally burials. Extended families are believed to have lived together. Summer camps were often located near springs or creeks.
They shared certain traits which included making stone tools from basalt, using pestles and mortars, and hunting with atlatls and spears. Martis engaged in a hunter-gatherer economic system. Martis people processed seeds and hunted big game, such as mountain sheep, antelope, deer, bison, and elk.
Descendants.
Moratto states that the Martis were not related to the Washo, but may have been linked with the Maidu. However, other scholars (Robert G. Elston and Catherine S. Fowler suggest that the Martis complex overlaps culturally and geographically with the Kings Beach complex of ancestral Washoe people.
Sites.
The Meadow Lake Petroglyphs, attributed to the Martis, are a national historical landmark. Another notable Martis archaeological site includes the Grouse Lakes Area of Nevada County, called the Martis Archaeological Complex, and cataloged as style 7 rock art.
Others sites include Truckee Meadows–Steamboat Hot Springs, Bordertown, and Hallelujah Junction.

</doc>
<doc id="18882146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882146" title="James Hughes (bishop)">
James Hughes (bishop)

William James Hughes (1894–5 December 1979) was an Anglican bishop in the 20th century.
Life and career.
Born in 1894, Hughes was educated at the University of Leeds and obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree. He was ordained Deacon in 1921 and Priest in 1922 after a course of study at the College of the Resurrection, Mirfield. After a period as curate at St Matthew's, Leicester he was appointed Priest in charge at St Hilda's, Leicester. From there, he moved to become Vicar of St Benedict, Bordesley after which he was appointed Rector then Dean of St George's Cathedral, Georgetown, Guyana.
In 1944, Hughes was appointed Bishop of British Honduras. After a very short time in this post, he was translated to Barbados, during which time he set up the Barbados Church Association to prepare for disestablishment. In 1951, he returned to England to be Vicar of St George's Church, Edgbaston, and additionally served as an assistant bishop in Birmingham diocese. He was also made an honorary Canon of Birmingham Cathedral in 1952. Two years later, however, he was enthroned as the first Bishop of Matabeleland. During his time in Matabeleland, he became known for his dry comments on the administration of the region – for example, when it was proposed to have a second capital at Bulawayo, he offered this quote from W. S. Gilbert: "Ambassadors cropped up like hay, Prime Ministers and such they grew as asparagus in May and Dukes were three a penny." After four years, he became the Archbishop of Central Africa.
In 1957, he was awarded a Lambeth degree by Geoffrey Fisher, the Archbishop of Canterbury. He was a Sub-Prelate of the Order of St John of Jerusalem from 1958 and in 1961 he was translated for the final time to Trinidad. He retired in 1970 to Canada, where he continued to minister at Holy Trinity, Port Burwell, Ontario. He died whilst visiting friends in Harare on 5 December 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18882150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882150" title="Pocatello National Forest">
Pocatello National Forest

Pocatello National Forest was established as the Pocatello Forest Reserve by the General Land Office in Idaho and Utah on September 5, 1903 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905,it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 Port Neuf National Forest and part of Bear River National Forest were added. On July 1, 1915 the entire forest was transferred to Cache National Forest and the name was discontinued. The lands are presently included in Caribou National Forest and Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882164" title="Papal conclave, 1769">
Papal conclave, 1769

A papal conclave which lasted from 15 February to 19 May 1769 was convoked after the death of Pope Clement XIII. It elected as his successor Cardinal Lorenzo Ganganelli, who took the name Clement XIV.
Death of Clement XIII.
Clement XIII died suddenly on 2 February 1769, a day before the date of the consistory that he had convoked to examine the demands for the general suppression of the Society of Jesus. The various courts under the House of Bourbon and the Kingdom of Portugal (under the House of Braganza) had exerted strong pressure on the Holy See to suppress this order through almost the whole of his pontificate. In 1759 Jesuits were expelled from Portugal, in 1762 from the Kingdom of France, in 1767 from Spain and in 1768 from the Kingdom of Naples, the Kingdom of Sicily and the Duchy of Parma and Piacenza. Clement XIII strongly defended the Society (e.g. in the bull "Apostolicum pascendi" in 1765), but without success. In January 1769 France and Naples seized the papal territories around Avignon, Benevento and Pontecorvo to force the pope to issue a decree for the suppression of the order. The sudden death of 75 year old Clement XIII left this difficult decision to his successor.
List of participants.
Forty six out of fifty seven cardinals participated in the conclave:
Twenty nine electors were created by Clement XIII, while fifteen by Pope Benedict XIV. Alessandro Albani received the red hat from Innocent XIII, and Neri Maria Corsini from Clement XII.
Divisions in the College of Cardinals and the candidates to the papacy.
The papal conclave in 1769 was almost completely dominated by the problem of the Society of Jesus. The Sacred College of Cardinals was divided into two blocs: pro-Jesuits and anti-Jesuits, but several cardinals were neutral. The pro-Jesuit faction, called "Zelanti", grouped Italian curial cardinals who opposed the secular influences on the Church. Their leaders were Gian Francesco and Alessandro Albani and cardinal-nephew of the deceased pope Carlo Rezzonico. The anti-Jesuit bloc (called also "court faction") grouped crown-cardinals of the Catholic Powers: France, Spain and Naples. Respectively ruled at the time by Louis XV of France, Charles III of Spain and Ferdinand III of Sicily/Ferdinand IV of Naples. In spite of the national divisions they worked together for the main goal – suppression of the Society of Jesus. The Bourbon courts had decided to put the official leadership of this bloc in the hands of the French Cardinal de Bernis. He and his colleagues were instructed to block every pro-Jesuit candidature, even with the official exclusion if necessary. Several cardinals, among them Lorenzo Ganganelli, did not belong to either faction.
The Spanish and Neapolitan governments had classified forty three Italian cardinals into five categories: "good" (eleven cardinals), "indifferent" (eight), "doubtful" (three), "bad" (fifteen) and "very bad" (six):
Cardinal Orsini, the official representative of the Neapolitan court, and all the foreigners, were not classified because it was certain that none of them would be ever elected pope.
The French government was more fastidious than Spanish and Neapolitan. Only three cardinals were considered good candidates: Conti, Durini and Ganganelli
Out of these 43 cardinals only 27 or 28 were actually considered papabile, while the remaining 15 were excluded due to their age or health.
Conclave.
The conclave began on February 15, 1769. Initially only 27 cardinals participated. "Zelanti", taking advantage of the small number of the electors and the absence of the French and Spanish cardinals, tried to achieve a quick election of Cardinal Flavio Chigi. In one ballot he was only two votes short of being elected. The efforts of Zelanti met with strong protests from the ambassadors of France and Spain, but, fortunately for them, Cardinal Orsini, protector of the Kingdom of Naples and the only crown-cardinal present in the early ballots, was able to join some neutral cardinals to block Chigi’s candidature.
An unprecedented event was the visit of Joseph II, Holy Roman Emperor, who arrived "incognito" in Rome on March 6 and was allowed to enter the conclave. He stayed there two weeks, freely debating with the electors. Fortunately, he did not press them but only expressed the wish for the election of a pope who would be able to carry out his duties with the proper respect for the secular rulers.
Cardinal de Bernis entered the conclave at the end of March and took the leadership of the anti-Jesuit faction from the hands of Cardinal Orsini, who could have blocked Zelanti’s actions only with the great difficulties. Bernis immediately established a regular correspondence with French ambassador Marquis d'Aubeterre, which was in violation of the fundamental law of the conclave. Ambassadors of France and Spain urged Bernis to insist that the election of the future pope be made to depend on his written engagement to suppress the Jesuits. Bernis refused, answering that demanding from the future pope a written or oral promise to destroy the Society of Jesus would be in violation of the canon law. In spite of this refusal, during the next few weeks Bernis consecutively rejected all candidates proposed by Zelanti as too devoted to the Jesuits. In this way twenty-three out of twenty-eight papabile were eliminated, among them strongly pro-Jesuit Cardinal Fantuzzi, who at some point was very close to achieving election to the papal throne, as well as Cavalchini, Colonna, Stoppani, Pozzobonelli, Sersale, and several others.
The arrival of Spanish cardinals Solis and de la Cerda on April 27 strengthened the anti-Jesuit party. They also violated the law of the conclave by establishing regular correspondence with Spanish ambassador Azpuru. The Spaniards had fewer scruples than Bernis and, supported by Cardinal Malvezzi, took the matter into their own hands. They paid attention to the only friar in the Sacred College, Cardinal Lorenzo Ganganelli, O.F.M.Conv. The attitude of Ganganelli towards the Jesuits was a great mystery – he had been educated by the Jesuits and it was said that he received the red hat at the instance of Father Lorenzo Ricci, general of the Society of Jesus, but during the pontificate of Clement XIII he did not engage himself in the defence of the Order. Cardinal Solis began by sounding him out as to his willingness to give the promise required by the Bourbon princes as an indispensable condition for election. Ganganelli answered that "he recognized in the sovereign pontiff the right to extinguish, with good conscience, the Society of Jesus, provided he observed the canon law; and that it was desirable that the pope should do everything in his power to satisfy the wishes of the Crowns". It is not certain whether it was a written or only an oral promise, but this declaration fully satisfied the ambassadors. 
In the same time "Zelanti", also began to incline to give their support to Ganganelli, looking upon him as indifferent or even favourable to the Jesuits. It seems that the attitude of "Zelanti" was decided by the secret negotiations between their leaders Alessandro and Gian Francesco Albani and the Spanish cardinals. Cardinal de Bernis, the nominal leader of the court faction, probably did not play any role in the appointment of Ganganelli and only followed the instructions of Marquis d'Aubeterre when all had been already known.
Results of the ballots.
The results of the ballots between April 27 and May 18 were following (only the leading candidates are included):
Election of Clement XIV.
In the final ballot on May 19, 1769 Cardinal Lorenzo Ganganelli was elected to the papacy receiving all votes except of his own, which he gave to Carlo Rezzonico, nephew of Clement XIII and one of the leaders of "Zelanti". He took the name of Clement XIV, in honour of Clement XIII, who had elevated him to the cardinalate. 
On May 28 the new pope was consecrated to the episcopate by Cardinal Federico Marcello Lante, bishop of Porto e Santa Rufina and sub-dean of the Sacred College of Cardinals, assisted by Cardinals Gian Francesco Albani, bishop of Sabina and Henry Benedict Stuart, bishop of Frascati. On June 4 he was solemnly crowned by Cardinal Alessandro Albani, protodeacon of S. Maria in Via Lata

</doc>
<doc id="18882210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882210" title="Bernard Pratte">
Bernard Pratte

Bernard Pratte (December 17, 1803August 10, 1886) was the eighth mayor of St. Louis, Missouri, serving between 1844 and 1846.

</doc>
<doc id="18882221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882221" title="Jimmy Wisner">
Jimmy Wisner

James J. "Jimmy" Wisner (born December 8, 1931, Philadelphia) is an American pianist, arranger, songwriter, and producer. He is best known for his hit single "Asia Minor", released under the name Kokomo.
Wisner received classical training as a youngster, and attended Temple University as a psychology student in the late 1950s. He formed the Jimmy Wisner Trio in 1959 with Chick Kinney on drums and Ace Tesone on bass. This ensemble backed musicians who toured through Philadelphia, including Mel Torme, Carmen McRae, Dakota Staton, and The Hi-Lo's.
He released several full-length albums as a jazz musician, but in 1961 recorded a rock & roll adaptation of Edvard Grieg's Piano Concerto in A Minor, using shellac on the hammers of a cheap piano so as to effect a honky tonk sound. So as not to alienate his jazz fans, he released the tune, titled "Asia Minor" under the name Kokomo; he was turned down by 10 labels and had to release the track on his own label Future Records. The song became a hit, reaching #8 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #35 on the UK Singles Chart, despite having been banned by the BBC. Wisner released further singles as Kokomo on his prior label, Felsted, but did not have another hit.
Following the success of "Asia Minor", Wisner launched a successful career as a songwriter, producer, and composer for film and television. He wrote "Don't Throw Your Love Away", a #1 UK hit for The Searchers in 1964, as well as The Tymes's "Somewhere", which went Top 20 in the UK. As a producer and arranger Wisner worked with Freddy Cannon, Neil Sedaka, Bobby Vinton, Herbie Mann, Len Barry ("1 - 2 - 3"), Miriam Makeba, Judy Collins, Paul Evans, Spanky & Our Gang, Tony Bennett, The Cowsills, Carly Simon, Al Kooper, Iggy Pop, Barbra Streisand, Tommy James, Brigitte Bardot, and Roberto Carlos as well as Randy & the Rainbows. He also headed Columbia Records's A&R department from 1968-1969, where he recorded Donna Marie, who went on to perform with The Archies.

</doc>
<doc id="18882223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882223" title="Noggin (magazine)">
Noggin (magazine)

Noggin was an American magazine that published art, fiction, cartoons, and social and political commentary. It started in Iowa City, Iowa in 1990, and published semimonthly for three years. 
History.
The magazine was founded by Tom Hunter; both were covered in articles in the "Cedar Rapids Gazette", and the "Iowa City Press-Citizen". Launched in October 1990, the publication had a "press run" of approximately 10,000 per issue. The magazine did not accept advertisements, and a lifetime subscription cost US$10. All writers and contributors to the magazine were unpaid volunteers, and the majority of them chose to publish their work under pseudonyms. Expenses per issue were $1,000. Prior to founding the magazine, Hunter had been a writer of fiction for ten years, and had received a Bachelor's Degree in the field of journalism.
Every issue of the publication contained the request for contributions, "If you like to draw, write fiction, poetry or essays, Noggin wants to publish your work." In an interview with "Cedar Rapids Gazette", the founder of the publication explained its broad attitude towards acceptance of contributions: "The editorial principle we've stuck to, to our detriment sometimes, we do not edit people's stuff, especially on the grounds of content. It's a real big umbrella. When you say I will take anything, you have more people that come foreward." The magazine provoked controversy when it published works by artist Scott Warren about Edward Gein, and also over an article "Lunacy in the Gulf" in January 1991 which was critical of the Gulf War.
Reception.
In 1992, the "Cedar Rapids Gazette" called "Noggin", "one of Iowa City's most controversial publications". The publication was classed among "small news magazines" distributed in the region. The "Iowa City Press-Citizen" characterized the magazine noting, ""Noggin" is a liberal newspaper of fiction, poetry, essays and art."

</doc>
<doc id="18882235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882235" title="Bobby Levin">
Bobby Levin

Robert J. (Bobby) Levin (born November 19, 1957) is an American professional bridge player. He may be known best as the youngest winner of the world championship for national teams, namely the 1981 Bermuda Bowl, and as a five-time winner of the Cavendish Invitational Pairs, the world's leading contest for cash prizes, with his regular partner Steve Weinstein. As of June 2013, Levin ranks number 20 among Open World Grand Masters and his wife Jill ranks number 21 among Women World Grand Masters.
Levin–Weinstein were one-third of USA1 in the 2011 Bermuda Bowl, where they finished fourth. Beginning mid-2012 they joined Nick Nickell's team. The professional teams hired by Nickell had won four of the preceding nine biennial Bermuda Bowls, from 1995.
Career.
Levin was born in Southampton, Long Island, New York. As a 13-year-old, he won the first tournament event he ever entered – the Men's Pairs at a New York sectional – making him the youngest winner in the history of the event.
When Levin was 15, the family moved to Miami. In March 1973, he became the youngest life master in the history of the American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) at the age of 15 years and 4 months, a record since broken. Once in Miami, Levin met two players – Billy Seamon and Russell Arnold – who had a profound influence on his bridge career. By the age of 17, Levin was playing professionally on teams with Arnold, sponsored by Bud Reinhold.
In 1979, his team (Reinhold, Arnold, Jeff Meckstroth and Eric Rodwell) tied for first in the Reisinger Board-a-Match Teams. Because the Reisinger was a qualifying event for the playoff to determine North America's representative in the world championship (ACBL team trials), a playoff between the Reisinger winners was necessary; they lost to the Dallas Aces comprising Ira Rubin, Fred Hamilton, Bob Hamman and Bobby Wolff.
Next spring the Reinhold team won the Vanderbilt Knockout Teams in Fresno, California, qualifying for the team trials. The squad easily won the right later that year to represent the United States in the 1981 Bermuda Bowl in Port Chester, New York. The team added John Solodar and defeated Zia Mahmood-led Pakistan for the championship. The win made Levin, at 23 years old, the youngest world champion at the time.
About a year later, Levin moved to Chicago to work as an options trader. When the market crashed in 1987, Levin was back to Florida, entering the real estate business with one of his brothers. He moved to the Orlando area in 1988 and lived there for twelve years.
His regular partner is Steve Weinstein, who is also a world class poker player. When forming their partnership, they spent a week with Marty Bergen in Florida to put together their system.
Levin and his wife since January 1998, Jill, who is also a world champion bridge player, reside in Lake Ariel, Pennsylvania (as of 2010).
Bobby's son Andrew is a college student and Jill's sons Shane and Justin Blanchard are "upcoming bridge players" (as of 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="18882270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882270" title="Types of tobacco">
Types of tobacco

There are many types of tobacco cultivars and varieties. This article includes a list of such.
Types.
Aromatic Fire-cured.
Aromatic Fire-cured smoking tobacco is a robust variety of tobacco used as a condimental for pipe blends. It is cured by smoking over gentle fires. In the United States, it is grown in northern middle Tennessee, western Kentucky and in Virginia. Fire-cured tobacco grown in Kentucky and Tennessee is used in some chewing tobaccos, moist snuff, some cigarettes and as a condiment leaf in pipe tobacco blends. It has a rich, slightly floral taste, and adds body and aroma to the blend.
Another fire-cured tobacco is Latakia and is produced from oriental varieties of "N. tabacum". The leaves are cured and smoked over smoldering fires of local hardwoods and aromatic shrubs in Cyprus and Syria. Latakia has a pronounced flavor and a very distinctive smoky aroma, and is used in Balkan and English-style pipe tobacco blends.
Brightleaf tobacco.
Brightleaf tobacco is commonly known as "Virginia tobacco", regardless of where in the world it is harvested. Prior to the American Civil War, most tobacco grown in the US was fire-cured dark-leaf. This type of tobacco was planted in fertile lowlands, used a robust variety of leaf, and was either fire cured or air cured.
Sometime after the War of 1812, demand for a milder, lighter, more aromatic tobacco arose. Ohio, Pennsylvania and Maryland all innovated with milder varieties of the tobacco plant. Farmers around the country experimented with different curing processes. But the breakthrough did not come until around 1839.
Growers had noticed that sandy, highland soil produced thinner, weaker plants. Captain Abisha Slade, of Caswell County, North Carolina had considerable infertile, sandy soil, and planted the new "gold-leaf" varieties on it. Slade owned a slave, Stephen, who around 1839 accidentally produced the first true bright tobacco. He used charcoal to restart a fire used to cure the crop. The surge of heat turned the leaves yellow. Using that discovery, Slade developed a system for producing bright tobacco, cultivated on poorer soils and using charcoal for heat-curing.
Slade made many public appearances to share the bright-leaf process with other farmers. His success helped him build a brick house in Yanceyville, North Carolina, and at one time he had many servants.
News spread through the area pretty quickly. The infertile sandy soil of the Appalachian piedmont was suddenly profitable, and people rapidly developed flue-curing techniques, a more efficient way of smoke-free curing. Farmers discovered that Bright leaf tobacco needs thin, starved soil, and those who could not grow other crops found that they could grow tobacco. Formerly unproductive farms reached 20–35 times their previous worth. By 1855, six Piedmont counties adjoining Virginia ruled the tobacco market.
By the outbreak of the Civil War, the town of Danville, Virginia had developed a bright-leaf market for the surrounding area in Caswell County, North Carolina and Pittsylvania County, Virginia.
Danville was also the main railway head for Confederate soldiers going to the front. These brought bright tobacco with them from Danville to the lines, traded it with each other and Union soldiers, and developed quite a taste for it. At the end of the war, the soldiers went home and a national market had developed for the local crop. Caswell and Pittsylvania counties were the only two counties in the South that increased in total wealth after the war.
Most Canadian cigarettes are made from 100% pure Virginia tobacco.
Burley.
The origin of White Burley tobacco was credited to a Mr. Webb in 1864, who grew it near Higginsport, Ohio, from seed from Bracken County, Kentucky. He noticed it yielded a different type of light leaf shaded from white to yellow, and cured differently. By 1866, he harvested 20,000 pounds of Burley tobacco and sold it in 1867 at the St. Louis Fair for $58 per hundred pounds. By 1883, the principal market for this tobacco was Cincinnati, but it was grown throughout central Kentucky and Middle Tennessee. In 1880 Kentucky produced 36 percent of the total national tobacco production, and was first in the country, with nearly twice as much tobacco produced as by Virginia, then the second-place state.
Burley tobacco is a light air-cured tobacco used primarily for cigarette production. In the United States, it is produced in an eight-state belt with approximately 70 percent produced in Kentucky. Tennessee produces approximately 20 percent, with smaller amounts produced in Indiana, North Carolina, Missouri, Ohio, Virginia and West Virginia. Burley tobacco is produced in many other countries, with major production in Brazil, Malawi and Argentina. In the U.S., burley tobacco plants are started from palletized seeds placed in polystyrene trays floated on a bed of fertilized water in March or April.
Cavendish.
"Cavendish" is more a process of curing and a method of cutting tobacco than a type of it. The processing and the cut are used to bring out the natural sweet taste in the tobacco. Cavendish can be produced out of any tobacco type but is usually one of, or a blend of Kentucky, Virginia, and Burley and is most commonly used for pipe tobacco and cigars.
The process begins by pressing the tobacco leaves into a cake about an inch thick. Heat from fire or steam is applied, and the tobacco is allowed to ferment. This is said to result in a sweet and mild tobacco. Finally the cake is sliced. These slices must be broken apart, as by rubbing in a circular motion between one's palms, before the tobacco can be evenly packed into a pipe. Flavoring is often added before the leaves are pressed. English Cavendish uses a dark flue or fire cured Virginia (DEC), which is steamed and then stored under pressure to permit it to cure and ferment for several days or weeks.
Corojo.
Corojo is a type of tobacco primarily in the making of cigars, originally grown in the Vuelta Abajo region of Cuba.
Corojo was originally developed and grown by Diego Rodriguez at his farm or vega, Santa Ines del Corojo and takes its name from the farm. It was used as a wrapper extensively for many years on Cuban cigars, but its susceptibility to various diseases, Blue mold in particular, caused the Cuban genetic engineers to develop various hybrid forms that would not only be disease-resistant, but would also display excellent wrapper qualities.
Criollo.
Criollo is primarily used in the making of cigars. It was, by most accounts, one of the original Cuban tobaccos that emerged around the time of Columbus. The term means "native seed", and thus a tobacco variety using the term, such as "Dominican Criollo", may or may not have anything to do with the original Cuban seed nor the recent hybrid, Criollo '98.
Oriental Tobacco.
Oriental tobacco is a sun-cured, highly aromatic, small-leafed variety ("Nicotiana tabacum") that is grown in Turkey, Greece, Bulgaria, Lebanon, and the Republic of Macedonia. Oriental tobacco is frequently referred to as "Turkish tobacco", as these regions were all historically part of the Ottoman Empire. Many of the early brands of cigarettes were made mostly or entirely of Oriental tobacco; today, its main use is in blends of pipe and especially cigarette tobacco (a typical American cigarette is a blend of bright Virginia, burley and Oriental).
Perique.
Perhaps the most strongly flavored of all tobaccos is the Perique, from Saint James Parish, Louisiana. When the Acadians made their way into this region in 1755, the Choctaw and Chickasaw tribes were cultivating a variety of tobacco with a distinctive flavor. A farmer called Pierre Chenet is credited with first turning this local tobacco into the Perique in 1824 through the technique of pressure-fermentation.
Considered the truffle of pipe tobaccos, the Perique is used as a component of many blended pipe tobaccos, but is too strong to be smoked pure. At one time, the freshly moist Perique was also chewed, but none is now sold for this purpose. It is traditionally a pipe tobacco, and is still very popular with pipe-smokers, typically blended with pure Virginia to lend spice, strength, and coolness to the blend.
Shade tobacco.
It is not well known that the northern US states of Connecticut and Massachusetts are also two of the most important tobacco-growing regions in the country. Long before Europeans arrived in the area, Native Americans cultivated tobacco along the banks of the Connecticut River. Today, the Connecticut River valley north of Hartford, Connecticut is known as "Tobacco Valley", and the fields and drying sheds are visible to travelers on the road to and from Bradley International Airport, the major Connecticut airport. 
Connecticut shade tobacco is grown under tents to protect plant leaves from direct sunlight. This imitates the conditions of tobacco plants growing in the shade of trees in tropical areas. The result are leafs of lighter color and of a more delicate structure. They are used as outer wrappers for some of the world's finest cigars. It is not entirely clear who introduced this method of growing tobacco, but it is likely that the New York firm of Schroeder & Bon or its founder Frederick A. Schroeder were instrumental in developing this agricultural innovation.
Early Connecticut colonists acquired from the Native Americans the habit of smoking tobacco in pipes and began cultivating the plant commercially, even though the Puritans referred to it as the "evil weed". The plant was outlawed in Connecticut in 1650, but in the 19th century as cigar smoking began to be popular, tobacco farming became a major industry, employing farmers, laborers, local youths, southern African Americans, and migrant workers.
Working conditions varied from backbreaking work for young local children, ages 13 and up, to backbreaking exploitation of migrants. Each tobacco plant yields only 18 leaves useful as cigar wrappers, and each leaf requires a great deal of individual manual attention during harvesting. Although the temperature in the curing sheds sometimes exceeds 38 C (100 F), no work is done inside the sheds while the tobacco is being fired.
In 1921, Connecticut tobacco production peaked, at 31,000 acres (125 km²) under cultivation. The rise of cigarette smoking and the decline of cigar smoking have caused a corresponding decline in the demand for shade tobacco, reaching a minimum in 1992 of 2,000 acres (8&NBS;km²) under cultivation. Since then, however, cigar smoking has become more popular again, and in 1997 tobacco farming had risen to 4,000 acres (16&NBS;km²). However, only 1,050 acres (4.2&NBS;km²) of shade tobacco were harvested in the Connecticut Valley in 2006. Connecticut seed is being grown in Ecuador, where labor is very cheap. The industry has weathered some major catastrophes, including a devastating hailstorm in 1929, and an epidemic of brown spot fungus in 2000, but is now in danger of disappearing altogether, given the value of the land to real estate speculators. The older and much less labor intensive Broad leaf plant, which produces an excellent Maduro wrapper as well as binder and filler for cigars, is increasing in area in the Connecticut Valley.
Thuoc lao.
"Thuoc lao" is a nicotine-rich (although not as strong as mapacho) type of tobacco grown exclusively in Vietnam and is often smoked by Vietnamese rice farmers.
It is most commonly smoked after a meal on a full stomach to "aid in digestion", or along with green tea or local beer (most commonly the cheap "bia hoi"). A "hit" of thuoc lao is followed by a flood of nicotine to the bloodstream inducing strong dizziness that last several seconds. Even heavy smokers have had trouble with the intense volume of smoke and the side effects include nausea and vomiting.
Type 22.
"Type 22 tobacco" is a classification of United States tobacco product as defined by the U. S. Department of Agriculture, effective date November 7, 1986. The definition states that type 22 tobacco is a type of dark fire-cured tobacco, known as Eastern District fire-cured, produced principally in a section east of the Tennessee River in southern Kentucky and northern Tennessee. Most type 22 tobacco in northern Tennessee is grown in Robertson and Montgomery County. Its principal use is in the manufacture of chewing tobacco.
White Burley.
"White Burley" similar to Burley tobacco is the main component in chewing tobacco, American blend pipe tobacco, and American-style cigarettes.
In 1865, George Webb of Brown County, Ohio planted Red Burley seeds he had purchased, and found that a few of the seedlings had a whitish, sickly look. He transplanted them to the fields anyway, where they grew into mature plants but retained their light color. The cured leaves had an exceedingly fine texture and were exhibited as a curiosity at the market in Cincinnati. The following year he planted ten acres (40,000 m²) from seeds from those plants, which brought a premium at auction. The air-cured leaf was found to be mild tasting and more absorbent than any other variety. "White Burley", as it was later called, became the main component in chewing tobacco, American blend pipe tobacco, and American-style cigarettes. The white part of the name is seldom used today, since red burley, a dark air-cured variety of the mid-19th century, no longer exists.
Wild Tobacco.
Wild tobacco is native to the southwestern United States, Mexico, and parts of South America. Its botanical name is "Nicotiana rustica". In Australia "Nicotiana benthamiana" and "Nicotiana gossei" are two of several indigenous tobaccos still used by Aboriginal people in some areas. "Nicotiana rustica" is the most potent strain of tobacco known. It is commonly used for tobacco dust or pesticides.
Y1.
Y1 is a strain of tobacco that was cross-bred by Brown & Williamson to obtain an unusually high nicotine content. It became controversial in the 1990s when the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) used it as evidence that tobacco companies were intentionally manipulating the nicotine content of cigarettes.
Y1 was developed by tobacco plant researcher James Chaplin, working under Dr. Jeffrey Wigand for Brown & Williamson (then a subsidiary of British American Tobacco) in the late 1970s. Chaplin, a director of the USDA Research Laboratory at Oxford, North Carolina, had described the need for a higher nicotine tobacco plant in the trade publication "World Tobacco" in 1977, and had bred a number of high-nicotine strains based on a hybrid of "Nicotiana tabacum" and "Nicotiana rustica", but they were weak and would blow over in a strong wind. Only two grew to maturity; Y2, which "turned black in the drying barn and smelled like old socks," and Y1, which was a success.
B&W brought the plants to California company DNA Plant Technology for additional modification, including making the plants male-sterile, a procedure that prevents competitors from reproducing the strain from seeds. DNA Plant Technology then smuggled the seeds to a B&W subsidiary in Brazil.
Y1 has a higher nicotine content than conventional flue-cured tobacco (6.5% versus 3.2—3.5%), but a comparable amount of tar, and does not affect taste or aroma. British American Tobacco (BAT) began to discuss the trialling of Y1 tobacco in 1991, despite it not being approved for use in the United States. B&W promised in 1994 to stop using Y1, but at that time they had 7 million pounds of inventory, and continued to blend Y1 into their products until 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18882282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882282" title="Khwaja Hassan Askari">
Khwaja Hassan Askari

"
Nawab Major Khawaja Hasan Askari (21 August 1921 - 9 August 1984), the last Nawab of Dacca was born at the Ahsan Manzil Palace in Dacca. The eldest son of Nawab Habibullah Bahadur of Dacca and Shahryar Begum (the granddaughter of Nawab Sir Ahsanullah), he became the Nawab of Dacca after his father’s death in 1958.
Early life.
Nawab Hasan Askari completed his early education from the maktab at the Ahsan Manzil Palace and later joined the Muslim High School. His mother died when he was only ten years old after which he was sent to study at the Aligarh School and College from where he completed his B.A in 1940. At Aligarh he was part of the cricket team and the captain of riding club and was also the recipient of the Quaid-e-Azam Award, an honor that bestowed upon him during Quaid-e-Azam’s visit to Aligarh University. On completion of his academic career he joined the Army in 1942 and then went on to do an internship in the south of India. He then went on to join the 7th Cavalry Regiment Armored Corps and took part in action on the Burma Front against Japanese. It is said he was the first Indian Officer who carried out operations with tanks on the Burma Front and is also reported to have sustained injuries on his legs and head during the war. 
In 1946 he left the British Indian army as his father required his assistance to campaign to gain the allegiance of most of Bengal for the newly emerging Pakistan. He rejoined the army after partition in 1948. In 1946 he was engaged to Bilquis Shehzadi, daughter of Nawab Hafeezuddin Khan of the State of Surat. He was married in 1948 in Hyderabad where they were the guests of the Nizam of Hyderabad and the bridal party stayed in one of their palaces. They have one daughter and four sons. 
Nawab Hasan Askari served in the East Bengal Regiment. In 1949 he was transferred to the Nowshera Armored Corp and in 1950 joined Governor General’s Body Guard as the First Adjutant when his uncle Khawaja Nazimuddin was the Governor General of Pakistan. In 1951 he returned to Dacca and served with the East Bengal Regiment in various parts of the country. In 1954 he was posted back to Rawalpindi and served with the 5th Regiment of the Armored Corp also known as the Probyns Horse regiment. He served between Rawalpindi and Manser Camp until 1959.
The last Nawab.
His father Nawab Habibullah Bahadur died on the 21st of November 1958 and Nawab Hasan Askari became the last Nawab of Dacca on the 22nd of November 1958. The army then transferred him to East Pakistan and he simultaneously served at the army’s recruiting office in Dacca. Due to a heart problem in 1961, Nawab Hasan Askari requested to resign from the Army. During this period there was tremendous pressure on him by the people of Dacca and Pakistan to participate in politics. He contested the 1962 Elections and won a seat in the National Assembly with the support of people of Dacca and its surrounding areas. He was appointed minister of the provincial cabinet in East Pakistan with portfolios of communications, waterways and railways. He started the first rail car service in East Pakistan which was then followed in West Pakistan and is credited with having had started the work of the new railway system in Dacca. 
During the 1965 war he the Chief Warden of Dacca and was later appointed Warden General of East Pakistan, a post at which he remained till the liberation of the city in 1971. He was awarded the Hilal-e-Khidmat by the President Major General Ayub Khan in the 1960s for his services to the nation. He was the President of East Pakistan Muslim League till the fall of Dacca.
He was the bearer of family traditions and interacted with people from all classes. His house was open to anyone seeking any kind of help: monetary or legal assistance or the settlement of disputes. He maintained links with people who were involved with the political, military, academic, spiritual happenings in East Pakistan and West Pakistan as well as with foreign diplomats to be able to provide support for his people. 
He also maintained links with the army, industrialists and political figures of West Pakistan to ensure that the policies of state supported the interests, the aspirations and the welfare of the people of East Pakistan. He was the arbitrator of communal issues and problems and used his status of the Nawab of Dacca and his personal qualities to provide assistance and support to the young nation. Nawab Hasan Askari was greatly respected for his kindness and support. It is said that he was a true prince and was almost always accessible to the common man. He believed in the ideals of and served the Muslim League devotedly and always remained a committed leader. 
Khawaja Hasan Askari was the guardian of the various philanthropic institutions like the Nawab Salimullah Orphanage, madrassah’s supported by his family, Sir Salimullah Medical College, Ahsanullah Engineering College also supported by Nawab of Dacca family. He was the director of P.I.A, I.D.B.P and various Banks, P.I.D.C, President of Pakistan Jute Mills Association, Dacca Club and Dacca Race Club, East Pakistan Cricket Board. He was also member of the chamber of commerce. 
Liberation of Bangladesh and aftermath.
At the time of Bangladesh’s creation, Nawab Hasan Askari went through very difficult times. He remained in Dacca till 1975.Towards the end of 1974 at the request of then Prime Minister of Pakistan, Zulfikar Ali Bhutto who was visiting Dacca, Sheikh Mujeeb-ur-Rehman agreed upon Nawab Hasan Askari leaving Dacca for Karachi. Sheikh Mujeeb-ur-Rehman was of the opinion that the Nawab of Dacca must stay in Bangladesh: in his country and with his people. In January 1975 Nawab Hassan Askari left Bangladesh for Karachi. He left behind a cause for which he and his family had strived for with great commitment, provided financial and political support for and had been part of the struggle for human rights and self-determination of the Muslims of the subcontinent. 
Nawab Hassan Askari lived in Karachi for the remainder of his life. During the remaining years of his life till 1984 his health deteriorated - he never overcame the grief of leaving his home country and his people and felt distort over the breakup of Pakistan, a cause for which he and his family had strived. He died in Karachi on the 9th of August 1984 and has been laid to rest in Karachi at the Defence Army Graveyard where his wife Begum Bilquis Askari was also laid to rest in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18882287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882287" title="Nines">
Nines

Nines may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18882295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882295" title="Terry Winters">
Terry Winters

Terry Winters (born 1949 Brooklyn, New York) is an American painter, draftsman, and printmaker, whose work reintroduced figuration in a way that was consonant with the Modernist legacy. Klaus Kertess wrote that “in the mid 1970s, Terry Winters and such peers as Carroll Dunham, Bill Jensen, and Stephen Mueller began to feel increasingly constricted by painting’s and drawing’s phenomenological order and orders. How to reintegrate more variegated mark making and spatiality, how to give body not just to process but to metaphor, without sacrificing the hard-won physicality and non-narrative abstractness so crucial to late Modernism—all of these became overriding concerns.” His work has been the subject of numerous exhibitions, including major retrospectives at the Whitney Museum of American Art and the Metropolitan Museum of Art and is found in the collections of numerous museums, including the Museum of Modern Art, New York; the Whitney Museum of American Art, New York; the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York; the National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.; the Art Institute of Chicago; the Walker Art Center, Minneapolis; the Minneapolis Institute of Arts; the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art; and the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, and others. He is represented by the Matthew Marks Gallery in New York.
Work.
After graduating from the Pratt Institute in 1971, he painted for ten years, not once exhibiting his work. It was only in 1982 that he had his first solo exhibition at the Sonnabend Gallery, showing his work as a fully mature artist.
While the sources of Winters’ subject matter can be traced to the natural sciences, architecture, and more recently, information systems and computer graphics, what his actual canvases depict remains obscure yet rational, mysterious yet palpable. His paintings from the 1980s have their antecedents in the work of Arshile Gorky and the early biomorphic pictures of Mark Rothko and Barnett Newman. And the scarred, fuliginous, tactile grounds out of which the primordial organisms and personages of "Dumb Compass" (1985) emerge find their inspiration in the monochrome canvases of Brice Marden, one the artist’s greatest influences. Lisa Phillips wrote that Winters’ biomorphic paintings “eschewed the hyperbole of much so-called Neo-expressionism and the cool mechanical approach of favored by the Neo-Conceptualists. He is something of an anomaly.”
By the mid-nineties, Winters’ work would assume an altogether different tenor. Grids and tesselated patterns of colored shapes began to enter into his paintings. There was also a gradual transition from the landscape or figures in or on a field format in the organic paintings to the all-over composition of works like ‘’Color and Information’’ (1998); its layered, churning grids of color conflate the slow deliberate process of painting with the torrent of pixels that make up so much of the imagery in the digital age.
In an interview in The Brooklyn Rail, Winters says of his later paintings: "… they’re somehow the consequence of function, of being used over time. The paintings are a track of the time that it took to paint them—what’s left after the activity of having painted them. On some level, they’re a temporal architecture or cross-section. In a way, I want the opposite of a breakdown. My approach uses construction to provoke unpredictable, surprising images that emerge and become recognizable." 
Winters is a highly regarded draftsman and printmaker. His graphic work has been the subject of many important exhibitions. For a symposium at the Drawing Center in New York, Winters issued a statement concerning the significance of drawing to him: “Drawing is central to my work—everything moves out, in all directions, from drawing…Drawing is a prototype—the first time an image is seen. My approach is diagrammatic—each image becomes a superimposition of maps. Objects and information are transcribed as events; pieces of existing data are re-assembled into new patterns…Formed by impulses, drawing is used as an operative abstraction for the construction of pictures.”

</doc>
<doc id="18882309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882309" title="Tobacco products">
Tobacco products

Tobacco is the agricultural product of the leaves of plants in the genus "Nicotiana". All species of "Nicotiana" contain the recreational drug nicotine—a stimulant and sedative contained in all parts of the plants except the seeds—which occurs in varying amounts depending on the species and variety cultivated. It is thought that an interaction between nicotine and MAOI beta-carbolines found in tobacco account for the addictive properties of its use. 
Tobacco is primarily derived from the species "Nicotiana tabacum", although it is also produced from "Nicotiana alata", and to a lesser extent "Nicotiana clevelandii", "Nicotiana longiflora", "Nicotiana rustica", and others. 
Once tobacco has been grown, harvested, cured, and processed, it is used to produce a number of different products. These are most often consumable; however, tobacco and the nicotine derived from it are also used to create pesticides.
Tobacco products can generally be divided into two types: smoked tobacco and smokeless tobacco.
An expert in tobacco and tobacco products—especially pipes, pipe tobacco and cigars—including their procurement and sale, is called a tobacconist. 
Consumable.
Chewing tobacco.
Chewing is one of the oldest ways of consuming tobacco leaves. Native Americans in both North and South America chewed the fresh leaves of the plant, frequently mixed with lime. Modern chewing tobacco (colloquially known as "chew" or "chaw") is produced from cured and often fermented tobacco, usually dampened and mixed with some type of sweetener. (Often molasses.) Twist tobacco may be an exception in this case, as many brands of twist are not sweetened.
In using chewing tobacco—at least types other than tobacco pellets—the consumer usually deposits the tobacco between the cheek and teeth and lightly macerates and sucks the tobacco to allow its juices to flow. Thus when chewing, it is common to spit and discard excess saliva caused by the release of juices from the tobacco, justifying the existence of the spittoon, or cuspidor. 
The popularity of chewing tobacco and the subsequent spittoon reached its height in the American Midwest during the late 19th century, however as cigarettes became the predominant form of tobacco consumption the spittoon gradually fell into disuse. However, while spittoons are often a rarity in modern society, loose leaf chewing tobacco can still be purchased at many convenience stores or from tobacconists throughout the United States and Canada.
Chewing tobacco is manufactured in several forms:
Loose leaf.
Loose leaf chewing tobacco, also known as "scrap", is perhaps the most common form of chewing tobacco. It consists of cut or shredded strips of tobacco leaf, and is usually sold in sealed pouches or bags lined with foil. Often sweetened, loose leaf chew may have a tacky texture. Common, modern brands of scrap sold in North America include Red Man, Levi Garrett, Jackson's Apple Jack (made by Swisher International, Beech-Nut, and Stoker's.
Pellets.
Pellets or "bits" consist of tobacco rolled into small pellets. They are often packaged in small tins. The pellets are used in the same manner as snus, in that they are placed between the lip and gum, and that spitting is typically unnecessary. It is suggested that the user may periodically chew the pellets lightly in order to release additional juice, flavor, and/or nicotine. Tobacco bits are almost exclusively produced under the Northern European Oliver Twist and Piccanell brands.
Plug.
Plug tobacco is made up of tobacco leaves that have been pressed together and bound by some type of sweetener, resulting in a thick, brick-like tobacco mass from which bites can be taken. Some types of plug may either be chewed or smoked in a tobacco pipe, and some are exclusive to one method or the other.
Twist.
Twist or rope tobacco is made up of rope-like strands of tobacco that have been twisted together and cured in that position, afterwards being cut. Some types of twist may either be chewed or smoked in a tobacco pipe, and some are exclusive to one method or the other. 
Unlike other types of chewing tobacco, twist tobacco isn't always a sweetened product, and may be devoid of molasses.
Cigars.
A cigar is a tightly rolled bundle of dried and fermented tobacco which is ignited so that its smoke may be drawn into the smoker's mouth and expelled; thus the cigar is generally "puffed on" (like a tobacco pipe) as opposed to being inhaled from. (As is the case with cigarettes.) The cigar is one of the oldest methods of preparing tobacco for consumption, some of the first cigars being introduced to Europeans as rolls of tobacco smoked by the Taíno of 15th century Cuba.
There are numerous varieties of cigar, differentiated by their respective size, shape, color, and composition. Some products developed from the cigar are, however, markedly different from the traditional product. (Cigarillos, blunts, and little cigars, for instance.) Cigarettes may be the most notable example of this deviation, although they do, in a sense, represent a category of their own. 
Tobacciana associated with cigars include cigar tubes, cigar boxes, cigar holders (also known as "cigar mouthpieces"; cf. cigarette holder), cigar cutters (including cigar scissors or shears), cigar cases, and humidors.
Blunts.
Blunts are wide, somewhat stubby versions of cigars. Most, if not all, are machine-made "domestic cigars" created from homogenized or reconstituted tobacco. They are usually inexpensive, and only lightly fermented. Blunts are often "gutted" in order to be used as marijuana cigars.
Cigarillos.
Cigarillos are long, thin cigars, somewhat larger than cigarettes but smaller than regular cigars. They may be fitted into a cigarillo holder in order to be smoked, though they are most often smoked without such a device. Using a cutting tool in order to prepare a cigarillo is less common than with larger cigars, as they are often open on both ends. Cigarillos may be machine-made, although many hand-made versions do exist; the latter are often produced by premium cigar manufacturers.
Little cigars.
A little cigar is a cigar that is the same size as a cigarette—often featuring a filter—however, it still retains its identity as a cigar because it is wrapped in a tobacco leaf, or more often a paper wrapper made of tobacco pulp, reconstituted tobacco or homogenized tobacco.
Cigarettes.
Cigarettes are a product consumed through smoking and manufactured out of cured and finely cut tobacco leaves and reconstituted tobacco, often combined with other additives, then rolled or stuffed into a paper-wrapped cylinder (generally less than 120 mm in length and 10 mm in diameter).
Kreteks.
Kreteks are cigarettes made with a complex blend of tobacco, cloves and a flavoring 'sauce'.
Roll-Your-Own.
Roll-Your-Own (RYO) or hand-rolled cigarettes, are very popular particularly in European countries. These are prepared from loose tobacco, cigarette papers and filters all bought separately. They are usually much cheaper to make.
Creamy snuff.
Creamy snuff is a tobacco paste, consisting of tobacco, clove oil, glycerin, spearmint, menthol, and camphor, and sold in a toothpaste tube. It is marketed mainly to women in India, and is known by the brand names Ipco (made by Asha Industries), Dentobac, Tona, Ganesh. It is locally known as "mishri" in some parts of Maharashtra. According to the U.S. NIH-sponsored 2002 Smokeless Tobacco Fact Sheet, it is marketed as a dentifrice. The same factsheet also mentions that it is "often used to clean teeth". The manufacturer recommends letting the paste linger in the mouth before rinsing.
Dipping tobacco.
Dipping tobacco, also known as "dip", "moist snuff" (or simply "snuff"), "American moist snuff", or "spit tobacco", is a form of smokeless tobacco. (It should also be noted that the term "smokeless tobacco" itself is a broad one which, while generally referring to all tobacco products which do not require smoking (e.g. nasal snuff, chewing tobacco, snus, etc.), is popularly used to refer specifically to dipping tobacco.) Dip is sometimes also called "chew" or "chaw"; because of this, it is commonly confused with chewing tobacco. Because it is sometimes called "snuff" or "moist snuff", it can also be confused with nasal or dry snuff.
Instead of literally chewing on dipping tobacco, as is the case with chewing tobacco, a small clump of dip is "pinched" out of its container and placed between the lower or upper lip and gums. While it is most common to place the tobcco between the lower lip and gums, utilizing the upper lip for this purpose—in a manner more common to snus—is known as an "upper decker".
In modern times, dipping tobacco is usually packaged in metal or plastic tins, sometimes with the addition of fiberboard. Some brands are packaged into "tubs", or deeper hand-held containers.
Dipping tobacco comes in several varieties. Many dipping tobacco producers also manufacture pouches of dipping tobacco, making the habit cleaner and more convenient.
Wide cut.
Wide cuts have thicker strands then all other cuts of dipping tobbaco.
Long cut.
Long cuts are easier to manage than fine cuts (a smaller granular sized dip - in regard to ease of grabbing the tobacco and keeping it comfortably in mouth).
Mid cut.
Mid cut sized dipping tobacco is comparable to small granules at about 1 mm cubed.
Fine cut.
Fine cut comes in granules slightly larger than sand or coffee grounds.
Snuff.
Snuff or simply moist snuff looks similar to dirt or sand in terms of granular size. Extremely small cut.
Pouches.
Pouches hold fine cut tobacco in a small teabag-like pouch for convenience.
Dissolvable tobacco.
Dissolvable tobacco is a recent introduction, entering mainstream use in the later half of the 2000s (decade). The product consists of finely-processed tobacco which is developed in such a way as to allow the substance to dissolve on the tongue or in the mouth. Camel tobacco is the major purveyor of dissolvable tobacco products, with three varieties, including "strips", "sticks" and "orbs", however companies such as "Ariva" and "Stonewall" have also been successful with such manufacturing, marketing compressed tobacco lozenges.
Dokha.
Dokha is a tobacco of Iranian origin mixed with leaves, bark, and herbs. It is traditionally smoked in a midwakh.
Gutka.
Gutka (also spelled gutkha, guttkha, guthka) is a preparation of crushed betel nut, tobacco, and sweet or savory flavorings. It is manufactured in India and exported to a few other countries. A mild stimulant, it is sold across India in small, individual-size packets. It is consumed much like chewing tobacco, and like chewing tobacco it is considered responsible for oral cancer and other severe negative health effects.
Used by millions of adults, it is also marketed to children. Some packaging does not mention tobacco as an ingredient, and some brands are pitched as candies - featuring packaging with children's faces and are brightly colored. Some are chocolate-flavored, and some are marketed as breath fresheners.
Mu'assel.
"Mu'assel", shisha tobacco, hookah tobacco, or simply "shisha" is a somewhat moist form of tobacco that is mixed with glycerin and coagulated with molasses or other sticky sweeteners and has been popular in the Middle-East for centuries. It is often smoked with a hookah. Its names include "ma'sal" (also romanized as the aforementioned "mu'assel"), "tumbâk", and "jurâk".
Snuff.
Snuff is a generic term for fine-ground smokeless tobacco products. Originally the term referred only to dry snuff, a fine tan dust popular mainly in the 18th century. In the U.S., this is often called "Scotch Snuff", a folk-etymology derivation of the scorching process used to dry the cured tobacco by the factory. Snuff powder originated in the UK town of Great Harwood and was famously ground in the town's monument prior to local distribution and transport further up north to Scotland.
European ("dry") snuff is intended to be "sniffed" up the nose, where nicotine is absorbed through the mucous membranes in the nostrils. Snuff is not "snorted" (such as in the way cocaine is) because snuff shouldn't get past the nose, i.e.; into sinuses, throat or lungs. Generally a small portion of dry snuff is either pinched in the fingers or laid out on the wrist of the user, from where it is sniffed.
European snuff comes in several varieties: Plain, Toast (fine ground - "very" dry), "Medicated" (menthol, camphor, eucalyptus, etc.), Scented, and Schmalzler, a German variety. The major brand names of European snuffs are: Toque Tobacco (UK), Bernards (Germany), Fribourg & Treyer (UK), Gawith (UK), Gawith Hoggarth] (UK), Hedges (UK), Lotzbeck (Germany), McChrystal's (UK), Pöschl (Germany), Toque (UK), and Wilsons of Sharrow (UK).
American ("moist") snuff is a term synonymous with dipping tobacco.
Snus.
Snus is a type of smokeless tobacco originating from and popular in Sweden and other Scandinavian countries. It differs from moist snuff or chewing tobacco in that it is made from steam-cured tobacco leaves, rather than fire-cured ones, and its health effects are markedly different, with epidemiological studies showing lower rates of cancer and other tobacco-related health problems than cigarettes, American "chewing tobacco", Indian gutka or African-type tobacco products. Prominent Swedish brands are Swedish Match, General, Ettan, and Tre Ankare. In many Scandinavian countries, snus comes either in loose powder form, to be pressed into a small ball (called "baking" the snus) by hand or with the use of a special tool, or in small bags (called "portioned snus" form). Both are suitable for placing under one of the lips, most often the upper. Portioned snus is in particular a popular type because it keeps loose tobacco from becoming stuck between the user's teeth; they also produce less spittle when in contact with mucous membranes inside the mouth which extends the usage time of the tobacco product. However, loose form snus tends to deliver more nicotine than portioned form.
Tobacco gum.
Tobacco gum, like dissolvable tobacco, is a recent introduction - a type of chewing gum which, like nicotine gum provides nicotine through oral absorption. However, the difference between nicotine gum and tobacco gum is that tobacco gum is made from finely powdered tobacco mixed with a gum base, rather than freebase nicotine.
The only current company that produces tobacco gum is Firebreak.
Tobacco water.
Tobacco water is a traditional organic insecticide used in domestic gardening. Tobacco dust can be used similarly. It is produced by boiling strong tobacco in water, or by steeping the tobacco in water for a longer period. When cooled the mixture can be applied as a spray, or 'painted' on to the leaves of garden plants, where it will prove deadly to insects.
Basque "angulero" fishermen kill immature eels (elvers) in an infusion of tobacco leaves before parboiling them in salty water for transportation to market as "angulas", a seasonal delicacy.
Topical tobacco paste.
Topical tobacco paste is sometimes recommended as a treatment for wasp, hornet, fire ant, scorpion, and bee stings. An amount equivalent to the contents of a cigarette is mashed in a cup with about a 0.5 to 1 teaspoon of water to make a paste that is then applied to the affected area. Paste has a diameter of 4 to 5 cm (1.5 to 2 inches) and may need to be moistened in dry weather. If made and applied immediately, complete remission is common within 20–30 minutes, at which point the paste can be removed. The next day there may be a some residual itching, but virtually no swelling or redness. There seems to be no scientific evidence, as yet, that this common home remedy works to relieve pain. For about 2 percent of people, allergic reactions can be life-threatening and require emergency treatment. For more on this, see bee stings.

</doc>
<doc id="18882310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882310" title="Şuşulu">
Şuşulu

Şuşulu (also, Şüşiilü, Şüşülü, and Shushulu) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882320" title="Yuxarı Quşçular">
Yuxarı Quşçular

Yuxarı Quşçular (also, Yuxarı Kuşçular and Yukhary Kushchular) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882321" title="Port Neuf National Forest">
Port Neuf National Forest

Port Neuf National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Idaho on March 2, 1907 with . On July 1, 1908 the forest was combined with Pocatello National Forest and the name was discontinued. The lands are presently included in Caribou National Forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882323" title="Kirov, Shusha">
Kirov, Shusha

Kirov (Armenian: Հինշեն, "Hinshen"[http://www.eki.ee/cgi-bin/mkn.cgi?form=mm&kohanimi=&maakond=AZ&nimeliik=&of=tb&staatus=%3D]) (also Koynashen) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882327" title="Berdadzor">
Berdadzor

Berdadzor () (also, Bertadzor) is a village in Nagorno-Karabakh. It has been under Armenian control since the end of the Nagorno-Karabakh War.

</doc>
<doc id="18882329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882329" title="Böyük Galadərəsi">
Böyük Galadərəsi

Böyük Galadərəsi (also, Böyük Qala dərəsi, Böyük Qaladərəsi, Mets Shen, Metskaladeresi, and Metsqaladərəsi) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882333" title="Xərxan, Shusha">
Xərxan, Shusha

Xərxan (also, Kherikhan and Kherkhan) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882338" title="Göytala">
Göytala

Göytala (also, Kanach’t’ala and Kanashtala) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882345" title="Yextsahoğ">
Yextsahoğ

Yextsahoğ (also, Ieghtsahogh, Yeghtsahogh, Yegtsaog, Yekhtsahogh, and Yekhtsaveg) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882348" title="Qaradağlı, Shusha">
Qaradağlı, Shusha

Qaradağlı (also, Karadagly) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882353" title="Turşsu, Shusha">
Turşsu, Shusha

Turşsu (also, Lisagor) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882357" title="Zarıslı">
Zarıslı

Zarıslı (also, Zarisli, Zarist, and Zarysly) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882361" title="Dashalty">
Dashalty

Dashalty (, also K’arintak ) is a village in Nagorno-Karabakh, which is de jure part of Azerbaijan but under secessionist Armenian rule. The population consists of ethnic Armenians, and both the Azerbaijani and Armenian names of the village mean below-the-rock, referring to the sheer vertical cliffs towering above the village, on top of which Shusha is built.
Shusha located just above this village, was the last Azerbaijani stronghold in the mountainous part of Karabakh to be captured by Armenians in the Karabakh war. On January 26, 1992 Azerbaijani Defense Minister "Mehdiyev led a disastrous sortie out of Shusha to capture the Armenian village of Karintak", dozens of Azerbaijani soldiers died. 
The old town square is relatively well preserved, showing some traditional pre-Soviet architecture of the region. There is also a plain village church that was restored by Land and Culture Organization volunteers in 1999-2000. About 3 km downriver there is a mossy waterfall named "Zontik", because of its resemblance to an umbrella in the rain.

</doc>
<doc id="18882363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882363" title="İmamqulular">
İmamqulular

İmamqulular (also, Imamk’ul, Imankouloular, and Imankuluklar) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882366" title="Xanalı">
Xanalı

Xanalı (also, Khanali and Khanaly) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882368" title="Zamanpəyəsi">
Zamanpəyəsi

Zamanpəyəsi (also, Zaman-Payasy and Zamanpeyasi) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882374" title="Allahqulular">
Allahqulular

Allahqulular (also, Aliahqulular, Aliahk’uch’ular, Aliakhkulular, and Isaboulagh) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882376" title="Xanlıqpəyə">
Xanlıqpəyə

Xanlıqpəyə (also, Xanlıq-pəyə, Khanali, Khanalp’eya, Khanlikp’aya, Khanlykhpeya, and Khanlykpeya) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882379" title="Laçınlar">
Laçınlar

Laçınlar (also, Lach’inlar) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882380" title="Xəlfəli, Shusha">
Xəlfəli, Shusha

Xəlfəli (also, Khalfali and Khalfalikyshlak) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882384" title="Məmişlər, Shusha">
Məmişlər, Shusha

Məmişlər (also, Mamishlar) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882388" title="Şırlan">
Şırlan

Şırlan (also, Shirlan, Shrlan, and Shyrlan) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882389" title="Çaykənd, Shusha">
Çaykənd, Shusha

Çaykənd () (also, Ch’ayk’end) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882395" title="Malıbəyli">
Malıbəyli

Malıbəyli (also, Malibeyli and Malybeyli) or Ajapnyak () is a village located "de facto" in Shushi Province of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic and "de jure" in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882397" title="Aşağı Quşçular">
Aşağı Quşçular

Aşağı Quşçular (also, Ashagy Kushchular and Kushchular) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882430" title="Gulf Cup of Nations Under 23">
Gulf Cup of Nations Under 23

The Gulf Cup of Nations for Under 23s is an annual international football competition organised by the Union Arab de Football Association, contested by the national teams of nations in the Gulf region. The first edition of the tournament was held in 2008 and was played in a round-robin group of five nations.
Under 23 Gulf Cup of Nations.
"" A round-robin tournament determined the final standings.

</doc>
<doc id="18882439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882439" title="USS Proton (AG-147)">
USS Proton (AG-147)

USS "Proton" (AG-147/AKS-28) -- also known as USS "LST-1078" – was an launched by the U.S. Navy during the final months of World War II. "Proton" served as a troop ship, a cargo ship and as an electronic parts supply ship for the U.S. Pacific Fleet and was decommissioned following the Korean War.
Constructed at Hingham, Massachusetts.
"LST–1078" was laid down 27 March 1945 by Bethlehem Shipbuilding Co., Hingham, Massachusetts; launched 25 April 1945; and commissioned 15 May 1945.
World War II-related service.
Following shakedown in Chesapeake Bay, "LST–1078" departed New York, New York, 22 June 1945, and proceeded via the Panama Canal to Pearl Harbor, arriving 21 July. 
Departing Hawaiian waters 31 August, she debarked Army occupation troops at Wakayama, Japan, 29 September. Proceeding to Lingayen Gulf, Philippine Islands, she embarked troops, and returned to Wakayama. Departing Japan 4 November, she sailed via Guam and Tinian to Pearl Harbor, arriving 6 December. Upon completion of shuttle duty and training in Hawaiian waters, she sailed 7 October 1946 for San Francisco, California, arriving 18 October.
After overhaul, she sailed via Pearl Harbor and Shanghai, China, to Tsingtao, China, where she served from January to October 1947. Departing on the 8th, she arrived San Pedro, California, 8 November. "LST–1078" decommissioned 29 April 1948 at San Diego, California, where she entered the Pacific Reserve Fleet.
Korean War operations.
"LST–1078" became "Proton" (AG–147) in January 1949. Returned to active status in February 1951, "Proton" underwent conversion to "AKS–28" at Mare Island Naval Shipyard. 
During the Korean War, she performed electronic supply and repair duties in Japan. Her support role required shuttling between Sasebo and Yokosuka, Japan, from 1 June 1952 to 5 June 1954. Arriving Subic Bay, Philippine Islands, 23 September, she carried out supply operations there and at Manila Bay. Returning to Sasebo 11 January 1955, she issued and repaired electronic equipment there and at Yokosuka. Following arrival at Subic Bay 13 December, she returned to Sasebo 9 February 1956. She arrived in Yokosuka 26 August, and then returned to Sasebo 26 November. She remained in Sasebo from 27 November 1956 to 30 April 1957, serving the U.S. 7th Fleet until sailing for home 20 November.
Post-war decommissioning.
Arriving Naval Supply Center, Oakland, California, 22 December, "Proton" was placed out of commission, in reserve, 22 April 1958. She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register 1 January 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="18882455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882455" title="Big Band sound">
Big Band sound

Big Band Sound may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="18882465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882465" title="Yerek-Mankunk">
Yerek-Mankunk

Yerek-Mankunk (also, Yerek-Mankuni) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882467" title="Godaksar">
Godaksar

Godaksar (also, Aghabekalanj and Aghabekalinj) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882477" title="1994–95 Scottish Challenge Cup">
1994–95 Scottish Challenge Cup

The 1994–95 Scottish Challenge Cup was the 5th season of the competition, which was also known as the B&Q Cup for sponsorship reasons. It was competed for by the 30 member clubs of the Scottish Football League. The previous champions were Falkirk, who defeated St. Mirren 3–0 in the 1993 final.
The final was played on 6 November 1994, between Dundee and Airdrieonians at McDiarmid Park in Perth. Airdrieonians won 3–2 after extra time, to win the tournament for the first time.
First round.
Caledonian Thistle and Greenock Morton received random byes into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="18882483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882483" title="Milnor number">
Milnor number

In mathematics, and particularly singularity theory, the Milnor number, named after John Milnor, is an invariant of a function germ.
If "f" is a complex-valued holomorphic function germ then the Milnor number of "f", denoted "μ(f)", is either an integer greater than or equal to zero, or it is infinite. It can be considered both a geometric invariant and an algebraic invariant. This is why it plays an important role in algebraic geometry and singularity theory.
Geometric interpretation.
Consider a holomorphic complex function germ "f":
Thus for an "n"-tuple of complex numbers formula_2 we get a complex number formula_3 We shall write formula_4
We say that "f" is singular at a point formula_5 if the first order partial derivatives formula_6 are all zero at formula_7. As the name might suggest: we say that a singular point formula_5 is isolated if there exists a sufficiently small neighbourhood formula_9 of formula_10 such that formula_10 is the only singular point in "U". We say that a point is a degenerate singular point, or that "f" has a degenerate singularity, at formula_5 if formula_10 is a singular point and the Hessian matrix of all second order partial derivatives has zero determinant at formula_10:
We assume that "f" has a degenerate singularity at "0". We can speak about the multiplicity of this degenerate singularity by thinking about how many points are infinitesimally glued. If we now perturb the image of "f" in a certain stable way the isolated degenerate singularity at "0" will split up into other isolated singularities which are non-degenerate! The number of such isolated non-degenerate singularities will be the number of points that have been infinitesimally glued.
Precisely, we take another function germ "g" which is non-singular at the origin and consider the new function germ "h := f + εg" where ε is very small. When "ε = 0" then "h = f". The function "h" is called the morsification of "f". It is very difficult to compute the singularities of "h", and indeed it may be computationally impossible. This number of points that have been infinitesimally glued, this local multiplicity of "f", is exactly the Milnor number of "f".
Algebraic interpretation.
Using some algebraic techniques we can calculate the Milnor number of "f" effortlessly. By formula_16 denote the ring of function germs formula_17. By formula_18 denote the Jacobian ideal of "f":
The local algebra of "f" is then given by the quotient algebra
Notice that this quotient space will actually be a vector space, although it may not be finite dimensional. The Milnor number is then equal to the complex dimension of the local algebra:
It follows from Hilbert's Nullstellensatz that formula_22 is finite if and only if the origin is an "isolated" critical point of "f"; that is, there is a neighbourhood of 0 in formula_23 such that the only critical point of "f" inside that neighbourhood is at 0.
Examples.
Here we give some worked examples in two variables. Working with only one is too simple and does not give a feel for the techniques, whereas working with three variables can be quite tricky. Two is a nice number. Also we stick to polynomials. If "f" is only holomorphic and not a polynomial, then we could have worked with the power series expansion of "f".
1.
Consider a function germ with a non-degenerate singularity at "0", say formula_24. The Jacobian ideal is just formula_25. We next compute the local algebra:
To see why this is true we can use Hadamard's lemma which says that we can write any function formula_27 as
for some constant "k" and functions formula_29 and formula_30 in formula_16 (where either formula_29 or formula_30 or both may be exactly zero). So, modulo functional multiples of "x" and "y", we can write "h" as a constant. The space of constant functions is spanned by 1, hence formula_34
It follows that "μ(f) = 1". It is easy to check that for any function germ "g" with a non-degenerate singularity at "0" we get "μ(g) = 1".
Note that applying this method to a non-singular function germ "g" we get "μ(g) = 0".
2.
Let formula_35, then
So in this case formula_37.
3.
One can show that if formula_38 then formula_39
This can be "explained" by the fact that "f" is singular at every point of the "x"-axis.
Versal Deformations.
Let "f" have finite Milnor number μ, and let formula_40 be a basis for the local algebra, considered as a vector space. Then a miniversal deformation of "f" is given by
where formula_43.
These deformations (or unfoldings) are of great interest in much of science.
Invariance.
We can collect function germs together to construct equivalence classes. One standard equivalence is "A"-equivalence. We say that two function germs formula_44 are "A"-equivalent if there exist diffeomorphism germs formula_45 and formula_46 such that formula_47: there exists a diffeomorphic change of variable in both domain and range which takes "f" to "g".
The Milnor number does not offer a complete invariant for function germs. We do have that if "f" and "g" are "A"-equivalent then "μ(f) = μ(g)".
The converse is false: there exist function germs "f" and "g" with "μ(f) = μ(g)" which are not "A"-equivalent. To see this consider formula_48 and formula_49. We have formula_50 but "f" and "g" are clearly not "A"-equivalent since the Hessian matrix of "f" is equal to zero while that of "g" is not (and the rank of the Hessian is an "A"-invariant, as is easy to see).

</doc>
<doc id="18882486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882486" title="Under 17 Gulf Cup of Nations">
Under 17 Gulf Cup of Nations

The Under 17 Gulf Cup of Nations is an annual international football competition organised by the Union Arab de Football Association, contested by the national teams of nations in the Persian Gulf region. 2001 was the first edition of the tournament and was played in a round-robin group of five nations.
Under 17 Gulf Cup of Nations.
Under 17 Gulf Cup of Nations

</doc>
<doc id="18882489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882489" title="Dzhamilli Vtoryye">
Dzhamilli Vtoryye

Dzhamilli Vtoryye (also, Dzhamilli) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.
This village is in an area occupied by the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It is suspected that this village has undergone a name change or no longer exists, as no Azerbaijani website mentions it under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18882492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882492" title="Bala Kəngərli, Tartar">
Bala Kəngərli, Tartar

Bala Kəngərli (also, Balakəngərli, Bala Kengerli and Bala-Kengerly) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 560. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882495" title="Hacılı, Barda">
Hacılı, Barda

Hacılı (also, Gadzhyly) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 442. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882503" title="Rəcəbli, Tartar">
Rəcəbli, Tartar

Rəcəbli (also, Radzhabli) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 484. The municipality consists of the villages of Rəcəbli and Kövdadıq.

</doc>
<doc id="18882506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882506" title="Kəbirli, Tartar">
Kəbirli, Tartar

Kəbirli (also, Kebirli and Kyabirli) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 702. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882522" title="Kiçan">
Kiçan

Kiçan (also, Kich’an) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882524" title="The Greenhouse Project">
The Greenhouse Project

The Greenhouse Project is a non-profit organization which began as an art project by college students to raise awareness about the growing need for aid for Uganda's orphans. The organization's main goals are to provide impoverished, underfunded orphanages around the world with the means to become self-sustaining. The original project was named after the Greenhouse Orphanage of Mengo, Uganda, the orphanage which inspired the project's beginning.
History of Greenhouse Orphanage.
In 2003, Kevin Kalibbala (August 11, 1987 - present) began adopting orphaned children into his home as a safe-haven from the dangers of his war-torn homeland of Uganda. Using his personal money as a way of providing for the children's school fees, clothing, food, shelter and medical needs, the Greenhouse Orphanage now supports 64 children in total; 37 children live in the orphanage year-round, and 56 children are attending school. Kevin and his siblings were also orphaned when they were young, and have dedicated their hearts and lives to the care of their fellow orphans of Uganda. He is currently attending Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia, and still funds the orphanage in his absence.
The Project's Beginning.
The Greenhouse Project was originally an art project by Florida State University student, Rachel Rossin, in response to the growing needs of the Greenhouse Orphanage in Mengo, Uganda. Having been introduced to Kalibbala, through mutual friends, Rossin applied for a creative research grant through Florida State University; soon after, she - with fellow FSU student and friend Heather Kettler - flew to the site in June 2008. While living there, Rossin taught the children technical and creative skills to express themselves through painting and drawing. They then returned to the United States to begin booking art shows as a means of raising funds for the children. The exhibit, which is multi-faceted, includes: 
The Greenhouse Project's main concentration is raising awareness and relief through utilizing the children's own art to empower them with a voice. A series of portraits and a small documentary is accompanying their art in a comprehensive show resulting in the final installment of the Greenhouse Project. This show exists to emphasize these children's humanity and value, by bringing to light the reality that all humans, on all continents, are connected in spite of racial, cultural or economic differences. The Greenhouse Project's art show is currently touring and booking art exhibits around the United States in order to raise awareness about the growing needs of Uganda's orphans.
The Organization.
The original art project started by Rossin showed immense potential to impact more than just one orphanage. It then expanded to become a non-profit organization in August 2008. The name carried over from the project's original title. The organization is a secular organization, holding no bias toward any peoples group racially, culturally, economically, or religiously.
Current Focus.
Currently, the Greenhouse Project is raising awareness and funds by giving presentations and having art shows. These funds are going toward meeting the immediate needs of the Greenhouse Orphanage, which includes, school fees, clothing, food, transportation, more land, electricity and running water.
Long-term Goals.
The long-term goals for the project is to provide resources for the orphanage to become self-sustaining. Then, GHP will begin working with a new orphanage with the same goals in mind.
Website and Contact.
To donate, book an exhibit, view the art, read Kevin's full story, or get involved, The Greenhouse Project can be contacted through their temporary website at http://greenhouseproject.rar-rar.com/news/.
Their main website is currently under construction, but can be found at http://www.theghp.org/

</doc>
<doc id="18882525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882525" title="Çanyataq">
Çanyataq

Çanyataq (also, Chankat’agh, Dzhanyatag, Janiatagh, and Janyat’agh) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882529" title="Gülyataq">
Gülyataq

Gülyataq (also, Gioulatagh, Gyul’yatag, and Gyulat’agh) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882531" title="Zəylik, Tartar">
Zəylik, Tartar

Zəylik (also, Dzaglik, Zagdig, and Zaglik) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882536" title="Qasapet">
Qasapet

Qasapet (also, Kasapat, Kasapet, Kousapat, and Kusapat) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882546" title="Dəmirli">
Dəmirli

Dəmirli (also, Damirlu and Damirlou) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882574" title="Robert S. Beecroft">
Robert S. Beecroft

Robert Stephen Beecroft is an American diplomat. He has served as United States Ambassador to Iraq since October 2012. 
Biography.
He holds a B.A. from Brigham Young University and a J.D. from the University of California, Berkeley. A member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, he was a Mormon missionary in Venezuela. He practiced law in the San Francisco office of an international law firm. 
He joined the United States Foreign Service in 1994. He carried out an assignment in Washington, D.C. as Executive Assistant to two Secretaries of State, Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice, and Special Assistant to a Deputy Secretary of State. He has also held assignments in the Department of State's Executive Secretariat and its Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs. Overseas he has served at the U.S. embassies in Amman, Riyadh, and Damascus. He served as Ambassador to the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan from August 2008 until June 2011.
He joined the U.S. embassy in Baghdad, Iraq, as Deputy Chief of Mission on July 14, 2011. He became Charge d'Affaires upon the departure of Ambassador James Jeffrey on June 1, 2012. On September 11, 2012, the White House Press Office announced that President Barack Obama had nominated Mr. Beecroft to the U.S. Senate to succeed Ambassador Jeffrey as the United States Ambassador to Iraq in the wake of the withdrawal of the nomination of Brett H. McGurk. He was confirmed by the Senate on September 22, and sworn in on October 9, 2012.
He is a recipient of the Department of State's Meritorious, Superior, and Distinguished Honor Awards and in April 2011 received the Diplomacy in Human Rights award.

</doc>
<doc id="18882609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882609" title="Aşağı Oratağ">
Aşağı Oratağ

Aşağı Oratağ (also, Nerk’in Horrat’agh, Nerkin Horatagh, and Nerkin Oratag) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882614" title="Ağabəyyalı">
Ağabəyyalı

Ağabəyyalı (also, Agabekalendzh, Aghabekalendg, and Aghabekalenj) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882616" title="Hüseynli">
Hüseynli

Hüseynli (also, Hiisənli, Hüsənli, Gusanli, Gusanly, and Guseynli) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,093. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882619" title="Kiçik Qarabəy">
Kiçik Qarabəy

Kiçik Qarabəy (also, Möhtätac, Mokhrat’agh, and Mokhratag) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882621" title="Deford">
Deford

Deford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18882623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882623" title="Aghdara (town)">
Aghdara (town)

Martakert ( "Martakyert", also spelled as "Mardakert") or Aghdara (, also spelled as "Agdere" or "Aqdara") is the "de facto" administrative center of Martakert Province of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic and a "de jure" town in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. The town is "de facto" part of Nagorno-Karabakh Republic since the end of the 1991-94 Nagorno-Karabakh War.

</doc>
<doc id="18882642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882642" title="Ulu Qarabəy">
Ulu Qarabəy

Ulu Qarabəy (also, Metsşen and Metsshen) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882644" title="Katharina Fritsch">
Katharina Fritsch

Katharina Fritsch (born 14 February 1956) is a German sculptor. She lives and works in Düsseldorf.
Life.
Born in Essen, West Germany, Fritsch first studied history and art history at the University of Münster and, in 1977, transferred to Kunstakademie Düsseldorf. There, she was a student of Fritz Schwegler until 1984. 
In 2001, Fritsch was appointed Professor of Sculpture at the Academy of Fine Arts, Münster, a post she held until 2010. She is currently Professor of Sculpture at Kunstakademie Düsseldorf.
Work.
Katharina Fritsch is known for her sculptures and installations that reinvigorate familiar objects with a jarring and uncanny sensibility. Her works' iconography is drawn from many different sources, including Christianity, art history and folklore. She attracted international attention for the first time in the mid-1980s with life-size works such as a true-to-scale elephant. Fritsch’s art is often concerned with the psychology and expectations of visitors to a museum. 
Gary Garrels wrote that “One of the remarkable features of Fritsch’s work is its ability both to capture the popular imagination by its immediate appeal and to be a focal point for the specialized discussions of the contemporary art world. This all too infrequent meeting point is at the center of her work, as it addresses the ambiguous and difficult relationships between artists and the public and between art and its display—that is, the role of art and exhibitions and of the museum in the late twentieth century.” The special role colour plays in Fritsch's work has roots in her childhood visits to her grandfather, a salesman for Faber-Castell art supplies, whose garage was well-stocked with his wares. 
Her most recognized works are "Rattenkönig/Rat King" (1993), a giant circle of black polyester rats, included in the 1999 Venice Biennale. Other works include "Mönch (Monk)" (2003), a stoic, monochromatic male figure, made of solid polyester with a smooth, matte black surface; "Figurengruppe / Group of Figures" (2006-2008), an installation of nine elements; and "Hahn/Cock" (2010), a 14 ft (4.3m) cockerel in ultramarine blue to be shown on London's Trafalgar Square for 18 months from 25 July 2013.
In her working process, Fritsch combines the techniques of traditional sculpture with those of industrial production. While many of her early works were handcrafted, Fritsch now makes only the models for her sculptures and then hands these over to a factory for production, to near-pathological specifications. She uses these models to create moulds, from which the final sculptures are cast in materials such as plaster, polyester and aluminium. Many are made as editions, meaning that multiple casts are taken from one mould. For the duration of some of her exhibitions, Fritsch has made her multiples available for sale at the respective museums.
Exhibitions.
Fritsch showed her first sculptures in 1979. Her international breakthrough came in 1984 at Düsseldorf’s ‘Von hier aus’ (From Here On) exhibition. In 1988 she exhibited at the Kunsthalle Basel and in 1997 at the Museum für Gegenwartskunst. Her work has since been the subject of exhibitions at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, the Tate Modern, and the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago as well as of a survey exhibition at Kunsthaus Zurich and Deichtorhallen (2009). She is represented in the collections of the Museum of Modern Art, New York; the Philadelphia Museum of Art; the Staatsgalerie Stuttgart; and the Museum Brandhorst, Munich. Her first major exhibition in the U.S. was held at Dia Center for the Arts in 1993. She represented Germany at the 1995 Venice Biennale.
She has been represented by White Cube in London and the Matthew Marks Gallery in New York since 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18882645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882645" title="Qazyan, Tartar">
Qazyan, Tartar

Qazyan (also, Kaz’yan) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 784. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882651" title="Tommy Thompson (linebacker)">
Tommy Thompson (linebacker)

Thomas Wright "Tommy" Thompson (January 6, 1927 – October 1, 1990) was an American football linebacker and center who played for the Cleveland Browns in the All-America Football Conference (AAFC) and the National Football League (NFL) in the late 1940s and early 1950s. He played college football at the College of William & Mary in Virginia.
Thompson was a standout athlete at his high school in New Jersey. He continued playing football at William & Mary between 1944 and 1948 – his career was interrupted by a year of service in the U.S. military during World War II – and helped the team to a series of winning records and bowl appearances. He was named an all-Southern Conference center three times in college and was a third-string All-American in 1948, his senior year.
Thompson joined the Browns in 1949 and played primarily as a linebacker as the team won the AAFC championship. The Browns joined the NFL in 1950 and won the league championship that year. Thompson was a leader for Cleveland, serving as its captain in 1952 and 1953, his final two seasons. He was named a first-team All-Pro in 1953. After retiring, Thompson worked as a financial executive and was a trustee at William & Mary. He was inducted into his college's athletics hall of fame in 1969 and into the Virginia Sports Hall of Fame in 1975. He died of cancer in 1990.
Early life and college.
Thompson grew up in Woodbridge Township, New Jersey and attended Woodbridge High School. He played football there and was named an all-state athlete under head coach Nick Priscoe. After graduating, Thompson attended the College of William & Mary in Virginia, where he continued to play football as a center. He also played linebacker on defense for the William & Mary Indians, often staying on the field for the entire duration of games. Thompson played for William & Mary in 1944 and between 1946 and 1948 – his career was interrupted by a brief stint in the U.S. Army during World War II. He was a leader on the team and an anchor of its line.
William & Mary finished with an 8–2 win–loss record in 1946, and Thompson was named an all-Virginia center. The team improved to 9–2 the following year under head coach Rube McCray and won the Southern Conference, but lost to Arkansas in the Dixie Bowl. Thompson was again named an all-Virginia player and was named to an all-Southern Conference team. The "Associated Press" also named him an honorable mention All-American. In 1948, William & Mary posted a 7–2–2 win–loss–tie record and beat Oklahoma State in the Delta Bowl. Thompson was an all-state player for the third time in a row and an all-Southern Conference player for the second year running. The "Associated Press" named him a third-string All-American, and he was selected to play in the annual College All-Star Game, a now-defunct matchup between the champion of the professional National Football League (NFL) and a selection of the best college players in the country.
Professional career.
Thompson was drafted in 1948 by the Washington Redskins of the NFL, but he instead signed with the Cleveland Browns of the All-America Football Conference (AAFC), a team coached by Paul Brown. Led by a sturdy defense and an offense that featured quarterback Otto Graham, fullback Marion Motley and end Dante Lavelli, the Browns finished with a 9–1–2 record in 1949 and won the AAFC championship. Thompson spent some time at center during his rookie year, but was mostly a middle linebacker in the Browns' 5-3 defense in his first three seasons.
The AAFC dissolved after the 1949 season, and the Browns were absorbed by the more established NFL. The Browns won the NFL championship in 1950, and advanced to the championship game but lost each year between 1951 and 1953, Thompson's last season. During his last two years, he was the right-side linebacker after Cleveland switched to a 5-2 defense. He was named a second-team All-Pro in 1951 an 1952 and a first-team All-Pro in 1953. Thompson, who was known as a sure tackler and a tenacious leader on defense, was the Browns' team captain in his final two seasons.
Later life and death.
Thompson started a career in the financial industry after retiring from football. He was inducted into the William & Mary Athletics Hall of Fame in 1969 and the Virginia Sports Hall of Fame in 1975. Thompson, who served on William & Mary's board of trustees, was appointed a senior vice president at the brokerage Shearson Lehman Hutton in early 1990, heading the company's Baltimore office. He died of cancer in later that year. Thompson and his wife, Elizabeth, had four children.

</doc>
<doc id="18882652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882652" title="Seysulan">
Seysulan

Seysulan (also, Artsvashen and Seisoulan) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village is on the cease-fire line between the armed forces of the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic and those of Azerbaijan. There have been allegations of cease fire violations in the village's vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="18882655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882655" title="Miqrelalay">
Miqrelalay

Miqrelalay (also, Mingrelsk and Minqrelsk) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882661" title="Çardaqlı, Tartar">
Çardaqlı, Tartar

Çardaqlı (also, Mağavuz, Maghavouz, Maghavuz, Maguvuz, and Mghoz) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. There is one mud hut, which is the centre of the village. The priest is called Jason Hines who travels around the village offering care to the sick and elderly.

</doc>
<doc id="18882667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882667" title="Qızıloba, Tartar">
Qızıloba, Tartar

Qızıloba (also, Qızıl Oba and Karmiravan) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village is on the cease-fire line between the armed forces of the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic and those of Azerbaijan. There have been allegations of cease fire violations in the village's vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="18882680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882680" title="Qızıloba">
Qızıloba

Qızıloba may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18882688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882688" title="They Nest">
They Nest

They Nest (also known as Creepy Crawlers) is a 2000 thriller / horror film directed by Ellory Elkayem.
Plot.
Stressed by marital and alcohol problems Dr. Ben Cahill freezes up under pressure in the emergency room. He decides to unwind a few months in the house he and his ex bought on Orr island, a fishing community off the coast of Maine. Here he starts examining, at the request of sheriff Hobbs, some animal and human corpses with strange internal as well as external injuries. The doc observes one of the red cockroaches which recently infest the island has pincers, most unusual, reads up and contacts the university entomology department, where this African species isn't too well-known either. He discovers that these cockroach-like insects that burrow into people and nest inside them.

</doc>
<doc id="18882692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882692" title="Qaynaq">
Qaynaq

Qaynaq (also, Kaynag and Kaynakh) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,590. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882694" title="Köçərli">
Köçərli

Köçərli (also, Kuçərli and Kyucharli) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,528. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882696" title="Azad Qaraqoyunlu">
Azad Qaraqoyunlu

Azad Qaraqoyunlu (also, Azadkarakoyunlu) is a town and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,487. The municipality consists of the villages of Azad Qaraqoyunlu, Qapanlı, and İlxıçılar.

</doc>
<doc id="18882698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882698" title="Lüləsaz">
Lüləsaz

Lüləsaz (Armenian: Հակոբ Կամարի, "Hakob Kamari") (also Lioulasaz, Lulasaz, and Lyulyasaz) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882710" title="Qaraağacı">
Qaraağacı

Qaraağacı (also, Qarağacı, Qaraağaçı, Gharaaghach’i, Karaagadzhi, and Karaagadzhy) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,302. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882736" title="Garry Mills">
Garry Mills

Garry Mills (also Gary Mills) (born 13 October 1941, in West Wickham, Kent, England), was a British pop singer.
Mills had three hits on the UK Singles Chart in the early 1960s. Released on Top Rank Records in 1960 were "Look for a Star" (charted at #7) and "Top Teen Baby" (#24). "I'll Step Down", released on Decca in 1961, charted at #39. In the United States, "Look for a Star" reached #26 on the Billboard Hot 100.
"Look for a Star" also made the Hot 100 in versions by Deane Hawley and Garry Miles, the latter a pseudonym for Buzz Cason. The song, composed by Tony Hatch, appeared in the soundtrack to the horror film, "Circus of Horrors" (1960).

</doc>
<doc id="18882775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882775" title="Tonaşen">
Tonaşen

Tonaşen (also, Tonashen) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882778" title="İsmayılbəyli">
İsmayılbəyli

İsmayılbəyli (also, Ismailbeyli) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,405. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882782" title="Swann Galleries">
Swann Galleries

Swann Galleries is a New York City auction house founded in 1941. It is a specialist auctioneer of antique and rare works on paper, and it is considered the oldest continually operating New York specialist auction house.
The company has separate specialist departments for books, autographs and manuscripts, maps and atlases, photographs and photographic literature, prints and drawings, vintage posters, and African-American fine art. Additionally, Swann conducts annual sales of printed and manuscript African-Americana and of magic books, posters and other collectibles. In total, Swann conducts over 35 catalogued live auctions a year.
History.
Book dealer Benjamin Swann founded the family-owned firm in 1941. In 1970, George Lowry acquired the business from Mr. Swann, and it is now headed by Nicholas D. Lowry, the third-generation at the company’s helm.
For over thirty years, Swann has been located on East 25th Street, just one block east of Madison Square Park, at the boundaries of the historic Murray Hill, Gramercy Park, and Flatiron districts. 
Affiliations.
Swann is one of the founding members of International Auctioneers (IA), formed in 1993 by some of the world’s leading independent auction houses. Current European members are located in Stockholm, Cologne, Milan, Paris, Zurich, Geneva, and Vienna.
Swann is the only auction house that is a member of the Antiquarian Booksellers' Association of America, which actively promotes an ethical professionalism in the dealing and trading of rare books.
Many of the specialists at Swann share their expertise on PBS’ "Antiques Roadshow", where they assess people’s antiques and collectibles in the quest for hidden gems.

</doc>
<doc id="18882784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882784" title="Poladlı, Tartar">
Poladlı, Tartar

Poladlı (also, Poladly and Polatly) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 441. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882786" title="Göyarx">
Göyarx

Göyarx (also, Levonarkh and Levonarx) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village is on the cease-fire line between the armed forces of the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic and those of Azerbaijan. There have been allegations of cease fire violations in the village's vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="18882788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882788" title="Dostagir">
Dostagir

Dostagir (also, Dastagir, Dastakert, and Daztagir) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882807" title="Maraga, Azerbaijan">
Maraga, Azerbaijan

Maraga (, or Maragha) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. On April 10, 1992, during the Nagorno-Karabakh war, Maraga was the scene of a massacre of ethnic Armenians by Azerbaijani forces, as retaliation for the Khojaly Massacre committed by Armenian forces less than two months earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="18882818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882818" title="Həsənqaya, Tartar">
Həsənqaya, Tartar

∇
Həsənqaya (also, Gasankaya, Haykajur, "Armenian: Margushevan") is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. Prior to the Nagorno-Karabakh War is war located within the Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast. Since then it has been under the control of the independent Republic of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882823" title="Səhləbad">
Səhləbad

Səhləbad (also, Səhlaabad, Sahlaabad, Sakhlaabad, Sakhlabad, and Sakhlanbad) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,075. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882826" title="Nerkin Chaylu">
Nerkin Chaylu

Nerkin Chaylu (also, Nerk’in Chaylu, Ch’aylu, Getk, Nerkin Chailou, and Nerkin Chayly) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882828" title="Martis (disambiguation)">
Martis (disambiguation)

Martis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18882829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882829" title="Madagiz">
Madagiz

Madagiz (also, Madaghis, Madagis, Madagiv, Mataghis, and Terterges) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882833" title="Eric Schansberg">
Eric Schansberg

David Eric "Eric" Schansberg (born March 19, 1965) is a professor of economics at Indiana University Southeast, an author, and a two-time Libertarian candidate for Indiana’s 9th Congressional District.
Early life, education, and career.
Schansberg was born in Louisville, Kentucky. He also lived in Monroeville, Pennsylvania, in Malone, New York, and in Fairfax, Virginia, where he attended Chantilly High School and graduated from Robinson Secondary School. He attended George Mason University and graduated in 1986 with a BA in Mathematics and a BS in Economics. Working his way through school, he held jobs at McDonald's and Safeway.
He went to Texas A&M University and in 1991 earned a Ph.D. in economics. His dissertation was on congressional labor markets, focusing on the determinants of congressional tenure and term limits. After teaching as a visiting professor at Texas A&M in 1991–92, Schansberg returned to Louisville to teach economics at Indiana University Southeast in New Albany, Indiana.
In 1995, he married Tonia Baker. They have four boys – two by adoption and two by pregnancy.
Schansberg was promoted to associate professor in 1997, earned tenure in 1998, and was promoted to professor in 2000. He was also Distinguished Visiting Professor at The King's College (New York) in New York City) in 2005–06. He has been a member of the Faculty Senate Executive Committee, and coordinator of Economics, Finance and Statistics within the School of Business.
Writings.
Schansberg is the author of two books on public policy–"Poor Policy: How Government Harms the Poor" (Westview Press, 1996) ISBN 9780813328256 and "Turn Neither to the Right nor to the Left: A Thinking Christian’s Guide to Politics and Public Policy" (Alertness Books, 2003) ISBN 9780972975452.
He is also the author or co-author of academic articles for journals such as "Regulation", "Economics and Politics", "Public Choice", "Economic Inquiry", "Social Science Quarterly", "Markets and Morality", "Social Service Review" 
!|Year
!|Democrat
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|Republican
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|Libertarian Party
!|Votes
!|Pct

</doc>
<doc id="18882834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882834" title="Mamırlı">
Mamırlı

Mamırlı (also, Mamyrly) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,547. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882839" title="Çaylı, Tartar">
Çaylı, Tartar

Çaylı (also, Verin Tchajlu, Aygestan, Ch’aylu, Chailu, Getk, Stalino, Verin Chailou, Verin-Chaylu, and Verin-Chayly) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village is on the cease-fire line between the armed forces of the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic and those of Azerbaijan. There have been allegations of cease fire violations in the village's vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="18882860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882860" title="USS Colington">
USS Colington

USS "Colington" is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="18882863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882863" title="Dalvey, Elgin">
Dalvey, Elgin

Dalvey is a place near to the town of Forres in Moray, Scotland. The name gave rise to the Baronets Grant of Dalvey, Elgin.

</doc>
<doc id="18882867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882867" title="Kakhrylyar">
Kakhrylyar

Kakhrylyar (also, Kakhrilar) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882870" title="Buruc">
Buruc

Buruc (also, Burudzh) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,005. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882873" title="Seydimli">
Seydimli

Seydimli (also, Seyidimli and Seidimli) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,495. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882876" title="Sarıcalı (40° 22' N 47° 01' E), Tartar">
Sarıcalı (40° 22' N 47° 01' E), Tartar

Sarıcalı (also, Sarydzhaly) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18882883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882883" title="Hacıqərvənd">
Hacıqərvənd

Hacıqərvənd (also, Gadzhi-Karvend and Gadzhykarvend) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,592. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882887" title="Talış, Tartar">
Talış, Tartar

Talısh (also, T’alish, T’alrinj, Talysh, and Trishetsik) is a village in Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has been under Armenian control since the 1994 ceasefire.

</doc>
<doc id="18882890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882890" title="Cəmilli, Tartar">
Cəmilli, Tartar

Cəmilli (also, Dzhamilli and Dzhamily) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,520. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882919" title="2008 Under 17 Gulf Cup of Nations">
2008 Under 17 Gulf Cup of Nations

The Under 17 Gulf Cup of Nations was played for the 5th time in 2008.
The championship was held in Saudi Arabia.
Only 4 nations took part, hosts Saudi Arabia, UAE, Oman and Bahrain. The sides used it as preparation for the upcoming AFC Youth Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18882929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882929" title="Grantsville National Forest">
Grantsville National Forest

Grantsville National Forest was established as the Grantsville Forest Reserve by the General Land Office in Utah on May 6, 1904 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905, it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 Grantsville was combined with Wasatch National Forest and the name was discontinued. The lands are presently included in Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882944" title="Palacio de los Reyes de Navarra, Estella">
Palacio de los Reyes de Navarra, Estella

The Palacio de los Reyes de Navarra (), also called the "Palacio de los Duques de Granada de Ega", is a historical building in Estella, Spain; it is the Romanesque former royal palace of the Kings and Queens of Navarre from the late twelfth century to the mid-fifteenth. In the twentieth century the building, which had fallen into disrepair, was restored and in 1991 converted into the Museo Gustavo de Maeztu (), housing the work of the painter Gustavo de Maeztu y Whitney and open to the public. The building is important in the history of architecture in Navarre, since it is the only civil building extant from the Romanesque period. In 1931, it was declared a national monument by the Spanish government. 
The main structure of the palace and its rectangular floor plan date from the twelfth century, but the tower and the gallery are sixteenth-century additions. The main building is two storeys, but the tower is three. The original interior, including all walls, is lost. The main façade, which faces the entrance to San Pedro de la Rúa, includes two early columns with narrative capitals: the left one tells the story of Roland and Ferragut, the right one is a scene from hell of four demons leading some misers to their punishment. Capitals decorated with vegetation top the other two columns. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882950" title="Kəngərli, Tartar">
Kəngərli, Tartar

Kəngərli (also, Kənğərli, Kengerli, and Kengerly) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,361. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882959" title="General Electric GE4">
General Electric GE4

The General Electric GE4 turbojet engine was designed in the late 1960s as the powerplant for the Boeing 2707 supersonic transport. The GE4 was a nine-stage, single-shaft, axial-flow turbojet based largely on the General Electric YJ93 which powered the North American XB-70 bomber. The GE4 was the most powerful engine of its era, producing dry, and with afterburner. The Boeing 2707 was cancelled in 1971, putting an end to further work on the GE4.

</doc>
<doc id="18882960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882960" title="Split Film Festival">
Split Film Festival

Split Film Festival or Split International Festival of New Film, is one of the oldest film and video festivals in Croatia that showcases new, creative, personal, radical works of all styles, themes, genres and lengths, whether film, or new media, preferably from outside the mainstream. Festival's previous guests included Chris Marker, Jonas Mekas, Jean Marie Straub & Daniele Huillot, late Stan Brakhage, Claire Denis, Bela Tarr, Lars von Trier and Cyrus Frisch.
The Festival presents screenings of selected films, videos, interactive media, installations, performances, retrospectives workshops, discussions and festival's catalogue.
Split Film Festival takes place every Summer in Split, Croatia. The Festival is open to all new, innovative, personal, experimental film, radical, subversive etc. work (film, video and new media) of all genres and lengths, preferably from outside the mainstream, whether it was made on a shoestring budget or is a studio release.

</doc>
<doc id="18882962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882962" title="Salt Lake National Forest">
Salt Lake National Forest

Salt Lake National Forest was established as the Salt Lake Forest Reserve by the General Land Office in Utah on May 26, 1904 with . In 1905 all federal forests were transferred to the U.S. Forest Service. On July 1, 1908 Salt Lake was combined with Wasatch National Forest and the name was discontinued. The lands are presently included in Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882967" title="Dəmirçilər, Tartar">
Dəmirçilər, Tartar

Dəmirçilər (also, Damirchilyar and Demirchilyar) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,078. 

</doc>
<doc id="18882974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882974" title="Dəmirçilər">
Dəmirçilər

Dəmirçilər may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18882990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882990" title="Qaradağlı (40° 26' N 46° 57' E), Tartar">
Qaradağlı (40° 26' N 46° 57' E), Tartar

Qaradağlı (also, Gharadaghli, Garadaghly, and Karadagly) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,092.

</doc>
<doc id="18882995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882995" title="Xoruzlu">
Xoruzlu

Xoruzlu (also, Khoruzlu) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,400.

</doc>
<doc id="18882997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882997" title="Borsunlu, Tartar">
Borsunlu, Tartar

Borsunlu (also, Borsunlu Pervoye and Borsunly) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,093. The municipality consists of the villages of Borsunlu and Qırmızı-Saqqallar.

</doc>
<doc id="18882998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18882998" title="HD 165493">
HD 165493

HD 165493 is double star.

</doc>
<doc id="18883003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883003" title="Beaver, Kansas">
Beaver, Kansas

Beaver, Kansas is an unincorporated community in Beaver Township, Barton County, Kansas
Its elevation is .

</doc>
<doc id="18883005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883005" title="Borsunlu">
Borsunlu

Borsunlu or Borsunly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18883008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883008" title="Kosta Yanev">
Kosta Yanev

Kosta Yanev (; born 27 April 1983 in Burgas) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Neftochimic Burgas as a midfielder.
He is a defensive midfielder who plays in the holding midfield role or as an attacking midfielder. Despite often being used in a defensive position he is mainly an attacking player. He has been capped for the Bulgarian national team.
Career.
Born in Burgas, Yanev started to play football in local club Naftex. In 2004, he was loaned to Pomorie. In 2005, Yanev returned to Naftex Burgas. After that the midfielder played for the other club from Burgas –– Chernomorets. 
In January 2008, Yanev signed with OFC Sliven 2000 and five months later joined the club champion of Bulgarian second division. Next season in the top division Kosta left excellent impressions in the football specialists with his good play. In November 2008, the national coach Plamen Markov called Yanev in Bulgaria national football team for a friendly match with Serbia.
On 24 June 2009, Yanev signed a contract for 3 years with CSKA Sofia. On 15 August 2009, he scored his first goal for the Armymen in the 3–0 home win against Beroe Stara Zagora in a league match.

</doc>
<doc id="18883011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883011" title="Dəlləklər">
Dəlləklər

Dəlləklər (also, Dellyaklyar and Delleklyar) is a village in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qaramanlı.

</doc>
<doc id="18883012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883012" title="Bəyimsarov">
Bəyimsarov

Bəyimsarov (also, Begimsarov, Beyimsarov, and Sarov) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,591. 

</doc>
<doc id="18883013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883013" title="KDXN">
KDXN

KDXN is a radio station based in Dickinson, North Dakota (licensed to South Heart, North Dakota), and is owned by Totally Amped, LLC. The station is broadcasts a broad-based Adult Contemporary format. The station plays a broad mix of music from the 1970s to today, within the genres of Classic Rock, Country, Modern Rock, Adult Contemporary and Top 40.
History.
KDXN owners Totally Amped, LLC admits that getting into the business of radio was going to be a challenge, as this was an opportunity venture that was available in Dickinson, after original owners Western Edge Media, LLC went bankrupt while initially trying to start KDXN back in 2009 with a Country format. Upon the first year of broadcasting on the air, KDXN featured mostly an Adult Hits format. Critical reviews were welcomed on their Facebook fan page, and during the summer of 2011, an all request music program was introduced during the noon hour. As of September, 2011, The Mix 105.7 features a broadened format of newer music from the Country, Modern Rock, Hot Adult Contemporary and Top 40 charts as well as songs by artists from the Classic Rock era not normally heard on other stations.

</doc>
<doc id="18883019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883019" title="Sarov, Tartar">
Sarov, Tartar

Sarov (also, Musul’man Sarov, Musulman-Zarov, and Musurman-Sarov) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,495. The municipality consists of the villages of Sarov, Bildirçinli and Umudlu.

</doc>
<doc id="18883024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883024" title="Hüseynqulular, Tovuz">
Hüseynqulular, Tovuz

Hüseynqulular (also, Guseynkullar) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Göyəbaxan.

</doc>
<doc id="18883030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883030" title="Məşədivəlilər">
Məşədivəlilər

Məşədivəlilər (also, Məşədivəllər, Meshadivelilar, and Meshedi-Veliler) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Həsənli.

</doc>
<doc id="18883032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883032" title="Sukhoi T-60S">
Sukhoi T-60S

The Sukhoi T-60S was a planned Soviet supersonic intermediate range bomber that never got past the drawing board. Very little information is available about technical characteristics of this aircraft, which remains classified by the Sukhoi Design Bureau. It was believed that T-60S would have featured a variable geometry wing, flat lifting fuselage and two engines, equipped with two-dimensional thrust vectoring nozzles. The armament was to include up to six Kh-101 cruise missiles, as well as AS-15 and AS-16 missiles, free-fall nuclear weapons and precision guided conventional munitions. The project was first initiated by Sukhoi in 1984 but was cancelled after the Cold War ended in the early 1990s. The bomber was to have replaced the Tu-22M in the Soviet Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="18883036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883036" title="Yanıqpəyə">
Yanıqpəyə

Yanıqpəyə (also, Yanykhpeya) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18883052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883052" title="Böyük Şamlıq">
Böyük Şamlıq

Böyük Şamlıq (also, Bëyuk Shamlyk) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qəribli.

</doc>
<doc id="18883053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883053" title="Beaver National Forest">
Beaver National Forest

Beaver National Forest was established as the Beaver Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in Utah on January 24, 1906 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 Beaver was combined with Fillmore National Forest and the name was discontinued. The lands are presently included in Fishlake National Forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="18883059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883059" title="Nikolay Dimitrov (footballer born 1990)">
Nikolay Dimitrov (footballer born 1990)

Nikolay Dimitrov (; born on 12 June 1990) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Haskovo as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="18883065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883065" title="Roy McMakin">
Roy McMakin

Roy McMakin (born 1956 Lander, Wyoming) is a Seattle-based artist, designer and furniture maker. His furniture bridges the gap between art and design. Some of his pieces are entirely non-functional like "Untitled (Wooden Toilet)", which, as its title suggests, is an unpainted wooden toilet that serves most usefully as a witty conversation piece more so than an actual toilet. Many of his pieces are inspired by visual and verbal puns and other conceptual conceits: a boudoir in which every drawer is painted a different shade of white and every drawer knob is a slightly different size; or a white shag rug with a black square at its center that has had a quarter of its area shaved away showing that in order for the graphic flatness of the square to be realized, black thread must permeate the entire thickness of the rug, drawing our attention to the three-dimensionality of something that we ordinarily perceive as two-dimensional. McMakin’s art forces us to focus on the ontological complexities of furniture that, while it occupies the same space as sculpture, is not culturally recognized as such. Another example would be his "Untitled (Writing Table and Chair)", which, while fully functional, is painted a bright pink, making the table and chair appear more as an "objet d'art" than an actual desk. McMakin's furniture designs first came to public attention in 1987 through his Domestic Furniture showroom on Los Angeles' Beverly Boulevard. That store closed in 1994 when he moved to Seattle to be closer to the woods with which he was working, but selected pieces from that period are still manufactured by his Seattle workshop.
Curator Michael Darling has argued that McMakin’s intellectual tack to furniture was informed by his artistic education at the University of California, San Diego, which “was a hotbed of artistic engagement with the everyday. From Allan Kaprow, inventor of the Happening, to domestic conceptualist Eleanor Antin, environmental art pioneers Helen Mayer Harrison and Newton Harrison… the UCSD faculty espoused boundary-breaking, experimental approaches to art-making.” This boundary-breaking extends to McMakin's growing body of architectural work with his firm Domestic Architecture. Beginning with remodels of homes and office spaces in the 1990s, the artist now has a portfolio of ground-up houses that take his artistic concerns to a new level of ambition and complexity. Notable within the contemporary architectural scene, McMakin's homes freely embrace vernacular idioms, but utilize them in a way that is neither ironic, nostalgic, nor ideological. Borrowing from a wide variety of sources to best address the site, climate, or client's taste and personality, the homes are as engaging to "read" and "deconstruct" from an intellectual standpoint as they are intuitively functional. McMakin's architecture neatly dovetails with his other pursuits in furniture and sculpture, held together by an overarching investigation of how perception influences meaning.
McMakin has been the subject of exhibitions at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles; the Henry Art Gallery in Seattle; and the Portland Art Museum. In 2010, Skira Rizzoli published a comprehensive monograph on McMakin, "When Is a Chair Not a Chair." He is represented by the Matthew Marks Gallery in New York

</doc>
<doc id="18883070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883070" title="Bonsignori">
Bonsignori

Bonsignori (or "Buonsignori") was an Italian family whose notable members included:

</doc>
<doc id="18883076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883076" title="Hawes Street (MBTA station)">
Hawes Street (MBTA station)

Hawes Street is a station on the MBTA Green Line "C" Branch in Brookline, Massachusetts. Hawes Street is located on Beacon Street at Hawes Street. Hawes Street consists of two side platforms which serve the "C" Branch's two tracks. The travel time from the station to Park Street is 20 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="18883078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883078" title="Huddersfield Grammar School">
Huddersfield Grammar School

Hudderfield Grammar School is a profit-making coeducational independent school located in Huddersfield in West Yorkshire, England. The school was established in 1998 on the site of the former independent St David's School, which closed on 1 September 1995.
Since 2007 the school has been owned and operated by the Cognita Group. It is the largest independent school in Huddersfield to offer both primary and secondary education. 
In May 2013 Cognita announced that it plans to invest £3.5 million at the Huddersfield Grammar to improve the school's site and facilities. 

</doc>
<doc id="18883081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883081" title="Fillmore National Forest">
Fillmore National Forest

Fillmore National Forest was established as the Fillmore Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in Utah on May 19, 1906 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 Beaver National Forest was added. On September 24, 1923 Beaver was transferred to Fishlake National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18883092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883092" title="Carrog">
Carrog

Carrog is a village in Denbighshire, Wales. Formerly referred to as Llansanffraid-Glyn Dyfrdwy, as it lies within the parish of Llansanffraid Glyndyfrdwy, it takes its modern name from the Great Western Railway station on the opposite bank of the River Dee, which in turn took its name (possibly to avoid confusion with the adjacent Glyn Dyfrdwy station and that in Llansanffraid Glan Conwy) from the Carrog estate on that bank. 
Carrog Station is now part of the Llangollen Railway and is currently one end of the line, until the extension to Bonwm is opened. One notable resident is Peredur Lynch who graduated from Bangor University to become a literary historian. Carrog has one primary school, Ysgol Carrog which is over 100 years old. 

</doc>
<doc id="18883101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883101" title="Carpe Diem – The Flower Kings Live in USA">
Carpe Diem – The Flower Kings Live in USA

Carpe Diem — Live in USA 2006 is an official bootleg by the Swedish progressive rock band The Flower Kings. It is The Flower Kings' performance at Whittier in California on October 16, 2006, plus a bonus track from their show at Quebec City.
It was released through Roine Stolt's own label, Foxtrot Records.
Track listing.
All songs by Roine Stolt except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18883132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883132" title="Cocotal Golf and Country Club">
Cocotal Golf and Country Club

Cocotal Golf & Country Club is a gated community located in Bávaro, Dominican Republic, near the Punta Cana International Airport.
Cocotal Golf & Country Club includes a 27 hole golf course designed by Jose "Pepe" Gancedo, a Spanish golfer.
It is also home to a real estate community called "Palma Real Villas" which is a Sol Meliá Hotels & Resorts development.

</doc>
<doc id="18883156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883156" title="Man in Charge">
Man in Charge

Man in Charge (Traditional Chinese: 幕後大老爺) is a twenty-episode 2009 TVB television drama.
Synopsis.
Set during the Qing Dynasty of China in the mid 18th century, "Man in Charge" tells the story of an official adviser, Chau Bing (Kenneth Ma), and his relationship with the young county official, Shum Kwan-Pok (Matthew Ko). Bing obtains a secure job as Kwan-Pok's private adviser and the two become good friends. They both try to root out Manchu government corruptions.
Chau Bing was brought up by his mentor, who teaches him how to be an adviser, as he was an orphan that his parents died when he was young. Chau Bing's parents had plans to kill the emperor Yong Zheng but failed to do so as it was found out and was killed. In order to investigate the case, Yong Zheng set up a group. One of the spy is Chau Bing's wife Chiu Yuk Hing. Chiu Yuk Hing is good in Kung Fu and was given the mission to marry Chau Bing to find out who was the mastermind of the whole plan. However, no news could be found out of Chau Bing as he did not know anything about it. Chiu Yok Hing was told to kill Chau Bing to close up the case as the group was to be dismissed but she did not as she gradually fell in love with Chau Bing.
However, Shum Kwan-Pok totally changed to a villain, he in directly made his biological father commit suicide in the prison, and tries to kill Chau Bing to keep his secret as Chau Bing got to know that his mentor Dai Lou See is actually Shum Kwan-Pok's biological father but gave him away to Shum Lou Ye as that time there was a scholar who wrote something which offended the king, Yong Zheng, and was killed, and since then the tests for scholars in order to be a county official is diminished. Dai Lou See wants to see his son being a county official, so he gave his son to Shum Lou Ye.
Chiu Yuk Hing was killed while saving Chau Bing when Shum Kwan Pok hired assassin to kill him.
Awards and nominations.
TVB Anniversary Awards (2009)

</doc>
<doc id="18883158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883158" title="Harold Dorman">
Harold Dorman

Harold Dorman (December 23, 1926 – October 8, 1988) was an American rock and roll singer and songwriter.
Harold Kenneth Dorman was born in Drew, Mississippi. He wrote a song called "Mountain of Love", which he released as a single in 1960 on the Rita record label. The song became a hit in the U.S., reaching No. 7 on the R&B singles chart and No. 21 on the Billboard Hot 100. Though it was Dorman's only hit record, it proved to be a popular song for covers; Charley Pride, Johnny Rivers, and Ronnie Dove all hit the U.S. chart with the song, and it was also recorded by Bruce Springsteen, The Beach Boys, Tommy Cash, and Narvel Felts.
Dorman died in October 1988, at the age of 61.
Bear Family Records posthumously reissued an album of Dorman's recordings in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18883160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883160" title="Romanization of Serbian">
Romanization of Serbian

The romanization or latinization of Serbian is the representation of the Serbian language using Latin letters. Serbian is natively written in its own Serbian Cyrillic alphabet, a variation of Cyrillic.
However, Gaj's Latin alphabet is also used in Serbia as the second alphabet. The two are almost directly and completely interchangeable. Romanization can be done with no errors, but in some cases knowledge of Serbian is required to do proper transliteration from Latin back to Cyrillic.
The Latin variation of the Serbian alphabet is identical to those used in Bosnian and Croatian language.
Use of romanization.
Serbo-Croatian was regarded as a single language since the 1850 Vienna Literary Agreement, to be written in two forms: one (Serb) in the adapted Serbian Cyrillic alphabet; the other (Croat) in the adapted Croatian Latin alphabet, that is to say Gaj's Latin alphabet.
The Latin alphabet, "latinica", was not initially taught in schools in Serbia when it became independent in the 19th century. After a series of efforts by Serbian writers Ljubomir Stojanović and Jovan Skerlić, it became part of school curriculum after 1914.
During World War I, Austria-Hungary banned the Cyrillic alphabet in Bosnia and its use in occupied Serbia was banned in schools. Cyrillic was banned in the Independent State of Croatia in World War II. The government of socialist Yugoslavia made some initial effort to promote romanization, use of the Latin alphabet even in the Orthodox Serbian and Montenegran parts of Yugoslavia, but met with resistance. The use of "latinica" did however become more common among Serbian speakers.
Later still, in 1993 the authorities of Republika Srpska under Radovan Karadžić and Momčilo Krajišnik decided to proclaim Ekavian and Serbian Cyrillic to be official in Republika Srpska, which was considered grotesque both by native Bosnian Serb writers at the time and the general public, and that decision was rescinded in 1994. Nevertheless, it was reinstated in a milder form in 1996, and today still the use of Serbian Latin is officially discouraged in Republika Srpska, in favor of Cyrillic.
Article 10 of the Constitution of Serbia adopted by a referendum in 2006 defined Cyrillic as the official script in Serbia, while Latin was removed from the Constitution.
Today Serbian is more likely to be romanized in Montenegro than in Serbia, Exceptions to this include Serbian websites where use of Latin alphabet is often more convenient, and increasing use in tabloid and popular media such as "Blic", "Danas" and "Svet". More established media, such as the formerly state-run "Politika," and Radio Television of Serbia, or foreign Google News, Voice of Russia and Facebook tend to use Cyrillic script. Some websites offer the content in both scripts, using Cyrillic as the source and auto generating Romanized version.
In 2013 in Croatia there were massive protests against the Serb minority being allowed to use the Cyrillic script in Vukovar.
Romanization of names.
Serbian place names.
Serbian place names are consistently spelled in "latinica" using the mapping that exists between the Serbian Cyrillic alphabet and Gaj's Latin alphabet.
Serbian personal names.
Serbian personal names are usually romanized exactly the same way as place names. This is particularly the case with consonants which are common to other Slavic Latin alphabets - Č, Ć, Š, Ž, Dž and Đ.
A problem is presented by the letter Đ/đ that represents the affricate (similar to the "dj" sound in "jam"), which is still sometimes represented by "Dj". The letter Đ was not part of the original Gaj's alphabet, but was added by Đuro Daničić in the 19th century. A transcribed "Dj" is still sometimes encountered in rendering Serbian names into English (e.g. Novak Djokovic), though strictly Đ should be used (as in Croatian).
Foreign names.
In Serbian, foreign names are phonetically transliterated into both Latin and Cyrillic, a change that does not happen in Croatian (also Latin). For example, in Serbian history books George Washington becomes "" or , Winston Churchill becomes "" or and Charles de Gaulle "" or . This change also happens in some European languages that use the Latin alphabet such as Lithuanian and Latvian. The name Catherine Ashton for instance gets transliterated into "Ketrin Ešton" in Serbian and Lithuanian alike.
An exception to this are place names which are so well known as to have their own form (exonym): just as English has "Vienna, Austria" (and not German "Wien, Österreich") so Croatian and romanization of Serbian have "Beč, Austrija."
Incomplete romanization.
Incomplete romanization of Serbian is written using the English alphabet, also known as ASCII Serbian. It is commonly used in SMS messages, comments on the Internet or e-mails, mainly because users don't have available Serbian keyboard installed. Serbian is a fully phonetic language with 30 sounds that can be represented with 30 Cyrillic letters, or 27 Gaj's Latin letters and three digraphs ("nj" for "њ", ”lj" for "љ", and "dž" for "џ"). In its ASCII form number of used letters drops down to 22, as letters "q", "w", "x" and "y" are not used. Some words morph into the same written form and a good knowledge of Serbian and a sentence context is required for proper understanding of the written text.
Using incomplete romanization does not allow for easy transliteration back to Cyrillic without a significant manual work. Google tried using machine learning approach to solving this problem and developed an interactive text input tool that enable typing Serbian in ASCII and auto-converting to Cyrillic. However manual typing is still required with occasional disambiguation selection from the pop up menu.
Tools for romanization.
Romanization of Serbian Cyrillic text is very easy to do. There are some good add-in tools available for Microsoft Word and OpenOffice.org. Linux command line users can use recode-sr-latin, and Program Vucko (also available for Windows and MacOS). Some desktop GUI tools for Romanization of Serbian are reviewed at "Our Script" ("Наше писмо") website.

</doc>
<doc id="18883189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883189" title="Battle of Mallavelly">
Battle of Mallavelly

The Battle of Mallavelly (also spelled Malvilly) was fought on 27 March 1799 between forces of the British East India Company and the Kingdom of Mysore during the Fourth Anglo-Mysore War. The British forces, led by General George Harris and Colonel Arthur Wellesley, drove the Mysorean force of Tipu Sultan from a defensive position designed to impede the British force's progress toward Mysore's capital, Seringapatam.

</doc>
<doc id="18883200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883200" title="Gran Tavola">
Gran Tavola

During the Middle Ages, the Gran Tavola (Italian for ""Great Table"") was the largest Sienese bank, and one of the most powerful banks in Europe from 1255 to 1298. The "Gran Tavola" has been called "the greatest bank of the thirteenth century" as well as "one of the largest commercial and banking enterprises in Europe".
The main branches of the "Gran Tavola" during the mid-thirteenth century were in Pisa, Bologna, Genoa, Marseille, and Paris.
Rise.
The "Gran Tavola" has its roots in the "societas" of the Bonsignori, which began activity in the 1240s with the participation of the Malavolti.
The "Gran Tavola" was founded by Orlando Bonsignori in 1255 and in the 1260s became the exclusive depository-general of the incomes of the Papal States \. Pope Innocent IV's (1243-1254) conflicts with Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor had demonstrated plainly to the Roman Curia the importance of reliable and robust financial services relationships. The first so-designated papal depository was the Piccolomini firm headed by Angeliero Solafico circa 1233 under Pope Gregory IX; the "Gran Tavola" filled this role between 1250 and 1270.
The slightly larger Ricciardi bank of Lucca was also intimately involved in church finances. During the reign of Pope Clement IV, the bank became responsible for the collection of all the ecclesiastical tithes for the Holy Land. Under Pope Urban IV (1265-68), all pontifical taxes were collected by the "Gran Tavola". After the 1260s, popes Nicholas III, Honorius IV, and Nicholas IV continued to use Sienese banks for a small amount of transactions.
The bank also supported Charles of Anjou in his conquest of the Kingdom of Sicily; through a network of "virtual banking syndicates" the bank secured a loan of 200,000 "livres tournois" for the Angevin monarch. The "Gran Tavola" benefited greatly from Charles's victory over the House of Hohenstaufen, having previously seen its commercial opportunities limited by Siena's political support of the Hohenstaufen. The "Gran Tavola" was "at the center of financial operations in both Genoa and Tuscany"; Guglielmo Leccacorvo served as the bank's representative in Genoa. Bonsignori made his institution one of the most influential in Western Europe by expanding its reach into Catalonia, France, and England.
Decline and failure.
The bank declined after the death of Bonsignori in 1273, and went bankrupt in 1298. The formality of bankruptcy may not have occurred until several years after 1298. The "coup de grâce" for the "Gran Tavola" was the crunch caused by the confiscation of Sienese assets by Philip IV of France (as a result of debts he claimed to have been owed by the Bonsignori) and the loss of papal business under Pope Boniface VIII (a trend under way since the early 1290s).
The failure of the "Gran Tavola" was followed by a period of acute and sustained economic ruin in Siena, systemically spreading to several other Sienese banks. By 1320, Siena's international position had contracted almost entirely, following the additional failure of the Tolomei bank in 1313 and the decline of the Champagne fairs, whose commercial activities were "umbilically linked" to Siena; for example, Sienese institutions were not present in the Avignon Exchange created during the Avignon Papacy. 
Pope Nicholas IV lost 80,000 florins as a result of the collapse of the "Gran Tavola" but the loss was mitigated by the overall weakening of Siena, at the time known for its anti-papal, though nominally Ghibelline, allegiances. Many years later, this loss served as one of the pretexts for the papal interdict of Siena. Furthermore, the failure of the "Gran Tavola" lead to the rapid rise of Florentine banking institutions. Under the leadership of Pope Boniface VIII, the papal finances were transferred to Florentine banking institutions as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18883211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883211" title="List of East German Deutsche Reichsbahn locomotives and railbuses">
List of East German Deutsche Reichsbahn locomotives and railbuses

This article contains a list of locomotives and railbuses of the Deutsche Reichsbahn (East Germany) (DR) according to the numbering system introduced by the DR on 1 July 1970.
Following the October 1990 reunification of Germany, the DR's locomotives and railbuses were incorporated (and renumbered) on 1 January 1992 into the classification system of the West German "Deutsche Bundesbahn" (DB), originally issued on 1 January 1968, in preparation for the merger of the two German national railways that took place on 1 January 1994. This renumbering was also described as the 'locomotive classification of the Deutsche Bahn AG' as a number of changes and additions to the DB's 1968 system were needed.
Classification before 1970: see also DRG classification system.
Steam locomotives.
In the DR numbering plan the following additional practices were common:
From 1970 the following sub-classes for all steam locomotives were introduced, the locomotive number always being four digits long:
Electric Locomotives.
With the exception of the BR 251 all locomotives are designed for 15 kV/16,7 Hz~.

</doc>
<doc id="18883222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883222" title="Tapira, Minas Gerais">
Tapira, Minas Gerais

Tapira is a Brazilian municipality located in the west of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 3,575 people living in a total area of 1,180 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Triângulo Mineiro and Alto Paranaíba and to the micro-region of Araxá. It became a municipality in 1963. 
Location.
The city center of Tapira is located at an elevation of 907 meters, between the Ribeirão do Inferno and the Rio das Velhas valley. Neighboring municipalities are: Araxá (N), Ibiá (NE), São Roque de Minas (S and SE), and Sacramento (W). 
Communications and Distances.
Tapira is connected to Araxá by state highway MG-146 and national highway BR-452. The nearest railroad station is in Araxá. 
Other distances (in km.)
Economic activities.
Mining of phosphate is the most important economic activity. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$162 million, with 12 million reais from taxes, 28 million reais from services, 98 million reais from industry, and 23 million reais from agriculture. There were 272 rural producers on 163,000 hectares of land. 31 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 800 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main crops are coffee, potatoes, rice, soybeans, beans, and corn. There were 36,000 head of cattle (2006), most of which were raised for milk and cheese production. 
There was 1 bank (2007) and 470 automobiles (2007), giving a ratio of 7 inhabitants per automobile. 
Working population
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 3 public health clinics (2005). Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Araxá or to Uberaba, which are connected by good roads. Educational needs of 800 students were met by 3 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 1 pre-primary school. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$240.00 was below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="18883229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883229" title="Fyodor Fedorovsky">
Fyodor Fedorovsky

Fyodor Fyodorovich Fedorovsky () (December 26 (O.S. December 14), 1883, Chernigov — September 7, 1955, Moscow) was a Soviet stage designer, People's Artist of the USSR (1951), and active member of the Soviet Academy of Arts (1947; in 1947-1953 - academy's vice president), author of Kremlin stars.
Fyodor Fedorovsky was awarded the Stalin Prize on several occasions (1941, 1943, 1949, 1950, 1951), Order of Lenin, two other orders, and numerous medals.

</doc>
<doc id="18883237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883237" title="Frances Seymour">
Frances Seymour

Frances Seymour may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18883248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883248" title="Tao (name)">
Tao (name)

Tao is a name of Chinese origins.
People and characters with the name Tao include: 
Real people:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="18883252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883252" title="Imanuel Geiss">
Imanuel Geiss

Imanuel Geiss (actually "Imanuel Geiß"; 9 February 1931 – 20 February 2012) was a German historian.
Life.
Imanuel Geiss was born in Frankfurt am Main, the youngest of the five children of a working-class family affected by the economic crisis. His unemployed father had to raise the children alone as their mother suffered from meningitis. She was killed in 1941 by Aktion T4 after the father had died in 1940. The five children were brought to a rather liberal orphan home which made it possible to Imanuel to study after completing his Abitur in 1951 at Carl-Schurz-Gymnasium.
He became a certified translator for French and English at the Auslands- und Dolmetscherinstitut in Germersheim, which allowed him to finance studies beginning in 1955.
Geiss died, aged 81, in Bremen.

</doc>
<doc id="18883253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883253" title="Lilo &amp; Stitch (franchise)">
Lilo &amp; Stitch (franchise)

The Lilo & Stitch film franchise consists of four films, created by Walt Disney Studios. The series was conceived in 2002 under directors Dean DeBlois and Chris Sanders. Between these and other producers, four films were made as of 2006.
Beyond the four films, a television series entitled (') was made between 2003 and 2006. A Japanese anime version of the series entitled "Stitch!" was launched in 2008. A short film titled "The Origin of Stitch" was seen on the ' DVD.
Film series.
"Lilo & Stitch" (2002).
An extraterrestrial mad scientist named Dr. Jumba Jookiba (David Ogden Stiers) is put on trial for illegally creating creatures to cause chaos and destruction. His latest experiment is Number 6-2-6 (Chris Sanders): a cute little blue alien with four arms, two legs and antennae who is deceptively strong and indestructible. 6-2-6 is sentenced to exile, while Jumba himself is jailed.
Captain Gantu (Kevin Michael Richardson), a huge fish-like alien, is assigned to take 6-2-6 to a penal colony. However, during the trip 626 manages to escape in a smaller spacecraft, and crash lands on the small Hawaiian island of Kauai, on Earth.
Masquerading as a dog, 6-2-6 is adopted by a little girl named Lilo Pelekai (Daveigh Chase) who is living with her 19-year-old sister Nani (Tia Carrere). Lilo is lonely and a bit of an outcast until she finds a new friend in 6-2-6 – she thinks it's a dog – whom she names "Stitch." Stitch initially attempts to escape the island but finds that it is impossible because he is afraid of the water, and cannot swim since his body is too dense. Stitch resigns himself to stay with Lilo when he spots that he is being watched by Jumba and Galactic Agent Pleakley (Kevin McDonald), who have been assigned to recapture Stitch without being detected by humans in exchange for Jumba's freedom. Lilo notes Stitch's violent tendencies and attempts to teach him to relax, holding up her favorite musician Elvis Presley as a model example of behavior.
Nani and Lilo are visited by social worker Cobra Bubbles (Ving Rhames), who tells Nani that unless she finds employment and improves their living conditions, he will have to take Lilo into foster care. She has three days to change his mind. Nani, with the help of her boyfriend David, tries several times to find employment, but is unable to secure a position. David offers Nani and Lilo a day of surfing at the beach. While the three of them are trying to help Stitch learn how to surf, Jumba and Pleakley capture Stitch from underwater, leading Stitch to grab onto Lilo, dragging her under. David manages to rescue both Lilo and Stitch, but Nani believes that Stitch was attacking Lilo. Unfortunately, Cobra Bubbles saw the entire event, and tells Nani that it's time to separate Lilo from her and that he will return the next morning. Stitch realizes that it was his fault and returns to Lilo's house alone. After seeing Lilo and Nani express affection as sisters, he experiences an identity crisis and decides to leave, hiding in the woods feeling completely lost.
The following morning, Jumba and Pleakley are fired for not capturing Stitch. The Grand Councilwoman assigns Captain Gantu to capture Stitch. This leads Jumba to aggressively chase Stitch in one last effort. He finds Stitch in the woods and finds out that Stitch is waiting for "family" to arrive. Stitch runs from Jumba and a chase ensues. Meanwhile, Lilo discovers that Stitch left, while David arrives with a job offer for Nani. Nani tells Lilo to stay at home and not to answer the door. Stitch comes back to Lilo's home, followed by Jumba, and the two begin to fight while Lilo calls Cobra Bubbles for help. The house is ultimately demolished, with Nani and Agent Bubbles arriving just after. Seeing Nani and Cobra arguing, Lilo runs off into the woods and encounters Stitch. He reveals his true alien form, and before Lilo can say any more, Gantu captures both of them. Stitch manages to escape the pod they are both placed in but is then confronted by Nani. At this point, Stitch finally speaks to her in (pidgin) English and shows that he is an alien and does understand the meaning of "ohana", meaning "family". Jumba is able to capture Stitch during this moment of understanding, but Nani pleads with him to help save Lilo from Gantu, and he reluctantly agrees.
Employing Jumba's spaceship, they and Gantu give chase around the Hawaiian mountains. Stitch manages to land on Gantu's ship and attempts to free Lilo, but Gantu reconfigures the angle of the afterburners to blast Stitch off the ship. After a moment of unconsciousness, Stitch wakes up just in time to save a frog from being run over by a gasoline truck. Hijacking the same truck, Stitch drives it straight into an active volcano. The explosion launches Stitch like a rocket straight into Gantu's cockpit. Gantu tries to smash Stitch but ends up getting thrown off the ship. Stitch rescues Lilo moments before the ship explodes. When everyone lands in the ocean.
Just as they arrive to the shore, it is suddenly revealed that the Grand Councilwoman herself has come to arrest Stitch. Stitch, using his new name and broken English, asks to say good-bye to Lilo and Nani. Lilo presents the certificate of adoption from the dog pound which, as a legally binding document, makes her responsible for Stitch. The Grand Councilwoman sees that Stitch has reformed into a civilized creature under Lilo's care, and so Stitch's sentence of life in exile is altered. Cobra Bubbles is revealed to be a former CIA agent who previously met the Grand Councilwoman at Roswell, and he promises to keep an eye on the family. The movie ends with both Jumba and Pleakley assigned to Earth, and with Stitch being fully accepted into Lilo's family.
"Stitch! The Movie" (2003).
The film starts out with ex-Captain Gantu on his new spaceship (his original got destroyed in the first film), being hired by Hämsterviel to retrieve the experiments. Meanwhile, on Earth, Stitch is still not fitting in. Lilo tries to encourage him by saying he's one-of-a-kind, comparing him to Frankenstein. Naturally, that just makes him feel worse. Suddenly, a crash is heard from below. Running downstairs, the pair encounters Gantu, breaking into their home. In the ensuing chaos, Gantu finds and takes a blue ball with the number "6-2-5" on it before abducting Jumba for interrogation. Lilo and Stitch manage take Jumba's ship to chase Gantu into space and engage him in battle, before being defeated and falling back towards Earth.
Back at the house, Lilo, Stitch and Pleakley talk and find the container Jumba was hiding. Pleakley decides that these are the other 625 experiments before Stitch, in dehydrated form. He warns them not to tell anyone or put the experiments in water. Deliberately disobeying Pleakley, Stitch and Lilo retrieve the container and hydrate Experiment 221, who promptly escapes.
Meanwhile, Jumba is being held captive on the ship of Dr. Hämsterviel, who makes his appearance and is surprisingly a small gerbil/poodle/rabbit-like alien. Unable to intimidate Jumba, Hämsterviel activates Experiment 625 to attack him. Fortunately for Jumba, while 6-2-5 has all of Stitch's powers, he is incredibly lazy, a terrible coward, and prioritizes sandwiches above all else.
Meanwhile, Pleakley is able to come into contact with Hämsterviel's ship via telephone. 
Hämsterviel tells Pleakley that he wants a ransom of the 624 experiments in return for Jumba. When Pleakley informs the other family members what the ransom is, Nani proceeds to call Cobra Bubbles while Lilo and Stitch go out to find 2-2-1. Cobra seems to already know about what happened. Meanwhile, Lilo and Stitch finally catch a troublesome Experiment 2-2-1 at a hotel.
The rendezvous time arrives and Pleakley and Cobra show up with the container, not knowing that it contains only 623 experiments. Pleakley hands the container over to Hämsterviel, who is shocked to find that one is missing. Lilo then shows up with Experiment 221 trapped in a glass vase. Announcing that she has named it "Sparky", she says that Sparky is part of Stitch's, and thus her, ohana. Hämsterviel tells her to give him the experiment or Jumba dies.
After several moments of thinking and hearing Cobra, Pleakley, Jumba and Hämsterviel persuading them, Lilo and Stitch set Sparky free and break Jumba from his bonds. On Cobra's signal, the Grand Councilwoman's ship rises out of the nearby ocean and aims several guns at Hämsterviel. Lilo protests, saying that Hämsterviel has the other experiments and Sparky overhears.
Sparky proceeds to use his electrical abilities to blow the power on the Councilwoman's ship, while Hämsterviel and Gantu climb back aboard their own ship with the experiments. In a last attempt to stop Hämsterviel, Lilo and Stitch stow away on it as it leaves, with Sparky following.
Lilo and Stitch manage to swipe the container with the other experiments in it. The struggle for the container between Lilo, Stitch and Gantu results in the releasing the dehydrated pods to rain down on Hawaii. Having captured the heroes, Hämsterviel tells his plans to clone Stitch a thousand times over. While Gantu puts Lilo in a teleportation pod to send to an intergalactic zoo, Stitch is strapped to a weight just heavier than he can lift.
Watching as Stitch tries to avoid being vivisected by a laser for the cloning process, Sparky thinks and shows that he has reformed by causing the cloning machine to short-circuit. He then breaks Stich free and the two strap Hämsterviel to the device before rescuing Lilo.
Having locked Hämsterviel in handcuffs, Lilo, Stitch, and Sparky short-circuit Gantu's ship, causing it to crash near a waterfall on Kauai. Landing Hämsterviel's ship back at the rendezvous point, they give Sparky a new home powering an old lighthouse. They then persuade the Grand Councilwoman to let them rehabilitate the other 623. The Councilwoman places Hämsterviel under arrest and Jumba whispers to Pleakley that he has plans for making Experiment 627.
"Lilo & Stitch 2: Stitch Has a Glitch" (2005).
In this movie (set before "Stitch the Movie") Lilo and her classmates are preparing for a hula competition where the winner gets to perform at the local May Day festival. Each student is required to create an original dance. While preparing for the competition, Stitch's past comes back to haunt him. It seems that after Stitch was created, Jumba did not get a chance to fully charge Stitch's molecules before they were both arrested. At first this glitch causes Stitch to revert to his old destructive programming, but it will ultimately destroy him if Jumba cannot create a charging pod before Stitch's energy runs out.
Meanwhile, Stitch's uncontrollable destructive behavior is driving a wedge between him and Lilo and ruining her chances for success at the hula competition. Eventually, the two devise a hula based on the legend of Hi'iaka. Lilo gets mad at Stitch and he sends himself away so he will not hurt anyone he loves. Ultimately, Lilo stop the competition to help Stitch. Unfortunately, Lilo and the Ohana arrive too late, Stitch dies at the end. However Lilo's love revives him when Jumba's machine cannot.
"Leroy & Stitch" (2006).
After three years, their mission to capture all 624 experiments and repurpose them on Earth has been completed, so Lilo and her family are honored as heroes by the Galactic Alliance. Jumba is given the confiscated key to his laboratory again, Pleakley is offered a post as chairman of Earth Studies at G.A.C.C. (Galactic Alliance Community College) and Stitch (experiment 6-2-6) is made a Captain of the Galactic Armada and commander of the BRB-9000 (BRB stands for "Big Red Battleship"). Lilo is made Ambassador to Earth and sole guardian of Stitch's "cousins". At first, the others refuse their rewards because they see how sad Lilo is when she finds out they would leave. But at the end of the day, Lilo accepts it and gets ready to say goodbye to her extended family from outer space. Before they leave, Lilo gives Jumba an Elvis record, Pleakley a paperweight (which is actually an Earth rock) and Stitch a necklace with a Tiki Ku (the Hawaiian god of strength), then says her goodbyes.
Meanwhile, Gantu has decided that he would break Dr. Hämsterviel out of prison. He takes the two-man shuttle, leaving 6-2-5 alone.
At Galactic Alliance HQ on Planet Turo, Stitch is given his first assignment - recapture Hämsterviel. Pleakley is first overjoyed at his new position at G.A.C.C., until his assistant tells him that he is merely a supervisory professor—he will teach no classes. Jumba is also happy at first returning to many of his "evil genius" ways, but soon discovers that without anyone to show his accomplishments to, he is as unhappy as the others.
Jumba's sadness is short-lived when Hämsterviel and Gantu burst in. Hämsterviel demands a new and better experiment to defeat the Galactic Alliance. When Jumba refuses, he is forced to do it at laser-point. This new creation has all of Stitch's powers and then some, with some doubled fur. After running through several names and one number (Experiment 627, which Gantu reminds Jumba he already created), Hämsterviel names this new monstrosity: Leroy (which is the name everyone except Lilo laughs at).
Stitch blasts through the door, seeking to capture Hämsterviel. After a fight that destroys Jumba's lab, Stitch is defeated when Pleakley appears at an unfortunate moment, distracting Stitch long enough for Leroy to lock him in a container. Hämsterviel then reveals his master plan: to clone an army of Leroys to take over the Galactic Alliance. Before leaving for Turo, Hämsterviel locks Jumba, Pleakley and Stitch in Pleakley's G.A.C.C. space vehicle, with its autopilot set to send the ship into a black hole.
Back on Earth, Lilo makes the rounds to ensure that all of the "cousins" are still happy in their "one true place". After a confrontation with Mertle (who tells Lilo that she thinks Stitch ran away because she was too weird), Lilo decides to contact Stitch. After calling Cobra Bubbles (and getting his answering machine), Lilo realizes that there is still one inter-galactic videophone on the planet: Gantu's ship. She makes her way there and finds Experiment 6-2-5, who is grouchy about being left behind by Gantu and has plans to convert the ship into a sandwich shop. Lilo offers him a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. 6-2-5 is touched since no one has ever made him a sandwich before, but still remains suspicious of Lilo. When she asks about the videophone, 6-2-5 says it is broken and he will not fix it. It occurs to Lilo that 6-2-5 is the one experiment who still does not have a name and, after several bad sandwich puns, settles on "Reuben" (as in the Reuben sandwich). Reuben likes his name very much and consents to help Lilo.
Once the videophone is fixed, Lilo contacts the BRB-9000. Leroy tries to pass himself off as Stitch, but only manages to fool 6-2-5. Lilo knows that Leroy is not Stitch because he does not have the tiki necklace. Leroy blasts the communication screen. Hämsterviel decides on a new task for Leroy: go to Earth and capture all of the other experiments so that he may destroy them.
Lilo, sensing Stitch is in trouble, asks Reuben for help fixing Gantu's ship because he has almost all the same powers as Stitch. After some reluctance, he agrees and uses his powers for the only time in the entire series. Soon, Gantu's ship is space-worthy, but as they leave, Leroy crashes on Earth in Mertle's backyard (in much the same manner as Stitch in the original film).
As Jumba, Pleakley, and Stitch head towards the black hole, Stitch escapes confinement and quickly frees the others. However, the navigational computer is locked on course for the black hole. Jumba says that the black hole will teleport them to a volcanic planet where they will be instantly vaporized, but if they can disrupt the event horizon, it will send them somewhere else. Pleakley pulls out the rock that Lilo gave him and asks if this will work. After Jumba says it is too heavy, Stitch takes a bite out of it, then crawls out the front of the vehicle and throws it at the black hole. There is a flash and the vehicle is sucked in.
On Earth, Leroy obtains Lilo's scrapbook of "cousins" and quickly captures all of them (along with Mertle).
Lilo and Reuben have arrived at Turo, but they are too late. Hämsterviel has taken over using Leroy and he orders Gantu to lock them up, then turn in his I.D. card and cape.
Gantu captures Lilo and Reuben, but a few minutes later, Gantu decides to release them because Hämsterviel fired him. After a close call with several Leroy clones, they are trapped. All looks lost until the G.A.C.C. van suddenly appears (from the black hole). With no time to explain, Lilo, Reuben and Gantu all climb in and head for Earth.
On Earth, the original Leroy has herded all the experiments into a large stadium, which appears to be based on real Aloha Stadium (where "Alohapalooza," a fictional event clearly parodying Lollapalooza, was scheduled to take place). The BRB-9000 appears and Hämsterviel prepares to obliterate all of the experiments, until a timely appearance by Lilo, Stitch and the others destroys the BRB's primary cannon. Hämsterviel is unfazed and reveals that he brought along his Leroy army as backup. Stitch rallies his "cousins", and the experiments begin to battle. It soon becomes apparent that the Leroys are more than a match for the good guys. In the nick of time, Jumba remembers that he programmed a secret shut-down command into Leroy. When the original Leroy was created, Jumba was playing Lilo's record, which had a copy of Elvis Presley's performance of "Aloha 'Oe". If Leroy hears that song again, it will cause him, theoretically, to deactivate. Lilo, seeing the equipment set up for the concert, devises a plan.
With Jumba controlling the sound, Pleakley on lights, and Gantu providing fireworks, Stitch pops out on-stage in full Elvis attire. Then, along with Lilo and Reuben, he begins to play "Aloha 'Oe" and, sure enough, the Leroys shut down. His plan foiled, Hämsterviel is recaptured.
Back at Galactic Alliance HQ, the Grand Councilwoman calls Lilo and the others "heroes of the Alliance." Stitch, Jumba and Pleakley ask to be allowed to return to Earth with Lilo. The Grand Councilwoman accepts this, then asks Gantu if he would like to be reinstated as a Captain of the Armada. Gantu agrees, on the condition that Reuben be assigned to his ship as its Galley Officer.
Back on Earth, Lilo sets up for one last picture. Mertle arrives with Gigi (during the battle, Mertle learned that Gigi could talk and was one of Jumba's experiments). Though Mertle don't thinks Lilo's weird anymore, she says that Gigi wants to be part of the "ohana." Lilo's last picture in the cousins album is of all of the experiments still on Earth, plus herself, Mertle, Jumba, Pleakley, Nani, and Nani's boyfriend David.
Meanwhile, Lilo has already found out where Leroy and his clones belong — in jail. Before the ending credits, the clones of Leroy happily dance to Elvis Presley's song, "Jailhouse Rock", with an angry Dr. Hämsterviel tapping his foot. As the credits roll, a full list of Jumba's experiments 0-0-1 through 6-2-6, and the names they were given by Lilo, scrolls along the left side of the screen.
Series.
"Lilo & Stitch: The Series" (2003-2006).
Continuing where "Stitch! The Movie" left off, Lilo and Stitch are given the task of collecting the rest of Jumba's missing experiments, changing them from bad to good, and finding the one place where they truly belong. Meanwhile, the former Captain Gantu and his reluctant partner, experiment 625, try to capture the experiments for the imprisoned Dr. Hämsterviel.
Running for two seasons and a total of 65 episodes, the series ended with the direct-to-DVD movie "Leroy & Stitch". The series has been adapted into an anime series, Stitch! in Japan, taking place a few decades after Leroy and Stitch. The series had low quotes in the USA, but it was also a great hit in Europe. 
On May 29, 2007, Lilo and Stitch moved from its daily 12 p.m. time slot to its new daily time slot at 5 and 5:30 a.m.
"Stitch!" (2008-2011).
The show features a Japanese girl named Yuna in place of Lilo, and is be set on a fictional island off the shore of Okinawa instead of Hawaii. It is animated and co-produced by the Japanese animation house Madhouse LTD. Many of the past characters, such as Jumba Jookiba and Pleakley, appear, as well as five villains; Captain Gantu, Dr. Jacques von Hamsterviel, Reuben, Experiment 627, and Leroy. It also features new experiments exclusive to this series. Although the series is doing very well in Japan, it has received only moderate appraise everywhere else. 86 episode were made.
All together there is 141 episode has bean made. 
Video games.
Western games.
Lilo & Stitch Pinball was released Jan 1, 2002 as a PC game.
A "Disney's Lilo & Stitch" game for the PlayStation was also released June 12, 2002. It was later converted to the GBA, PSP and PS3.
Another PC game was released June 14, 2002.
Disney's Stitch: Experiment 6-2-6.
"Disney's Stitch: Experiment 6-2-6" is a platform game for the PlayStation 2 on June 19, 2002. It also serves as a prequel to the original film "Lilo & Stitch". In the game, the player plays as Experiment 6-2-6 as he battles robots, mutated monsters (called Greemas), Experiment 621, and causes mass destruction. "Disney's Stitch: Experiment 6-2-6" is about finding DNA for Jumba's illegal genetic mutations. The game is set as a prequel to the first movie, describing 626's destructive rampage around the galaxy until his capture by the Galactic Federation.
"Disney's Stitch: Experiment 6-2-6" is a basic platformer, with an environment for exploring, item finding and fighting enemies. Plasma guns are the standard armaments. With his four arms, Stitch can equip up to 4 at once, but only 2 when climbing or holding an object. There are 2 special weapons: a "Big Gun" that fires guided rockets which do massive damage and a Freeze Ray which coats enemies in ice. Platformers commonly include collectables that the player must equip and find to progress throughout the game. Stitch is under the control of Jumba at the time of the game, and he orders Stitch to find DNA samples, which assist him in performing more experiments. "Squid bots" allow the player to try and garner a "movie reel", these reels are used to buy various scenes from the movie. Stitch also can find gadgets to assist him in navigating the environment. Grapple guns are provided to allow Stitch to swing over hazardous substances or to reach difficult spots. A jet pack is also featured which can allow Stitch limited flight time.
In the game, there are 900 DNA and 105 movie reels.
"Disney's Stitch: Experiment 626" has many enemies in his dangerous and deadly quest for DNA. These include UGF soldiers, frogbots, heavy soldiers, "Gantu's" elite frogbots, mutant greemas and buzzers. Bosses include Dr. Habbitrale in his giant robot, 6-2-1 (after being mutated), and Gantu.
"Stitch!" video games.
"Disney's Stitch Jam", known in Japan as , is a musical rhythm video game and the first video game in "Stitch!" series. It was released in Japan on December 3, 2009, in North America on March 23, 2010 and in Europe on March 26, 2010. Different from past "Lilo & Stitch" adaptations, "Disney's Stitch Jam" is a rhythm game. Players can take control of Stitch and friends in variety of missions set in space, out on the seas, and in a variety of areas by touching the notes and exclamation marks. The story happened when Angel was kidnapped by Gantu and Hamsterviel. Stitch has to rescue her by travelling into 10 worlds. Stitch is the main playable character. Angel, Reuben and Felix are unlockable.
This game will be the same gameplay as its prequel, "Disney's Stitch Jam", and has more new features, characters, and experiments. This game will be a modified engine of its prequel. Players can enjoy the rhythmic action of Stitch, who has a magic microphone that can draw his drawings on the air for decorations and travelling (which resembles and is a parody of Doraemon's secret tool, "Air Crayon"). Players can also dress up characters like Stitch and Angel.

</doc>
<doc id="18883257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883257" title="Ronnie Dove">
Ronnie Dove

Ronnie Dove (born September 7, 1935) is an American pop and country musician.
Biography.
Ronnie, the son of a police officer, was born in Herndon, Virginia. Ronnie began his singing career in the clubs of Baltimore. He formed a group, The Belltones, and they played Baltimore and the East Coast for four years. In 1959, they recorded their debut single "Lover Boy" as well as a cover of the Buddy Knox hit "Party Doll" before Ronnie went solo with Diamond Records. His first solo single, "Sweeter Than Sugar" appeared in 1964 to no fanfare. Later that year "Say You" was released and earned Ronnie his first chart record. The next single, a cover of Wanda Jackson's "Right Or Wrong," put him into the Top 20. In 1965 he had 5 chart singles and after just three albums Diamond Records released a "best of" collection. His name was featured many times in both "Billboard" and "Cashbox" awards in 1965.
More hits came in 1966 and 1967 including "My Babe", "Cry", "Happy Summer Days" and more. In 1966, he began hosting a local television show in Baltimore called "The Ronnie Dove Show". It lasted for 13 episodes. Today, only 2 episodes survive. When Diamond closed in 1970, he moved to the independent Wrayco Records and released a Bobby Hebb cover of "Sunny". He then signed a new deal with Decca Records in 1971 and pointed his career in a more country oriented direction. Then, he moved to the Motown country label Melodyland and had a top 40 country hit. Although he moved to some smaller, independent labels throughout the rest of the 1970s he still continued to record. He opened his own club in Baltimore and his fans were able to see him perform through the 1980s. He briefly revived the Diamond record label in 1987 to release a couple of singles. Dove continues to perform in the Baltimore area (where he lives) and nationwide. There have been several compilations issued on CD. Collectables Records has even issued three 2-on-1 discs with his complete original Diamond albums plus a collection of rarities. Check out his website for news, concert listings and recordings including a recent Christmas album and a few albums of new material (including new recordings of previously recorded songs). 
Although not generally perceived as a Rhythm and Blues artist, his version of "Right Or Wrong" hit the top 5 of Cashbox's 1964 R&B listings (Billboard did not print national R&B lists in 1964).
In 2013, Ronnie appeared on RFD-TV's "The Shotgun Red Variety Show".
Ronnie plans on retiring in the near future. His last performance will be on his cruise in 2014.
Discography.
Albums.
"The Swinging Teen Sounds of Ronnie Dove" (Design Records, 1962)

</doc>
<doc id="18883274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883274" title="Europa 7">
Europa 7

Europa 7 is an Italian production centre of television channels owned by Francesco Di Stefano. Europa 7 produces and runs TV syndication nationwide in Italy.
History.
In 1997, Europa 7 attempted for the first time to broadcast nationwide. It was able to do so only in 2010, after having concluded a long legal battle against the Italian Government with an agreement between the two sides.
Europa 7 HD.
Europa 7 obtained a national multiplex (the slot corresponding to one channel in analog broadcasting and to many channels in digital broadcasting) in spring 2010, and decided to use it for transmitting in DVB-T2. Europa 7 HD was the name chosen to the offer of digital TV channels. Having a full multiplex for itself, Europa 7 HD hosts twelve alternating channels, of which eight in HD.
Europa 7 HD began testing broadcasts on July 2010, and started broadcasting from October 2010. Europa 7 HD transmits all of its channels in DVB-T2; it has been announced as "the first broadcaster in the world to broadcast with this new technology."
Its twelve alternating channels are:

</doc>
<doc id="18883277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883277" title="Actinic prurigo">
Actinic prurigo

Actinic prurigo (also known as "Familial polymorphous light eruption of American Indians," "Hereditary polymorphous light eruption of American Indians," "Hutchinson's summer prurigo," and "Hydroa aestivale") is a common sunlight-induced, pruritic, papular or nodular skin eruption.
History.
Actinic prurigo (AP) was first described by Escalona in Mexico, in 1954.
Causes.
The cause for actinic prurigo is unknown, however researchers believe that protein in our bodies may be a cause to the condition also:
•UV-A and UV-B light seem to be the main provoking agents. This observation is supported by the fact that most patients live at high altitudes (>1000 m above sea level), and the condition improves in many patients when they move to lower altitudes. However, some patients who are affected already live at sea level.18,19,27 •Some authors are considering a food photosensitizer or a nutritional selective deficiency as a cause; however, no evidence proves this theory.27
Symptoms.
AP is characterized by itchy, inflamed papules, nodules, and plaques on the skin. Lesions typically appear hours or days after exposure of the skin to UV light, and follow a general pattern of sun-exposed areas. The face, neck, arms, hands, and legs are often affected, although lesions sometimes appear on skin that is covered by clothing and thus not exposed to UV light, thus making AP somewhat difficult to diagnose.
AP is a chronic disease, and symptoms usually worsen in the spring and summer as the day lengthens and exposure to sunlight increases.
Treatment.
Currently there is no cure for actinic prurigo, and treatment focuses on relieving the dermatologic symptoms, by way of topical steroid creams or systemic immunosuppressants.
Prescribed treatments include:
All patients with AP are encouraged to minimize sun exposure, and to use strong sunscreen throughout the year, and even on cloudy or overcast days, as UVA light, unlike UVB light, is able to penetrate cloud cover and remains constant throughout the day.
Alternative treatment methods might include UV Hardening, Meditation and/or cognitive behavioral therapy. UV-A desensitization phototherapy has also been shown to be effective in cases. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has yet to approve these allopathic approaches to medicine, so there remains much to be discovered about this particular illness in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18883278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883278" title="Federal Laboratory Consortium">
Federal Laboratory Consortium

The Federal Laboratory Consortium for Technology Transfer (FLC) is a U.S.-based nationwide network of federal laboratories that provides the forum to develop strategies and opportunities to help transfer laboratory mission technologies into commercial products for the global marketplace.
The FLC was organized in 1974 and formally chartered by the Federal Technology Transfer Act of 1986. Its host agency is the National Institute of Standards and Technology. More than 250 federal laboratories and centers and their parent departments and agencies are currently FLC members. In accordance with the Act and related federal policy, the FLC’s mission is to promote and facilitate the rapid movement of federal laboratory research results and technologies into the mainstream of the U.S. economy.
Specifically, the FLC develops and tests transfer methods, addresses barriers to the process, provides training, highlights grass-roots transfer efforts, and emphasizes national initiatives in which technology transfer has a role. For the public and private sectors, the FLC brings laboratories together with potential developers and users of government-owned technologies. The FLC seeks to add value to the federal agencies, laboratories, and their partners to accomplish the rapid integration of research and development resources into commercial products. The Consortium’s vision is to actively promote the fullest application and use of federal research and development by providing an environment for successful technology transfer, thereby enhancing the socioeconomic well-being of the United States in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18883301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883301" title="Frank Catalano">
Frank Catalano

Frank Catalano is an American jazz musician living in Chicago, Illinois.
Biography.
Frank Catalano began playing the saxophone at age 7. His right middle finger was severed while working on a car engine when he was 16, but following reconstructive surgery, Catalano forced his hands to relearn technique, skill and artistry. He toured with Santana at 18, then signed with Delmark Records to record his first solo album, "Cut it Out" with trumpeter Ira Sullivan at 19. Catalano holds a degree in classical composition from DePaul University.
While recording with Ministry in 1999, Catalano was inspired by the band's use of sampling and engineered a unique sampling keyboard attachment for the saxophone. His device was patented on Dec. 11, 2001, coincidentally on the two-year anniversary of his mentor Charles Earland's death.
Catalano's performances both live and recorded are electric. His Delmark solo albums include You Talkin to Me?!, which features a tandem tenor session with Von Freeman, and Live at The Green Mill with Randy Brecker on trumpet. Over the past ten years he also has worked with Louie Bellson, Tito Puente, David Sanborn, Betty Carter, John Medeski and DJ Logic.
Catalano, a Chicago native, volunteers for the Off the Street Club, where he runs the after school jazz program. Frank is also residence at College of Lake County.
Frank is a frequent contributor to Chicago Public Radio and plays Chicago's Green Mill.
Catalano is a spokesperson and performing artist for Yamaha and Rico and is featured in their international advertising programs.
The 2006 release of Catalano's "Mighty Burner" thrust him into the national spotlight and brought critical and popular acclaim, as the album debuted at # 11 on the Billboard sales chart.
2008 saw Frank's continued success as the release of "Bang" debuted at #12 on the Billboard charts.
DOWNBEAT magazine has referred to Catalano as "full throttle front and center, a modal rocker that suggests John Coltrane energy in the 21st century."

</doc>
<doc id="18883308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883308" title="Meridian Speedway">
Meridian Speedway

The Meridian Speedway is span of railroad track between Meridian, Mississippi, and Shreveport, Louisiana. The Meridian Speedway is owned by the Meridian Speedway LLC (MSLLC). The MSLLC is, in turn, owned by Kansas City Southern (KCS) (who has a majority interest) and Alabama Great Southern Railroad (a subsidiary of Norfolk Southern Railway, who has a minority interest).
History.
On December 2, 2005, KCS and Norfolk Southern Railway (NS) announced an agreement to form a joint venture on KCS' Meridian Speedway between Meridian, Miss., and Shreveport, La. This rail line is an important direct rail connection moving rail traffic between the Southeast and Southwest U.S..
The joint venture involves the contribution of KCS' 320-mile line between Meridian and Shreveport, to the joint venture company and an NS investment of $300 million in cash, substantially all of which will be used for capital improvements to increase capacity and improve transit times over the line. The transaction was subject to regulatory review from the U.S. Surface Transportation Board (STB), which was completed April 10, 2006. And on May 1, 2006, KCS and NS closed on the deal. By September 2007, about $135 million had been spent on the improvements. In all, several new and longer passing sidings were installed along with an all new CTC signaling system. The mainline itself was effectively rebuilt from the ground up with new ballast, crossties and heavier welded rail. Since the completion of the first round of improvements, approximately 45 trains per day traversed the line. This number has since dwindled down to less than 15 trains per day. Run-through Norfolk Southern/Union Pacific intermodal trains comprise a majority of the traffic on this mainline.

</doc>
<doc id="18883315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883315" title="Sweetness in the Salt">
Sweetness in the Salt

Sweetness in the Salt (Traditional Chinese: 碧血鹽梟) is a TVB costume drama series released overseas in January 2009.
Synopsis.
NIP CHI YUEN (Ma Steven), who works in the anti-smuggling camp, is determined to wipe out the Tau's Fort, which is the stronghold for salt smugglers. He pretends to be a down-and-out scholar. TAU SING SUET (Yeung Tavia), daughter of the chief smuggler, sympathizes with YUEN and puts him up in the village. Later, they even become fond of each other. During an anti-smuggling operation SUET is badly hurt and has since been separated from YUEN and her family. Fortunately she is saved by WU TING HIN (Wong Raymond), son of salt merchant WU KIN (Kwok Fung). HIN takes her home. One day, SUET is horrified to see the dead bodies of her parent being hung on the wall of the city tower, and that the official standing on the top of the tower telling the public not to sell smuggled salt is none other than the man she misses day and night. She is heartbroken, and her love for YUEN turns into hatred that moment on.
HIN finds a job for SUET at the salt company his family runs to help her get over her unhappiness. To repay him, she devotes herself entirely to the job. As time goes by, HIN starts to fall in love with her. However his critical illness making him hesitates to express his love for her. SUET's real identity comes to light when her younger uncle reappears out of the blue. HIN, for fear that his family will report SUET, proposes to her.
Awards and nominations.
TVB Anniversary Awards (2009)

</doc>
<doc id="18883321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883321" title="Francis Seymour">
Francis Seymour

Francis Seymour may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18883322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883322" title="Jowell">
Jowell

Jowell is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18883323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883323" title="USS Colington (AG-148)">
USS Colington (AG-148)

USS "Colington" (AG-148/AKS-29) – also known as USS "LST-1085" -- was an launched by the U.S. Navy during the final months of World War II. "Colington" served as a supply and stores-issue ship for the U.S. 7th Fleet, and was decommissioned after the war.
Constructed in Pennsylvania.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Colington" was launched 13 January 1945 by American Bridge Company, Ambridge, Pennsylvania; and commissioned 21 February 1945 as "LST-1085". 
World War II-related service.
"Colington" served with the U.S. Navy occupation forces in Asia after World War II, 
Post-war disposition.
USS "LST-1085" was reclassified "AG-148" on 27 January and named "Colington" on 1 February 1949. She was again reclassified to "AKS-29" on 18 August 1951.
She was struck from the Navy List 1 April 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18883327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883327" title="Radio Club Venezolano">
Radio Club Venezolano

The Radio Club Venezolano (RCV) (in English Venezuelan Radio Club) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Venezuela. Key membership benefits of RCV include the sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards and radio contests, and a QSL bureau for those members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries. RCV represents the interests of Venezuelan amateur radio operators before Venezuelan and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. RCV is the national member society representing Venezuela in the International Amateur Radio Union.
History.
In 1934, a group of radio broadcasters and science enthusiasts in Venezuela decided to create an institution to organize, teach, and represent the interests of all amateur radio enthusiasts in Venezuela. The Radio Club of Venezuela was founded and experimentation in amateur radio grew in the country. On February 25, 1936, the Telecommunication Department of Venezuela was created. In July, 1936, the first radio amateur licenses in Venezuela were issued. One of the original call signs was YV5AJ, assigned as a club call sign to the Radio Club of Venezuela. On July 25, 1936, the Radio Club of Venezuela was admitted as a member of the International Telecomunication Union.
National Emergency Network.
The National Emergency Network is an amateur radio emergency communications network administered by the Radio Club of Venezuela. The network is called into service when it is required to establish emergency communications during a natural or civil disaster that affects the country. The National Emergency Network uses the volunteer services of amateur radio stations throughout Venezuela, making it possible to establish communications from one side of the country to the other.

</doc>
<doc id="18883332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883332" title="HD 149837">
HD 149837

HD 149837 is double star.

</doc>
<doc id="18883344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883344" title="Samuel Seymour">
Samuel Seymour

Samuel Seymour may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18883347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883347" title="Seaside Rock">
Seaside Rock

Seaside Rock is the fourth album by Peter Bjorn and John. A vinyl- and digital- only release, it came out in the U.S. on Almost Gold/Star Time International on September 23, 2008. The U.S. edition is limited to 5000 LPs, each accompanied by a download code. (V2 released the album in the trio's native Sweden, while Wichita handled it in the UK.)Seaside Rock is an experimental, almost completely instrumental album; aside from some vocals in 'Say Something', the only other vocals appearing on the album are Swedish, spoken word pieces performed over backing music by Peter Bjorn And John read by people in their local community, such as a nearby hairdresser. The album was included in CD form in the deluxe edition of their 2009 album "Living Thing".

</doc>
<doc id="18883353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883353" title="Ben Black (rugby league)">
Ben Black (rugby league)

Ben Black is an Australian rugby league scrum-half. He played for Wests Tigers before joining Halifax.
Ben Black kicked the winning drop goal that gave Halifax the win in the Co-operative Championship Grand Final.

</doc>
<doc id="18883356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883356" title="Rice Alliance for Technology and Entrepreneurship">
Rice Alliance for Technology and Entrepreneurship

The Rice Alliance for Technology and Entrepreneurship is an entrepreneurship program at Rice University in Houston, Texas, United States. The mission of the Rice Alliance is to provide entrepreneurship education and support the commercialization of technology and non-technology innovations and the creation of new companies in Texas, specifically the Houston region.
The Rice Alliance was launched in 1999 as a strategic alliance of three schools at Rice University: the George R. Brown School of Engineering, the Wiess School of Natural Sciences, and the Jesse H. Jones Graduate School of Management (Jones School).
Recent history.
In 2007, the Rice Alliance was recognized as the Top Entrepreneurship Center in the U.S. for Enterprise Creation by the Global Consortium of Entrepreneurship Centers.
Ernst & Young presented the Rice Alliance with the Entrepreneur of the Year Award for support of entrepreneurship in 2005. "Small Times" magazine (nanotechnology trade) ranked Rice University #1 in the U.S. among all universities in 2005 and #3 in 2006 in the commercialization of nanotechnology and creation of start-up technology companies.
In 2004, the Rice Alliance was awarded the Price Institute Innovation Entrepreneurship Educators Award by the Stanford Technology Ventures Program at Stanford University.
Outreach & economic development.
Since inception in 1999, the Rice Alliance has assisted in the launch of more than 225 start-up technology companies that have raised more than $350 million in early stage funding. The Rice Alliance has conducted over 90 programs attended by over 22,000 individuals during the first six years.
The Rice Alliance assists companies in several ways, including:
In total, more than 500 early-stage technology companies have been showcased at one of the Rice Alliance Technology Venture Forums. These companies include both Rice-affiliated and non-Rice affiliated ventures. Approximately 25 start-ups licensing Rice-developed technology innovations have been founded in the last eight years. These diverse companies stem from energy technology, life sciences, information technology, and nanotechnology. Four Rice University start-up companies were among the first six companies in Houston to receive grant funding from the Emerging Technology Fund from the state of Texas. 
The Rice Alliance’s flagship program to encourage collaboration and networking among students, investors, entrepreneurs, mentors, and service providers is the Technology Venture Forum series. Each year, four venture capital forums are held in the following areas:
Non-credit courses.
The Rice Alliance teaches several “non-credit” educational courses each year in technology entrepreneurship. For the last seven years, the Rice Alliance has held a “sold-out” two-day Technology Entrepreneurship Workshop course. This workshop provides a step-by-step approach to successfully launch and build a company.
In Fall 2007, in partnership with the Rice Executive Education program, the Rice Alliance initiated a new intensive Life Science Entrepreneurship Certificate Program.
Faculty.
Rice University and the Jones School have nearly 20 entrepreneurship faculty members, including Dr. Ed Williams, ranked by Business Week as one of the top three entrepreneurship faculty in the United States. Williams and Dr. Al Napier published the recent book: "Preparing an Entrepreneurial Business Plan". Napier received the 2008 national Acton Award for excellence in entrepreneurship education. The Jones School faculty also includes several venture capitalists and entrepreneurs including founders of Vanguard Ventures and DFJ Mercury (an affiliate of Draper Fisher Jurvetson).

</doc>
<doc id="18883370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883370" title="Petar Kolev (footballer born 1984)">
Petar Kolev (footballer born 1984)

Petar Kolev (; born 26 June 1984) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Master Burgas as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="18883397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883397" title="St. Mark's Historic District">
St. Mark's Historic District

St. Mark's Historic District is a historic district located in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. The district was designated a city landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1969, and it was extended in 1984 to include two more buildings on East 10th Street. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 and was expanded in 1985. The boundaries of the NRHP district and its expansion are now coterminous with those of the LPC.
St. Mark's Church in-the-Bowery is the centerpiece of the district, but it extends beyond the church and its rectory to include much of Stuyvesant Street and some of East 10th Street, which contain a small collection of Italianate and Federal-style houses and residential buildings.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18883413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883413" title="ETS Europe">
ETS Europe

ETS Europe is the European arm of Educational Testing Service, an American company, involved in scholastic assessment in Europe.
It is headquartered in Utrecht in the Netherlands. ETS employs about 2,700 individuals, including 240 with doctorates and an additional 350 others with "higher degrees." Work that ETS does that is not associated with its nonprofit educational research mission is conducted by for-profit subsidiaries, such as Prometric, which administers test by computer for licensing and certification in the professional world, and ETS Global BV, which contains much of the international operations of the company.
About 25% of the work carried out by ETS is contracted by the private, not for profit firm, the College Board. The most popular of the College Board's tests is the SAT, taken by more than 3 million students annually. ETS also develops and administers The College Board's Advanced Placement program, which is widely used in US high schools for advanced course credit.
In England and Wales ETS Europe were contracted to operate the National Curriculum assessments on behalf of the government. ETS took over this role from Edexcel in 2008. The first year of their operation was struck by a number of problems, including the late arrival of scripts to examiners, a database of student entries being unavailable,and countrywide reports of problems with the marking of the papers. The opposition Conservative party has criticised the awarding of the contracts to ETS, and produced a dossier listing previous problems with ETS' service.[8 Their contract with the QCA was terminated in August 2008: ETS is to pay back £19.5m and cancel invoices worth £4.6m. The UK government asked Lord Sutherland to conduct an inquiry into the failure of the 2008 tests. The report [http://sutherlandinquiry.independent.gov.uk/] included in its main findings
"• primary responsibility for this summer’s delivery failure rests with ETS Global BV, which won the public contract to deliver the tests;"<br>
"• ETS’s capacity to deliver the contract proved to be insufficient. A lack of comprehensive planning and testing by ETS of its systems and processes was a key factor in the delivery failure;"
The ETS Europe website [http://www.uk.etseurope.org/?yourcountry=UK] describes itself as "" the world leader in the field of educational and business assessment. At the forefront of educational research, and in the development of performance assessments, ETS ... offers reliable assessments and tests measuring English and French language proficiency, as well as customised solutions to European academic institutions, businesses and government agencies.""

</doc>
<doc id="18883422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883422" title="Denise Rosenthal">
Denise Rosenthal

Denise Sofía Rosenthal Schalchli (born November 8, 1990, in Santiago, Chile), known professionally as Denise Rosenthal is a Chilean actress and singer-songwriter who first gained popularity as the character "Feña" in the 2007 Chilean television series "Amango". Rosenthal's popularity subsequently led her to obtain the starring role in "Amango's" spin-off, "El Blog de la Feña" in 2008.
Early life.
Denise Rosenthal was born in Santiago, Chile. She has two brothers, one sister, and is the youngest of four children. Her mother, Liselotte, is an industrial designer, and her father, Christian, works in ceramics. When Rosenthal was eight years old, her parents separated. She studied at Santiago College, a bi-lingual private school in Providencia, Santiago, Chile. While attending school, Rosenthal stated she was bullied because her family was not wealthy. Rosenthal currently lives in Santiago with her mother, older sister, and niece.
Acting career.
In 2006, Rosenthal began her television career as a member of the successful Canal 13 Chilean tween musical series, "Amango", playing "Maria Fernanda Mc Gellar" better known as "Feña". The series premiered on June 16, 2007 and ended on September 1, 2007. In "Amango", Rosenthal participated also as one of the members of the telenovela's pop group of the same name. The band successfully released three albums with the music used in the show.
The second season of "Amango" began filming at the end of 2007. It premiered on March 28, 2008 and ended in June 2008. Rosenthal also filmed "Amango: The Tour" in 2008. This documentary featured the cast members of "Amango" as they prepared and promoted the series while on a national tour throughout Chile. Following the success of her participation in "Amango", Canal 13 commissioned a spin-off series called "El Blog de la Feña". Rosenthal reprised her role as "Feña"; the program allowed viewers to vote for the next storyline using text message voting. It was released in on June 2008 and received high ratings on Canal 13 in 2 timeslots.
In 2009, Rosenthal portrayed Martina Valdivieso Rey in "Corazón Rebelde", the Chilean remake of the popular 2002 Argentine telenovela, "Rebelde Way". Rosenthal also took part in the telenovela's spin-off band, CRZ: Corazón Rebelde. In 2010, she travelled to Buenos Aires, Argentina to study acting and voice for six months. She returned to Santiago following the conclusion of her classes. Rosenthal made her film debut in the comdey-drama, "El Limpiapiscinas" in July 2011. 
At the end of 2011, she began filming for two acting projects. The film, "El Babysitter", was released in cinemas in Chile on January 24, 2013. At the end of 2011 and for part of the 2012, Rosenthal also participated in the teen television series, "El Nuevo", for TVN in Chile. In April 2012, Rosenthal made her theatre debut as Paz in the Chilean Broadway-style musical, "Que Cante La Vida". Performances began on June 7, 2012, at Teatro Municipal de Las Condes in Santiago, Chile.
In April 2013, after taking a four year break from television projects as a protagonist, Rosenthal announced that she had been cast as "Jessica Ramos", a character in the Chilean television network MEGA's newest program, "Chico reality". Filming for the television series began in Chile on April 22, 2013.
Although filmed in 2011, the television series, "El Nuevo" aired special preview on July 4, 2013 for TVN in Chile. The program began airing Monday through Friday on July 8, 2013 for TVN in Chile. 
Music career.
Early career and telenovela soundtracks(2008-2010).
Rosenthal showed an interest in music at a young age. She recorded her first CD consisting of four songs called "Renacer" in 2006, but it was never released to the public. Rosenthal participated in the "Amango" and "Amango 2" soundtracks in 2007 and 2008, as well as a Christmas album called "Amango: Villancicos". In June 2008, Rosenthal released her first solo single, "No Quiero Escuchar Tu Voz", as part of the promotion for her TV series "El Blog de la Feña"; the song reached number 8 in Top 100 Chile. 
At the end of 2010, following the completion of her role in the Chilean telenovela, "Corazón Rebelde", in 2009, Rosenthal began working on her first solo album, featuring music of her own composition. The album will be in English and Spanglish, a first for Rosenthal. 
Solo career and debut album(2011-present).
In May 2011, Rosenthal released her first solo single, "Men", a cover version of Gladys Knight's 1991 single. In November of the same year, Rosenthal released her second single, "I Wanna Give My Heart". The lyrics were written by Rosenthal and composed by Neven Ilic. On May 18, 2012, Rosenthal's third official single, "Just Better Alone", was premiered online in Chile by La Tercera.cl. 
In September 2012, Rosenthal released her fourth official single, "Dance" featuring the Chilean hip-hop group Crossfire. The single was written by Rosenthal.
In March 2013, Rosenthal announced that her first album as a solo artist was expected to be released in Chile sometime in April. She revealed that the album is a mixture of urban, pop and R&B influences and will also included songs in "Spanglish". 
Rosenthal released her debut album, "Fiesta", on November 6, 2013. Rosenthal released her album under the stage name "D-Niss". The album contains 11 "Spanglish" songs written or co-written by Rosenthal. Physical copies were available exclusively for FeriaMix Santagio in Chile. The album was released digitally on iTunes on November 8, 2013 for the United States and Chile. The album is available to stream for free on Rosenthal's official Soundcloud account. Rosenthal worked on the album for eight months in Santiago, Chile. 
Discography.
As Herself
Telenovela albums
DVDs

</doc>
<doc id="18883435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883435" title="Corcoran Airport">
Corcoran Airport

Corcoran Airport is a public use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) west of the central business district of Corcoran, a town in Kings County, California, United States. It is privately owned by Lakeland Dusters, Inc.
Facilities and aircraft.
Corcoran Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 197 feet (60 m) above mean sea level. It has one asphalt paved runway designated 13/31 which measures 3,800 by 50 feet (1,158 x 15 m). For the 12-month period ending October 3, 2007, the airport had 5,600 aircraft operations, an average of 15 per day, all of which were general aviation. At that time there were 18 aircraft based at this airport: 61% single-engine, 28% jet and 11% helicopter.
World War II.
During World War II, the airport was used an auxiliary training airfield for Lemoore Army Airfield, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18883437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883437" title="USS League Island">
USS League Island

USS "League Island" is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="18883516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883516" title="Savanna National Forest">
Savanna National Forest

Savanna National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Illinois on June 5, 1925 from part of the Savanna Military Reservation, now the Savanna Army Depot, with . On June 15, 1926 Savanna was renamed Bellevue-Savanna National Forest. The forest was abolished on July 15, 1954. 

</doc>
<doc id="18883528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883528" title="John Fryer (British Army officer)">
John Fryer (British Army officer)

Lieutenant-General Sir John Fryer, KCB, (1838-28 January 1917) was a British Army officer.
After studying at Exeter College, Oxford. he entered the Army in 1860 as a cornet in The Carabiniers. He rose to the rank of lieutenant-colonel in the regiment, and commanded it from 1877 to 1882. His period of command included the regiment's operations in Afghanistan during the Second Anglo-Afghan War. He was made a Knight Commander of the Bath in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="18883553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883553" title="The Greatness of a Hero">
The Greatness of a Hero

The Greatness of a Hero is a Hong Kong television historical drama serial produced by TVB under executive producer Leung Choi-yuen. It first aired on Malaysia's Astro On Demand from 9 February to 6 March 2009 and on several TVB overseas cable channels in 2010. Starting 2 April 2012, "The Greatness of a Hero" will air on Hong Kong's free-to-air channels Jade and HD Jade. 
Synopsis.
Dik Yan-kit was a legendary chancellor in China's history. He served as chancellor during the Tang Dynasty and Zhou Dynasty and was greatly trusted by Mo Chak-tin. The Empress's nephew, Mo Sing-chi, was jealous and sought every opportunity to frame him. He accused Dik of colluding with his son-in-law Sung Ting-yuk in order to usurp the Empress's throne. Dik's family was seized but in the confusion, Dik escaped. Mo Sing-chi then threatened to kill Dik's wife, Cho Yuet. Will Dik Yan-kit be able to win against his enemies?
Viewership ratings.
The following is a table that includes a list of the total ratings points based on television viewership. "Viewers in millions" refers to the number of people, derived from TVB Jade ratings (not including TVB HD Jade), in Hong Kong who watched the episode live. The peak number of viewers are in brackets.

</doc>
<doc id="18883554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883554" title="Evan Wright">
Evan Wright

Evan Alan Wright (born 1966) is an American writer, best known for his extensive reporting on subcultures for "Rolling Stone" and "Vanity Fair", sometimes using his full name: Evan Alan Wright. He is best known for his book on the Iraq War, "Generation Kill". In 2012 he wrote an expose about a top CIA officer who allegedly worked as a mob hit man, "How to Get Away With Murder in America."
Though some compare his writings to those of Hunter S. Thompson, Wright claims his biggest literary influences were Mark Twain and British-American author Christopher Isherwood. The New York Times called his military writing "nuanced and grounded in details often overlooked in daily journalistic accounts" and noted his use of "gallows humor."
Biography.
Wright was born in Cleveland, Ohio and grew up in Willoughby, Ohio. Both of his parents were lawyers. His father was a prosecutor, then the general counsel for a utility. Wright attended Hawken School, but was kicked out for selling marijuana and sent to a home for juvenile delinquents called The Seed, which used harsh techniques "to straighten out kids: sleep deprivation, threats of physical violence, and boxing." Wright studied at Johns Hopkins University and at Vassar College. He graduated from Vassar College with a degree in medieval history. His first writing job was to interview South African political leader Mangosuthu Buthelezi, but it was for a small magazine that did not pay.
"Hustler" magazine.
In 1995, he became the entertainment editor and chief pornographic film reviewer for "Hustler" magazine. In 2000, he wrote about the experience and the issues surrounding the pornography industry and misogyny in an article for "Salon" titled "Maxed Out" and for the "LA Weekly" in a cover story titled "Scenes from My Life in Porn".
Immersion journalism.
Starting in 1996 at "Hustler," then at "Rolling Stone," "TIME," and "Vanity Fair" he wrote long features based on his immersion in subcultures ranging from radical environmentalists to neo-Nazis. Many of his essays focused on crimes or controversial figures and were said by him to capture a "dark, untamed America" that resembled "the Wild West." Several of his essays were collected in the book "Hella Nation", which Wright called a "sort of autobiography". His essays in "Hella Nation" were compared to Joan Didion's writings on California. Another reviewer called "Hella Nation" a "comically macabre portrait of American life."
Military reporting.
In 2002, Wright went to Afghanistan on assignment for "Rolling Stone".
In 2003, he was embedded with the 1st Reconnaissance Battalion of the United States Marine Corps during the early stages of the 2003 invasion of Iraq. Wright spent his entire embed with a recon team led by Sergeant (at the time) Brad Colbert. He was under fire with the Marines for several weeks, and accompanied them "on point," or in the lead vehicle. One of the Marines in the unit told the New York Times, "He was in the worst possible place to have a reporter. During the first firefight, he took 10 rounds in his door." Wright expressed admiration for the Marines, but warned them that a reporter's motto is "charm and betray." He published a series of articles for "Rolling Stone" magazine titled "The Killer Elite" which, in 2004, received the National Magazine Award for Reporting, the top prize in magazine writing. He then wrote "Generation Kill."
In 2007, he returned to Iraq when the surge in U.S. forces was beginning. Wright interviewed General Petraeus and spent several weeks embedded with U.S. troops in Baghdad, Ramadi and Diwania. He later criticized American television media for promoting misperceptions of the war. He also criticized some U.S. political leaders, including Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, for calling the surge a failure before it had been fully implemented.
Television and film.
"Generation Kill" was adapted into a television miniseries by the HBO network and first aired in 2008; Wright was portrayed by Lee Tergesen. Wright himself served as a writer and consulting producer on the project, collaborating closely with Emmy-winning producer David Simon.
Wright was hired by Paramount to write a script about Miami's "Cocaine Cowboys" Jon Roberts and Mickey Munday for Peter Berg to direct. The screenplay is based on a book Wright is writing about Roberts to be published by Crown Books. Actor Mark Wahlberg is producing the film and plans to star in it.
In 2010 it was announced that director Ole Bornedal was filming a movie inspired by an article Wright wrote for" TIME "magazine called "Death of a Hostess." Wright's article was a profile of Japanese serial-rapist and killer Joji Obara he wrote in Tokyo for" TIME" magazine.
In 2012 he released the book "American Desperado", a book he co-wrote with Jon Roberts, who was featured in the documentary "Cocaine Cowboys".
Wright is writing a memoir about the home for troubled teens he was sent to during his childhood. The book is called the The Seed, and will be published by Putnam.

</doc>
<doc id="18883560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883560" title="Martin Kokaljiev">
Martin Kokaljiev

Martin Kokaljiev (born on 10 May 1985) is a Bulgarian footballer (midfielder) currently playing for Sliven. He was raised in Naftex Burgas's youth teams. Between 2004 and 2008 Kokaljiev played for FC Pomorie, Naftex Burgas and PFC Nesebar in Bulgarian second division. In June 2008 signed with PFC Sliven.

</doc>
<doc id="18883568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883568" title="King Fahd Mosque">
King Fahd Mosque

King Fahd Mosque may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18883574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883574" title="St. Clare Science High School">
St. Clare Science High School

St. Clare Science High School is a high school in Antipolo City, Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="18883586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883586" title="Benning National Forest">
Benning National Forest

Benning National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Georgia on October 3, 1924 with from Fort Benning. On December 2, 1927 the transfer was rescinded. 

</doc>
<doc id="18883626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883626" title="Brześć (disambiguation)">
Brześć (disambiguation)

Brześć is the Polish name for Brest, Belarus.
Brześć may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18883630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883630" title="Big Belt National Forest">
Big Belt National Forest

Big Belt National Forest was established as the Big Belt Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in Montana on October 3, 1905 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 part of Big Belt was combined with Gallatin National Forest and the remainder with Helena National Forest. The name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18883633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883633" title="Ain't It Funky">
Ain't It Funky

"Ain't It Funky" is an album by James Brown, recorded between 1966 and 1969 and originally released in 1970.
Track listing.
Guitar riff for "Ain't it Funky."

</doc>
<doc id="18883647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883647" title="Fatih Mosque (disambiguation)">
Fatih Mosque (disambiguation)

Fatih Mosque (from Turkish "Fatih Camii", "Mosque of the Conquest") may refer to:
In Albania
In Austria
In Brasil
In Lebanon
In Germany 
In the Netherlands
In Saudi Arabia
In Switzerland
In Turkey

</doc>
<doc id="18883651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883651" title="OGLE-TR-113b">
OGLE-TR-113b

OGLE-TR-113b is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star OGLE-TR-113.
In 2002 the Optical Gravitational Lensing Experiment (OGLE) detected periodic dimming in the star's light curve indicating a transiting, planetary-sized object. Since low-mass red dwarfs and brown dwarfs may mimic a planet, radial velocity measurements were necessary to calculate the mass of the body. In 2004, the object was proved to be a new transiting extrasolar planet.
The planet has a mass 1.32 times that of Jupiter. Since the planet's inclination is known, the value is exact. It orbits the star (OGLE-TR-113) in an extremely close orbit, even closer than the famous planets 51 Pegasi b and HD 209458 b. The planet races around the star every 1.43 days. The radius of the planet is only 9% larger than Jupiter's, despite the heating effect by the star. Planets of its kind are sometimes called "super-hot Jupiters".

</doc>
<doc id="18883652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883652" title="Big Burros National Forest">
Big Burros National Forest

Big Burros National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in New Mexico on February 6, 1907 with . On June 18, 1908 Big Burros was combined with Gila National Forest and the name was discontinued. 
The lands presently form an isolated section of Gila National Forest, encompassing the Big Burro Mountains to the west of Silver City, New Mexico in the Silver City Ranger District.

</doc>
<doc id="18883659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883659" title="Ugo Rondinone">
Ugo Rondinone

Ugo Rondinone (born 1964 Brunnen, Switzerland) is a New-York based mixed-media artist whose works explore themes of fantasy and desire. Many of his pieces coax the viewer into a meditative state like the blurred, brightly colored, concentric rings of his target-shaped paintings; or his strictly black and white landscapes of gnarled trees that seem to bristle with energy. His large rainbow signs are just as enigmatically alluring with their imperative affirmations of “Hell, Yes!” or “Our Magic Hour.” These signs seem to point to some hidden aspect of our reality and history. One sign, “Dog Days Are Over,” proclaims an end to a period of turmoil, but what that period is remains unclear. The signs encapsulate and make palpable an unnamed collective desire, and, in turn, inspire a new one: to understand why this hour, for example, is so magical. 
Rondinone studied at the Hochschule für Angewandte Kunst, Vienna, from 1986 to 1990. He has been the subject of major solo exhibitions at the Kunsthalle, Vienna; Museo de Art Contemporaneo, Leon, Spain; Louisiana Museum of Modern Art, Humlebaek, Denmark; and Sculpture Center, New York. In 2007, he represented Switzerland in the Venice Biennale. His works are in the collections of the New Museum of Contemporary Art, New York, among others.
Selected exhibitions and projects.
Solo Exhibitions
2013
M Museum, Leuven, Belgium, thank you silence
Public Art Fund, Rockefeller Plaza, New York, human nature
Art Institute of Chicago, Chicago
2012
The Common Guild, Glasgow
Sadie Coles HQ, London
Cycladic Art Museum, Athens
Kunsthistorisches Museum, Theseustempel, Vienna, wisdom?peace?blank?all of this?
Galerie Krobath, Vienna, the moth poem and the holy forest
2011
Gladstone Gallery, Brussels, we are poems
Almine Rech Gallery, Brussels, new horizon
LVMH, Palais an der Oper, Munich, we are poems
Galerie Eva Presenhuber, Zurich, kiss now kill later
Art Basel, Art Parcours, Basel, we run through a desert on burning feet, all of us are glowing our faces look twisted.
Peder Lund, Oslo, outside my window
2010 
Gladstone Gallery, New York, nude
IBM Building, New York
FIAC, Hors-les-murs, Jardins des Tuileries, Paris, turn back time. let's start this day again.
Art Basel, Art Unlimited, CLOCKWORK FOR ORACLES II
Museum Dhondt Dhaenens, Deurle, Belgium, SUNRISE. east
Aargauer Kunsthaus, Aarau, Die Nacht aus Blei
2009
Festival d’Automne à Paris, Jardin des Tuileries, Paris, SUNRISE. east
Festival d’Automne à Paris, Le 104, Paris, How does it feel?
Sadie Coles HQ, London, Nude
Galerie Almine Rech, Paris, La Vie Silencieuse
MUSAC, Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Castilla, Léon, The Night of Lead
2008
ICA Boston, Art Wall Project, CLOCKWORK FOR ORACLES II
Galleria Raucci/Santamaria, Naples, turn back time. let’s start this day again
Frieze Art Fair, outdoor project, sunrise. east
Sculpture Center, New York, (With Martin Boyce), We Burn, We Shiver
Public Art Project, Art Basel, Moonrise. East
Galerie Eva Presenhuber, Zurich, TWELVE SUNSETS, TWENTY NINE DAWNS, ALL IN ONE. 
Hayward Gallery, South Bank Centre, London, Dog Days Are Over
2007
Matthew Marks Gallery, New York, Big Mind Sky
Wohnsiedlung Werdwies, Zurich-Altstetten, Kunst und Bau
Church San Stae, Venice, 52nd Venice Biennale, get up girl a sun is running the world (with Urs Fischer)
Arario Gallery, Cheonan, South Korea, our magic hour
Creative Time, Ritz Carlton Plaza, Battery Park, New York, air gets into everything even nothing
2006
Galleria Civica di Modena, Modena, giorni felici
Galerie Almine Rech, Paris, on butterfly wings
Matthew Marks Gallery, New York, Thank you silence
Galerie Esther Schipper, Berlin, Unday
Ausstellungshalle zeitgenössische Kunst, Münster, a waterlike still
Sadie Coles HQ, London, my endless numbered days
Whitechapel Gallery, London, zero built a nest in my navel
2005
ISR-Centro Culturale Svizzero di Milano, Milan, clockwork for oracles
Sommer Contemporary Art, Tel Aviv, sunsetsunrise
2004
Galleria Raucci/Santamaria, Naples, sail me on a silver sun
Matthew Marks Gallery, New York, long gone sole 
Le Consortium, Dijon, long night short years
Australian Centre for Contemporary Art, Melbourne, clockwork for oracle
2003
La Criée, Théâtre National de Bretagne, Galerie Art & Essai, Rennes
Galerie Hauser & Wirth & Presenhuber, Zurich, moonrise
Museum of Contemporary Art, Sydney, our magic hour
Galerie Almine Rech, Paris, lessness
Musée National d’Art Moderne, Centre Georges Pompidou, Paris, roundelay
2002
Centro Culturale Svizzero via Politecnico, Milan, in alto arte sui ponteggi
Centre for Contemporary Visual Arts, Brighton, our magic hour
Württembergischer Kunstverein Stuttgart, Stuttgart, coming up for air
Works on paper inc., Los Angeles, 1988
Swiss Institute, New York, Lowland Lullaby (with Urs Fischer)
Sadie Coles HQ, London, cigarettesandwich
Galerie Krobath Wimmer, Vienna, the dancer and the dance
Kunsthalle Wien, Vienna, no how on
Matthew Marks Gallery, New York, a horse with no name
Galleri Faurschou, Copenhagen, On Perspective
2001
Galerie Schipper & Krome, Berlin, slow graffiti
FRACPaca, Marseille
Sommer Contemporary Art, Tel Aviv, yesterdays dancer
Herzliya Museum of Contemporary Art, Herzliya, dreams and dramas
Palazzo delle Esposizioni, Rome, kiss tomorrow goodbye
Galerie Almine Rech, Paris, if there were anywhere but desert
2000
P.S.1, Long Island City, New York, so much water so close to home
Matthew Marks Gallery, New York, love invents us
Mont-Blanc Boutique, New York, if there were anywhere but dessert
Galleria Raucci/Santamaria, Naples, a doubleday and a pastime
Museum Aarhus, Aarhus, in the sweet years remaining
Sadie Coles HQ, London, hell, yes!
1999
Galerie für zeitgenössische Kunst Leipzig, guided by voices
Kunsthaus Glarus, guided by voices
Galerie Hauser & Wirth & Presenhuber, Zurich, moonlighting
Yves Saint-Laurent, New York, light of fallen stars
Schipper & Krome, Berlin, in the sweet years remaining
1998
Galerie João Graça, Lisbon, in the sweet years remaining
Galerie Almine Rech, Paris, the evening passes like any other
Galerie Krobath Wimmer, Vienna, so much water so close to home
1997
Galleria Raucci/Santamaria, Naples, stillsmoking
Galleria Bonomo, Rome, moonlight and aspirin
Cato Jans Der Raum, Hamburg, tender places come from nothing
Le Consortium, Dijon, where do we go from here
1996
Migros Museum für Gegenwartskunst, Zurich, dog days are over
Le Case d’Arte, Milan
Centre d’Art Contemporain, Geneva, heyday
1995
Galerie Froment-Putman, Paris, meantime
ARC – Musée d’Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris, Migrateurs
Galerie Walcheturm, Zurich, cry me a river
1994
Galerie Daniel Buchholz, Cologne
Galerie Six Friedrich, Munich
1993
Centre d’Art Contemporain de Martigny, Martigny, drawings
Galerie Ballgasse, Vienna, lightyears
1992
Galerie Walcheturm, Zurich, C
1991
Galerie Martina Detterer, Frankfurt a. M., far away trains passing by 
Galerie Pinx, Vienna, two stones in my pocket
Galerie Walcheturm, Zurich, i’m a tree
1989
Galerie Pinx, Vienna
1987
Raum für aktuelle Schweizer Kunst, Lucerne
1986
Sec 52, Ricco Bilger, Zurich
1985
Galerie Marlene Frei, Zurich
 Group Exhibitions
2012
Gladstone Gallery, New York, The Spirit Level, curated by Ugo Rondinone
Kunsthalle Wien, Vienna, Parallelwelt Zirkus
Onassis Cultural Centre, Athens, Faces
de Appel arts centre, Amsterdam, Topsyturvy–Celebrating another world
Museo d'Arte, Lugano and Fondation de l’Hermitage, Lausanne, Switzerland, Window to the World
2011
Le Consortium, Dijon, The Deer
Open Concept Gallery, Grand Rapids, MI
Fashion Museum Antwerp, Anwerp, The Netherlands, Dream the World Awake
Yokohama Triennale, Yokohama, our magic hour - how much of the world can we know?
Museum der Moderne, Salzburg, Rollenbilder - Rollenspiele
Museo Amparo, Puebla, Mexico, Historias de A. Obras de La Coleccion Jumex
MUSAC, Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Castilla, Léon, El grito
Casey Kaplan, New York, Everything Must Go
Kunstmuseum Lichtenstein, Vaduz, Welttheater (Sammlung migros museum für gegenwartskunst)
Domaine de Chamarande, Chamarande, on track
ARTZUID2011, Amsterdam International Sculpture Route, Amsterdam, Sculpturale - the world around
Art Gallery of New South Wales, Sydney, John Kaldor Family Collection
Musée Rodin, Paris, Chefs d'oeuvre, Rodin et les ambassadeurs
Vanhaerents Art Collection, Brussels, Sympathy for the Devil
Kunstverein Freiburg, Freiburg, Durchsichtige Dinge
Espace 315, Centre Pompidou, Paris, Aether. Nouveau Festival du Centre Pompidou
Regen Projects, Los Angeles, Black Swan
Hamburger Kunsthalle, Hubertus-Wald-Forum, Hamburg, Unscharf. Nach Gerhard Richter
Hendershot Gallery, New York, A strange affinity to the beautiful and the dreadful
2010
Galerie Peter Kilchmann, Zürich, Die Nase des Michelangelo
Frac Limousin, Limoges, France, Electro Geo
The Garage Center for Contemporary Culture, Moscow, The New Décor
Kunst Raum Riehen, Riehen, fashionable Art - die Mode in der Kunst
S.M.A.K./Museum of Fine Arts, Gent, Hareng Saur: Ensor and Contemporary Art
Contemporary Arts Center, Cincinnati /La Colección Jumex, Miami, Where do we go from here?
MUMOK, Wien, Daimler Kunst Sammlung, Bilder über Bilder. Diskursive Malerei von Albers bis Zobernig 
Museum Dhondt-Dhaenens, Deurle, Belgium, The 2nd Biennale of the Art of Painting: Beyond the Sublime
Galleria Continua, Le Moulin, Boissy-le-Châtel, France, Sphère 2009
Hayward Gallery, London, The New Décor
Musée Rath, Geneva, Swiss Drawing (1990–2010)
Reference and Affinity, Kunstmuseum Luzern, Lucerne
Palais des arts et du Festival, Dinard, France, Hope! L’espoir, de Giacometti à Murakami
Modemuseum Hasselt, Hasselt, Belgium, UltraMegaLore 
Istanbul Museum of Modern Art, Istanbul
2009
Bass Museum of Miami/La Colección Jumex, Miami, Where do we go from here?
Fonds Régional d’Art Contemporain Poitou-Charentes, Angoulême, France, Voyage Sentimental. Attraction
La Colección Jumex/MUMOK, Vienna, Zwischenzonen
Centro Cultural de Andratx, Andtratx, Mallorca, Black Hole
Kunstmuseum Luzern, Luzern, Silenec
Musée d’Art Moderne et Contemporain, Strasbourg, France, Chromamix 2
Bleibtreu Galerie, Berlin
The Flag Art Foundation, Wall Rockets: Contemporary Artists and Ed Ruscha, New York
Almine Rech Gallery, Brussels, Magritte et la Lumière
Musée departemental d'art contemporain de Rochechouart, Rochechouart, "nous tournons dans la nuit..."
Fundament Foundation, Tilburg, Parc De Oude Warande, Stardust
Musée d’Art Contemporain de Lyon, Lyon, N’importe Quoi
Kunstmuseum Mülheim, Mühlheim, Fabula Tempora, Auswahl 9
The Rose Art Museum, Brandeis University, Waltham, Saints and Sinners
Dundee Contemporary Arts, Dundee, Timecode
2008
Fundacion/Coleccion Jumex, Museo Nacional de Arte (MUNAL), Mexico-City, The Practice of Everyday Life 
Hamburger Bahnhof, Berlin, ’Ich kann mir nicht jeden Tag ein Ohr abschneiden’ Dekonstruktion des Künstlermythos
St. Moritz Art Masters, St. Moritz, Moonrise. east.
The Fireplace Project, East Hampton, Intimacy (curated by Anne Pasternak)
Aspen Art Museum, Unknown Pleasures
Matthew Marks Gallery, New York, Painting Now And Forever
Parc Heintz, Second Nature, Luxembourg
Galerie du Jour, Paris, histoires de point d’ironie
Cheim and Read, New York, Won’t grow up
Galerie Thaddaeus Ropac, Paris, Landscope
Migros Museum für Gegenwartskunst Zürich, Ausstellung Sammlung 1978-2008
Kunstmuseum Luzern, Luzern, Blasted Allegories. Werke aus der Sammlung Ringier
Centre artistique et culturel, Chamarande, second_nature
MARCO, Museo de Arte Contemporanéa de Vigo, Spain, Private Passion. Public Visions
Parc Heintz, Dexia BIL, Luxembourg, second_nature
Tel Aviv Museum of Art, Tel Aviv, Israel, Depletion. Works from the Doron Sebbag Art Collection
Barbican Art Gallery, London, Martian Museum of Terrestrial Art
The Hayward Gallery, London, Laughing In A Foreign Language
Jumex Collection, Mexico, Schweiz über Alles
2007
Palais de Tokyo, Paris, The Third Mind, curated by Ugo Rondinone
Luminaire Lab, Miami, OLPC-One Laptop per child
Kunstmuseum Luzern, Lucerne, Top of Central Switzerland
Sommer Contemporary Art, Tel Aviv, XXS
Galerie Almine Rech, Brussels, Sculpture Garden
House Eva Presenhuber, Vnà, Switzerland, Jubilee Exhibition
Galerie Almine Rech, Bruxelles, Sculpture Garden
The New Museum, New York, Unmonumental: The Art Object in the 21st Century
Stichting Centrum Beeldende Kunst, Rotterdam, PUBLIEK
Festival Printemps De Septembre, Toulouse, The Hamster Wheel
James Cohan Gallery, New York, Summer Show
Tese della Novissima, Arsenale di Venezia, Venice, The Hamster Wheel
Gironcoli Museum, St. Johann b. Herberstein, Zu Gironcoli, eine Hommage
Vanhaerents Art Collection, Brussels, Disorder in the House
Kunstmuseum Wolfsburg, Wolfsburg, Präzision und Wahnsinn
Musée d'art contemporain de Lyon, Une question de génération
Arario Gallery, Cheonan, South Korea, our magic hour
2006
Musée Art Contemporain Lyon, Lyon, A question of Generation
Magazin4 Bregenzer Kunstverein, Bregenz, Don Juan alias Don Giovanni oder „zwei plus zwei sind vier“ oder „Lust ist der einzige Schwindel, dem ich Dauer wünsche.“
CGAC Centro Galego de Arte Contemporànea, Santiago de Compostela, CONTOS DIXITAIS
NVA Organisation, Glasgow, Newcastle Gateshead Winter Festival
Witte de With – Center for Contemporary Art, Rotterdam, Street: behind the cliché
Kunstmuseum St. Gallen, Lifestyle – From Subculture to High Fashion
Espace Louis Vuitton, Paris, Icônes
Österreichische Galerie Belvedere, Wien, Nach Schiele
Institute of Contemporary Art, Boston, Super Vision
Krobath Wimmer, Wien, black/white & chewing gum
Grand Palais, Paris, La Force de l’art, Grand Palais 2006
Ursula Blickle Stiftung, Kraichtal-Unteröwisheim, Don Giovanni: Zwei plus zwei gleich vier. Oder „Lust ist der einzige Schwindel, dem ich Dauer wünsche.“
Kunsthalle Wien, Vienna, DON JUAN alias Don Giovanni
Galleria Civica, Modena, Egomania
Averoff Museum, Athens, The scarecrow
Vamiali, Athens, Inner 
Museum für Gestaltung, Zurich, Gay Chic – von der Subkultur zum Mainstream
Galerie Analix Forever, Geneva, Handsome
Esther Schipper, Berlin, Winterausstellung
2005
Chiba City Museum of Art, Chiba, Contemporary Swiss Art
Andrea Rosen Gallery, New York, Looking at Words – The Formal Presence of Text in Modern and Contemporary Works on Paper
Kunstsammlung im Ständehaus, Düsseldorf, Ambiance
Hotel Sezz, Paris, Chambres à part
Galerie Analix Forever, Geneva, Fragile
Cantonal Museum of Fine Arts, Lausanne, Private View – Collection Pierre Huber 
2nd Prague Biennale
Bunkier Sztuki, Cracow, Swiss Video
Atelier Augarten, Vienna, Das Neue II
Museo Extremeno e Iberoamericano, Badajoz, Coleccion Helga de Alvear
Cobra Museum of Modern Art, Amsterdam, Swiss Made (The Art Of Falling Apart) Collection Hauser & Wirth
Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago, Universal Experience: Art, Life and the Tourist’s Eye
Hayward Gallery, London, Universal Experience: Art, Life and the Tourist’s Eye
Fotomuseum Winterthur, Der Traum Vom Ich. Der Traum Von Der Welt
Kunst-Werke, Berlin, Zur Vorstellung des Terrors: Die RAF
2004
James Cohan Gallery, New York, The realm of the senses
Galerie Loevenbruck, Paris, La piste noire
Museum Löffler, Kosice
Carnegie Museum of Art, Pittsburgh, Carnegie International
Louisiana Museum of Modern Art, Humlebaek, Works And Days
Centre for contemporary art, Waregem, Belgium, Schöner Wohnen
Gruppe Österreichische Guggenheim, Vienna, Nothing has changed
Fundament, Tilburg, Lustwarande 04
P.S.1, New York, Hard Light
Musée des Beaux-Arts du Canada, Ottawa, La Grande Parade. Portrait de l’artiste en clown
Cheim & Read, New York, I Am The Walrus
Sprengel Museum Hannover, Hannover, Ugo Rondinone / Les Krims
Centre d’art de Neuchâtel, Neuchâtel, Lasko – Wallpainting en Suisse
Domaine Pommery, Reims, cur. by Stéphanie Moisdon Trembley, Genesis Sculpture
Biblioteca Luis Angel Arango, Bogota, Eden
Galerie Almine Rech, Paris, Sculptures Show
Grand Palais, Paris, La Grande Parade. Portrait de l’artiste en clown
2003
Cantonal Museum of Fine Arts, Lausanne, Le monde selon François Dubois
Matthew Marks Gallery, New York, Sculpture
7e Biennale d’Art Contemporain de Lyon, Lyon
Stiftung Binz 39, Zurich
Kunstpanorama, Lucerne
Magazin4 Vorarlberger Kunstverein, Bregenzer Kunstverein, Bregenz, Love
Villa Arson, Nice, Lee 3 Tau Ceti Central Armory Show
Museum für neue Kunst/ZKM, Karlsruhe, The DaimlerChrysler Collection
Moph cafe, Tokyo, Tapas e video: videos by BDV
Galerie Mirko Mayer, Cologne, story faces
La Galerie du Petit Château, Sceaux, Carosseries, automobiles, art, architectures
Grey Art Gallery, New York, Not Neutral: Contemporary Swiss Photography
Collection Lambert, Avignon, cur. by Eric Troncy, Coollustre
Fundació Joan Miró, Barcelona, Psychodrome 04
Alcala 31, Madrid, Urban Diaries. Young artists from Switzerland
Galerie Hauser & Wirth & Presenhuber, Zurich, Breathing the Water
Kunsthalle Zürich, Zurich, Durchzug/Draft
2002
Contemporary Arts Center, Cincinnati, Loop: Back to the Beginning
New Museum of Contemporary Art, New York, Art Publishers Zurich
CRAC Alsace, Altkirch, bienvenue willkommen welcome@altkirch
Grimaldi Forum, Monaco, Jour de cirque
The Museum of Modern Art, New York, Drawing Now: Eight Propositions
Lehmann Maupin Gallery, New York, Off the Grid. Works on Paper
Museum of Modern Art Queens, Long Island City, Drawing Now: Eight Propositions
Halle au Poisson, Perpignan, Je t’aime ... moi non plus
Städtische Galerie Villingen Schwenningen, I don’t live here anymore
Palazzo delle Papesse Centro d’Arte Contemporanea, Siena, De Gustibus. Collezione privata italiana 
Museum Het Domein, Sittard, Je t’aime moi non plus
La Criée, Centre d’art contemporain, Rennes, Campy, Vampy, Tacky
Hallescher Kunstverein, Halle, I don’t live here anymore
Neuer Berliner Kunstverein, Berlin, Zeitgenössische Fotokunst aus der Schweiz
Fondation Sandretto (Guarene), Turin, Self/In Material Conscience
Sammlung Hauser & Wirth, St. Gallen, The House of Fiction
Fürstenberg Sammlungen at Donaueschingen, Ahead of the 21st Century. The Pisces Collection 
Liverpool Biennale
Galleri Faurschou, Copenhagen, On Perspective
2001
Galerie Krobath Wimmer, Vienna
Matthew Marks Gallery, New York, Tenth Anniversary Exhibition
Printemps de Septembre, Toulouse, Fantastique
Kunsthalle der Hypokulturstiftung, Munich, Loop – Alles auf Anfang
Musée d’art moderne, Buenos Aires, Mouvements immobiles
Musée d’art moderne et contemporain de Strasbourg, Salons de musique
Musée de la photographie, Mougins, France, Surface lisse
Netherlands Institut voor Mediakunst, Amsterdam, dai, dai, dai, where do we go from here? 
Lokremise St. Gallen, Sammlung Hauser und Wirth, Wechselstrom
Galerie der Stadt Sindelfingen, Fingerspitzengefühl – der menschliche Körper in der Gegenwartskunst 
The Irish Museum of Modern Art, Dublin
Musée des Beaux-Arts de Montréal, Gestes
DaimlerChrysler Contemporary, Berlin, Sammlung DaimlerChrysler. Neuerwerbungen/New Acquisitions 
Miami Art Museum, Let’s Entertain
Kunstmuseum Wolfsburg, Let’s Entertain
2000
Musée National d’Art Moderne, Centre Georges Pompidou, Paris, Let’s Entertain
Neues Kunstmuseum Luzern, Lucerne, Landschaftsräume
Location One, New York, Life after the Squirrel
Kunstpanorama, Lucerne, Face à Face
Centro d’Arte Contemporanea Ticino, Bellinzona, Heart
Podewil, Berlin, cur. by Klara Wallner, come in and find out
Portland Art Museum, Portland, Let’s Entertain
Musée d’art moderne et contemporain, Mamco, Geneva, Le jeu des 7 familles
Villa Arson, Nice, Ultramarine. Une mise en scène du réel: artiste/acteur
Fondazione Michetti, Francavilla al Mare, cur. by Gianni Romano, Premio Michetti
P.S.1, New York, Volume: Bed of Sound
Sommer Contemporary Art, Tel Aviv, Platforma
Musée d’art contemporain de Bordeaux, cur. by Stéphanie Moisdon Trembley, Présumé innocent
Stedelijk Museum voor Actuele Kunst, Ghent, Over the Edges
Bluecoat Chambers, Liverpool, Video Positive 2000 – The Other Side of Zero
Walker Art Center, Minneapolis, Let’s Entertain
KIAD, Canterbury, Mécaniste
KIASMA, Helsinki, Under the Same Sky
Museum Dhondt-Dhaenens, Deurle, cur. by Hilde Teerlinck, Living In The Real World
Kunstverein Baselland, Freiburg, Close up
Kunstsammlung Nordrhein-Westfalen, Düsseldorf, Ich ist etwas anderes
Kunsthalle Palazzo Liestal, Liestal, NB: New York / Berlin - Die Ateliers der Eidgenossenschaft 1998/99
1999
Saatchi Gallery, London, Eurovision
Musée d’Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris, L’autre sommeil
Musée d’art moderne et contemporain de Strasbourg, Sans réserve 1
6th International Istanbul Biennial, cur. by Paolo Colombo, The Passion And The Wave
Kunstmuseum Bern, cur. by Christoph Doswald, Missing Link
Galerie Krinzinger im Benger Park, Bregenz, D A CH
FRAC Poitou-Charentes, Angoulême, cur. by Philippe Régnier, trans-sphère
Lofoten Arts Festival, Svolvær, Spillerom
Palazzo delle Papesse, Siena, Le Repubbliche dell’arte
Museum van Hedendaagse Kunst, Antwerp, Trouble Spot. Painting
1st Melbourne International Biennial, Signs Of Life
NGBK, Berlin, Rosa für Jungs/Hellblau für Mädchen
Espace des Arts, Chalon-sur-Saône, XN99
1998
Berlin Biennale, Berlin
Centre Culturel Suisse, Paris, cur. by Nicolas Trembley, Dog Days Are Over
Emily Tsingou Gallery, London, Time After Time
Kunsthalle Zürich, Zurich, Auf der Spur – Kunst der 90er Jahre im Spiegel von Schweizer Sammlungen
Galerie für zeitgenössische Kunst Leipzig, cur. by Eric Troncy, Weather Everything
Collezione privata italiana 1st Berlin Biennial, cur. by Nancy Spector, Klaus Biesenbach, Hans-Ulrich Obrist, Berlin/Berlin
Palazzo del Capitano, Cesena, Libera mente
Matthew Marks Gallery, New York (with Joseph Grigely and Millie Wilson)
Holderbank, Kunstausstellung Holderbank
Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam, From the Corner of the Eye
Sammlung Hauser & Wirth, St. Gallen, The House of Fiction 
Akademie der Künste, Berlin, cur. by Christoph Doswald, Nonchalance Revisted. Junge Schweizer Kunst
Art Club Berlin as guest in the Mies van der Rohe Pavilion, Barcelona, Grenzenlos
Villa Merkel, Esslingen, 4. Internationale Foto-Triennale
Schirn Kunsthalle, Frankfurt, Freie Sicht aufs Mittelmeer
Kunsthaus Zürich, Zurich, Freie Sicht aufs Mittelmeer
Galerie Walcheturm, Zurich, Don’t Look Now
Galerie Art & Essai, Rennes, Homo Zappiens Zappiens
Centre d’Art Contemporain, Geneva, Aids Worlds 
Festival a/d Werf, Utrecht, Altered States
Dum umeni mesta Brna (Kunsthaus Brünn), Brno, Foto Relations
1997
Migros Museum für Gegenwartskunst, Zurich, Hip
Galerie Almine Rech, Paris, Rear window
Villa Merkel, Esslingen, Fort! Da! CooperationsThe Swiss Institute, New York, Disaster and Recovery: Artists Interpret the Work of the International Committee of the Red Cross
Cato Jans, Der Raum, Hamburg, Why don’t we do it in the road
Shed im Eisenwerk, Frauenfeld, cur. by Harm Lux, Diskland snowscape
Musée des Beaux-Arts de Montréal, Gestes Hochschule für Bildende Künste, Ausstellungsprojekt der Klasse Armleder Braunschweig, Germany, 504
Festival Atlantico, Lisbon
Galleria Nazionale d’Arte Moderna e Contemporanea, Rome (with Jessica Diamond)
Centro d’Arte Contemporanea Ticino, Bellinzona, Transit
Centre d’Art Contemporain, Fribourg, bonjour, bon echo
Tal Museum, Engelberg, Landschaft heute
Galerie der Stadt Schwaz im Palais Enzenberg, Schwaz, Austria, Ruhm und Ehre
Neues Kunstmuseum Luzern, Lucerne, Landschaftsräume Le Magasin, Centre National d’Art Contemporain, Grenoble, cur. by Eric Troncy, Dramatically Different
Centre PasquArt, Biel, cur. by Christoph Doswald, Nonchalance
1996
Biennale São Paulo, Where do we go from here?
Bunker 4th floor, Berlin, Files
Alte Kunsthalle Zürich, Zurich, cur. by Lionel Bovier, YoungART Zürich
Centre d’Art Neuchâtel, Neuchâtel, Non! Pas comme ca!
ICA, Philadelphia, Conversation Pieces II
Galerie Arndt & Partner, Berlin, The Aggression of Beauty
Interims Kunsthalle, Berlin, Macht der Verführung
Attitude, Fribourg, Cabines de bain
2. Österreich.Triennale zur Fotografie, Neue Galerie und Künstlerhaus, Graz, Radikale Bilder
Kunsthalle Szombathely, Radikale Bilder
Collège Marcel Duchamp, Châteauroux, Modèles corrigés
Kunsthalle, Berlin, Die Galerie. Geschichte der Wewerka Galerie Berlin
Haus am Waldsee, Berlin, Landschaft. Mit dem Blick der 90er Jahre
1995
Forde, Geneva, cur. by Lionel Bovier & Christophe Cherix, Snow Job
Memory/Cage Edition, Zurich, The Pleasure of Merely Circulating
Centre d’Art Contemporain, Geneva, Livres d’artistes
Mitterheinmuseum, Koblenz, Landschaft mit dem Blick der 90er Jahre
Kunsthalle Palazzo, Liestal, Salon-Ausstellung. 5 Jahre Kunsthalle Palazzo
Museum Schlossburg a.d. Saale, Berlin, Landschaft der 90er Jahre
Haus am Waldsee, Berlin, Landschaft der 90er Jahre
Zypressenstrasse 71, Zurich, cur. by Harm Lux, Fields
Kunsthalle, Bremen, Kunstpreis der Böttcherstrasse in Bremen
École cantonale d'art de Lausanne, cur. by Lionel Bovier, Entrée en matière
Helmhaus, Zurich, Oh Pain! Oh Life!
Galerie Peter Kilchmann, Zurich, Private Welten
1994
Galerie Six Friedrich, Munich, & einige skulpturen
Kunsthalle Palazzo, Liestal (with A. Schnider, F. Valloton)
Galerie Walcheturm, Zurich, cur. by Ugo Rondinone, Passing Through
Moderna Galerja Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Lokalni cas. Dunajski material vogledalu nelagodja (Lokalzeit. Wiener Material im Spiegel des Unbehagens.)
Raum Strohal, Vienna, cur. by Peter Weibel, Lokalzeit – Wiener Material im Spiegel des Unbehagens 
Kunsthaus, Zurich, cur. by Bice Curiger, Endstation Sehnsucht
Kunstverein München, Munich, Oh boy, it’s a girl!
Messepalast Wien, Vienna, Oh boy, it’s a girl!
Steirischer Herbst, Graz, cur. by Paolo Bianchi, 100 Umkleidekabinen
Fotohof Salzburg, Salzburg, Suspension
Fotoforum, Innsbruck, Suspension
Galerie im Taxispalais, Innsbruck, Eine Galerie stellt sich vor: Galerie Walcheturm, Zürich
Hauptbahnhof Zürich, Zurich, Ein artig Kommen und Gehen
1993
Galerie Six Friedrich, Munich, Papierarbeiten & einige Skulpturen
Shedhalle, Zurich, Changing I
Frankfurter Kunstverein, Frankfurt, Prospect 93
Centre d’Art Contemporain Martigny, Hellbound
Shop, Zurich, cur. by Michelle Nicol, Serial
Mucsarnok, Salamon Torony, Visegard, Donau
Kunsthalle Wien, Vienna, Die Sprache der Kunst
1992
Frankfurter Kunstverein, Frankfurt, Die Sprache der Kunst
Kunstmuseum Luzern, Lucerne (with U. Fischer, C. di Gallo)
Centre Culturel Suisse, Paris, cur. by Bice Curiger & Hans Ulrich Obrist, Oh! Cet écho!
1991
Galerie B. & L. Polla-Analix, Geneva, cur. by Gianni Romano, 20 Fragile Pieces
Chamer Räume, Cham, cur. by Peter Bläuer, Kunst an Ort 
Nassauischer Kunstverein, Wiesbaden, Über dem Röstigraben
1990
Shedhalle, Zurich, Stillstand Switches
1989
Kunstmuseum Luzern, Lucerne 
Kunsthalle Winterthur, Igitur
Kunstmuseum Luzern, Lucerne, Weihnachtsausstellung
1988
Shedhalle, Zurich, Spiel der Spur
1987
Seedamm Kulturzentrum, Pfäffikon
1986
Galerie M2, Vevey
1985
Kunstmuseum Luzern, Lucerne, Weihnachtsausstellung
Shedhalle, Zurich, Junge Schweizer (with U. Frei, D. Zimmermann)
Selected bibliography.
Rondinone, Ugo. "No How On". New York: Distributed Art Publishers, 2002.
Tarsia, Andrea. "Ugo Rondinone—zero built a nest in my navel". London: Whitechapel Art Gallery, 2005.
John Kaldor Family Collection, Art Gallery of New South Wales (2011), Wayne Tunnicliffe (New Zealand; Australia) (Editor), Art Gallery of New South Wales (Australia, estab. 1874).

</doc>
<doc id="18883669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883669" title="O Zhang">
O Zhang

O Zhang (Chinese: 张 鸥, pinyin: Zhang Ou, born November 23, 1976, Guangzhou, China) is a Chinese artist based in New York. Although she is best known for her photographs depicting Chinese youth, Zhang also makes paintings, short films and installations. She was trained as an oil painter at the Central Academy of Fine Art in Beijing before moving to London where she earned two MAs, the first in Fine Arts from Byam Shaw School of Art, and the second from the Royal College of Art in Photography. In 2004 Zhang moved to New York City where she has since lived and worked, making yearly returns to her native China. O Zhang is represented by CRG Gallery, NY, which will present her first American solo exhibition, "The World Is Yours (But Also Ours)", in December, 2008. Zhang is also represented by Pékin Fine Arts in Beijing and by FA Projects in London.
Childhood.
Zhang was born in the city of Guangzhou to English-translator parents who were forced, by the Chinese Cultural Revolution government, to move to the edge of Jishou, a village in the Hunan Province, soon after Zhang’s birth. In the countryside Zhang was exposed to and learned the language of ethnic minority groups like the Miao and the Tujia, and demonstrated her ability to adapt to situations where she was an “outsider.” Zhang remembers her childhood as “very peaceful and colorful,” and notes that this is where she established the foundation for her aesthetic preferences.
Education.
Zhang attended schools in both China and the United Kingdom.
China: Guangzhou and Beijing.
After six and a half years in Jishou, Zhang and her parents moved back to Guangzhou, which she considers to be her hometown. Zhang studied art at the Guangzhou Children’s Palace, the Guangzhou Academy of Art affiliate Middle School and at nineteen she left Guangzhou to attend the Central Academy of Fine Arts in Beijing. It was in Beijing that Zhang discovered photography, yet to her dismay the Central Academy did not have a photography department. Thus, Zhang taught herself photography technique after hours when she often snuck into the school studios with models in order to shoot. For her first series, "Masterpieces in my Eyes", Zhang projected images of Western figurative masterpieces on nude female models and photographed them in an effort to impose, “the male standards of female form” upon the models. Zhang graduated from the Central Academy of Fine Arts in 2000.
United Kingdom: London.
Zhang states that after graduating from the Central Academy she, “wanted to go abroad to see the outside world,” so she moved to London to study at the Byam Shaw School of Art and made two new series, "Water Moon" (2001–02) and "Black Hair". For "Water Moon", Zhang employed the same method used in "Masterpieces in my Eyes", however, she projected Ming Dynasty erotic paintings, which were outlawed in China, on faceless models. For "Black Hair", Zhang photographed the wet hair of Asian women arranged in brush-like “strokes” on their backs, mimicking Chinese characters. One critic writes of the series, “The hair represents a significant and lasting genetic trait of Asian women and is therefore a symbol of survival, and Chinese writing is still a lasting tradition, yet both are out of context, the writing is not on paper and the woman is in a Western tub”. Zhang received her second MA in London at The Royal College of Art where she began to plan her next project that would involve her returning to China, "Horizon" (2004).
Major Projects.
"Horizon".
Zhang’s inspiration for "Horizon" came from the Chinese Cultural Revolution slogan, “rebellion is the rule.” Her goal was to produce a series of images that question current assumptions about the primacy of western power. The installation consists of a three row grid of photographs: on the top young Chinese girls squat on the hill looking down to the viewer, in the middle row’s girls eyes are at the viewer’s eye level and in the bottom row the girls are placed in a field of grass and look up to the viewer. The positioning of the horizon-line is consistent from photo to photo so that throughout each row the images merge to become one larger landscape. London critic JJ Charlesworth writes of the series:
"Daddy and I".
Zhang’s next series, "Daddy and I", concerns itself with adolescent adopted Chinese girls and their adoptive American Caucasian fathers in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Oregon. Since 1991, when China loosened its adoption law, American families have adopted more than 55,000 Chinese children, almost all girls.
Zhang, in a speech given on WPS1 Art Radio, P.S.1 Contemporary Art Center on March 27 of 2008, discusses what questions motivated her to move forward with the "Daddy and I" project. She states:
Criticisms.
Some critics see the works as manipulative and claim that the girls look like “Thai Lolitas,” while others argue that it is necessary to realize that the work feeds into common stereotypes and concepts of political correctness, thus making the images more than they are and asking the viewer not to submit their interpretations to stereotypes.
"The World is Yours (But Also Ours)".
Zhang’s most recent project, "The World is Yours (But Also Ours)", completed in July–August 2008, will be shown at the Frieze Art Fair 2008 and the CRG Gallery, NY in December 2008. The images depict Chinese youth wearing American style tee-shirts featuring "Chinglish" statements and bordered with Chinese Cultural Revolution -era propaganda slogans. In doing so the series visually captures conflicts in modern day Chinese culture, such as communist legacy vs. recent rapid economic development and traditional culture vs. western popular culture, thus encapsulating the identity crisis facing Chinese youth and modern China.
Current projects.
Zhang is currently working on a Chinese book that documents her experiences as a Chinese art student living in London titled, An Empire Where The Moon Light Never Fades. It will be published by Shanghai Art and Literature Publishing House in January 2009.
http://www.amazon.com/Empire-Where-Light-Never-Chinese/dp/B001PRQ6ZA
O Zhang is working on a solo exhibition at the Queens Museum of Art. Cutting the Blaze to New Frontiers marks the 70th anniversary of the 1939-40 New York World’s Fair. The project harkens back to its inspirational theme “the Dawn of a New Day” against the backdrop of today’s financial crisis. The artist assembled a miniature fair in collaboration with a group of Queens youth of immigrant parents. Having never visited their parents’ countries of origin, the young participants imagined their own “motherland” as a national pavilion. Her mini-Fair reflects the increasingly complex cultural demographics of Queens and its inimitable vigor as the future of the nation.
http://www.queensmuseum.org/o-zhang-cutting-the-blaze-to-new-frontiers
Future projects.
Zhang is commissioned by Chinatown Art Space and Royal Opera House in London to make a short film about Anna May Wong (1905–61), the first Asian-American actress who gained a star on Hollywood’s Walk of Fame. Of Anna And Dreams is a modern and artistic interpretation of her three dreams exploring three themes in her life: Fear, Identity Complex and Lust for Love.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1634823/
Awards.
Zhang is a participant in the Artists Residency Program at Queens Museum of Art, New York and is the recipient of fellowships from the Rockefeller Foundation Bellagio Center, and the Wilson Centre for Photography. She was awarded the Fuji Film Student Award and The Royal College of Photography Graduate Award and was nominated/short-listed for The Chinese Contemporary Art Award, Beck's Futures Award, The Creative Capital Awards and The Louis Comfort Biennial Award. Zhang was the first student from mainland China to receive the Royal College of Art MA Photography degree which requires an approval honor by Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="18883673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883673" title="Daniel Migliore">
Daniel Migliore

Daniel L. Migliore is a Christian theologian and author. He is Professor Emeritus of Theology at Princeton Theological Seminary.
His works include:
About: He holds a B.D. from Princeton Theological Seminary and an M.A. and Ph.D. from Princeton University. He received an honorary doctorate (humane letters) from his alma mater Westminster College (Pennsylvania). An ordained Presbyterian minister, he is a member of the Presbytery of New Brunswick and frequently teaches in local congregations. His areas of interest include systematic theology, Karl Barth, the Trinity, and Christology. During his career he taught courses on Christology, the doctrine of God, the theology of Karl Barth, Barth’s Church Dogmatics, and an introductory course on the doctrines and practices of Christian faith. He retired as Charles Hodge Professor of Systematic Theology at Princeton Theological Seminary in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18883676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883676" title="Big Hole National Forest">
Big Hole National Forest

Big Hole National Forest was established as the Big Hole Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in Montana and Idaho on November 5, 1906 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 Big Hole was divided between Beaverhead, Deerlodge and Bitterroot National Forests and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18883694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883694" title="The May Fair">
The May Fair

The May Fair is a historic hotel with a modern design, set in the heart of Mayfair, London. It is located on Stratton Street, within close proximity of Piccadilly, Bond Street, Knightsbridge, Green Park and Buckingham Palace.
The 406-room hotel completed a $150 million renovation in November 2006, updating the historic West End hotel that first opened in 1927 with King George V and Queen Mary in attendance. Its transformation adds features like Fendi furnishings; Baccarat chandeliers, a private theatre, ten signature suites, the May Fair Bar, Asian-inspired May Fair Spa and high-end Palms Casino.
A blue plaque unveiled in 2005 on the May Fair commemorates dance band leader Bert Ambrose, who regularly performed at the hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="18883719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883719" title="Fairview Presbyterian Church (Lawrenceville, Georgia)">
Fairview Presbyterian Church (Lawrenceville, Georgia)

Fairview Presbyterian Church in Lawrenceville, Georgia, USA, is the state's oldest still-running Presbyterian church, first opening on Sunday, August 10, 1823. 
The church consists of four distinct areas: a sanctuary, a fellowship hall, a graveyard, and an office/Sunday school/Korean worship building. Despite its age, it is well cared for, receiving updates and repairs whenever and wherever they are needed, including but not limited to, pews, security cameras, extra rooms, and a speaker system. The only thing that hasn't changed is the overall look from the exterior; the siding is still the same style, and the stained-glass windows are the originals.

</doc>
<doc id="18883724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883724" title="Symphony No. 12 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 12 (Haydn)

The Symphony No. 12 in E major (Hoboken I/12) is a symphony by Joseph Haydn. The symphony was composed in 1763.
It is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, strings and continuo The symphony is homotonal and in three movements:
The second movement is in "siciliano", or rocking rhythm, similar to the pastoral slow movements of Symphonies 27 and B.

</doc>
<doc id="18883728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883728" title="HD 153261">
HD 153261

HD 153261 is the Henry Draper Catalogue designation for a star in the southern constellation of Ara. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 6.137, placing it near the threshold of naked eye visibility. According to the Bortle Dark-Sky Scale, it can be viewed from dark suburban or rural skies. Based upon an annual parallax shift of just 2.32 mas, it is located at a distance of around from Earth.
This star has been catalogued with a stellar classification of B1 V:ne or B2 IVne, indicating that it is either a main sequence or a subgiant star. The 'n' indicates a nebulous spectrum created by the Doppler shift-broadened absorption lines from a rapid rotation, while the 'e' means this is a Be star, with the spectrum showing emission lines from hot, circumstellar gas. HD 153261 display some variability with an amplitude of 0.090 in magnitude, and is a suspected spectroscopic binary.
HD 153261 is a large star with over ten times the Sun's mass and around 4.5 the radius of the Sun. It shines with more than 11,000 times the brightness of the Sun, with this energy being radiated into space at an effective temperature of 21,150 K. At this heat, it glows with the blue-white hue of a B-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="18883734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883734" title="Diamond Mountain National Forest">
Diamond Mountain National Forest

Diamond Mountain National Forest was established as the Diamond Mountain Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in California on July 14, 1905 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 a portion of Diamond Mountain was transferred to Plumas National Forest and the remainder to Lassen National Forest. The name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18883740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883740" title="Henry Coey Kane">
Henry Coey Kane

Admiral Sir Henry Coey Kane, KCB, (d. 30 January 1917) was a Royal Navy officer.
He was the second son of Sir Robert Kane, the Irish chemist, and entered the Royal Navy as a cadet in 1853 having been educated at St. Vincent's College, Castleknock, County Dublin - (Castleknock College). He was promoted to Captain in 1882, Rear-Admiral in 1897, and Admiral in 1907.
He saw active service during the 1882 Anglo-Egyptian War, and from 1883 to 1887 he was a Naval Attaché. In 1887 he was appointed to command the new cruiser HMS "Calliope" in the Pacific, and after service in China and Australia was sent to Samoa to watch over a growing international crisis there. This posting is generally remembered for a remarkable act of seamanship; when "Calliope" was in harbour, the island was struck by a powerful cyclone. Of the eleven ships present, only "Calliope" was able to successfully escape the harbour and ride out the cyclone at sea; the others were beached or wrecked, with over two hundred lives lost.
This event made Kane's career; he was made CB in the Queen's Birthday Honours for 1891, and given command of HMS "Victory", a highly prestigious posting, the following year. In 1894, he was appointed as the Director of Naval Ordnance, holding the office until he retired in 1898. He was made a Knight Commander of the Bath in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="18883742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883742" title="Silex Piano">
Silex Piano

The Silex Piano is a musical instrument of the Lithophone family. It was created by Honoré Baudre, circa 1885 and was described in several contemporary publications.
Cassell's Magazine.
According to Cassell's Family Magazine Illustrated, 1885:
"It has long been known that certain flintstones emit a musical note when struck with other flints; and M. Baudre, a French musician, has constructed a piano on this principle. The flints are chosen according to their pitch when struck, and suspended horizontally by their two ends in a row like the keys of a Piano. An elegant metal framework supports the stones, and wires are used to suspend them. A sounding-board is placed a fraction of an inch below the row of stones. Tunes are played by means of two smaller flints held in the hands. The stone which emits the greatest tone weighs 4 lbs.; that which gives the corresponding half-tone weighs 9lbs. This large flint is immediately followed by one weighing 1oz. A 3oz. stone in the set gives the same as another weighing 6,000 grains; so that it is not alone the size of the stones, but other properties which affect the sounds."
Scientific American.
In 1866, a M. Baudry (sic) was described in "Scientific American" as having made a Flint Piano. As silex is the French word for flint, this would appear to be either the same instrument or a precursor of it. The article was in fact taken from the "The Mechanics' Magazine" at an unspecified earlier date.
"A curious novelty has just been brought to London and is about to be exhibited to the public. It consists of a remarkable-looking piano, made of flints suspended from an iron frame, which are struck with a short flint to produce the notes. The flints are about, forty in number, and elongated, but of various lengths and thicknesses. They are arranged in the order of their tone, and the labor and investigation of years were required before the complete scale was formed.
"The Star says that M. Baudry, the gentlemen who has made the instrument, was two years seeking for one particular stone, or tone—the terms being here almost synonymous. Two other tones were, after an almost endless investigation of flints, obtained from pieces of schist, the only exception to the flint tones which form the instrument. M. Baudry entertained some friends on Saturday afternoon last with a performance on this curious instrument, which was much admired, not only for its novelty, but also for its musical effect.
"The tones are unlike those of any known instrument, as may be readily comprehended by any one who knows the ring of a piece of flint, and possess a sharpness that renders the performance peculiar, though by no means unpleasing. The flints are many of them very peculiar in form, and it would be a matter of no small difficulty to frame any coherent theory of the causes of the variety of tones observable, for they are by no means in the exact ratio of the size or weight of the different flints.
"M. Baudry’s perseverance and skill in working out his ingenious idea have met with that success which he sought, and he deserves now to meet with a further success, which it is to be hoped will be awarded to him by the public.
While the "Scientific American" report uses "Baudry" throughout, there is a print by Poyet showing Honoré Baudre play his "geological piano", which has the stones held in a similar layout to a xylophone. This is offered for sale on the web and may be seen there.
The Times.
An 1875 article in "The Times" refers to an instrument which its inventor, Honoré Baudre, had been exhibiting "during the last 20 years, principally in the Paris neighbourhood". It was reported to contain 28 flint stones, exactly as they had been quarried from the chalk. There was another performance of the "geological piano" on January 7, 1876 at the "Royal Polytechnic", with entry charged at one shilling.
Musical Stones of Skiddaw.
The musical instrument described, seems very much like the musical stones of Skiddaw, in theory and arrangement.

</doc>
<doc id="18883747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883747" title="William Anderson (political scientist)">
William Anderson (political scientist)

William Anderson (October 25, 1888 – May 1975) was a U.S. political scientist, who served on national commissions in the 1940s and 1950s.
He received an A.B. degree from the University of Minnesota in 1913, and an A.M. and Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1914 and 1917. He was an instructor of government at Harvard until 1916, and then on the faculty of the University of Minnesota from 1916 to 1957, serving as professor and chairman of the political science department.
He served as a member of the Commission on the Organization of the Executive Branch of Government in 1947-48, and on the Commission on Intergovernmental Relations in 1953-55.
He wrote at least twelve books on political science topics.

</doc>
<doc id="18883756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883756" title="Dismal River National Forest">
Dismal River National Forest

Dismal River National Forest was established as the Dismal River Forest Reserve by the General Land Office in Nebraska on April 16, 1902 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905, it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 the lands were transferred to Nebraska National Forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="18883772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883772" title="Eric Biwa">
Eric Biwa

Eric Biwa (born 8 May 1953 in Vaalgras, Karas Region) is a former Namibian politician with the Patriotic Union Movement, a party which was a member of the United Democratic Front (UDF).
Pre-independence.
A former combatant in the Namibian War of Independence with SWAPO's armed wing, Biwa was one of many alleged spies detained near Lubango, Angola in the 1980s. Biwa founded the PUM in July 1989 ahead of the 1989 elections and immediately led the party into the UDF alliance. Biwa was a member of the National Assembly of Namibia from its founding as the Constituent Assembly prior to independence in 1989 until his resignation in 2003. He was replaced by Gustaphine Tjombe.

</doc>
<doc id="18883777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883777" title="UFO Interactive Games">
UFO Interactive Games

Based in Pomona, California, UFO Interactive Games is a publisher of interactive video game content, developing on multiple platforms with a focus on original and mass-market gaming software. As an official third party licensee of Nintendo of America and Sony Computer Entertainment of America, UFO Interactive Games publishes numerous titles for the Nintendo DS, Wii, PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, and Xbox 360 consoles.
The company has published titles, which appeal to hardcore gamers and the general public, such as Way of the Samurai 3 and Balloon Pop, and has also launched a line of titles tailored for more casual gamers, children, and families as well.
A UFO Family division of wholesome and educational video games has been recently initiated and introduced, filling in a void within the present casual gaming market. UFO Family has created a line of titles on the Nintendo DS that appeal to parents and give a positive point of entry for kids aged 3–6. Interactive Storybook DS, Smart Girl’s Playhouse, Smart Boy’s Gameroom, and Smart Kid’s Gameclub are the first releases of this award winning series of UFO Family games. 
UFO Interactive Games also has long-standing relationships and affiliates with other leading developers in Asia and Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18883779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883779" title="The Road Back Home">
The Road Back Home

The Road Back Home is the second compilation album by the Swedish progressive rock band The Flower Kings.
It is a double album with some of the group's shorter and more straightforward songs, rather than their usual long/complex epic songs. All of the songs have been remastered and most have been remixed. Some have even been reworked, with new guitar solos, or new lead vocals, or different backing vocals, etc.
Roine Stolt personally made all the remakes, between December 2006 and January 2007, and gives comments for each track on the album's booklet. The album includes a previously unreleased track from "The Rainmaker" sessions and a cover version of Genesis' famous song "The Cinema Show".
Track listing.
All songs by Roine Stolt except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18883786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883786" title="10th Louisiana Infantry">
10th Louisiana Infantry

The 10th Louisiana Infantry Regiment was a Louisiana infantry unit of the Confederate States of America that operated with the Army of Northern Virginia of the American Civil War. It was known as Lee's Foreign Legion due to the large numbers of foreign-born troops.
Unit composition.
10th Infantry Regiment was assembled at Camp Moore, Louisiana, during June and July 1861, and soon moved to Virginia. Its members were from Orleans and Bossier and St. Landry parishes. Wearing zouave uniforms, the regiment was composed of many foreigners including Greeks, Italians, Spainards, and French but overall probably about 1/3 of the unit was Irish.
In April 1862, it totalled 595 men and during the war served in McLaws', Semmes', Starke's, Nicholl's, Iverson's, Stafford's, and York's Brigade.
Engagements.
The 10th Louisiana fought in many engagements of the Army of the Northern Virginia from the Battle of Williamsburg to the Battle of Cold Harbor. At the Battle of Gettysburg in July 1863, the regiment was part of the brigade of Col. Jessie Williams and participated in a series of unsuccessful attacks on Union entrenchments on Culp's Hill. Later, the 10th was part of the Mine Run and Bristoe campaigns.
After participating in the Overland Campaign in early 1864, the 10th then was active in the Shenandoah Valley with General Early. In the spring of 1865, it took part in the Appomattox Campaign.
Losses.
The brigade lost 27% of the 318 engaged at the Battle of Malvern Hill, had 16 killed, 33 wounded, and 7 missing at the Battle of Antietam, and 15 killed and 51 wounded at the Battle of Chancellorsville. The regiment reported 3 wounded at the Second Battle of Winchester and lost more than forty-five percent of the 226 at the Battle of Gettysburg. On April 9, 1865, only 4 officers and 13 men surrendered after the Battle of Appomattox Courthouse.
Officers.
The field officers were Colonels Antoine James de Marigny de Mandeville, Henry D. Monier, and Eugene Waggaman; Lieutenant Colonels Jules C. Denis and J.M. Legett; and Majors Felix Dumonteil, Thomas N. Powell, and William H. Spencer.

</doc>
<doc id="18883788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883788" title="Žiče Charterhouse">
Žiče Charterhouse

The Žiče Charterhouse () was a Carthusian monastery or charterhouse in the narrow valley of Žičnica Creek, also known as Saint John the Baptist Valley () after the church dedicated to John the Baptist at the monastery near the village of Žiče (German: "Seiz", formerly "Seitz") in the Municipality of Slovenske Konjice in northeastern Slovenia.
The charterhouse was founded between 1155 and 1165, and was the first Carthusian monastery in the German sphere of influence of the time, and also the first outside France or Italy. The monastery also had one of the first pharmacies in what is now Slovenia.
The monastery was abolished in 1782, but the buildings survive or are being recreated.
History.
The Žiče Charterhouse was founded between 1155 and 1165 by Ottokar III of Styria, the Margrave of Styria, and his son Duke Ottokar IV of Styria, of the house of Traungau, both of whom were buried there. The monastery was settled by Carthusian monks from the Grande Chartreuse in France ("Ecclesia Maior"), which also financed the construction, led by Master Aynard, and influenced the arrangement of the premises. As with French charterhouses, two monasteries were built here: the upper one (the Žiče Charterhouse), where the cloister monks lived according to the strict rule of the Carthusians; and the lower one in the village of Špitalič for the lay monks, who spent less time in prayer and worked as craftsmen, supporting the upper monastery and contributing to its prosperity. The monastery church dedicated to Saint John the Baptist was consecrated on 24 October 1190 by Patriarch Berthold of Aquileia.
At the time of the Great Schism in the western Roman Catholic church in the 14th century, the Žiče Charterhouse became the seat of the Prior General of the Carthusian order for a while in 1391.
The monastery was attacked during an Ottoman raid in 1531. This marked the beginning of a decline in its influence and fortunes. In 1564 it passed into the hands of commendatory abbots and in 1591 to the Jesuits of Graz. It was recovered by the Carthusians in 1593, after which it prospered again. In 1782 Emperor Joseph II abolished the monastery, one of the earliest to be dissolved under the Josephine Reforms.
The charterhouse was allowed to fall into decay. The ruins were bought from the religious foundation in 1826 by Prince Weriand of Windisch-Graetz and remained the property of this family until the end of World War II. Now the owner is the Municipality of Slovenske Konjice.
Pseudoetymology.
The following legend is a pseudoetymology of the monastery name. When the Margrave of Styria Ottokar III returned from the Second Crusade, he wished for some relaxation and therefore visited Leopold from Gonobitz to go hunting on Mount Konjice (). Coincidentally he came to a shady hollow in the south part of the mountain, where suddenly an extremely white hind appeared in front of him. He followed it as bewitched on his horse, but because he was not able to catch it he fell asleep in the shade on the hot summer afternoon (on St. John the Baptist's day). A man in a white fur coat appeared in his dream and revealed himself as St. John the Baptist, ordering him to build a monastery on this place. At that moment a rabbit jumped into Ottokar's lap because it was frightened by the hunter's screaming. The saint's image disappeared and Ottokar shouted: "A rabbit, look, a rabbit!" Because of this rabbit the monastery was called "Seiz Charterhouse" (the Slovenian pronunciation of rabbit, "zajec", is written Seiz in German) for a long time and has the initial "S" in its coat of arms.
Library.
Soon the monastery became a center of culture and politics in its territory and far beyond. The Carthusian Prior General from Žiče, Stephen Maconi, a friend of Saint Catherine of Siena connected the politically and ecclesiastically divided continent of Europe from this place. In the 14th century the monastery had a library of over 2,000 volumes (mostly manuscripts) which was larger than all but the Vatican library.
On 30 May 1487, the visiting Bishop of Caorle stayed at the Žiče charterhouse as an emissary of the Patriarch of Aquileia. His secretary Paolo Santonino wrote in his "Itinerary" that the monks had more than 2,000 volumes (manuscripts). Now only 120 are known, with fragments of a further 100 or so.
In the mid-16th century, as the result of a number of tragic events in the preceding half-century, the monastery was nearly abandoned and Archduke Charles II of Styria ordered the books to be moved to the library of the Jesuit College in Graz.
Žiče manuscripts.
The Carthusian order never preached religion through the spoken word, but took to spreading it in writing, accepting into the order only people with a good knowledge of foreign languages (mostly German, Latin, and Greek) and exemplary writing skills. They devoted a large part of their lives to producing precise copies of existing texts as well as creating new ones on a wide range of topics, from theology to astronomy, from practical sciences to those more literary in nature. Among the texts still in existence are many notable works which are part of the intellectual heritage of this region and the wider Middle-European sphere.
Despite the loss of most of the manuscripts, the remnants of impressive library can still provide a valuable insight into several centuries of continuous development of the medieval book. Today about 120 manuscripts and 100 fragments are known. This is only a fraction of the whole, and even this small part is almost entirely outside Slovenian borders. Yet this is the only group of medieval manuscripts from Slovenia, making it possible to follow nearly four centuries of unbroken manuscript production within one monastic community. The manuscripts from the Žiče Charterhouse include many notable texts written by authors living in Žiče or the nearby Jurklošter Charterhouse. Examples include texts by Phillip of Žiče (Seitz), Nicolaus Kempf, and Sifried of Swabia.
Several of these manuscripts are also signed by monks or copyists from outside, who were probably benefactors, and their hand-written works makes of rich palette of paleographical forms. It is also the only group of manuscripts in Slovenia which is complete enough to follow the development of flourished (penwork) initials and consequently to speak about the "Žiče style". Some manuscripts also display colourful painted initials and other illuminated elements, created by professional and—as was common practice in those times—by itinerant painters.
Present day.
Today the charterhouse is an important cultural monument with about 20,000 visitors per year. Reconstruction work under expert supervision is still in progress. Just outside the charterhouse is the Gastuž Inn, purporting to be the oldest inn on Slovenian territory (dating to 1467).

</doc>
<doc id="18883790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883790" title="Andre Jacquemetton">
Andre Jacquemetton

Andre Jacquemetton is an American television writer and producer. He served as a producer for the first season of "Mad Men" and co-wrote -- with wife Maria Jacquemetton -- three episodes of the season. Alongside his colleagues on the writing staff he won a Writers Guild of America Award for Best New Series and was nominated for the award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2008 ceremony for his work on the season. He returned as a producer for the second season and continued to write episodes. He was nominated for the WGA award for Best Dramatic Series a second time at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the second season. He won the WGA Award for Best Drama Series (after being nominated for the third consecutive year) at the February 2010 ceremony for his work on the third season.
He has been nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for writing the episodes "Six Month Leave", "Blowing Smoke", and "Commissions and Fees".

</doc>
<doc id="18883808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883808" title="Blackfeet National Forest">
Blackfeet National Forest

Blackfeet National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Montana on July 1, 1908 with . On June 22, 1935 Blackfeet was divided between Flathead National Forest and Kootenai National Forest, and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18883811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883811" title="Paul van Buren">
Paul van Buren

Paul Matthews van Buren (1924–1998) was a Christian theologian and author. An ordained Episcopalian priest he was a Professor of religion at Temple University, Philadelphia for 22 years. 
He was Director of the Center of Ethics and Religious Pluralism at the Shalom Hartman Institute in Jerusalem. 
He died of cancer on June 18, 1998 at age 74.
Early life.
He was born and raised in Norfolk, Virginia. During World War II, he had served in the United States Coast Guard. 
He attended Harvard College, from which he graduated with a bachelor's degree in government, in 1948. He then attended the Episcopal Theological School, and received a bachelor's of sacred theology in 1951. It was after this that he was ordained as an Episcopal priest in the Diocese of Massachusetts. He received a PhD in theology in 1957, from the University of Basel in Switzerland studying under Karl Barth. A professor at Temple University, he was considered a leader of the "Death of God" school or movement, although he himself rejected that name for the movement as a "journalistic invention", and considered himself an exponent of "Secular Christianity".
Works.
Below is an incomplete list of his works:

</doc>
<doc id="18883813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883813" title="Camil Mureşanu">
Camil Mureşanu

Camil Bujor Mureşanu (born Turda, April 20, 1927) is a historian, professor, author, and translator.
Biography.
Mureşanu was born and reared in Turda. He attended the King Ferdinand High School in Turda, where his father, Teodor Murăşanu, was a teacher. After 1946, he studied history at Cluj University, where he graduated in June 1950.
Mureşanu became a teaching assistant, junior teaching assistant (1950-1952), assistant professor (1952-1961), associate professor (1961-1975), and professor (after 1975) at Babeş-Bolyai University. Also, he was the dean of Faculty of History (1968-1976, 1981-1989). He obtain his Ph.D. in history in 1971 with the thesis: Times of John Hunyadi (doctoral adviser Ṣtefan Pascu). He was visiting professor at Columbia University, New York City (1978). Mureşanu is a doctoral adviser after 1976. In the summer of 1948, Camil Mureşanu was arrested for political reasons, without penal sanctions.
He is a researcher at the "George Bariţiu" History Institute (after 1975). In 1995, he became the principal of "George Bariţiu" History Institute. He was a correspondng member of the Romanian Academy (1990), then member of the Romanian Academy - the History and Archaeology Section (June 2000) and branch chairman of Cluj Romanian Academy (after 2006). Officially, his surname was "Mureşan", but he prefers in the last years "Mureşanu".
He was a participant at the International Congress of Historical Sciences (Vienna - 1965, Moscow - 1970, Bucharest - 1980, Oslo - 2000). He attended a specialisation at Sorbonne University in Paris (February - June 1966).
He is a correspondent member of the "Süd-ost Europa Gesellschaft", Munich (October 1999), and Berlin (February 26, 2000), as well as a correspondent member of the Pedagogical Academy in Belgrade. He is the co-president of the Romanian-Hungarian mixed history commission.
Camil Mureşanu is a doctor honoris causa of the University of Oradea (December 1, 1999), the West University of Timişoara (March 2002), and the 1 Decembrie 1918 University, Alba Iulia (March 2007).
He is an honorary citizen of Cluj-Napoca (February 1997), Turda (June 1997), and Blaj (September 24, 1999).
He is a member of General Association of Greek Catholic Romanians.
Family.
His grand father was a priest and his father, Teodor Murăşanu, was a Romanian language teacher.
His son, Ovidiu Mureşan (born 1951), is a historian at Babeş-Bolyai University.

</doc>
<doc id="18883816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883816" title="Maria Jacquemetton">
Maria Jacquemetton

Maria Jacquemetton is an American television writer and producer. She graduated from Lehigh University in 1983. She served as a producer for the first season of "Mad Men" and co-wrote, with husband Andre Jacquemetton, three episodes of the season. Alongside her colleagues on the writing staff she won a Writers Guild of America Award for Best New Series and was nominated for the award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2008 ceremony for her work on the season. She returned as a producer for the second season and continued to write episodes. She was nominated for the WGA award for Best Dramatic Series a second time at the February 2009 ceremony for her work on the second season. She won the WGA Award for Best Drama Series (after being nominated for the third consecutive year) at the February 2010 ceremony for her work on the third season.
She has been nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for writing the episodes "Six Month Leave", "Blowing Smoke", and "Commissions and Fees".

</doc>
<doc id="18883832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883832" title="El Blog de la Feña">
El Blog de la Feña

El Blog de la Feña is the debut album by the Chilean actress and singer Denise Rosenthal. The album was released on August 14, 2008 in Chile via Feria Music Records, the first and lead single of the album was "No Quiero Escuchar Tu Voz" .

</doc>
<doc id="18883834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883834" title="Boone National Forest">
Boone National Forest

Boone National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in North Carolina on January 16, 1920, with . On March 25, 1921, Boone was combined with Pisgah National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18883840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883840" title="Con La Miel En Los Labios">
Con La Miel En Los Labios

Con La Miel En Los Labios is the debut album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno, released on the EMI-Odeon label in 1984. The album, whose title translates as "With Honey On The Lips", and which mainly combined flamenco with mainstream pop, included the singles "Azúcar Moreno", "Que Si, Que and "Canela", all of which met with moderate commercial success in Spain on their original release.
In 1992, after the duo had signed with Epic Records and had had their international breakthrough with the albums "Bandido" and "Mambo", EMI's American subsidiary, Capitol Records re-released "Con La Miel En Los Labios" worldwide as a 20 track CD compilation comprising both the original album and the 1986 follow-up "Estimúlame". 
In 2004, EMI's Dutch mid-price label, Disky Records released the compilation "Exitos Originales", which included fourteen tracks from the duo's first two albums. This was followed by "Le Diez De Azúcar Moreno", again released by Disky and including ten of the tracks.
In 2005, EMI released another compilation under the title "Grandes" a.k.a. "Colleción Grandes" a.k.a. "Azúcar Moreno, Vive A Tu Manera Y Otros Exitos", which again included ten tracks from these two early albums.
Track listing.
Original album.
Side A
Side B 

</doc>
<doc id="18883841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883841" title="Sultan Ahmed Mosque (disambiguation)">
Sultan Ahmed Mosque (disambiguation)

Sultan Ahmed Mosque may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18883851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883851" title="Preferential block voting">
Preferential block voting

Preferential block voting is a majoritarian voting system for electing several representatives from a single multimember constituency. Unlike the single transferable vote, preferential block voting is not a method for obtaining proportional representation, and instead produces similar results to plurality block voting, of which it can be seen as the instant-runoff version. Under both systems, a single group of like-minded voters can win every seat, making both forms of block voting nonproportional.
Casting and counting the ballots.
In preferential block voting, a ranked ballot is used, ranking candidates from most to least preferred. Alternate ballot forms may have two groupings of marks, first giving "n" votes for an "n" seat election (as in traditional "bloc voting"), but also allowing the alternate candidates to be ranked in order of preference and used if one or more first choices are eliminated.
Candidates with the smallest tally of first preference votes are eliminated (and their votes transferred as in instant runoff voting) until a candidate has more than half the vote. The count is repeated with the elected candidates removed and all votes returning to full value until the required number of candidates is elected. This is the method described in Robert's Rules of Order for electing multiple candidates to the same type of office.
Effects of preferential block voting.
With or without a preferential element, block voting systems have a number of features which can make them unrepresentative of the diversity of voters' intentions. Block voting regularly produces complete landslide majorities for the group of candidates with the highest level of support. Under preferential block voting, a slate of clones of the first winning candidate are guaranteed to win every available seat. Although less representative, this does tend to lead to greater agreement among those elected.
Usage of preferential block voting.
Block voting was used in the Australian Senate from 1901 to 1948; from 1918, this was preferential block voting.

</doc>
<doc id="18883854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883854" title="Bridget Bedard">
Bridget Bedard

Bridget Bedard is an American television writer. She served as a writer on the first season of "Mad Men" and wrote two episodes of the season. Alongside her colleagues on the writing staff she won a WGA award for best new series and was nominated for the award for best dramatic series for her work on the season. She wrote for the critically acclaimed comedy-drama series "Men of a Certain Age" on TNT. The show was cancelled after two seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="18883855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883855" title="Robert E. Armstrong">
Robert E. Armstrong

Robert E Armstrong (September 24, 1925 – August 21, 2008) was a former mayor of Fort Wayne, Indiana, former councilman of Allen County, Indiana and former athletic director of Snider High School.
Education.
Mayor Bob Armstrong was a graduate of Fort Wayne's Central High School (closed 1971) where he played on the State Championship Basketball Team in 1943. He attended Indiana University where he received a B.S. in Education and Health, Physical Education and Recreation in 1949 and a M.S. in Administration in 1954. At Indiana, he was a member of the Sigma Nu Fraternity and played and lettered on both the varsity basketball and football teams, and continued as a life member of the Indiana University Alumni Association as well as the Indiana University Varsity Club and I-Mens Association.
Armstrong also completed Post Graduate Coursework at Purdue University; Harvard Leadership Institutes; University of California; University of Saint Francis; Indiana-Purdue Universities; Indiana State University.
Military.
From 1944-1945, Armstrong served in the United States Army Air Forces. He was training to be a pilot to fight in World War II when the war ended, cutting his military service short. Bob was an active member of his local American Legion Post 47 throughout his life.
Political career.
Mayor Armstrong defeated Democratic incumbent Mayor Ivan Lebamoff in 1975 in a tight 27,145 to 26,761 victory. Armstrong helped Fort Wayne become a sister city with Takaoka, Japan. A large focus of his tenure was improving the city's budget. According to a 2000 "News-Sentinel" article, " took a 'pile of studies' on downtown revitalization that languished on shelves and put them to use."
Bob Armstrong had been a candidate for Fort Wayne City Council in the 1971 municipal election.
Since his time as Mayor, Bob Armstrong had held other elected positions throughout Fort Wayne and Allen County. Beginning in 1990, Bob represented the Second district on the Allen County Council. He held this position for 12 years and served as President from 1996 to 1998. In 2002, he and three other council members (including Bob's good friend Bill Schnizer) lost reelection in 2002 to a slate of younger candidates.
Armstrong was elected to be one of the State of Indiana's thirteen Presidential Electors and cast vote for Ronald Reagan on December 15, 1980 in the presidential election.
Republican involvement.
Starting in 1958, Armstrong was elected to serve as a delegate to the State Republican Conventions. Armstrong also served on the Indiana State Education Committee for Ronald Reagan's re-election, and was a political analyst on WANE-TV in 1980 on behalf of Republican candidates Ronald Reagan (President), Robert Orr (Governor), Dan Quayle (Senator), and Dan Coats (Congressman).
Name confusion.
Residents of Fort Wayne have continually confused former mayor Robert E. Armstrong with another local, Robert A. Armstrong. The Robert Armstrong name recognition allowed Robert A. Armstrong to win a spot in the 2002 Fort Wayne Community School Board election, despite having spent zero money campaigning and his absence of any related experience. Despite attempts of local newspapers "The News-Sentinel" and "The Journal Gazette" to inform the public of these differences, the confusion has persisted. In 2008, Robert A. Armstrong won nomination as a Republican candidate for an at-large position on the Allen County Council despite having not spent a single dollar on his campaign.
Education career.
Armstrong served as athletic director and school administrator at Snider High School from 1964-1991, with the exception of the time he was mayor. Before this he was an educator at Boswell High School in Boswell, Indiana, Washington Junior High School in Fort Wayne, and Central High School in Fort Wayne.
As Snider athletic director, Armstrong was a founding member of the Indiana Interscholastic Athletic Administrators Association and was president of the organization for the 1969-1970 school year.
At Snider, Armstrong was responsible for directing and managing all athletic programs, budget and personnel, as well as the physical plant, priority use and planning, certification and registration for athletes and officials. He was additionally responsible for handling all public relations for Snider, and was a guidance counselor.
In 1992, the Robert E. Armstrong Scholarship was established at R. Nelson Snider High School. A scholarship is awarded each year to an outstanding scholar-athlete to further their college education. 17 Scholarships have been awarded to date, providing assistance to these students in the furtherance of their education.
Community involvement.
Armstrong began the Fort Wayne tradition of neighborhood summer swim clubs with the establishment of Pocahontas Swimming & Tennis Club in 1959. From 1959 to 1973, Armstrong managed and coached the swim teams at Pocahontas Swimming & Tennis Club and Lake Forest Swimming & Tennis Club. Under his coaching, Pocahontas went undefeated for 7 years and Lake Forest went undefeated for 3 years.
Armstrong was a member of Trinity English Lutheran Church in Fort Wayne, where he served as a long time Deacon and usher.
As a member of the Allen County Board of Library Trustees, Armstrong was involved in the construction a new main branch library. He resigned from this position in spring of 2008. At the April 24, 2008 meeting, the Allen County Board of Library Trustees passed Resolution No. 2008-5, “Resolution Honoring Robert E. Armstrong for Distinguished Service to the Library and the Community.” 
Armstrong also was a member or participant in numerous other community organizations including: American Legion Post 47; Fort Wayne American Red Cross Board (recipient of the Volunteer Red Cross Recognition Award); Fort Wayne Historical Society; Fort Wayne Urban League; Fort Wayne Zoological Society (charter member);Fort Wayne Administrative Association (past president); Allen County Republican Luncheon Club; and several Chamber of Commerce committees.
Family.
Bob Armstrong was married to wife, Nila on September 9, 1948. Nila was a kindergarten teacher in the Fort Wayne Community Schools and was actively involved in Bob's political endeavors. Nila Armstrong died June 29, 2012 in Fort Wayne, Indiana. The couple had three sons, Daniel, Douglas, and David, five grandchildren, and three great-grandchildren. Daniel (spouse Linda) is the "Robert A. Welch" Professor of Chemistry and Biochemistry at the University of Texas at Arlington and has three children (Lincoln, Ross and Colleen); Douglas (wife Peggy) has two daughters (Meghan and Elizabeth); and David works with the Indiana Department of Transportation overseeing Federal funding for Local Governmental Agencies.

</doc>
<doc id="18883858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883858" title="Sir Thomas Western, 3rd Baronet">
Sir Thomas Western, 3rd Baronet

Sir Thomas C. C. Western, 3rd Baronet (1850 - 1 February 1917) was an English baronet.
He was born in 1850, the only son of Sir Thomas Sutton Western, 2nd Baronet, and educated at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford. After serving in the 2nd Life Guards, he became a Justice of the Peace and later Deputy Lieutenant for Essex. He succeeded his father to the baronetcy in 1877.In 1883.he married Elizabeth Ellen Newton, daughter of Sir Isaac Newton, when she was about 23 years old, 
He is reputed to have squandered his inheritance and the crash came first in 1893. A poster advertising the auction of property was "BY ORDER OF THE HIGH SHERIFF OF ESSEX " It took place on 4 July, at the "Angel" Inn, Kelvedon. Listed, were several items: -
References.
http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sir_Thomas_Western,_3rd_Baronet&action=edit#

</doc>
<doc id="18883872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883872" title="Estimúlame">
Estimúlame

Estimúlame is the second studio album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno, released on the EMI-Odeon label in 1986. The album whose title translates as "Stimulate Me" and which just like the debut "Con La Miel En Los Labios" mainly combined flamenco with mainstream pop and included the single "Estimúlame" and two tracks with Los Chunguitos, "Azul, Azul" and "Barquito De Papel", was also a modest commercial success in Spain on its original release.
In 1992, after the duo had signed with Epic Records and had had their international breakthrough with the albums "Bandido" and "Mambo", EMI's American subsidiary Capitol Records released the 20 track CD compilation "Con La Miel En Los Labios", comprising both their debut album and "Estimúlame".
In 2004 EMI's Dutch mid-price label Disky Records released the compilation "Exitos Originales" which included fourteen tracks from "Con La Miel En Los Labios" and "Estimúlame". Another Disky compilation "Le Diez De Azúcar Moreno" included ten of the tracks.
In 2005 EMI released another compilation under the title "Grandes" a.k.a. "Colleción Grandes" a.k.a. "Azúcar Moreno, Vive A Tu Manera Y Otros Exitos" which again included ten tracks from these two albums.
Track listing.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="18883882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883882" title="Chris Provenzano">
Chris Provenzano

Chris Provenzano is an American film and television writer. He co-wrote the story and screenplay for the motion picture "Get Low". He served as a writer on the first season of "Mad Men" in 2007, writing the episode "The Hobo Code" and co-writing the episode "Shoot". Alongside his colleagues on the writing staff he won a WGA award for best new series; he was also nominated for the award for best dramatic series and best episodic drama for "The Hobo Code". He served as an executive story editor on the first season of "Justified" in 2010, writing the episodes "Long in the Tooth" and co-writing "The Hammer".

</doc>
<doc id="18883884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883884" title="Carne De Melocotón">
Carne De Melocotón

Carne De Melocotón is the third studio album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno, their debut for the CBS-Epic label. The album, whose title translates as "Peach Flesh", was released in 1988 and saw the Salazár sisters embracing influences from contemporary pop, rock and dance music and arrangements with prominent use of synthesizers and drum machines, combined with a new bolder and sexier image. The lead single was "Aunque Me Falte El Aire" which also was their debut single on the UK market, then released under the title "Breathless". It was however a house music remix of the follow-up "Debajo Del Olivo" ("Under The Olive Tree") which became their breakthrough in Spain, and the track also became an underground club hit in Continental Europe and Scandinavia in early 1989. A full-length remix album entitled "Mix In Spain" followed that same year. The original album version of "Debajo Del Olivo" was included on the duo's first greatest hits album "Mucho Azúcar - Grandes Éxitos", released in 1997.
"Carne De Melocotón" was released on CD in Spain in 1988, and then also included the "Lerele" remix of "Aunque Me Falte El Aire" as a bonus track. While certain tracks have re-surfaced on Sony Music compilations like "Bandido Y Otros Exitos" and "Solo Azúcar", the original "Carne De Melocotón" album has been out of print in all formats ever since the early 1990s.
Track listing.
Side A
Side B
CD bonus track

</doc>
<doc id="18883898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883898" title="Askerød">
Askerød

Askerød is a concrete housing project in Hundige a suburb south of Copenhagen. The housing project is made up by 3-4 story concrete building and contains 722 apartments. The area have several times been referred to as an immigrant ghetto, by the Danish media. The majority of people living in "Askerød" are immigrants and Danes born by immigrants, most of whom are under the age of 18.

</doc>
<doc id="18883901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883901" title="Cabinet National Forest">
Cabinet National Forest

Cabinet National Forest was established in Idaho and Montana by the U.S. Forest Service on March 2, 1907 with , mostly in Montana. On July 1, 1954 it was divided among Kaniksu, Kootenai and Lolo National Forests. 

</doc>
<doc id="18883906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883906" title="Brett McBean">
Brett McBean

Brett McBean is best known as an award winning Australian horror, thriller and speculative fiction writer. He was born and raised in Melbourne, Australia. He is also a drummer and has an Advanced Diploma from Box Hill College of Music
McBean's novel "The Mother" was nominated as the "Best Novel" for the 2007 Ditmar Awards (where he was also nominates as "Best New Talent"), a Ned Kelly Award for "Best Novel" of 2007, a 2007 Aurealis Award for "Best Novel," and it received a 2006 honorable mention by the Australian Shadows Awards. His short story collection "Tales of Sin and Madness" won the 2011 Australian Shadows Award for "Best Collection".
He also has a keen interest in true crime, in particular the infamous Jack the Ripper murders of 1888 and he runs a Jack the Ripper website, "Saucy Jacky", in which he reviews Ripper movies and literature, as well as shares his thoughts about popular suspects and Ripper victims.

</doc>
<doc id="18883907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883907" title="Mix in Spain">
Mix in Spain

Mix In Spain is a remix album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno, released on CBS-Epic in 1989. 
Following the duo's breakthrough in 1989 with the house music remix of the track "Debajo Del Olivo", subtitled "Mix in Spain", they released a full-length album with the same title, including the mainpart of the "Carne De Melocotón" album in dancefloor friendly re-interpretations with influences from contemporary music genres like acid house, hip hop and rap, featuring samples from tracks like M.A.R.R.S.' "Pump Up the Volume", Eric B. & Rakim's "Paid in Full" and beats from James Brown's "Funky Drummer". The album spawned three further remix singles; the re-released "Aunque Me Falte El Aire" (Lerele Mix), "Chica Vaivén" (Express Mix) and "Alerta Corazón" (Casablanca Mix). 
"Mix in Spain" was released on vinyl and cassette but remains unreleased on CD and is out of print in all formats since the early 1990s.
Track listing.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="18883914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883914" title="Robin Veith">
Robin Veith

Robin Veith is an American television writer. She served as a writer's assistant on the first season of "Mad Men" and co-wrote the final episode of the season "The Wheel" with the series creator Matthew Weiner. Weiner and Veith were nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for their work on the episode. Alongside her colleagues on the writing staff she won a Writers Guild of America Award for Best New Series and was nominated for the award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2008 ceremony for her work on the season. She returned for the second series as a staff writer. She was nominated for the WGA award for Best Dramatic Series a second time at the February 2009 ceremony for her work on the second season. She won the WGA Award for Best Drama Series (after being nominated for the third consecutive year) at the February 2010 ceremony for her work on the third season. Veith was also nominated for the WGA award for episodic drama at the February 2010 ceremony for her work on "Guy Walks into an Advertising Agency" (with co-writer Weiner).
In 2011 Veith joined the crew of FX boxing drama "Lights Out" as a co-producer and writer. She wrote the episodes "Crossroads" and "Rainmaker". The show was canceled during its first season. She's currently a producer and writer for the long-running NBC legal drama, "". 

</doc>
<doc id="18883923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883923" title="Aqsa Mosque">
Aqsa Mosque

Aqsa Mosque may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18883928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883928" title="John Krum">
John Krum

John M. Krum (1810–1883) was the eleventh mayor of St. Louis, Missouri and the first mayor of Alton, Illinois.
In 1860 he was the chairman of the Credentials Committee at the Democratic National Convention held in Charleston, S.C. and Baltimore, Md..

</doc>
<doc id="18883933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883933" title="Tom Palmer (writer)">
Tom Palmer (writer)

Tom Palmer is an American television writer and producer. He served as a co-executive producer on the first season of "Mad Men" and wrote two episodes of the season. Alongside his colleagues on the writing staff he won a WGA award for best new series and was nominated for the award for best dramatic series for his work on the season.

</doc>
<doc id="18883943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883943" title="From Acid to Zen">
From Acid to Zen

From Acid to Zen is the Norwegian rock band BigBang's ninth album, and the first released exclusively for the American market. It consist mainly of previously released material, except for two new songs. It was released on September 9, 2008.
Reception.
David Fricke of "Rolling Stone" selected the album as his "Fricke's Pick", writing, "From Acid to Zen is a big step in a bigger gamble", and, "It’s a shotgun buffet, like those early U.S. LPs by the Beatles and the Rolling Stones that combined album tracks and singles from unrelated sessions, and it succeeds the same way: like an instant greatest-hits record".

</doc>
<doc id="18883949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883949" title="Mevlana Mosque">
Mevlana Mosque

Mevlana Mosque may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18883972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883972" title="USS League Island (AG-149)">
USS League Island (AG-149)

USS "League Island" (AG-149/AKS-30) – also known as USS "LST-1097" -- was an launched by the U.S. Navy during the final months of World War II. "League Island" served as a supply and stores-issue ship for the U.S. 7th Fleet, and was decommissioned after the war.
Constructed in Jeffersonville, Indiana.
"LST-1097" was laid down by Jeffersonville Bridge & Machinery Co., Jeffersonville, Indiana, 22 November 1944; launched 16 January 1945: sponsored by Mrs. Susan A. Rash; and commissioned 9 February 1945; Lt. Earl J. Lane in command.
World War II-related service.
"LST-1097" reported for duty to the Commander in Chief, Pacific Fleet, 27 March 1945. After a number of short voyages in the western Pacific Ocean she participated in the Okinawa campaign from 21 May to 30 June. The ship entered Pearl Harbor Navy Yard in December for conversion to an Ordnance Spare Parts Barge, and remained there until March 1946. She steamed to Portland, Oregon, 21 November and decommissioned 19 December 1946.
Korean War service.
On 27 January 1949 she was reclassified "AG-149", and named "League Island" 1 February. Due to the Korean War buildup, she recommissioned 3 January 1951, Lt. R. E. Duppenthaler in command. 
She was converted to a cargo stores ship 17 January to 2 March by Bethlehem Pacific Coast Steel Corp., Oakland, California, and upon completion, moved to San Diego, California, 24 March.
The ship departed for Japan 1 June to join ServRon 3 with whom she served from Sasebo and Yokosuka from June 1951 to August 1954. She was reclassified "AKS-30" on 18 August 1951. During this period she carried out her mission of supplying spare parts to the fleet in the Far East in support of America's Korean commitment.
Post-war service.
With the cessation of hostilities in Korea, the ship sailed to the Philippines to assist the U.S. 7th Fleet in the South China Sea area. She served from Subic Bay, not returning to Japan until May 1955.
Early in 1956 she was back in the Philippines to continue logistic support for the 7th Fleet. She returned to Sasebo March 1956, and sailed for San Francisco, California, 30 April.
Decommissioning.
She decommissioned at Astoria, Oregon, 14 December 1956. Stricken from the Navy List 1 April 1960, she was sold 17 March 1961 to Hatch & Kirk Co., Seattle, Washington, and towed away for scrapping on 24 April 1961.
Honors and awards.
"LST-1097" received one battle star for World War Il service:

</doc>
<doc id="18883973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883973" title="Long Close School">
Long Close School

Long Close School is a profit-making coeducational Independent school located in Upton, Slough in Berkshire, England. The school is owned and operated by the Cognita Group, and is the largest independent school in Slough. The school was founded in 1940. It offers a co-educational Nursery, Preparatory, and Senior day school for children two and over. In 2004 the school was bought by Cognita, the largest independent schools business in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="18883975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883975" title="Weather Center Live">
Weather Center Live

Weather Center Live (previously named Weather Center from its March 2009 relaunch until May 2011) is a weather news program produced by The Weather Channel in Atlanta, Georgia.
Program history.
"Weather Center" debuted in 1998 and was originally a program devoted to hard weather. "Weather Center" aired almost 24 hours a day during its first few years. In 2000, with the additions of "First Outlook" and "Your Weather Today", the program became a daytime and evening show only. "Weather Center" has been shortened since as more shows debuted, and by the end of 2008, it aired only an hour a day during the week.
In February 2009, The Weather Channel's media kit began showing a different logo for the program; the most notable change to come from this, however, was showing the program's name as "Weather Center with " Changes to electronic program guide systems revealed that "Weather Center" would absorb the repeating overnight hour on weeknights, and that Weather Center was becoming an evening program (which correlates to the merger of "Evening Edition" and "Abrams & Bettes"). The expansion of "Weather Center" reversed a trend of partitioning that took place between 1998 and 2003. The changes themselves are some of the most far-reaching since the 2003 addition of "Day Planner", "Afternoon Outlook", and "Weekend Outlook", itself a casualty by being replaced by "Weekend View".
From May 5 to June 12, 2009, Mike Bettes left the studio to report on the VORTEX 2 project, a project in which researchers spent five weeks in tornado alley hunting down tornadoes in an attempt to discover more information about the formation of tornadoes. Throughout the entire duration of the project, Bettes reported live in the field throughout every edition of Abrams & Bettes Weather Center except for a couple of days where the entire project took the day off due to lack of tornadic activity. Several editions of the show featured Bettes and the Vortex 2 crew actively chasing potential tornado-producing supercells, and on June 5, 2009, the crew caught its first and only tornado of the year live on "PM Edition", the coverage of which spilled over into the beginning of "Weather Center"; both programs covered the entire tornado event commercial-free. While Bettes was gone in the field, Adam Berg filled his role in the studio.
On June 22, 2009, Stephanie Abrams and Mike Bettes moved to "Your Weather Today". The final edition of "Weather Center with Abrams & Bettes" was a week and a half before on June 12, 2009; allowing Abrams and Bettes to take a week off from studio work prior to moving to mornings. This allowed Alexandra Steele and Jim Cantore to permanently take over their 7pm ET timeslot on June 15, 2009; despite the fact that TV listing services such as Zap2it listed Cantore and Steele as taking over the show on June 22, 2009; the same day as Abrams and Bettes began hosting "Your Weather Today". Kevin Robinson, a former host of "Your Weather Today", began his role as a third host on the show on June 22, 2009. On the same day, Nicole Mitchell became Paul Goodloe's permanent co-host on the 10pm ET edition of "Weather Center". The 7pm-10pm ET edition of "Weather Center" had a different name, as it was called "Weather Center with Cantore and Steele" with co-hosts Jim Cantore and Alexandra Steele, similar to the morning show on The Weather Channel called "Your Weather Today with Abrams & Bettes" with co-hosts Stephanie Abrams and Mike Bettes.
In December 2009, Kevin Robinson left "Weather Center with Cantore and Steele", to become a meteorologist at Cincinnati NBC affiliate WLWT-TV; Chris Warren became his replacement.
In late September 2010, Crystal Egger joined "Weather Center" as a full-time co-host. Jim Cantore remained on the show reporting on breaking weather news from the newsroom. In September 2010, Weather Center co-host Alexandra Steele left the network, and later became an on-camera meteorologist for CNN in early 2011.
In November 2010, Nicole Mitchell left the program, and was replaced by Kelly Cass.
A major shift in TWC's evening programming began on January 31, 2011. "Weather Center" aired three one-hour blocks each night (7pm-8pm, 10pm-11pm, and 1am-2am). Also, beginning February 5, 2011, Weather Center began airing on the weekends as well. The weekday blocks were hosted by Chris Warren and Crystal Egger. The weekend blocks were hosted by Paul Goodloe and Kelly Cass.
In May 2011, "Weather Center" changed its on-air name and off-air branding to "Weather Center Live". On November 16 of that year, "Weather Center Live" debuted the Winter Weather Update taking over the Tropical Update, which is usually on at :50 past each June to November. The segment lasted until March 24, and is now taken over by the Severe Weather Update. That segment lasts until the Atlantic hurricane season starts on June 1.
On March 26, 2012, "Weather Center Live" began airing at 4pm ET. On March 31, the weekend edition of the show began airing at 4pm as well, thus effectively cancelling "PM Edition Weekend".
On November 12, 2012, "Weather Center Live" began airing from 5pm-7pm ET.
"Weather Center Live" is currently anchored by Kelly Cass and Paul Goodloe weeknights from 5pm-7pm ET. Chris Warren and Crystal Egger presented segments during the 6pm to 7pm ET timeslot and anchored the show weeknights from 7pm to 8pm and 10pm to 11pm ET. Danielle Banks anchored "Weather Center Live" weeknights from 1am to 2am ET. On the weekends, Alex Wallace and Alexandra Wilson anchored Weather Center Live from 4pm-pm ET, while Kim Cunningham and Danielle Banks anchored the show from 7pm-8pm, 10pm-11pm, and 1am-2am ET.
In July 2013, Todd Santos left TWC, and was replaced by Keith Carson.
In September 6, 2013, Crystal Egger left TWC. She returned on September 12 to anchor a 1am to 3am ET extended show, but then left the network for good. Alexandra Wilson left the weekend 4pm-5pm edition of "Weather Center Live" to replace Egger and co-host the weeknight edition of the show with Chris Warren and Jim Cantore from 7pm-8pm ET.
On November 12, 2013, "Weather Center Live" was relaunched with new graphics and expanded to mornings and afternoons, replacing "First Forecast", "On the Radar" and "Day Planner" on weekdays and "Sunrise Weather", "Weekend View" and "Weekend Now" on weekends. It currently airs on weekdays from 4am-5:30am, 11am-2pm, and 5pm-8pm ET and on weekends from 4:30am-2pm ET. The nightly 10pm-11pm and 1am-2am ET, as well as the weekend 4pm-5pm and 7pm-8pm ET editions of "Weather Center Live" have all been replaced by long-form programming.
Weekday's WCL is hosted 4:00-5:30am Monday-Wed w/ Julie Martin & Alexandra Wilson. Hosted Thursday & Friday by Jen Carfagno & Alex Wallace. Then It hits the air again at 11am w/ Vivian Brown & Nick Walker Monday-Wed. Thursday & Friday hosted by Keith Carson & Jennifer Lopez. Then WCL it back on 5-7pm w/ Kelly Cass & Paul Goodloe. Final Weekday hour is on 7-8pm w/ Chris Warren. Jim Cantore on somedays, diff meteorologist help out thru out the hour. Then Weekends its on 4:30-7am on Saturday's w/ Ray Stagich on Sundays w/ Mark Thibideau. WCL continues 7-11am w/ Jen Carfagno & Alex Wallace. Then again 11a-2pm w/ Keith Carson & Kyla Grogan.
When Chris Warren is off either Kelly Cass or Paul Goodloe will fill-in from the 5-7pm or from the 7-8pm time-slots.
It was a big day for Weather Center Live team, January 21, 2014. Kait Parker made her debut with Jim Cantore live in Washington DC for Winter Storm Janus! Even something bigger Sam Champion made his debut at 4PM w/ Maria LaRosa until 8PM! Welcome Sam & Kait to TWC!
Weather Center Live made major schedule on the monday of the final week of February. They kicked off a new 11A-1P show it is anchored by various host. Nick,Vivian,Jennifer & Keith got moved from 11-2 to 1-4. Kelly Cass & Paul Goodloe adjusted an hour early 4P ending regular time 7P. Chris Warren continues to anchor various host but mainly Kait Parker & Jim Cantore for now they air the regular time 7-8P. 
Weekday Morning's continue with Julie & Alexandra on Monday & Tuesday, Jen Carfagno & Alex Wallace Wed-Fri. No confirmation on the schedule for weekend whack might cancel the 4:30-6A on air time. Ray Stagich filled in for the 1st time in the afternoon so we are wondering if he is departing the show. We won't know official anchors for anything until March 17th when they official debut New Studio, New shows and schedule will officially be in place on Monday March 17th St. Patricks Day!
Schedule and hosts of "Weather Center Live" (starting March 17th).
Weekdays
Weekends

</doc>
<doc id="18883979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18883979" title="Lack-of-fit sum of squares">
Lack-of-fit sum of squares

In statistics, a sum of squares due to lack of fit, or more tersely a lack-of-fit sum of squares, is one of the components of a partition of the sum of squares in an analysis of variance, used in the numerator in an F-test of the null hypothesis that says that a proposed model fits well.
Sketch of the idea.
In order for the lack-of-fit sum of squares to differ from the sum of squares of residuals, there must be more than one value of the response variable for at least one of the values of the set of predictor variables. For example, consider fitting a line
by the method of least squares. One takes as estimates of "α" and "β" the values that minimize the sum of squares of residuals, i.e., the sum of squares of the differences between the observed "y"-value and the fitted "y"-value. To have a lack-of-fit sum of squares that differs from the residual sum of squares, one must observe more than one "y"-value for each of one or more of the "x"-values. One then partitions the "sum of squares due to error", i.e., the sum of squares of residuals, into two components:
The sum of squares due to "pure" error is the sum of squares of the differences between each observed "y"-value and the average of all "y"-values corresponding to the same "x"-value.
The sum of squares due to lack of fit is the "weighted" sum of squares of differences between each average of "y"-values corresponding to the same "x"-value and the corresponding fitted "y"-value, the weight in each case being simply the number of observed "y"-values for that "x"-value. Because it is a property of least squares regression that the vector whose components are "pure errors" and the vector of lack-of-fit components are orthogonal to each other, the following equality holds:
Hence the residual sum of squares has been completely decomposed into two components.
Mathematical details.
Consider fitting a line with one predictor variable. Define "i" as an index of each of the "n" distinct "x" values, "j" as an index of the response variable observations for a given "x" value, and "n""i" as the number of "y" values associated with the "i" th "x" value. The value of each response variable observation can be represented by
Let
be the least squares estimates of the unobservable parameters "α" and "β" based on the observed values of "x" "i" and "Y" "i j".
Let
be the fitted values of the response variable. Then
are the residuals, which are observable estimates of the unobservable values of the error term "ε" "ij". Because of the nature of the method of least squares, the whole vector of residuals, with 
scalar components, necessarily satisfies the two constraints
It is thus constrained to lie in an ("N" − 2)-dimensional subspace of R "N", i.e. there are "N" − 2 "degrees of freedom for error".
Now let
be the average of all "Y"-values associated with the "i" th "x"-value.
We partition the sum of squares due to error into two components:
Probability distributions.
Sums of squares.
Suppose the error terms "ε" "i j" are independent and normally distributed with expected value 0 and variance "σ"2. We treat "x" "i" as constant rather than random. Then the response variables "Y" "i j" are random only because the errors "ε" "i j" are random.
It can be shown to follow that if the straight-line model is correct, then the sum of squares due to error divided by the error variance,
has a chi-squared distribution with "N" − 2 degrees of freedom.
Moreover, given the total number of observations "N", the number of levels of the independent variable "n," and the number of parameters in the model "p":
The test statistic.
It then follows that the statistic
has an F-distribution with the corresponding number of degrees of freedom in the numerator and the denominator, provided that the model is correct. If the model is wrong, then the probability distribution of the denominator is still as stated above, and the numerator and denominator are still independent. But the numerator then has a noncentral chi-squared distribution, and consequently the quotient as a whole has a non-central F-distribution.
One uses this F-statistic to test the null hypothesis that there is no lack of linear fit. Since the non-central F-distribution is stochastically larger than the (central) F-distribution, one rejects the null hypothesis if the F-statistic is larger than the critical F value. The critical value corresponds to the cumulative distribution function of the F distribution with "x" equal to the desired confidence level, and degrees of freedom "d"1 = ("n" − "p") and "d"2 = ("N" − "n"). This critical value can be calculated using online tools or found in tables of statistical values.
The assumptions of normal distribution of errors and independence can be shown to entail that this lack-of-fit test is the likelihood-ratio test of this null hypothesis.

</doc>
<doc id="18884008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884008" title="Elana Hill">
Elana Hill

Elana Hill (born 28 May 1988 in Harare, Zimbabwe) is a Zimbabwean rower. She represented Zimbabwe at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.
She went to school at Bishopslea primary school and Arundel schools in Harare. She excelled in rowing at Arundel School. She is currently studying at the University of Pretoria.
Her best performance to-date was in the sea category at the World Junior Championships in 2006, where she finished 5th.

</doc>
<doc id="18884018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884018" title="Bram van Ojik">
Bram van Ojik

Abraham (Bram) van Ojik (born September 22, 1954 in Veenendaal) is a Dutch GreenLeft and former Radical politician. Since September 20, 2012 he has been an MP. Since October 8, 2012 he has also been leader in the House of Representatives for GreenLeft. 
Political career.
Political Party of Radicals.
Van Ojik comes from the Political Party of Radicals, one of the four parties that merged to form GreenLeft in 1989. Van Ojik had been member of the PPR since 1973. Between 1972 and 1980 Van Ojik studied economics at the Free University. He specialized in development economics. Between 1978 and 1981, he served on the board for radical education. As a conscientious objector, Van Ojik did his alternative service at the development organization NIO. After that he worked for the scientific bureau of the PPR until 1983. Here he wrote a book on basic income. In 1986 he co-authored the PPR's election program. Between 1985 and 1988, he was editor-in-chief of the PPR party paper. Between 1988 and 1990 he was party chair of the PPR. As chair of the PPR, he was involved in the negotiations over the formation of GreenLeft, a new political party formed by the merger of the Pacifist Socialist Party, Communist Party of Netherlands, and Evangelical People's Party. Van Ojik had always favoured cooperation between the four parties, but the PPR party board soon wanted to abandon negotiations. Van Ojik had to defend this, although he did not support it. The formal PPR delegation was replaced by an informal delegation by former party chair Wim de Boer. In 1989 the talks led to the formation of a new party. Van Ojik became a member of the first party board. In addition to these activities, Van Ojik freelance journalist and advisor on the subject of development cooperation. Between 1990 and 1993 Van Ojik worked for Oxfam NOVIB. 
GroenLinks.
Between 1993 and 1994, Van Ojik was member of the House of Representatives for GreenLeft. He replaced PPR member Ria Beckers. He spoke on agriculture, development cooperation and science. He prepared an initiative to limit the use of wood from the tropics. It was finally proposed in 1994 by Marijke Vos. At the 1994 election Van Ojik was put on the seventh place of the GreenLeft list, the same place he had in 1989. GreenLeft only won five seats. He also co-authored the GreenLeft election program. 
In 1997 Van Ojik again co-authored GreenLeft's election program for the 1998 election.
For GreenLeft, Van Ojik chaired a committee which evaluated the municipal elections (2006), parliamentary (2006) and provincial (2007), all of which GreenLeft had lost. Then he became chair of the committee which oversaw a debate within GreenLeft on the party's principles, strategy and organizations. This led to a new manifesto of principles in 2008 of which Van Ojik is one of the co-authors. 
After national elections on September 12, 2012 the size of the representation of the GreenLeft party within the House of Representatives was reduced from 10 seats to 4 seats. On October 8, 2012 Van Ojik became leader in the House of Representatives for GreenLeft; some days earlier his predecessor Jolande Sap was forced to step down as leader in the House of Representatives for GreenLeft by the board of the GreenLeft party.
Further career.
After not being re-elected for the Dutch House of Representatives, Van Ojik worked for the environmental organization MilieuDefensie between 1994 and 1997. In 1995 he co-authored a book on corals together with Labour Party politician Max van den Berg. In 1997 Van Ojik switched to the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs, where he became director of public communication on development cooperation. In 1998 he again co-authored a book with Van der Berg, now on development cooperation. In 2001 Van Ojik became ambassador in general service. He organized external contacts for the Dutch Minister for Development Cooperation. In 2003 Van Ojik became the Dutch ambassador to Benin. In 2006 he returned to the Netherlands to become director of the inspection for evaluation of development cooperation policy of the Minister of Foreign Affairs. He also helped the government prepare policy to meet the millennium goals for the fourth Balkenende cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="18884028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884028" title="HD 156331">
HD 156331

HD 156331 is double star.

</doc>
<doc id="18884038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884038" title="2005–06 Coventry City F.C. season">
2005–06 Coventry City F.C. season

Results.
"Coventry City's score comes first"
Season Statistics.
Starts & Goals.
Notes: 
Transfers.
Loans Out.
player profile for danile sturidge www.ccfc.co.uk/

</doc>
<doc id="18884045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884045" title="PICO National Network">
PICO National Network

PICO National Network provides training and consultation and develops national strategy for its affiliated congregation-based community organizations. As of 2007 PICO had 53 local and regional affiliates, representing 150 cities in 17 states, with 1000 member institutions claiming to represent a million people. It is also involved with organizing and training efforts in six countries of Central America and Rwanda in Africa.
History.
PICO National Network was founded in 1972 by John Baumann, a Jesuit priest, as the Pacific Institute for Community Organization (PICO), headquartered in Oakland, California. In the late 1960s Baumann had worked with community organizing projects in Chicago, where he became familiar with Saul Alinsky’s ideas. During the 1970s PICO worked with five neighborhood-based organizations, recruiting individuals and families. As neighborhoods experienced the economic and social upheavals of that decade, the neighborhood-based model of organizing became less viable as communities fractured. Following a staff retreat in 1984, PICO shifted to a congregation-based model based in part on the experience of COPS, a federation in San Antonio, Texas developed by Alinsky’s Industrial Areas Foundation. As it expanded beyond the West Coast, in 2004 PICO characterized its acronym as standing for People Improving Communities through Organizing. In 2005 it renamed itself PICO National Network, emphasizing the autonomy of its affiliated organizations, and its role developing national strategy, training, and consultation. 
The shift to faith-based organizing has emphasized the importance of religious culture to PICO. Its base in northern California meant that PICO could draw on the traditions of a variety of denominations. As Richard Wood writes, this includes “the social Christianity of the historic black churches, the Social Gospel and Christian realist perspectives in moderate and liberal Protestantism, the strongly evangelical but socially responsible orientation of the Church of God in Christ, and the intellectual resources, working-class commitments, and Hispanic cultural ties of Roman Catholicism.” PICO’s vision of faith-based or broad-based organizing sees power flowing from relationships grounded in values, not specific issues.
Governance.
PICO National Network has a 17-member board of directors that sets policy and oversees administration. Affiliated organizations are incorporated separately, raise their own funds, and employ their own organizers. Affiliates raise over $20 million annually to support their community organizing activities. PICO National Network employs 14 national staff, 15 national consulting staff, 6 staff of PICO California, and 3 staff of PICO Louisiana. After 36 years as executive director, John Baumann retired at the end of December 2008. Scott Reed, on the PICO staff since 1977 and recently the director of organizing, was named the new executive director as of January 2009.
Current program.
PICO objectives are to “increase access to health care, improve public schools, make neighborhoods safer, build affordable housing, redevelop communities, and revitalize democracy.” Since 1996 PICO's California Project has been developing a strategy of consolidating power in metropolitan areas, exploring a state-wide effort to influence public policy on children’s health in the state. Building on the successes of the California Project, PICO's New Voices Campaign, launched in 2004, seeks to help low-income communities have an impact at the national level on such issues as immigration reform, health care, education, and rebuilding the Gulf Coast in the wake of Hurricane Katrina. In October 2008 PICO announced plans for a mid-November meeting in Washington, DC, in which its affiliates would lobby Congress, the United States Treasury Department, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to help people keep their homes when facing foreclosure.
The organization publishes a quarterly newsletter, "PICO Update".
Training.
PICO conducts six-day national leadership development seminars four times a year, teaching the theory and practice of congregation-based organizing. Each year an additional seminar is presented in Spanish. Local affiliates also provide members and leaders with training on building and sustaining strong organizations, identifying potential leaders through one-on-one relational meetings, researching community issues, developing budgets, and working with public officials.

</doc>
<doc id="18884052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884052" title="Goddamned (album)">
Goddamned (album)

Goddamned is the debut studio album by American singer–songwriter Jay Brannan, released in the United States on July 1, 2008. The album features eleven original songs; a bonus track is included by purchase via iTunes. 
Critical reception.
Jer Fairall of PopMatters gave the album a mixed review, stating "with likeability to spare, Brannan's music nevertheless needs to grow up a bit". Dave Hughes of Slant Magazine gave a negative review, stating "Brannan is a talented and tenacious guy, it's also impossible to recommend Goddamned".

</doc>
<doc id="18884056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884056" title="Ayasofya Mosque">
Ayasofya Mosque

Ayasofya Mosque may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18884071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884071" title="Marion Isbert">
Marion Isbert

Marion Isbert (born February 25, 1964 as Marion Feiden) is a former German international football player. The goalkeeper was capped 58 times for Germany. She won two German championships with TSV Siegen.
Club career.
Isbert's career started at TuS Ahrbach. In 1989, she reached the final of the German championship, but Ahrbach failed to qualify for the Bundesliga at its inception one year later. She then switched to TSV Siegen, winning the championship in 1991 and 1992. Siegen also came close to winning the cup in both seasons, losing out in finals to Grün-Weiß Brauweiler and FSV Frankfurt. After the season she lost her place in the starting eleven to Silke Rottenberg.
International career.
She was capped 58 times for Germany's national team. Her debut was on November 10, 1982 against Switzerland. In the semifinal of the 1989 EURO against Italy, she held three times in the penalites, before scoring the deciding goal herself. The team went on to win the championship and defended the title two years later. In 1991, she was also part of the team at the World Cup. The third place game against Sweden was her last cap.

</doc>
<doc id="18884075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884075" title="Baseball's Golden Age">
Baseball's Golden Age

"Baseball's Golden Age" is a television program that chronicles the history of baseball focusing mainly on the 1920s through the 1960s. It is broadcast on Fox Sports Net Sunday nights at 8 p.m. and is produced by Flagstaff Films. Thirteen 30-minute episodes have been produced. The show has featured material on the effect of World War II on baseball, teams winning the pennant after years of losing, and pieces on individual players, both well known and not so well known. The show also contains never-before-seen footage provided fans, players, and players' families. The first episode featured a segment on "the sights and sounds of the game" which included peanuts and popcorn and the cracking sound of the bat. It also focused on the rivalry between the three New York teams of the time, the New York Yankees, Brooklyn Dodgers, and New York Giants, and a comparison of Joe DiMaggio and Ted Williams.
The series is narrated by Alec Baldwin. It is produced by Flagstaff Films, headed by Steven Stern, who is a founding partner in Black Canyon Productions, won multiple Peabody and Emmy Awards for such television achievements as the graceful baseball trilogy "When It Was a Game" and the eye-opening look at the dramatic gloved-fist demonstration at the 1968 Olympics, "Fists of Freedom." The footage for the series comes from Flagstaff Films library, arguably the most impressive private collection of baseball film in the U.S
The series is available from Baseball Direct in a special 3-DVD Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="18884083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884083" title="Bill Lancton">
Bill Lancton

Bill Lancton is a jazz guitarist and educator.
Education.
Bill is originally from Yonkers, New York, and graduated from Yonkers High School. After attending
Indiana State University and IUPUI, Bill began his successful career in music by touring from 1973 until the early 1980s with various national acts, among them the popular funk band Fresh.
Career.
In the 1980s he settled in Indianapolis, Indiana, teaching, performing, and composing. Between 1994 and 2008, in addition to releasing three solo jazz CDs, he recorded 4 CDs with the award winning reggae band Dog Talk.
One of Bill's musical passions is paying honor to his favorite's, through a series of tribute concerts. Jay Harvey, from The Indianapolis Star, in reviewing A Tribute To Blue Note, one of Bill's shows, writes: "Lancton evoked the best of Grant Green, Kenny Burrell...Lancton's melody driven solo on Green's Miss Ann's Tempo demonstrated that a distinctive style can be affectionately inhabited without narrow mimicry...on Blue Train, Lancton in particular was able to find a smooth balance of virtuosity and soulfulness in his solo". (The Indianapolis Star, November 23, 2002)
Awards and Recognition.
Bill was awarded a Creative Renewal Fellowship and grant in 2005 from the Arts Council of Indianapolis, and was elected to the Indianapolis Jazz Hall of Fame the same year. He has performed with many great jazz artists, including Mindi Abair, Fareed Haque, Henry Johnson, Melvin Rhyne, Steve Allee, and leads the Bill Lancton Coalition 

</doc>
<doc id="18884086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884086" title="William L. Jungers">
William L. Jungers

William L. Jungers, (November 17, 1948) is an American anthropologist, Distinguished Teaching Professor and the Chair of the Department of Anatomical Sciences at State University of New York at Stony Brook on Long Island, New York. He is best known for his work on the biomechanics of bipedal locomotion in hominids such as the 3.4 million-year-old Lucy ("Australopithecus afarensis"), and the 6.1-5.8 million-year old Millennium Man "Orrorin tugenensis". He devoted much of his career to the study of the lemurs of Madagascar, especially giant extinct subfossil forms such as Megaladapis. More recently, Jungers has been a subject of media attention due to his analysis of the remains of Homo floresiensis, which he believes to be legitimate members of a newly discovered species based on remains of the shoulder, the wrist, and the feet.
Early life.
Jungers was born in Palacios, Texas and spent part of his childhood in that area. He excelled academically from an early age and graduated as one of several valedictorians of his high school class. Standing 6'4" tall, he was also an accomplished basketball player throughout his high school career. Following graduation, he attended Oberlin College for his undergraduate education where he was involved in the liberal political and social culture of the late 1960s. He later received his PhD in anthropology from the University of Michigan in 1976 at the age of 26 under the advisorship of Frank Livingstome, Milford Wolpoff and C. Loring Brace. He was hired shortly thereafter at the University of Illinois but moved in 1978 to the State University of New York at Stony Brook Department of Anatomical Sciences, where he has remained throughout the course of his career.
Scholarly life.
Jungers is an expert in biomechanics, and his edited an important reference work on primate allometry in particular. His work concerning the extinct subfossil lemurs focuses on their initial isolation in the virtually predator-free environment of Madagascar, their subsequent adaptive radiation, and the unusual morphological and behavioral diversity that resulted as a consequence. He was worked on hominid bipedalism being due to the unique muscular and skeletal constraints required for locomotion in humans andtheir ancestors, and the apparently ancient anatomy of the recent "hobbit" fossils, possibly influenced by insular dwarfism. By the end of 2009 Jungers had written more than 150 peer-reviewed articles about the relationship between form and function in many primate species, both extinct and extant.

</doc>
<doc id="18884107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884107" title="Ray Shore">
Ray Shore

Raymond Everett Shore (June 9, 1921 – August 13, 1996), nicknamed "Snacks," was an American pitcher, coach and scout in Major League Baseball. A native of Cincinnati, Ohio, Shore threw and batted right-handed, stood (191 cm) tall and weighed 230 pounds (104 kg).
Shore broke into professional baseball as a catcher before World War II, but by the time he mustered out of military service (in the United States Army Air Forces) in 1946, he had converted to pitching. While his Major League pitching career was ordinary — he appeared in 31 games over parts of three seasons (; –) with the St. Louis Browns, winning one of four decisions and compiling an earned run average of 8.23 in 62⅓ innings pitched — Shore would become a stellar relief pitcher with the Toronto Maple Leafs of the Triple-A International League during the 1950s. However, by the end of the 1957 season, Shore's active career was over. He was out of the game for three seasons.
In , Bill DeWitt, who was the owner and general manager of the Browns when Shore pitched there, assumed the same positions with Shore's hometown Cincinnati Reds. DeWitt hired Shore as the Reds' batting practice pitcher in –, then promoted him to a full-time coaching position, which Shore held from through . 
In , Shore became the Reds' "superscout," serving as both the advance scout analyzing upcoming opponents and as a special assignment scout who evaluated playing talent at the Major League level for potential acquisition in trades. He became one of the most respected scouts of this kind in baseball, advising then-Cincinnati general manager Bob Howsam on a series of trades — including the deal that netted eventual Baseball Hall of Fame second baseman Joe Morgan from the Houston Astros — that helped Cincinnati win four National League pennants and World Series titles in 1975 and 1976. Shore switched allegiances to the Philadelphia Phillies on November 8, 1983, and was still scouting for them when he died, at age 75, during a scouting trip to St. Louis in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18884111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884111" title="Thomas Holbein Hendley">
Thomas Holbein Hendley

Colonel Thomas Holbein Hendley CIE (21 April 1847 – 2 February 1917) was a British medical officer in the Indian Medical Service and an amateur authority on Indian art.
He studied at St. Bartholomew's Hospital in London, where he was the gold medallist. He entered the Indian Medical Service as an assistant surgeon in October 1869, after taking his diplomas, and rose steadily until reaching the rank of Colonel in 1894, which he held until his retirement. From 1873 to 1897 he was the Residency Surgeon of Jaipur, and from 1894 to 1897 the Administrative Medical Officer for Rajputana. In 1897 he was appointed Inspector-General of Hospitals in the North-West Provinces, moving to the same post in Bengal the following year and remaining there until 1903, when he retired.
Outside of his medical service, he took a great interest in Indian art, publishing four books on the topic and helping found the "Quarterly Journal of Indian Art". He also helped establish the Jaipur Museum, and was made a Fellow of the University of Calcutta, a trustee of the Indian Museum, and vice-president of the Bengal Asiatic Society, serving as a Museum trustee and as the Society's vice-president from 1899 to 1903.
In 1886, in conjunction with Samuel Swinton Jacob, Hendley designed the Grade II-listed Jaipur Gate which stands outside Hove Museum and Art Gallery in Hove, East Sussex. The exotic structure was carved from Indian teak in Shekhawati and transported to London for an exhibition. It was moved to Hove in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="18884112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884112" title="¡Fiesta Fiesta Fiesta Fiesta!">
¡Fiesta Fiesta Fiesta Fiesta!

¡Fiesta Fiesta Fiesta Fiesta! is the debut studio album by The Stiletto Formal released on October 21, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18884115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884115" title="Kahlil Ashanti">
Kahlil Ashanti

Kahlil Ashanti (Born November 3, 1973 in Landstuhl, Germany) is an American actor and writer.
Kahlil Ashanti began his career as a teenager, performing at a community theater and at open mic nights at comedy clubs throughout the Midwestern United States. He then enlisted in the United States Air Force, winning the 1993 Air Force Worldwide Talent Contest, after which he toured with the elite Air Force Entertainment troupe Tops In Blue in 1994 and 1995 as a comedian, dancer, and actor. After being honorably discharged in 1996, Kahlil performed his own magic and comedy dinner theater show at Caesar's Magical Empire, Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas from 1997-2000. Upon his arrival in Los Angeles in 2001, he began writing his one man show, 'Basic Training', which premiered at the 2nd Stage Theater in October 2004 and played Off-Broadway at the Barrow Street Theater in the fall of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18884117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884117" title="Index-linked Savings Certificates">
Index-linked Savings Certificates

Index-linked Savings Certificates are inflation linked bonds from National Savings and Investments the state-owned savings bank in the United Kingdom. The bond terms are typically 2,3 or 5 years. The returns are linked to the RPI (not CPI) with an escalating premium on top. The escalation encourages bonds to be held to term with higher return over inflation in the later years.
Bonds can be cashed in at any time. Bonds cashed in the first year sacrifice their increases to date and return only the initial deposit. Bonds cashed in beyond the first year yield the RPI indexing and premiums up to that month.
Index-linked Savings Certificates are free from UK income tax making them relatively attractive to tax-payers, particularly higher rate tax-payers. They are backed by the Treasury of the UK Government so are considered to be safe deposits.
The bonds come in issues. Each issue has a per person investment limit, currently 15000 pounds.
The certificates used to be known as "Granny Bonds" because they were originally only available to savers who were over the retirement age.
On 19 July 2010, due to high investment levels the certificates were withdrawn from general sale in order to keep investments within the financing target set by HM Treasury. After re-introduction this happened again on 7 September 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18884130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884130" title="Walter Sedlmayr">
Walter Sedlmayr

Walter Sedlmayr (6 January 1926 – 14 July 1990) was a German stage, television, and movie actor from Bavaria.
Career.
After his 1945 wartime "Abitur," Sedlmayr served as a "Flakhelfer" towards the end of World War II. His acting career began with minor roles with the "Münchner Kammerspiele," for which he played more than 25 years, and in numerous "Heimatfilme" during the 1940s and 1950s.
In 1971, by now an associate of Rainer Werner Fassbinder, Sedlmayr was briefly arrested because a stolen artwork, the "Blutenburger Madonna", was found in his house. He was later acquitted of all charges, and the media attention given to his trial helped him gain major roles. His breakthrough came with the leading role in Hans-Jürgen Syberberg's film "Theodor Hierneis oder Wie man ehem. Hofkoch wird" (1972). Afterwards, Sedlmayr was cast in numerous popular German TV shows, including "Münchner Geschichten", "Der Herr Kottnik", "Der Millionenbauer", and "Polizeiinspektion 1"; he also frequently appeared on stage and in other media.
Murder.
On 15 July 1990, Sedlmayr was found dead in the bedroom of his Munich apartment. He had been tied up, stabbed in the stomach with a knife and beaten about the head with a hammer. On 21 May 1993, two brothers, Wolfgang Werlé and Manfred Lauber, former business associates of Sedlmayr, were found guilty of his murder and sentenced to life in prison. One of them left prison in August 2007 and the other on January 15, 2008.
Sedlmayr's life and murder were the subject of the 2001 biopic "Wambo" by Jo Baier, where he was played by Jürgen Tarrach, and of an episode of the ARD TV series "Die großen Kriminalfälle".
Award.
In 1973, Sedlmayr won the Outstanding Individual Achievement: Actor Deutscher Filmpreis award for his role in "Theodor Hierneis oder Wie man ehemaliger Hofkoch wird".

</doc>
<doc id="18884138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884138" title="James Coburn (disambiguation)">
James Coburn (disambiguation)

James Coburn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18884141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884141" title="Meadow Lake Petroglyphs">
Meadow Lake Petroglyphs

The Meadow Lake Petroglyphs (also known as 4-Nev-3) are located in a restricted area by French Lake, California in the Tahoe National Forest. Attributed to the Martis people, they are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The prehistoric rock art is significant for the period of 1499 BC to 1000 AD.

</doc>
<doc id="18884152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884152" title="Paulo Roberto do Carmo">
Paulo Roberto do Carmo

Paulo Roberto do Carmo or simply Paulão, more known as di Carmo () in Iran, (born 12 March 1985) is a Brazilian football striker who currently plays for Uberlândia Esporte Clube.
Club career.
CENE and Rio Preto.
Paulão started his professional football career with lower league side Centro Esportivo Nova Esperança in 2006. In total, he scored 5 league goals and 11 amateur cup goals for them during his time at the club. In 2007 he was loaned out to São Paulo club Rio Preto Esporte Clube and played in the Campeonato Paulista Série A2 league, where he won promotion with the club; nevertheless he returned to CENE.
Brawl in Iran.
On September 2008 he was loaned out to reigning Iranian league title winners Persepolis.
His appearance in Persepolis was protested hardly by fans and media in Iran who questioned the pedigree of the signing. He was believed as an inapt & amateur player after being unable to convert numerous chances and was only able to score a single goal against Foulad in a 3-2 defeat. 
Cosa, Brazilian assistant coach of Persepolis who introduced him to the club claimed that he has scored 17 goals in 21 matches in Brazilian league, although this claim made controversies and not proven yet. 
on November 4 and November 11, his career information on Wikipedia and Brazilian Football Confederation Website was shown by Adel Ferdosipour at Navad.
after pressure of criticism by fans and media, Paolao claimed that he has played for CR Vasco da Gama. On November 9, he and Cosa would both be fired from the club.
Ituiutaba.
Paulão would go on to be loaned out to second tier Iranian club Kowsar F.C. and then regional Brazilian side Atlético Sorocaba before second tier Brazilian side Ituiutaba decided to permanently buy Paulão in 2011. In his debut season at Ituiutaba he would go on to make 9 appearances and score 2 goals before the club allowed Paulão to join Chinese Super League side Nanchang Hengyuan during the league season.

</doc>
<doc id="18884163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884163" title="Peugh v. Davis">
Peugh v. Davis

Peugh v. Davis, , was a suit in equity for redeeming unoccupied and unenclosed city lots from a mortgage, continued from a case brought to the high court during the October 1877 term, (Peugh v. Davis, 96 U. S. 332) the question then was whether certain instruments of writing, made by Peugh to Davis constituted an absolute conveyance of lots in the District of Columbia or were in the nature of a mortgage security for loan of money. The court was of opinion that, on all the facts of the case, the latter was the true construction of the transaction between the parties. Respondent defended against complainant's claim to redeem by setting up that the alleged mortgage was an absolute conveyance. This being decided adversely, held that, in accounting as mortgagee in constructive possession, he was not liable for a temporary speculative rise in the value of the tract, which subsequently declined—both during the time of such possession.
In the prior case, the court below was directed to permit the plaintiff Peugh to redeem the property by the payment of the loan, with interest at six percent per annum, and, as it appeared that the defendant had taken possession of the property, it was said in the opinion that he "should be charged with a reasonable sum for the use and occupation of the premises from the time he took possession in 1865, and allowed for the taxes paid and other necessary expenses incurred by him."
Upon the return of the case to the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia, it was referred to an auditor to ascertain the sum necessary to redeem on that basis. Two reports were made, neither of which were entirely acceptable to the parties or to the court, which finally, by a decree in general term, allowed nothing for use and occupation by defendant, but did make an allowance for a sum received from the United States for its use, after deducting from this latter sum the amount paid to an agent for its collection.
This is not allowance for use and occupation. It is damages for a tort. It cannot be recovered in this suit, if it could be recovered in any.
The short answer to all this is that Mr. Peugh owed the money he had borrowed from Davis. What he is now claiming in the original suit is the right to pay the money and have a reconveyance of the land. Nothing hindered during all this time that he should pay this money, and if, as he alleges, Davis denied his right to do so, then he should have made a regular and lawful tender of the amount due.
If he had done so, the interest would have ceased to run against him, and the amount that he is now required to pay would have been diminished by more than one-half
An attempt was made to show that he did make this tender. Some evidence is offered that he told Davis that he was ready to account with him and pay what was due, and that he had the money with him. 
But in order to make a tender that would have caused the interest to cease, he should have ascertained for himself the sum due, or have fixed upon a sum which was sufficient and then made a formal tender by counting out or offering that sum to Davis distinctly and directly as a tender.
The fact that he did not do this is the answer to all that he now claims in this Court. He has been permitted to redeem. His own assertion of that right has been allowed him; but if he ever had this money and was ready and willing to pay it, he did not do so. He did not produce or show it. He did not fix the amount he was ready to pay, but he took the money away with him, and used it himself, and there is no hardship in requiring him to pay six percent interest on it if he wishes to redeem the lots.
The decree of the Supreme Court of the district was affirmed.

</doc>
<doc id="18884175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884175" title="Texas centennial half dollar">
Texas centennial half dollar

The Texas Centennial half dollar commemorative coin was minted to honor the Centennial of Texas's independence from Mexico. Early in the administration of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, on June 15, 1933, Congress passed an act to authorize the coinage of silver half dollars ""in commemoration of the one hundredth anniversary in 1936 of the independence of Texas, and of the noble and heroic sacrifices of her pioneers, whose revered memory has been an inspiration to her sons and daughters during the past century."" This was the first of over two dozen commemorative bills that would become reality during Roosevelt's tenure. The legislation provided that "no more than one and a half million pieces" be created on behalf of the American Legion Texas Centennial Committee, located in Austin in that state.
The coin was designed by Pompeo Coppini, a Texan. The obverse depicts an Eagle sitting on a branch in front of the Lone Star, the symbol of Texas. At the top right of the star it reads IN GOD WE TRUST, and to the left of the star it reads E PLURIBUS UNUM. Over the star it reads UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, and at the bottom it reads HALF DOLLAR. The reverse depicts the goddess Victory spreading her wings over the Alamo. It also depicts Sam Houston on her left and Stephen F. Austin on her right. The Six Flags of Texas fly above her head. Under her it reads REMEMBER THE ALAMO. Over Sam Houston, Victory, and Stephen F. Austin it reads THE TEXAS INDEPENDENCE CENTENNIAL. This coin was minted from 1934 to 1938.
Mints.
The Texas Centennial Half Dollar was minted in Philadelphia, Denver, and San Francisco. The mint mark for the Denver (D) and San Francisco (S) issues appears on the reverse (back) under Victory above the word THE. The Philadelphia issues do not have a mint mark.
There was a total of about 304,000 coins minted, eventually 154,522 were melted by the U.S. Treasury. The numbers that are in parenthesis are the number of coins after the Treasury melted them.
See also.
Early United States commemorative coins

</doc>
<doc id="18884178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884178" title="Decatur Heights">
Decatur Heights

Decatur Heights is an historic community located in the northeast corner of the Atlanta, Georgia suburb of Decatur. It includes residences, churches and a nature preserve. During much of the 20th Century, this community primarily consisted modest homes. However, in the 1990s it became a neighborhood where “tear downs” were increasingly common. This has resulted in the demolition of the modest cottages the community was historically known for.
Decatur Heights is accessed off of East Ponce de Leon Avenue to the south, Church Street to the north and Winn Way to the east. The approximate boundaries of the community are Glennwood Estates to the west; Winn Way to the east; the Dekalb Medical Center to the north; Church Street to the northeast; and Ponce de Leon Avenue to the south. The Avondale MARTA station is located immediately south of the community.
The community includes several distinct neighborhoods, each constructed in different decades. (Decatur Heights is commonly referred to as the community's name, but it is also the name of the oldest neighborhood within the community.) The neighborhoods located with the City of Decatur include Decatur Heights, Sycamore Ridge and Sycamore Station. The Springdale Heights neighborhood is also part of the Decatur Heights community, but is located in unincorporated DeKalb County. However, the City of Decatur began investigating annexation of Springdale Heights in 2008. The heart of the community and primary north-south road is Sycamore Drive. The geographic heart of the historic neighborhood is generally considered to be Sycamore Drive and Fairview Street. A country story, which was originally constructed as a residence, was located at the southwest corner of this intersection. The store was also torn down and replaced with a single family home.
History.
The Decatur Heights subdivision is the oldest part of the community. It was developed by Homer C. Lord of the Georgia Land & Investment Company between 1910 and 1928. It primarily includes the streets on the east and west side of Sycamore Drive in the south and west-central (Ridgeland Ave.) part of the community. In addition to Sycamore Drive, the original streets included Ridgeland Avenue, Fairview Street, Pinehurst Street, Hillcrest, Poplar, Oakdale, Grove Street, Woodland and Covington Roads Sycamore Court townhomes are located within Decatur Heights.
The Springdale Heights subdivision, also located on the east and west sides of Sycamore Street, anchors the north end of the community. It was developed in two stages. The residences close to Sycamore Drive were developed in the late 1940s, and include sidewalks which link to Decatur Heights. The residences in the back portion of the east side of Sycamore Street were developed in 1953, but the sidewalks were omitted and the homes are larger 1950s vintage, ranch-style houses. There is a neighborhood tradition that Bridlewood Drive was part of a horse bridle path used by Agnes Scott College students. In addition to Bridlewood Circle, the streets include Poplar Lane Way, Pineview Drive, Woodhaven Drive and North Pineview Court DeKalb Medical Center - North borders this subdivision on the north and east sides. Church Street Manor, a cluster subdivision, borders Springdale Heights on the west side.
The Sycamore Station townhome development was constructed in phases in the 1980s and 1990s. It was built on a small farm located between Springdale Heights and Sycamore Ridge. The farmhouse is now the clubhouse for the development.
Sycamore Ridge is a totally new development in Decatur Heights, and this subdivision has the greatest concentration of affluent homes in the community. It was constructed in the late 1990s and early 2000, and consists of large homes on small, urban lots. At the time of the development, certain lots fell outside Decatur and were annexed into the city. The name “ridge”, however, is inaccurate. Sycamore Street is the “ridge” in the community, and the Sycamore Ridge development falls off to the east. In addition to the main street of Sycamore Ridge, streets include Winburn Court, Fitzgerald Court, Renfroe Court, Pinehurst Sttreet, the northern leg of Lockwood Terrace and the eastern leg of Fairview Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18884179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884179" title="Francisco P. Temple">
Francisco P. Temple

Francisco P. Temple (February 13, 1822 – April 27, 1880) served on the first Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors in 1852.
Biography.
Francisco Pliny Fisk (F.P.F) Temple was born in Reading, Massachusetts was the youngest of a family of ten children. He started for Alta California a Mexican territory, by the way of Cape Horn, arriving at Los Angeles in the summer of 1841. There his brother, Jonathan Temple, who had established himself as a pioneer merchant in 1827, was then the leading merchant of the Pueblo de Los Angeles. As his half-brother Jonathan's junior by 26 years, he was born after Jonathan went to sea and moved to California. When F.P.F. Temple arrived in Los Angeles, he had never met his brother. Between 1841 and 1849 he was a Clerk in Jonathan Temple's Store in Los Angeles. Pliny had been nicknamed "Templito," or "Little Temple" as by the natives because of his short height of five feet, four inches (163 cm). Phiny Fisk Temple had been baptized in the Catholic faith at the San Gabriel Mission shortly prior to accepting the Christian name of Francisco P.F. Temple.
In 1845, Temple married Antonia Margarita Workman (July 26, 1830–January 24, 1892) the daughter of William Workman and his Taos Native American wife Maria Nicolasa Urioste de Valencia. They had 12 children. In 1851, Workman gave Temple an undivided half share in Rancho La Merced located 12 miles (19 km) east of Los Angeles where he made his home. He planted a vineyard of 30,000 vines, 30 acres (120,000 m²) of fruit trees, and a garden. Temple became involved with real estate, and with breeding and selling cattle.
In 1850 he was elected to be the Los Angeles city treasurer, and in 1852 he served on the first Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors.
In 1868 Temple with his father-in-law William Workman and Isaias W. Hellman formed the banking house of Hellman, Temple & Co. Three years later Hellman dropped out of the business, but the partnership between Temple and Workman continued as the Temple & Workman Bank in a downtown Los Angeles area known as the Temple Block. In 1875, when nearly every bank in the state closed its doors for a time, Temple & Workman Bank went bankrupt due to mismanagement. Both men lost everything. Temple never recovered from the financial disaster, and Workman committed suicide a year later.
On April 27, 1880, Temple died and is buried in the Workman and Temple family El Campo Santo Cemetery. He was 58, and was survived by his wife, Antonia, and seven children: Thomas, William, John, Lucinda, Maggie, Walter P. Temple and Charles.
following from the Temple City Historical Society:In 1903, Walter Temple married Laurenza Gonsalez, a member of an early Spanish-California family, who, it has been said, was related to half the residents of San Gabriel. Some years later, Temple purchased 400 acres of land four miles east of San Gabriel which had been part of Lucky Baldwin's vast Rancho Santa Anita.
Envisioning a community where people of medium income could afford to live and own their homes, he divided the area into lots and laid out the park facing Las Tunas Drive. He named other streets after those close and dear to the family, such as Workman, Kauffman, Temple and Agnes. Bond issues initiated by Temple were responsible for street paving and electrification.
He also petitioned the Pacific Electric Railway Company to extend its Los Angeles to Alhambra line to a depot adjacent to Temple City Park. Residents and merchants attributed the steady growth of Temple City to the extensions of the railway to the community.
In 1936, the town officially was designated Temple City, but remained a City in name only until after the post-World War II population explosion and incorporation of the community on May 25, 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18884195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884195" title="Samuel Arbuckle">
Samuel Arbuckle

Samuel Arbuckle was an early California politician and pioneer to Los Angeles. He served on the first Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors in 1852.
The first County Supervisors in 1852 for Los Angeles were Jefferson Hunt, Julian A. Chavez, Francisco P. Temple, Manuel Requena, and Samuel Arbuckle.
Personal information.
Arbuckle was born on September 25, 1804 in Cheltenham Township, Pennsylvania where he spent his childhood and worked on his family's farm.
Career.
Sam moved to Los Angeles, California where he eventually became one of the leading merchants in the area. Arbuckle focused on buying and selling goods ranging from real estate property to produce. His success within the business community lead to his success in getting elected as county supervisor. did not go unnoticed in the political circles, leading to his election as county supervisor. Arbuckle was elected as county supervisor in 1852 and served for one one-year term. After his term as county supervisor, Arbuckle went back to working on his business.
Death.
Samuel Arbuckle died on June 27, 1874 at age 69.

</doc>
<doc id="18884197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884197" title="John Coburn (disambiguation)">
John Coburn (disambiguation)

John Coburn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18884199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884199" title="The Projected Passion Revue">
The Projected Passion Revue

The Projected Passion Revue is a compilation album by the group Dexys Midnight Runners, comprising recordings made in 1981, between the group's first album "Searching for the Young Soul Rebels" and its second, "Too-Rye-Ay". The album represents a stage in the group's development which built upon the blue-eyed soul sound of the original line-up, but came before the group's adoption of a significant folk influence (and the addition of The Emerald Express to the line-up). 
The album includes the A and B sides of Dexys Midnight Runners' three 1981 singles, three tracks recorded in session for Radio 1, and a live recording of a show in Dexys' "Projected Passion Revue" tour.

</doc>
<doc id="18884200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884200" title="Morten Skjønsberg">
Morten Skjønsberg

Morten Morisbak Skjønsberg (born 12 February 1983) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for IFK Norrköping in Allsvenskan. Skjønsberg is a versatile defender who can play anywhere across the back line. In the early years of his career, he usually played at right-back, but has later been converted to central defender.
Career.
Club career.
Skjønsberg made his debut for Stabæk in 2002. By the end of the 2007 season, he had played 114 league games for the club. On 3 August 2008, he scored his first league goal for Stabæk, against Bodø/Glimt. On 10 January 2012 he transferred to Swedish club IFK Norrköping.
International career.
At international level, Skjønsberg has played 20 times for Norway U-21, and in August 2008, he got his first call-up to the senior national team. 
At 19 November 2008, he got his first and so far only senior cap, when he came on as a substitute against Ukraine in Dnepropetovsk

</doc>
<doc id="18884239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884239" title="David W. Alexander">
David W. Alexander

David W. Alexander (June 22, 1812–April 30, 1887) was an early California politician and pioneer to Los Angeles. He served on the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors in 1853 and 1854. In 1855 he was elected the third sheriff to serve the county.
Biography.
David W. Alexander was born in Ireland and came to the United States with a brother in 1832. He resided in Philadelphia three or four years, and from there he went to Rocheport, Missouri. He operated a trading company to Santa Fe, New Mexico in 1837. In 1841 Alexander left for California, with the Rowland-Workman Party. Alexander lived for some time on Rancho El Rincon, in San Bernardino County, California. He then went to the port of San Pedro and carried on a trading business from 1844 till 1849. In 1846 he favored the Americans and with a number of the latter he was made a prisoner by the Californios. He then formed Alexander and Mellus Company, a mercantile business in Los Angeles, with Francis Mellus (1824 - 1863). During this time he also formed a partnership with Phineas Banning at San Pedro, until 1855, when he sold his interest.
Alexander became involved in southern California real estate. In 1851, de la Osa sold Rancho Providencia to Alexander and Mellus Company. In 1867, Alexander sold Rancho Providencia to David Burbank. The Rancho Tujunga, Rancho Cahuenga and Rancho Providencia were patented to Alexander by the United States courts in 1872.
He was the first president of the Los Angeles Common Council, the governing body of the city, in 1850–51, resigning on September 25, 1851.
Alexander was elected Sheriff of Los Angeles county for the terms of 1855–1856 and 1876–1877. He was elected a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors in 1853 and 1854.
Alexander married Adelaida Mellus, widow of his partner, Francis Mellus, in 1864. David's brother, George C. Alexander, and Phineas Banning operated Alexander & Banning as a successful freight and stage line. 
He died in Wilmington on April 30, 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="18884242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884242" title="HD 160342">
HD 160342

HD 160342 is the Henry Draper Catalogue designation for a star in the southern constellation of Ara. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 6.35 and, based upon parallax measurements, is approximately distant from Earth. This is an evolved red giant that is presently on the asymptotic giant branch, with a stellar classification of M3 III. It is a periodic variable star that changes in brightness by 0.1127 magnitudes at the rate of 0.37943 cycles per day, or once every 2.6 days.

</doc>
<doc id="18884243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884243" title="Francis John Savile Foljambe">
Francis John Savile Foljambe

Francis John Savile Foljambe (9 April 1830 – 5 February 1917) was a British Liberal member of parliament.
Born at Osberton, Foljambe was the eldest son of George Savile Foljambe and Lady Selina Jenkinson, daughter of Charles Jenkinson, 3rd Earl of Liverpool, and the older brother of Cecil Foljambe, a fellow Liberal politician. His maternal grandfather was Robert Jenkinson, 2nd Earl of Liverpool, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
After being educated at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford, he was elected as a Member of Parliament for East Retford in the 1857 general election. He was re-elected at every general election until the 1885 election, when the seat was abolished. He owned about of land and was a member of Brooks's. He was appointed a member of the Privy Council in 1895.
In 1856, he married Lady Gertrude Emily Acheson, eldest daughter of Archibald Acheson, 3rd Earl of Gosford; they had three sons. Foljambe died on 5 February 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="18884261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884261" title="G. A. Sturgis">
G. A. Sturgis

G. A. Sturgis was an early California politician and pioneer to Los Angeles. He served on the second Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors in 1853.
The first County Supervisors in 1852 for Los Angeles were Jefferson Hunt, Julian A. Chavez, Francisco P. Temple, Manuel Requena, and Samuel Arbuckle.
The second County Supervisors in 1853 for Los Angeles were David W. Alexander, Leonardo Cota, G. A. Sturgis, Daniel M. Thomas, and Benjamin D. Wilson ("Don Benito").

</doc>
<doc id="18884270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884270" title="List of mosques in Turkey">
List of mosques in Turkey

This is a list of mosques in Turkey. 
In March 2013, there were 82.693 mosques in Turkey, the province with the highest number of mosques (3.113) was Istanbul and the lowest number (117) was Tunceli Province.[http://www.haberturk.com/yasam/haber/825261-turkiyede-kac-cami-var]
In 2003 there were 75.369 mosques, in 10 year time, the number of mosques had increased by 7.324.In 1927, there were 23.705 mosques in Turkey. Turkey's Muslim population (including Alevi) in 1927 was approximately 13,270 million, in 2005 it was some 72 million.[http://books.google.com/books?id=Nbnhkc3nLVIC&pg=PA125&dq=turkey+muslim+population+1927&hl=nl&sa=X&ei=3YTcUZTpFoPYtQac8YG4Bw&ved=0CDEQ6AEwAA#v=onepage&q=turkey%20muslim%20population%201927&f=false In 1927, there was a mosque for approximately every 560 Muslims, in 2013 it was something between 900-1,000 Muslims.
See also.
Ulucami

</doc>
<doc id="18884277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884277" title="Daniel M. Thomas">
Daniel M. Thomas

Daniel M. Thomas was an early California politician and pioneer to Los Angeles. He served on the second Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors in 1853.
The first County Supervisors in 1852 for Los Angeles were Jefferson Hunt, Julian A. Chavez, Francisco P. Temple, Manuel Requena, and Samuel Arbuckle.
The second County Supervisors in 1853 for Los Angeles were David W. Alexander, Leonardo Cota, G. A. Sturgis, Daniel M. Thomas, and Benjamin D. Wilson ("Don Benito").

</doc>
<doc id="18884285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884285" title="Eochaid mac Fiachnai">
Eochaid mac Fiachnai

Eochaid mac Fiachnai (died 810) was a Dal Fiatach king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland. He was the son of Fiachnae mac Áedo Róin (died 789), a previous king. He ruled from 790 to 810.
Eochaid first appears in the annals in 776. In that year he gave his support to Tommaltach mac Indrechtaig (died 790) in a civil war among the rival Dal nAraide family. They defeated and slew the incumbent king Cináed Ciarrge mac Cathussaig and his ally, Dúngal king of the Uí Tuirtri (an Airgialla tribe west of Lough Neagh) at the Battle of Drong.
His father had restored the fortunes of the Dal Fiatach dynasty but upon his death a succession struggle broke out. Eochaid was challenged for the kingship by his kinsmen Tommaltach mac Cathail. Tommaltach was the great grandson of Óengus, son of Máel Cobo mac Fiachnai (died 647) king of Ulaid and this branch (called the Cenél nÓengusa) threatened to be excluded from the throne. Tommaltach was defeated and slain in battle by Eochaid. However Tommlatach's branch of the family remained based in Leth Cathail (Lecale)-"Cathal's Half" in southern modern County Down (also known as Mag Inis).
Tommaltach mac Indrechtaig of Dal nAraide had profited by the civil war among the Dal Fiatach to acquire the throne of all Ulaid. He died the next year in 790 and in that year the annals also record a slaughter of the Dal Fiatach by the Dál nAraidi. Whether this occurred before or after Tommaltach's death is uncertain. Eochaid became King of Ulaid in 790.
In 801 The Ulaid went to war with the Uí Echach Cobo in the west part of county Down, probably to impose their authority. The Ulaid were victorious and slew the King of Coba, Eochu mac Aililla. On the side of the Ulaid, Cairell mac Cathail of the Leth Cathail branch was slain. 
In 809 the high king Áed Oirdnide campaigned against Ulaid and defeated them ravaging from the Bann to Strangford Lough. The motive for this conflict was apparently the killing of Dúnchú, superior of Tulach Léis (Tullylisk, County Down), by the Ulaid. A civil war then followed in which Eochaid was defeated by his brother Cairell mac Fiachnai (died 819). The annals report that Eochaid escaped from this battle and historians place his death in 810.
Eochaid may be associated with the establishment of Dún Echdach (Duneight) which became the royal seat of the Dal Fiatach as they shifted their power northwards by the 9th century from their old royal seat at Downpatrick. The sons of Eochaid included Muiredach mac Eochada (died 839), a King of Ulaid, and Áed mac Eochada who fathered three kings of Ulaid.

</doc>
<doc id="18884302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884302" title="Todd London">
Todd London

Todd London is an American television producer. He has worked on several series for HBO, including "Carnivàle", "Rome", and "The Pacific". He was a producer on the first series of AMC drama "Mad Men".

</doc>
<doc id="18884323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884323" title="March of the Iron Will">
March of the Iron Will

The March of the Iron Will ("Marcia della ferrea volontà"), or the Iron-Will Column ("Colonna della ferrea volontà"), was a Fascist propaganda event staged during the final days of the Italian invasion of Ethiopia. The goal of the march was to capture the Ethiopian capital in a show of force.
From 26 April to 5 May 1936, an Italian "mechanized column" under the command of Marshal of Italy ("Maresciallo d'Italia") Pietro Badoglio advanced unopposed from the town of Dessie to take Addis Ababa. The march covered a distance of approximately 200 miles.
Background.
On 3 October 1935, elements of the Italian Royal Army ("Regio Esercito") under General Emilio De Bono invaded the Ethiopian Empire from staging areas in the Italian colony of Eritrea on what was known as the "northern front". De Bono was the Commander-in-Chief of all Italian armed forces in East Africa. In addition, he was the Commander-in-Chief of the forces invading from Eritrea, the "northern front." Forces based in Italian Somaliland under General Rodolfo Graziani invaded Ethiopia on what was known as the "southern front." Ground forces on both fronts were amply supported by the Italian Royal Air Force ("Regia Aeronautica"). 
Badoglio replaced De Bono in late 1935 and was immediately faced with the Ethiopian "Christmas Offensive." On 26 December, Badoglio asked for and was given permission to use mustard gas and phosgene. The Italians delivered the poison gas by special artillery canisters and with bombers of the Royal Air Force. While the poorly equipped Ethiopians experienced some success against the more modern weaponry of the Italians, they did not understand the "terrible rain that burned and killed."
From early 1936, events on the field of battle did not go well for the Imperial Ethiopian Army. On the southern front, Graziani eliminated a large Ethiopian army commanded by Duke ("Ras") Desta Damtew during the Battle of Genale Doria using poison gas. Badoglio used poison gas to eliminate the Ethiopian northern armies one after another. He destroyed "Ras" Mulugeta Yeggazu's army in the Battle of Amba Aradam. He destroyed "Ras" Kassa Haile Darge's army in the Second Battle of Tembien. Finally, he destroyed "Ras" Imru Haile Sellassie's army in the Battle of Shire.
By 31 March, the last Ethiopian army on the northern front was commanded in battle by the Emperor himself, Haile Selassie. His army included six battalions of Ethiopia's best troops, the Imperial Guard ("Kebur Zabangna"). The Emperor led an ill-fated counterattack during the Battle of Maychew which he could not realistically hope to win. The Emperor's army suffered heavy losses during costly frontal assaults on prepared Italian defensive positions. But the bulk of his army was destroyed during the days immediately following the battle when poison gas was used to decimate the withdrawing columns.
On 20 April, Marshal Badoglio flew to the town of Dessie in Wollo Province and made his headquarters there. He decided to advance from Dessie and take the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa. Dessie is only two-hundred miles (320 km) from Addis Ababa. Except for a pitiful procession of refugees, the road to the capital was clear. The Italian Commander-in-Chief faced no meaningful Ethiopian resistance.
The mechanized column.
Because of the lack of resistance between Dessie and Addis Ababa, Badoglio risked a spectacular advance with a "mechanized column" for propaganda purposes. In 1936, "mechanized" meant infantry transported in a variety of commercial cars and trucks. "Motorised infantry" is a more appropriate term for Badoglio's column.
Thanks to the organizational genius of a Quartermaster-General Fidenzio Dall'Ora, Badoglio's "mechanized column" came together in Dessie between 21 and 25 April. Dall'Ora was able to organize the most powerful "mechanized" column to appear on an African road up to that time. In addition to 12,500 Fascist Italian toops, the column included 1,785 cars and trucks of all makes (Fiats, Lancias, Alfa-Romeos, Fords, Chevrolets, Bedfords, and Studebakers), a squadron of light tanks (L3s), eleven batteries of artillery, and aircraft. Special vehicles carried 193 horses so that when the column arrived at the gates of Addis Ababa, the Marshal and his staff could leave their cars and ride in triumph on horseback.
The march.
On 24 April, Badoglio sent two columns of 4,000 Eritreans ahead by force march to protect his mechanized force as a precautionary measure. But the adversity the Eritreans and the march itself encountered was mainly caused by rain and mud. Badoglio's precautionary measure proved to be superfluous.
Imperial highway.
Badoglio's mechanized force advanced along the "Imperial Highway" between Dessie and Addis Ababa. The Italian Commander-in-Chief was to uncharitably refer to this road as "a bad cart track."
Badoglio expected some show of resistance at Termaber Pass, and the mechanized column did halt there for two days, but all was quiet. The column stopped because a section of the road had been demolished and had to be repaired.
Once through Selva Sina, the Italians found themselves in one of the most beautiful and fertile regions of Shewa Province. From the open trucks, the men, with rifles between their knees, gazed over the landscape spellbound at what they saw. At last Italy had a worthwhile colony of its own. Many of the Italian soldiers looked forward to laying down their rifles when the war was over so that they could pick up farming implements and reap the rewards of this rich earth.
Addis Ababa before the arrival of the Italians.
In Addis Ababa, Emperor Haile Selassie visited the French Legation. After explaining to French Minister Paul Bodard that further defense of the capital was impossible, he explained that it was best for Empress Menen Asfaw and their two sons, Crown Prince Asfa-Wassan, 19, and round-eyed Prince Makonnen, 13, to leave the country. Ultimately they would go to the Coptic monastery in the British Mandate of Palestine, but he asked the French Minister whether the Royal Family could temporarily find refuge in French Somaliland and was assured by Bodard that they could. 
Haile Selassie then returned to his Palace and crowds gathered at the Palace steps. To the gathering throng, he said, "Ethiopia, will fight until the last soldier and the last inch! Let every man who is not wounded or sick take arms and enough food to last five days and march north to fight the invader!" The crowd roared back to their Emperor: "We will go!" With this, five thousand men, bravest remnant of the old Imperial Guard, shouldered their rifles again and marched away. 
Forgetting the raw gas burns on his own arm, Haile Selassie retired into his Palace for a final conference with his chieftains. It was clear to him that the Government of the Ethiopian Empire would have to move from Addis Ababa. One possibility was for the government to relocate to Gore in the southwest and he sought comment on this plan. Initially his bearded chiefs said nothing at all. But, when the chiefs did talk, they explained that the one effective Ethiopian army left was fighting for its life under "Ras" Nasibu Emmanual in the Ogaden. This army was pitted against General Rodolfo Graziani's relentless advance on Harar. They added that the tribes to the west were in an ugly mood. One after another, the chiefs rose to tell how hopeless the situation was and to say that there was nothing for the Emperor to do but run for his life.
After his somber meeting with his chieftains, Haile Selassie visited Sir Sidney Barton at the British Legation. He spoke softly to Sir Sidney but to the point. Britain had encouraged him with fine words and had made many promises. However, Britain had provided Ethiopia with few guns for which the Ethiopians had paid cash. Haile Selassie stressed that he had risked his own life for Ethiopia but also for the League of Nations. He asked Sir Sidney whether Britain would now come to his aid in this hour of direst need. Shortly afterwards Haile Selassie drove away, his mouth grim with disappointment. 
Prior to his departure, Haile Selassie ordered that the government of Ethiopia be moved to Gore, he ordered that the mayor of Addis Ababa maintain order in the city until the Italian arrival, and he appointed "Ras" Imru Haile Selassie as his Prince Regent during his absence
Late on 2 May, after the Emperor left the city to go into exile, there was a breakdown in civil order. Only the dregs of Ethiopia's soldiery were left behind in the doomed capital. They went wild, looted shops, screamed curses at foreigners, and fired rifles into the air. The new Palace, pride of Haile Selassie, was thrown open to the mob. Most foreigners found safety within the British compound. In twenty-four hours, the Ethiopian Empire fell apart and native law and order disappeared. Rioting in Addis Ababa grew worse by the hour. An attack was made on the Treasury's "gold house." A few loyal employees tried to save the remnant of Emperor's gold with machine guns, but sword-swinging looters rushed them and cut off their hands as they clung to their guns.
Arrival of the Italians.
During the evening of 4 May, elements of the I Eritrean Brigade reached the outskirts of Addis Ababa. They reached the city before Badoglio's mechanized column and they managed to accomplish this feat on foot. Meanwhile Badoglio's motorized column, pushing on as fast as possible, drew closer and closer. Italian aircraft reconnoitred over the city.
By the time the main column reached the capital at 4:00 pm on 5 May, the truck-borne Italians were almost delirious with joy. Few could foresee that the conflict in Ethiopia would go on for another five years and that the day that these soldiers could reap the rewards would never dawn.
A heavy rain fell as Badoglio's forces entered the city and restored order. The rioting that started after Haile Selassie left lasted until order was restored with the arrival of the Italians. White flags were displayed everywhere as Badoglio made his triumphal entry into the city of the "King of Kings." Many city residents fled south or tried to take refuge in the foreign compounds which they had been attacking.
A detachment of Ethiopian customs guards presented arms as Badoglio's car drove past them. Further on, an Italian guard of honor, which accompanied the advance guard for this very purpose, paid Badoglio the same courtesy. There was no question now of stopping to allow Badoglio to use the horses brought for this occasion. The car and truck bound procession continued. 
When Badoglio's entourage pulled up in front of the Italian legation at 5:45 pm, the tricolor of the Kingdom of Italy was hoisted. Then followed three cheers for Italy's King Victor Emmanuel and three cheers for Italy's Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini. After the cheering, Badoglio turned to a senior member of the Italian Royal Air Force and said: 
The fall of Addis Ababa had been expected in Italy, but when the news reached Rome during the evening of 5 May, there were scenes of wild excitement. Mussolini was called back ten times by the jubilant crowds at the Palazzo Venezia. 
Significantly, the march was completed in only ten days across difficult terrain and in bad weather. It was an achievement that demonstrated the offensive potential of motorized forces in securing bold advances. However, encountering no Ethiopian opposition, the Italian "March of the Iron Will" turned out to be little more than a logistics exercise. In the words of an anonymous journalist at the time: 
Aftermath.
During the week following Marshal Badoglio's entry into Addis Ababa, Dr. Johann Hans Kirchholtes, the German Minister to Ethiopia, visited what had been the Italian Legation in the Ethiopian capital city. Badoglio was now Viceroy and Governor-General of Italian East Africa and the former Italian Legation was now his headquarters. Kirchholtes provided the first recognition by any foreign government that the conquest of Ethiopia was an accomplished fact. 
Meanwhile, one of Marshal Badoglio's staff officers, Captain Adolfo Alessandri, visited every foreign legation in Addis Ababa. Alessandri politely explained to each envoy that they would enjoy "every diplomatic privilege until the time of your departure." This was Italy's official notification to the world that occupied Ethiopia would not be considered to be on the same footing as the Japanese Empire's puppet state of Manchukuo. The former Ethiopian Empire was to be a colony of the Kingdom of Italy. Giuseppe Bottai was named as the first Governor of Addis Ababa and Haile Selassie's former Palace became his residence.

</doc>
<doc id="18884363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884363" title="Juan Sepulveda">
Juan Sepulveda

Juan Sepulveda (1814–1898) was an early California politician and pioneer in Los Angeles.
Juan Capistrano Sepulveda was a son of Jose Dolores Sepulveda (1793 - 1824). He served on the third Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors in 1854 for the 3rd District. The County Supervisors in 1854 were David W. Alexander, Stephen C. Foster, Juan Sepulveda, Cristobal Aguilar, and Samuel S. Thompson.

</doc>
<doc id="18884366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884366" title="Ivar Huitfeldt">
Ivar Huitfeldt

Ivar Huitfeldt (December 5, 1665 – October 4, 1710) was a Dano-Norwegian naval officer who was killed in action, when he commanded the ship "Dannebroge" during Great Northern War 1700–1721.
Biography.
Ivar Huitfeldt was born in the Norwegian town of Halden. 
He lost his mother at the age of six and his father died six years later. Both his parents died in his childhood years and he was therefore later raised by his stepmother with whom he moved to the Norwegian area of Hurum.
At the age of 16 he sent an application to Christian V of Denmark-Norway in which Ivar Huitfeldt applied to join the navy. It was granted and he started the trainee programme of the Dano-Norwegian navy. As a part of the trainee period he first served in the Dutch fleet before later joining the French fleet.
He returned to do service in the Dano-Norwegian fleet in 1689 as a 24-year old lieutenant, but in the following year he returned to do service in the Dutch navy to get more experience. He participated in the Battle of Beachy Head, where the Dutch-English navy was defeated by the French fleet under the command of admiral Tourville. An admiral he served under just two years later at the Battle of La Hogue, where the French navy was defeated by a Dutch-English fleet.
In 1691 he got the title as captain in the Dano-Norwegian fleet and in 1704 he was appointed commander. This year the king also ordered Ivar Huitfeldt to take charge of the ship yard in Kristiansand, a position he held until 1707.
Death.
Ivar Huitfeldt was killed in action during the Great Northern War at a battle in Køge Bugt on October 4, 1710. The Dano-Norwegian fleet was engaged by the Swedish fleet, and Huitfeldt's ship Dannebroge exploded after a fire on deck reached the gunpowder depot. After the ship caught fire, Huitfeldt ordered his crew to remain onboard and continue firing at the Swedish fleet. Due to Dannebrog's strategic position, this decision allowed the rest of the Dano-Norwegian fleet to escape, but lead to the deaths of almost the entire crew. The corpse of Ivar Huitfeldt was later found on the beach in Køge Bugt. 
According to the commander in chief of the Dano-Norwegian navy, Ulrik Christian Gyldenløve, the fire on Dannebroge was probably ignited by the cannons of the ship. Gyldenløve mentions this in his letter to the king, where Gyldenløve also regrets that a "brave and talented" officer should die in such a miserable way. Gyldenløve followed the battle from his ship Elephanten and wrote the letter at about 9 o'clock in the morning of October 5.

</doc>
<doc id="18884379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884379" title="USS League Island (YFB-20)">
USS League Island (YFB-20)

USS "League Island" (YFB-20) was a 166-foot-long commercial craft acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. It was primarily used as a ferryboat on the Delaware River, transporting military personnel between the Philadelphia Navy Yard, located on League Island, and military activities and contractors on the New Jersey side of the river.
Built in Philadelphia.
"Block Island" (ex-"Hook Mountain", ex-"Machigonne") was built in April 1907 by Neafie & Levy S. and E. B. Co., Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; purchased by the Navy 24 February 1941 from H. Reynolds Palmer and Raymond H. Abell, Gales Ferry, Connecticut; classified "YFB-20" 27 February 1941; renamed "League Island" and placed in service 7 March 1941.
World War II service.
"League Island" (YFB-20) was assigned to the 4th Naval District 17 March 1941 for ferrying service between the Philadelphia Naval Yard, and National Park, New Jersey, which she carried out efficiently throughout the war.
Post-war decommissioning.
"League Island" was placed out of service 6 June 1946 and returned to the War Shipping Administration (WSA) 9 January 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="18884395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884395" title="Samuel S. Thompson">
Samuel S. Thompson

Samuel S. Thompson was an early California politician and pioneer to Los Angeles. He served on the third Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors in 1854.
The third County Supervisors in 1854 for Los Angeles were David W. Alexander, Stephen C. Foster, Juan Sepulveda, Cristobal Aguilar, and Samuel S. Thompson.

</doc>
<doc id="18884403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884403" title="Lavanda">
Lavanda

"Lavanda" ( - lavender) is one of the major hits of Sofia Rotaru, a popular song for duet performance of 1985. 
The lyrics were written by Mikhail Shabrov and the music was composed by Vladimir Matetsky. This song became the debut of collaboration of Rotaru and with the new author and composer. Rotaru was awarded platinum disc for selling more than million of copies of the song and the same named album.
Canadian Leonard Cohen released a similar tune in December 1984, "Dance Me to the End of Love".
Lyrics.
Free Translation <br>
In our live everything happens, <br>
Even under the sun ice doesn't melt, <br>
And with warmth the winter greets - <br>
Rain takes place in December.
Whether loving or not - don't know it, <br>
We sometimes play in love. <br>
And when losing it, <br>
"Not a fate", - we say
Chorus: <br>
Lavender, mountainous lavender - <br>
Of our meeting with you, those are the blue flowers <br>
Lavender, mountainous lavender... <br>
How many years have passed, but we remember, you and I
Summer us the warmth was giving, <br>
Larus over the water was floating, <br>
Only for us the moon was shining, <br>
To us alone on the Earth. 
But where has it gone all this? <br>
There was not, and is no answer. <br>
And now as the two planets, <br>
We are apart with you
Chorus:

</doc>
