<doc id="18935732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935732" title="Associated Press">
Associated Press

The Associated Press (AP) is an American multinational nonprofit news agency headquartered in New York City. The AP is owned by its contributing newspapers, radio and television stations in the United States, all of which contribute stories to the AP and use material written by its staff journalists. The AP staff is represented by the Newspaper Guild union, which operates under the Communication Workers union, which operates under the AFL-CIO. 
, the news collected by the AP is published and republished by more than 1,700 newspapers, in addition to more than 5,000 television and radio broadcasters. The photograph library of the AP consists of over 10 million images. The Associated Press operates 243 news bureaus and it serves at least 120 countries, with an international staff located worldwide. Associated Press also operates The Associated Press Radio Network, which provides newscasts twice hourly for broadcast and satellite radio and television stations. The AP Radio also offers news and public affairs features, feeds of news sound bites and long form coverage of major events. Many newspapers and broadcasters outside the United States are AP subscribers, paying a fee to use AP material without being contributing members of the cooperative. That places AP in a position to strongly influence public opinion.
As part of their cooperative agreement with The Associated Press, most member news organizations grant automatic permission for the AP to distribute their local news reports. For example, on page two of every edition of "The Washington Post", the newspaper's masthead includes the statement, "The Associated Press is entitled exclusively to use for re-publication of all news dispatches credited to it or not otherwise credited in this paper and all local news of spontaneous origin published herein."
The AP employs the "inverted pyramid formula" for writing that enables the news outlets to edit a story to fit its available publication area without losing the story's essential meaning and news information.
Cutbacks at longtime U.S. rival United Press International, most significantly in 1993, left the AP as the primary nationally oriented news service based in the United States, although UPI still produces and distributes news stories and photos daily. Other English-language news services, such as Reuters and the English-language service of Agence France-Presse, are based outside the United States.
History.
Associated Press is a not-for-profit news cooperative formed in the spring of 1846 by five daily newspapers in New York City to share the cost of transmitting news of the Mexican-American War by boat, horse express and telegraph. The venture was organized by Moses Yale Beach (1800–68), second publisher of the New York Sun, and agreed to by the Herald, the Courier and Enquirer, the Journal of Commerce and the Express. Some historians believe that the Tribune joined at this time; documents show it was a member in 1849. The New York Times became a member shortly after its founding in September 1851. Initially known as the New York Associated Press (NYAP), the organization faced competition from the Western Associated Press (1862), which criticized it for monopolistic practices in gathering news and setting prices. An investigation completed in 1892 by Victor Lawson, editor and publisher of the Chicago Daily News, revealed that several principals of the NYAP had entered into a secret agreement with United Press, a rival organization, to share NYAP news and the profits of reselling it. The revelations led to the demise of the NYAP and in December 1892, the Western Associated Press was incorporated in Illinois as the Associated Press. An Illinois Supreme Court decision (Inter Ocean Publishing Co. v. Associated Press) in 1900—that the AP was a public utility and operating in restraint of trade—resulted in AP's move from Chicago to New York City, where corporation laws were more favorable to cooperatives.
When the Associated Press was founded, news became a salable commodity. The creation of the rotary press followed shortly after which led to the New York '"Tribune" installing high-speed press in the 1870s allowing them to publish 18,000 papers per hour. During the Civil War and Spanish-American War, there was a new incentive to write vivid, on-the-spot reporting leading to the Graphic Revolution. This occurred making man's ability to make, preserve and transmit images and print of these events much more feasible. Due to the fact that printing speed had been dramatically increased, this movement was legendary and has the Associated Press to thank for this achievement.
Melville Stone, who had founded the Chicago Daily News in 1875, served as AP General Manager from 1893 to 1921. He embraced the standards of accuracy, impartiality and integrity. The cooperative grew rapidly under the leadership of Kent Cooper (served 1925–48), who built up bureau staff in South America, Europe and (after World War II), the Middle East. He introduced the “telegraph typewriter” or teletypewriter into newsrooms in 1914. In 1935, AP launched the Wirephoto network, which allowed transmission of news photographs over leased private telephone lines on the day they were taken. This gave AP a major advantage over other news media outlets. While the first network was only between New York, Chicago and San Francisco, eventually AP had its network across the whole United States. 
In 1945, the Supreme Court of the United States held in "Associated Press v. United States" that AP had been violating the Sherman Antitrust Act by prohibiting member newspapers from selling or providing news to nonmember organizations as well as making it very difficult for nonmember newspapers to join the AP. The decision facilitated the growth of its main rival United Press International, headed in 1935-55 by Hugh Baillie.
In 1982, satellites began transmitting news photography. AP entered the broadcast field in 1941 when it began distributing news to radio stations; it created its own radio network in 1974. In 1994, it established APTV, a global video newsgathering agency. APTV merged with WorldWide Television News in 1998 to form APTN, which provides video to international broadcasters and websites. In 2004, AP moved its world headquarters from its longtime home at 50 Rockefeller Plaza to a huge building at 450 W. 33rd Street in Manhattan—which also houses the "New York Daily News" and the studios of New York's public television station, WNET. In 2009, AP had more than 240 bureaus globally. Its mission —“to gather with economy and efficiency an accurate and impartial report of the news”—has not changed since its founding, but digital technology has made the distribution of the AP news report an interactive endeavor between AP and its 1,400 U.S. newspaper members as well as broadcasters, international subscribers and online customers.
The Associated Press began diversifying its news gathering capabilities and by 2007 AP was generating only about 30% of its revenue from United States newspapers. 37% came from the global broadcast customers, 15% from online ventures and 18% came from international newspapers and from photography.
Web resource.
The AP's multi-topic structure has resulted in web portals such as Yahoo! and MSN posting its articles, often rely on AP as their first source for news coverage of breaking news items. This and the constant updating evolving stories require has had a major impact on the AP's public image and role, giving new credence to the AP's ongoing mission of having staff for covering every area of news fully and promptly. Yahoo!'s "Top News" page gives the AP top visibility out of any news outlet. The AP is also the news service used on the Wii's News Channel. In 2007 Google announced it was paying for Associated Press content displayed in Google News. In late 2009 Google stopped displaying or hosting AP content on its news website due to a dispute over their licensing agreement. In mid 2010 Google announced an extension of this agreement has been, allowing AP content to appear again.
AP sports polls.
The AP is known for its polls on numerous college sports in the United States. The AP polls ranking the top 25 NCAA Division I (Football Bowl Subdivision and Football Championship Subdivision) college football and NCAA Division I men's and women's college basketball teams are the most well known. The AP composes the polls by collecting and compiling the top-25 votes of numerous designated sports journalists. The AP poll of college football was particularly notable for many years because it helped determine the ranking of teams at the end of the regular season for the collegiate Bowl Championship Series until the AP, citing conflict of interest, asked for the poll to be removed from the bowl series. Beginning in the 2005 season, the Harris Interactive College Football Poll took the AP's place in the bowl series formula. Despite the invention of the BCS, the AP has maintained its status and is viewed as an equal to the BCS (USC's AP title in 2003). The AP poll is the longest serving national poll in college football, having begun in 1936.
AP sports awards.
Baseball.
The AP began its Major League Baseball Manager of the Year Award in 1959, for a manager in each league. From 1984 to 2000, the award was given to one manager in all of MLB. The winners were chosen by a national panel of AP baseball writers and radio men. The award was discontinued in 2001.
Basketball.
Every year on March 31, the AP releases the names of the winners of its AP College Basketball Player of the Year and AP College Basketball Coach of the Year awards.
Associated Press Television News.
In 1994, London-based Associated Press Television (APTV) was founded to provide agency news material to television broadcasters. Other existing providers of such material at the time were Reuters Television and Worldwide Television News (WTN).
In 1998, AP purchased WTN and APTV left the Associated Press building in Central London and merged with WTN to create Associated Press Television News (APTN) in the WTN building, now the APTN building in Camden Town.
Litigation and controversies.
Breach of contract and unfair competition.
In November 2010 the Associated Press was sued by iCopyright. iCopyright's lawsuit asserts breach of contract and unfair competition in that the Associated Press launched a copyright-tracking registry, built upon information and business intelligence that the AP misappropriated from iCopyright.
Christopher Newton.
Washington, D.C. bureau reporter Christopher Newton, an Associated Press reporter since 1994, was fired by AP in September 2002 after he was accused of fabricating sources since 2000, including at least 40 people and organizations. Prior to his firing, Newton had been focused on writing about federal law-enforcement while based at the Justice Department. Some of the nonexistent agencies quoted in his stories included "Education Alliance," the "Institute for Crime and Punishment in Chicago," "Voice for the Disabled" and "People for Civil Rights."
Fair use controversies.
In June 2008, the AP sent numerous DMCA take down demands and threatened legal action against several blogs. The AP contended that the internet blogs were violating AP's copyright by linking to AP material and using headlines and short summaries in those links. Many bloggers and experts noted that the use of the AP news fell squarely under commonly accepted internet practices and within fair use standards. Others noted and demonstrated that AP routinely takes similar excerpts from other sources, often without attribution or licenses. AP responded that it was defining standards regarding citations of AP news.
Copyright and intellectual property.
In August 2005, Ken Knight, a Louisiana photographer sued the Associated Press claiming that the AP had willfully and negligently violated Knight's copyright by distributing a photograph of celebrity Britney Spears to various media outlets including, but not limited to: truTV (formerly CourtTV), America Online and Fox News. According to court documents the AP did not have a license to publish, display or relicense the photographs. The case was settled by the parties in November 2006.
In a case filed February 2005, "McClatchey v. The Associated Press," a Pennsylvania photographer sued the Associated Press claiming that the AP had cropped a picture to remove the plaintiff's embedded title and copyright notice and later distributed it to news organizations without the plaintiff's permission or credit. According to court documents the parties settled the lawsuit.
In April 2011, Patricia Ann Lopez, a New Mexico courtroom sketch artist, sued the Associated Press claiming that the AP had violated her copyrights by reselling her images without a license and had deceptively, fraudulently and wrongfully passed off the artist's work as its own. According to court documents the AP did not have a license to resell or relicense the images.
Shepard Fairey.
In March 2009, the Associated Press counter-sued artist Shepard Fairey over his famous image of Barack Obama, saying the uncredited, uncompensated use of an AP photo violated copyright laws and signaled a threat to journalism. Fairey had sued the Associated Press the previous month over his artwork, titled "Obama Hope" and "Obama Progress," arguing that he did not violate copyright law because he dramatically changed the image. The artwork, based on an April 2006 picture taken for the AP by Mannie Garcia, was a popular image during the presidential campaign and now hangs in the National Portrait Gallery in Washington. According to the AP lawsuit filed in federal court in Manhattan, Fairey knowingly "misappropriated The AP's rights in that image." The suit, which also names Fairey's companies, asks the court to award AP profits made off the image and damages. "While (Fairey and the companies) have attempted to cloak their actions in the guise of politics and art, there is no doubt that they are profiting handsomely from their misappropriation," the lawsuit says. Fairey said he looked forward to "upholding the free expression rights at stake here" and disproving the AP's accusations. In January 2011 this suit was settled with neither side admitting their position was wrong but agreeing to share reproduction rights and profits from Fairey's work.
Hot News.
In January 2008, the Associated Press sued competitor All Headline News (AHN) claiming that AHN allegedly infringed on its copyrights and a contentious 'quasi-property' right to facts. The AP complaint asserted that AHN reporters had copied facts from AP news reports without permission and without paying a syndication fee. After AHN moved to dismiss all but the copyright claims set forth by AP, a majority of the lawsuit was dismissed. According to court documents, the case has been dismissed and both parties have settled the lawsuit.
In June 2010 the Associated Press was accused of having unfair and hypocritical policies after it was demonstrated that AP reporters had copied Hot News, original reporting and facts from the "Search Engine Land" website without permission, attribution or credit.
Illegal immigrant.
In April 2013, Associated Press, through a blog entry written by the Associated Press' Senior Vice President and Executive Editor, that the Associated Press has dropped the term "illegal immigrant" from its stylebook. The blog stated that the term was dropped due to the term dehumanizing individuals. The Associated Press follows ABC, NBC and CNN in not using the term. Jose Antonio Vargas commended the Associated Press for its decision.
Syndicated writer Ruben Navarrette criticized the decision, stating the reasoning behind the decision was political correctness and called the blog "incomprehensible". Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano said of the decision, that she doesn't get involved in "vocabulary wars" and then stated "They are immigrants who are here illegally, that’s an illegal immigrant,". Comedian Jay Leno said that the term should be replaced with "undocumented Democrat."
Hoax tweet and flash crash.
On April 23, 2013, their Twitter account was hacked to release a hoax tweet about fictional attacks in the White House that left President Obama injured. This erroneous tweet resulted in a brief plunge of 130 points from the Dow Jones Industrial Average, removal of $136 billion from S&P 500 index, and the temporary suspension of their Twitter account. Although all executed trades were considered final, the Dow Jones later restored its session gains.
Justice Department subpoena of phone records.
On May 13, 2013, the Associated Press announced telephone records for 20 of their reporters during a two-month period in 2012, had been subpoenaed by the Justice Department and described these acts as a "massive and unprecedented intrusion" into news-gathering operations. AP reported the Justice Department would not say why it sought the records, but news sources noted the District of Columbia, US Attorney's office was conducting a criminal investigation into a May 7, 2012, AP story about a CIA operation which prevented a terrorist plot to detonate an explosive device on a commercial flight. The DOJ did not direct subpoenas to the Associate Press, instead to going to their phone providers, including Verizon Wireless. Attorney General Eric Holder testified under oath in front of the House Judiciary Committee that he recused himself from the leak investigations to avoid any appearance of a conflict of interest. Holder said his Deputy Attorney General, James Cole, was in charge of the AP investigation and would've ordered the subpoenas.
Governance.
The Associated Press is governed by an elected board of directors.

</doc>
<doc id="18935734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935734" title="Cascades-Malignes, Quebec">
Cascades-Malignes, Quebec

Cascades-Malignes is an unorganized territory in the Outaouais region of Quebec, Canada, one of five unorganized territories in the La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau Regional County Municipality.
The territory is named after the "Cascades Malignes" (French for "Malicious Cascades") which are a series of chutes on the Gens de Terre River. This river forms the eastern boundary of the territory and of the La Vérendrye Wildlife Reserve as well. The log drivers who went down this river had nicknamed it "La Maline" (malignant) because its flow hid many obstacles. It is also known as Malin Rapides.
Demographics.
Population trend:

</doc>
<doc id="18935739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935739" title="Dinosaur!">
Dinosaur!

Dinosaur! is an American television documentary about dinosaurs. It was first broadcast in the United States on November 5, 1985, on CBS. In 1991, another documentary, also entitled "Dinosaur!" though not related, was hosted on A&E by the CBS anchorman Walter Cronkite.
Content.
Directed by Robert Guenette and written by Steven Paul Mark, "Dinosaur!" was hosted by the American actor Christopher Reeve, who some years before had played the leading role of "Superman". Jointly with Reeve's narration, the documentary shows special effects scenes which reconstruct dinosaurs and their era, along with interviews with the most famous paleontologists at the time of the documentary shooting, including Jack Horner, Robert Bakker, Phil Currie and Dale Russell.
After a short introductory sequence and the subsequent opening credits the show starts with the mating of "Edmontosaurus" (identified as "Hadrosaurus"). The female soon lays a clutch of eggs that are eaten by a "Struthiomimus", except for one. When the "Struthiomimus" eats the last egg it stole, it is then hunted and killed by a pair of "Deinonychus". The remaining "Edmontosaurus" egg hatches and grows into a juvenile. While it is out grazing with its parents, it wanders off and is almost killed by a "Tyrannosaurus rex", but the parents hear its cries and knock the "Tyrannosaurus" over with their strong tails.
Next, a herd of "Monoclonius" is seen grazing. One member wanders off into the forest in search of flowers. Night falls and it tries to find the herd. It soon stumbles upon the remains of a killed "Hadrosaur" and becomes scared. The "Tyrannosaurus" then ambushes it and bites hard on its back. The "Monoclonius" breaks free and stabs the "Tyrannosaurus" in the shin, which only angers the predator. The "Monoclonius" becomes cornered and is killed by one deadly bite.
Next, a herd of "Brontosaurus" are busy eating from trees (this genus is called "Brontosaurus" in the documentary although modern scientific consensus names it "Apatosaurus"). They use their long necks to reach the branches.
The next morning, all seems calm. Suddenly, a huge meteorite crashes into Earth and kills the dinosaurs. After that, a small mouse-like mammal is seen climbing out of a hole in the ground, amongst the bones of a dead "Hadrosaurus", signaling the start of mammals ruling the Earth.
Origins of the project.
Before becoming a full length television documentary, "Dinosaur!" was a 1984 experimental sequence lasting ten minutes. Conceived and created by Phil Tippett with the help of Industrial Light & Magic, stop-motion animators Randy Dutra (who made the dinosaur molds and skins) and Tom St. Amand (who made the inner articulated metallic skeletons of the dinosaurs), the sequence was titled "Prehistoric Beast" and tried to improve go motion animation special effects techniques. The story of the short was simple: the chase and predation of a "Monoclonius" by a "Tyrannosaurus". This short animated movie was only released in specialized animation festivals, but it convinced Robert Guenette and Steven Paul Mark to request Tippett's skills in order to transform it into a full length documentary. They then asked Tippett to realise new sequences with other dinosaur species, like "Hadrosaurus", "Deinonychus", "Struthiomimus" and "Brontosaurus", with additional images of an asteroid, the one supposed to have crashed into the Earth, causing the dinosaur's extinction. Adding all this new material to the material from "Prehistoric Beast" resulted in the 1985 "Dinosaur!" documentary.
Tippett later participated in "" (1980) animating the tauntauns seen in the movie. His experimental work on "Prehistoric Beast" and "Dinosaur!" helped with the animated dinosaur sequences he made later for "Jurassic Park" (1993).
Shooting, airings and VHS releases.
"Dinosaur!" was mainly shot in New York City and Los Angeles, and in some fossiliferous locations of the United States. Christopher Reeve was a "dino fan" and demonstrated his enthusiasm for the shooting by flying with his own airplane to the American Museum of Natural History in New York and requesting himself the re-shooting of several scenes.
The special effects were mainly made in Phil Tippett's garage. Tippett received assistance from Industrial Light & Magic stop-motion animators Randy Dutra (who made the dinosaur molds and skins) and Tom St. Amand (who made the inner articulated metallic skeletons of the dinosaurs).
Some excerpts from old movies were shown in "Dinosaur!" in order to explain how popular dinosaurs were in cinema. One of those excerpts was a scene from "King Kong" (1933), in which a character pronounces the words "prehistoric beast", which is the title chosen by Phil Tippett for his experimental short.
"Dinosaur!" was shown again again on the Disney Channel during the 1990s before it went from being a premium pay channel on cable to a standard channel. It had a VHS release on May 5, 1993, by Lionsgate Entertainment.
Legacy.
Some footage of "Dinosaur!" was re-dubbed with different sound effects and music in the original "3-D Dinosaur Adventure" for MS-DOS operating systems by Knowledge Adventure. It was used in again the 1995 and 1996 Windows remake of the game.

</doc>
<doc id="18935750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935750" title="Cinema of the Republic of Macedonia">
Cinema of the Republic of Macedonia

The history of film making in the Republic of Macedonia dates back over 110 years. The first film to be produced on the territory of the present-day the country was made in 1895 by Janaki and Milton Manaki in Bitola. From then, continuing to the present, Macedonian film makers, in Macedonia and from around the world, have been producing many films. The country now produces three or four films per year.
Throughout the past century, the medium of film has depicted the history, culture and everyday life of the Macedonian people. Over the years many Macedonian films have been presented at film festivals around the world and several of these films have won prestigious awards. 
The first Macedonian feature film was "Frosina", released in 1952. The screenplay was written by Vlado Maleski, who wrote the lyrics for the Macedonian national anthem, and it was directed by Kiro Bilbilovski. The first feature film in colour was "Miss Stone", a movie about a Protestant missionary in Ottoman Macedonia. It was released in 1958.
The most famous Macedonian director is Milčo Mančevski, whose debut feature film "Before the Rain" was nominated for an Academy Award. 
The highest grossing feature film in the Republic of Macedonia was "Bal-Can-Can", having been seen by over 500,000 people in its first year alone.

</doc>
<doc id="18935758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935758" title="Sampling (music)">
Sampling (music)

Originally developed by experimental musicians working with "musique concrète" and electroacoustic music, who physically manipulated tape loops or vinyl records on a phonograph by the late 1960s, the use of tape loop sampling influenced the development of minimalist music and the production of psychedelic rock and jazz fusion.
However, hip hop music was the first popular music genre based around the art of sampling - being born from 1970s DJs who experimented with manipulating vinyl on two turntables. The use of sampling in popular music spread with the rise of electronic music and disco in the mid-1970s to early 1980s, the development of electronic dance music and industrial music in the 1980s, and the worldwide influence of hip hop since the 1980s on genres ranging from contemporary R&B to indie rock. Sampling is now most often done with a sampler, originally a piece of hardware, but today, more commonly a computer program. However, vinyl emulation software may also be used, and turntablists continue to sample using traditional methods. The inclusion of sampling tools in modern digital production methods increasingly introduced sampling into many genres of popular music, as well as genres predating the invention of sampling, such as classical music, jazz and various forms of traditional music.
Often "samples" consist of one part of a song, such as a rhythm break, which is then used to construct the beat for another song. For instance, hip hop music developed from DJs repeating the breaks from songs to enable continuous dancing. The Funky drummer break and the Amen break, both brief fragments taken from soul and funk music recordings of the 1960s, have been among the most common samples used in dance music and hip hop of recent decades, with some entire subgenres like breakbeat being based largely on complex permutations of a single one of these samples. Samples from rock recordings have also been the basis of new songs; for example, the drum introduction from Led Zeppelin's "When the Levee Breaks" was sampled by the Beastie Boys, Dr. Dre, Eminem, Mike Oldfield, Rob Dougan, Coldcut, Depeche Mode and Erasure, among others. Often, samples are not taken from other music, but from spoken words, including those in non-musical media such as movies, TV shows and advertising.
Sampling does not necessarily mean using pre-existing recordings. A number of composers and musicians have constructed pieces or songs by sampling field recordings they made themselves, and others have sampled their own original recordings. The musicians in the trip hop band Portishead, for example, made some use of existing samples, but also scratched, manipulated and sampled musical parts they themselves had originally played in order to construct their songs.
The use of sampling is controversial legally and musically. Experimental musicians who pioneered the technique in the 1940s to the 1960s sometimes did not inform or receive permission from the subjects of their field recordings or from copyright owners before constructing a musical piece out of these samples. In the 1970s, when hip hop was confined to local dance parties, it was unnecessary to obtain copyright clearance in order to sample recorded music at these parties. As the genre became a recorded form centred around rapping in the 1980s and subsequently went mainstream, it became necessary to pay to obtain legal clearance for samples, which was difficult for all but the most successful DJs, producers and rappers. As a result, a number of recording artists ran into legal trouble for uncredited samples, while the restrictiveness of current US copyright laws and their global impact on creativity also came under increased scrutiny.
Aside from legal issues, sampling has been both championed and criticized. Hip hop DJs today take different approaches to sampling, with some critical of its obvious use. Some critics, particularly those with a rockist outlook, have expressed the belief all sampling is lacking in creativity, while others say sampling has been innovative and revolutionary. Those whose own work has been sampled have also voiced a wide variety of opinions about the practice, both for and against sampling.
Types.
Once recorded, samples can be edited, played back, or looped (i.e. played back continuously). Types of samples include:
Loops.
The drums and percussion parts of many modern recordings are really a variety of short samples of beats strung together. Many libraries of such beats exist and are licensed so that the user incorporating the samples can distribute their recording without paying royalties. Such libraries can be loaded into samplers. Though percussion is a typical application of looping, many kinds of samples can be looped. A piece of music may have an ostinato which is created by sampling a phrase played on any kind of instrument. There is software which specializes in creating loops.
Musical instruments.
Whereas loops are usually a phrase played on a musical instrument, this type of sample is usually a single note. Music workstations and samplers use samples of musical instruments as the basis of their own sounds, and are capable of playing a sample back at any pitch. Many modern synthesizers and drum machines also use samples as the basis of their sounds. (See sample-based synthesis for more information.) Most such samples are created in professional recording studios using world-class instruments played by accomplished musicians. These are usually developed by the manufacturer of the instrument or by a subcontractor who specializes in creating such samples. There are businesses and individuals who create libraries of samples of musical instruments. Of course, a sampler allows anyone to create such samples.
Possibly the earliest equipment used to sample recorded instrument sounds are the Chamberlin, which was developed in the 1940s, and its better-known cousin, the Mellotron, marketed in England in the 1960s. Both are tape replay keyboards, in which each key pressed triggers a prerecorded tape loop of a single note.
Musicians can reproduce the same samples of break beats like the "Amen" break which was composed, produced and mastered by the Winston Brothers in 1960s. Producers in the early 1990s have used the whole 5.66 second sample, but music workstations like the Korg Electribe Series (EM-1, ES-1; EMX-1 and the ESX-1) have used the "Amen" kick, hi hat and snare in their sound wave libraries for free use. Sampler production companies have managed to use these samples for pitch, attack and decay and DSP effects to each drum sound. These features allow producers to manipulate samples to match other parts of the composition.
Most sample sets consist of multiple samples at different pitches. These are combined into keymaps, that associate each sample with a particular pitch or pitch range. Often, these sample maps may have different layers as well, so that different velocities can trigger a different sample.
Samples used in musical instruments sometimes have a looped component. An instrument with indefinite sustain, such as a pipe organ, does not need to be represented by a very long sample because the sustained portion of the timbre is looped. The sampler (or other sample playback instrument) plays the attack and decay portion of the sample followed by the looped sustain portion for as long as the note is held, then plays the release portion of the sample.
Resampled layers of sounds generated by a music workstation.
To conserve polyphony, a workstation may allow the user to sample a layer of sounds (piano, strings, and voices, for example) so they can be played together as one sound instead of three. This leaves more of the instruments' resources available to generate additional sounds.
Recordings and popular examples.
On MC Hammer's album "Please Hammer, Don't Hurt 'Em", the successful single "U Can't Touch This" sampled Rick James' 1981 "Super Freak". "Have You Seen Her" was a cover of the Chi-Lites and "Pray" sampled Prince's "When Doves Cry" as well as Faith No More's "We Care a Lot". "Dancin' Machine" sampled The Jackson 5, "Help the Children" interpolates Marvin Gaye's "Mercy Mercy Me (The Ecology)", and "She's Soft and Wet" also sampled Prince's "Soft and Wet". Hammer's previous album and future albums would continue to sample music, although not as notably as this album did.
The Isley Brothers' song "Between The Sheets" is a song heavily sampled by many different artists, most notably Notorious BIG's "Big Poppa", and Gwen Stefani's "Luxurious".
In many cases, artists even join the original artist or receive permission to sample songs such as Coolio did for "Gangsta's Paradise". It sampled the chorus and music of the song "Pastime Paradise" by Stevie Wonder (1976). Wonder performed the song with Coolio and L.V. at the 1995 Billboard Awards. Notably, much of Coolio's album excessively sampled other artists; including "Too Hot" (contains an interpolation of "Too Hot", originally performed by Kool & The Gang), "Cruisin'" (contains an interpolation of "Cruisin'", originally performed by Smokey Robinson & the Miracles), "Sumpin' New" (which contains samples of both "Thighs High (Grip Your Hips More)" performed by Tom Browne and "Wikka Wrap" performed by The Evasions), "Smilin'" (contains an interpolation of "You Caught Me Smiling", originally performed by Sly & The Family Stone), "Kinda High, Kinda Drunk" (contains interpolations of "Saturday Night" and "The Boyz in Da Hood"), "For My Sistas" (contains an interpolation of "Make Me Say It Again Girl", originally performed by The Isley Brothers), "A Thing Goin' On" (contains an interpolation of "Me & Mrs. Jones"), "The Revolution" (contains an interpolation of "Magic Night"), "Get Up, Get Down" (contains an interpolation of "Chameleon", originally performed by Herbie Hancock), and the first line of "Gangster's Paradise" is taken from Psalm 23.
Another example is in 1997, when Sean Combs collaborated with Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin on the song "Come with Me" for the "Godzilla" film. The track sampled the Led Zeppelin song "Kashmir" (approved by Jimmy Page). "I'll Be Missing You" sampled the melody and some of the lyrics from The Police's "Every Breath You Take" from 1983. The single also borrows the melody from the well-known American spiritual "I'll Fly Away." Combs went on to perform it with Sting and Faith Evans on the MTV Video Music Awards. By the late 1990s, "Puffy" was receiving criticism for watering down and overly commercializing hip-hop and overusing guest appearances by other artists, samples and interpolations of past hits in his own hit songs. "The Onion" parodied this phenomenon in a 1997 article called "New rap song samples 'Billie Jean' in its entirety, adds nothing."
Artists can often sample their own songs in other songs they have recorded, often in differently titled remixes. The Chemical Brothers sampled their own song "The Sunshine Underground" in their later song "We Are the Night".
In the late 1980s, then-N.W.A producer Dr. Dre was already experimenting the use of samples from 1970s moog synthesizer-based funk songs, such as "Funky Worm" by the Ohio Players, which he first sampled on N.W.A's "Dopeman" in 1987. Later on, he mastered that sound creating a whole sub-genre of hip-hop, G-funk, based on high-pitched synthesizer solos and sampling whole parts of one song to create another, creating a simple sound, rather than the dense sound of many samples in one song, then used by The Bomb Squad. The "G-funk" style dominated hip-hop from 1992 to 1996, through multi-platinum album releases such as Dr. Dre's "The Chronic" (which contained the global hit "Nuthin' But a "G" Thang", that samples "I Wanna do Somethin' Freaky to You" by Leon Haywood), Snoop Doggy Dogg's "Doggystyle" and 2Pac's "All Eyez on Me". After 1996, Dr. Dre took a whole new direction away from sampling, moving to interpolating songs with the use of live instrumentation, and changing his sound to a much different style, which dominated his second multi-platinum album, 1999's 2001.
The nine piece nu metal band Slipknot has used samples. A notable song where a sample is used is "(sic)." When the song begins with some drumming then leads to an actual sample from the film "Carlito's Way".
Spoken word.
Usually taken from movies, television, or other non-musical media, spoken word samples are often used to create atmosphere, to set a mood, or even comic effect. The American composer Steve Reich used samples from interviews with Holocaust survivors as a source for the melodies on the 1988 album "Different Trains", performed by the Kronos Quartet.
Many genres utilize sampling of spoken word to induce a mood, and Goa trance often employs samples of people speaking about the use of psychoactives, spirituality, or science fiction themes. Industrial is known for samples from horror/sci-fi movies, news broadcasts, propaganda reels, and speeches by political figures. The band Ministry frequently samples George W. Bush. Paul Hardcastle used recordings of a news reporter, as well as a soldier and ambient noise of a protest, in his single "Nineteen," a song about Vietnam war veterans and Posttraumatic stress disorder. The band Negativland samples from practically every form of popular media, ranging from infomercials to children's records. In the song "Civil War", Guns N' Roses samples from the 1967 film "Cool Hand Luke", on the album "Use Your Illusion II". Sludge band Dystopia make frequent use of samples, including news clips and recordings of junkies to create a bleak and nihilistic atmosphere. Other bands that frequently used samples in their work are noise rockers Steel Pole Bath Tub and death metal band Skinless. The American rapper and producer MF Doom frequently uses spoken word samples, taken from anything from old "Spider-Man" and "Fantastic Four" cartoons to Charles Bukowski's "Dinosauria, We" poem. Oasis used a clip from a John Lennon interview for their song "I'm Outta Time". Living Colour samples Malcolm X, John F. Kennedy, and Franklin D. Roosevelt in "Cult of Personality".
Unconventional sounds.
These are not musical in the conventional sense - that is, neither percussive nor melodic - but which are musically useful for their interesting timbres or emotional associations, in the spirit of "musique concrète". Some common examples include sirens and klaxons, locomotive whistles, natural sounds such as whale song, and cooing babies. It is common in theatrical sound design to use this type of sampling to store sound effects that can then be triggered from a musical keyboard or other software. This is very useful for high precision or nonlinear requirements. For example, the English composer Jonathan Harvey sampled a thunderclap for use in his opera, "Wagner Dream".
Legal troubles.
Sampling has been an area of contention from a legal perspective. Early sampling artists simply used portions of other artists' recordings, without permission; once rap and other music incorporating samples began to make significant money, the original artists began to take legal action, claiming copyright infringement. Some sampling artists fought back, claiming their samples were fair use (a legal doctrine in the USA that is "not" universal).

</doc>
<doc id="18935764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935764" title="Aşağı Əndəmic">
Aşağı Əndəmic

Aşağı Əndəmic (also, Aşağı Əndəmiç, Ashagy Andamich, and Ashaga Andamish) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 810. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935786" title="Suramelik">
Suramelik

Suramelik (also, Suramalik) is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18935787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935787" title="Muğancıq Müslüm">
Muğancıq Müslüm

Muğancıq Müslüm (also, Mugandzhik Myuslyum and Mugandzhuk-Muslum) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 728. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935789" title="Dəstə">
Dəstə

Dəstə (also, Dosti, Dasta, Dastak) is a village and the most populous municipality, after the capital Ordubad, in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 4,282. 
History.
During the period of late antiquity, Dəstə, known by the Armenian name of Dasta (Դաստա; also, Dastak, Դաստակ), was an Armenian-populated village in the Kingdom of Armenia and was administratively a part of the province of Vaspurakan's district of Goght'n. In later centuries, its Armenian population emigrated and settled in nearby settlements, especially Agulis and Shusha. 
In the early twentieth century, it had a population of about 1,500, most of whom were Muslims. By 1971, its population had risen to 4,500. 
The remains of two partially destroyed Armenian churches were still preserved at the end of the Soviet period.

</doc>
<doc id="18935792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935792" title="Relentless (1989 film)">
Relentless (1989 film)

Relentless is a 1989 American crime film directed by William Lustig and starring Judd Nelson, Robert Loggia and Leo Rossi. The film follows two LAPD officers on a hunt for an ex-cop turned serial killer.
"Relentless" was the first in a series of four films starring Leo Rossi as detective Sam Dietz trying to stop a serial killer. The three sequels were all filmed and released within three consecutive years from 1992 to 1994.
Plot.
Sam Dietz (Leo Rossi) is a rookie Los Angeles detective recently transferred from New York City. He is paired up with veteran detective Bill Malloy (Robert Loggia) in order to find and stop a serial killer. The killer is Arthur "Buck" Taylor (Judd Nelson), the son of a former LAPD cop whose motive for killing is frustration over not having been accepted to the force and failure in the eyes of his father. Taylor chooses his targets by randomly looking up their names in the phone book and skillfully covering up his tracks by using his skills and knowledge that he learned while on the force. While in pursuit of Taylor, both Dietz and Malloy become his next planned targets for murder.

</doc>
<doc id="18935801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935801" title="2009 Kansas Jayhawks football team">
2009 Kansas Jayhawks football team

The 2009 Kansas Jayhawks football team (variously "Kansas", "KU", or the "Jayhawks") represented the University of Kansas for the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision intercollegiate football season of 2009-2010 which was the school's 120th season. After beginning the season with five victories, the team lost their next seven games to finish the season with a 5–7 overall record (1–7 in the Big 12 Conference). It was the worst overall record since 2004 (when the Jayhawks won just four games) and the worst conference record since their winless 2002 season (in which they could only win two non-conference games).
The poor finish to the season marked the end of an era as head coach Mark Mangino, in his eighth year, resigned under pressure from both an internal investigation into his treatment of players and discontent from the season's results. It was Ed Warinner's third season as offensive coordinator (and fifth year overall). Turner Gill was announced as the new head coach on December 13, 2009.
The Jayhawks played their home games on Kivisto Field at Memorial Stadium in Lawrence, Kansas.
Pre-season.
Coaching changes.
Less than a month after being promoted to defensive coordinator at Louisville Bill Miller resigned and joined the Jayhawks as co-defensive coordinator and linebackers coach, replacing previous linebackers coach Steve Tovar.
Tom Sims replaced Joe Bob Clements, who left for Kansas State, as defensive line coach. Sims spent the last four seasons with Illinois. A few weeks earlier, Kerry Locklin of Fresno State accepted the defensive line coaching job, but subsequently accepted a job with the NFL's New York Jets and Sims was hired instead.
Recruiting.
Following the 2009 signing day, the Jayhawks recruiting class was ranked 31st by Rivals and 50 by Scout. Expand the list below to see the full class.
Watch lists & Pre-season team awards.
Todd Reesing:
Dezmon Briscoe:
Darrell Stuckey:
Jake Sharp:
Kerry Meier:
Jake Laptad:
Roster.
In February, reserve quarterback Tyler Lawrence left the team to graduate early. Running back Sean Ransburg was listed as a transfer at MidAmerica Nazarene University in Olathe. Wide receiver Xavier Rambo is listed as a transfer at Delta State University. Running back Jocques Crawford's transfer to an unnamed school was announced July 24. KU announced Ben Lueken's departure August 6.
Game notes.
Northern Colorado.
Kansas won its first ever match-up against Northern Colorado in convincing fashion as the 25th ranked team in the nation. This was the sixth straight home-opener win for Kansas. It was also a new attendance record with 52,530 fans in attendance.
Senior Quarterback Todd Reesing directed the Kansas offense to success from the start of the game. He threw for 208 yards on 13 attempts and 2 touchdowns. Furthermore, he also ran for 79 yards and scored 2 rushing touchdowns. This was Reesing's most successful game in terms of rushing since the 2007 season. Reesing found numerous opportunities to run as Northern Colorado was preoccupied with slowing Kansas' passing attack. Kansas' passing attack was also hurt by the 1 game suspension of leading wide-receiver Desmond Briscoe. Senior running-back Jake Sharp led Kansas in rushing with 123 yards on 21 caries and 2 touchdowns (1 rushing, 1 receiving). Senior wide-receiver Kerry Meier led the team with 5 receptions for 115 yards.
Freshman running-back Toben Opurum had a notable first game in a Kansas uniform. He ran for 79 yards on 8 caries and scored 2 touchdowns. Backup red-shirt Freshman Quarterback Kale Pick also played his first minutes in a Kansas uniform in the 4th Quarter.
UTEP.
Senior DE Maxwell Onyegbule and the Jayhawk defense set the tone early as the University of Kansas football team rolled past UTEP 34-7 in front of 31,885 fans in the Sun Bowl. Senior QB Todd Reesing guided the offense to over 575 yards of total offense as KU improved to 2-0 for the sixth straight season, while the Miners fell to 0-2.
In the first half alone, Onyegbule had two sacks and four total tackles for loss to lead a defense that finished the half with five sacks, 11 tackles for loss, an interception and a pair of quarterback hurries. UTEP was forced to punt on six of its seven possessions of the half and mustered just three first downs. For the game, the defense held UTEP to just 208 yards and seven first downs. Seven players recorded tackles for losses led by Onyegbule with five. Add to that line six quarterback hurries, three passes broken up and an interception, and it was a good night for the defense in El Paso.
Reesing finished 25-of-41 for 260 yards, one touchdown and one interception. Kansas racked up 576 total yards and outdid the Miners 23-7 on first downs.
The win also improved Mark Mangino's overall record to 47-41 at Kansas which tied him with Glen Mason as the second-winningest coach in school history. A.R. Kennedy owns KU's best coaching record at 52-9-4 from 1904-10.
Duke.
Kansas senior quarterback Todd Reesing threw for 338 yards and three touchdowns and also collected 51 yards on the ground to lead Kansas to a 44-16 win over Duke on a sunny Saturday afternoon at Memorial Stadium. The win improved Kansas to 3-0 on the season, marking the second time in the last three seasons the Jayhawks opened the season with three-consecutive wins. The loss dropped the Blue Devils to 1-2.
Reesing completed 28-of-41 passes against the Blue Devils, including touchdowns to three different receivers. His 338 yards in the air marked his seventh-straight game with 200 or more passing yards and his 14th career 300-yard passing game. Briscoe finished the game with 117 yards receiving, his sixth-straight 100-yard receiving game. He now has nine 100-yard receiving games in his career, the most in KU history.
Senior safety Darrell Stuckey led the Jayhawk defense with a season-high 10 tackles. Freshman linebacker Huldon Tharp recorded a career-high 10 tackles, while junior linebacker Drew Dudley finished with a career-best eight tackles. Sophomore cornerback Daymond Patterson also had eight stops. Senior nickelback Justin Thornton and junior cornerback Chris Harris each added six tackles. KU finished with five sacks on the afternoon, giving the Jayhawks 14 sacks on the season.
Southern Miss.
Senior wide receiver Kerry Meier hauled in 10 passes for a career-high 141 yards and two touchdowns and senior quarterback Todd Reesing passed former Texas quarterback Vince Young for seventh on the All-time Big 12 total yards list as No. 19 Kansas defeated Southern Mississippi 35-28 at Memorial Stadium. The victory improved Kansas to 4-0 on the season, marking the second time in the last three seasons the Jayhawks opened the season with four-consecutive wins. The defeat dropped Southern Mississippi to 3-1 ending the nation's second longest winning streak at eight games.
Reesing completed 30-of-41 passes against the Golden Eagles, including touchdowns to two different receivers. His 331 yards in the air marked his eighth-straight game with 200 or more passing yards and his 15th career 300-yard passing game.
The game was a back-and-forth battle that was tied late in the game when Kansas received ideal field position for the second-straight drive after Darrell Stuckey posted a 50-yard kick return to place the ball at the Southern Miss 40-yard line just before the end of the third quarter. This time the Jayhawks took advantage of the kick return, and Reesing found Meier uncovered for a 12-yard touchdown, his second of the game, to make the score 35-28.
Both teams traded possessions before Kansas' defense forced Southern Mississippi to punt with three minutes remaining. But the Jayhawks couldn't muster a first down, giving the Golden Eagles an opportunity to tie the game. The Jayhawk defense then stepped up to the challenge as junior defensive end Jake Laptad sacked Davis on third down and sophomore cornerback Daymond Patterson batted down two passes to force a turnover on downs and seal the victory.
Iowa State.
Kansas senior wide receiver Kerry Meier set a school record with 16 receptions for 142 yards and two touchdowns, while senior quarterback Todd Reesing tied a school record with 37 completions for a career-high 442 yards and four touchdowns as No. 16 Kansas outlasted Iowa State 41-36. Before a crowd of 48,203 at Kivisto Field at Memorial Stadium, Kansas improves to 5-0 for the second time in three years, and 1-0 in Big 12 Conference play. Iowa State drops to 3-3 overall and 0-2 in league play.
Reesing's main two targets for the afternoon were Meier, with his record-setting 16 receptions and junior wide receiver Dezmon Briscoe, who had 12 catches for 186 yards and two touchdowns. Meier and Briscoe ended the day as KU's career receptions leaders with Meier first at 167 and Briscoe at 165. For Reesing, it was his second 400-yard passing day.
Despite the offensive firepower displayed by the Jayhawks, the team needed a fourth-down stop at its own 31-yard line to solidify the win. Trailing by five with 2:36 remaining in the game, ISU regained possession on its own 34-yard line and marched to the KU 31 before the Jayhawks' defense held fast to produce a turnover on downs. KU defensive back Chris Harris made a huge tackle of Iowa State receiver Jake Williams on second-and-10 and then broke up the third-down pass, resulting in a fourth-and-nine attempt for the Cyclones. On fourth down, pressure forced ISU quarterback Austen Arnuad's pass to sail incomplete.
Colorado.
Despite erasing a 21-point deficit, the University of Kansas football team could not pull off the win as Colorado escaped with a 34-30 victory over the Jayhawks in front of 51,146 fans in Boulder. KU dropped to 5-1 overall and 1-1 in the Big 12, while Colorado improved to 2-4 overall and 1-1 in the league. The lead changed hands twice in the fourth quarter and Kansas had the chance to win on the final play of the game. In the end, it wasn’t meant to be for KU.
KU led 3-0 at the end of the first quarter only to see Colorado score 24 unanswered points. KU closed the gap to 24-10 before the first half ended, but Colorado opened the second half with a 39-yard field goal to extend their lead back to 17 points. Kansas then rallied, dominating on both sides of the ball into the early fourth quarter, scoring 20 straight points to take a 30-27 lead with 12:57 remaining in the game. Not to be outdone, the Buffaloes put together a 10-play, 76-yard touchdown drive to re-take the lead. Kansas had two more chances to score before the game ended, first on a 10-play, 74-yard drive that included a Reesing-to-Meier touchdown pass that would have given the Jayhawks the lead, only it was nullified due to an offensive pass interference call. Ultimately the Jayhawks turned the ball over on downs. They managed to force a Colorado punt and take one final possession with 24 seconds left in the game, but a heavily covered Dezmon Briscoe could not hold on to a Reesing pass in the end zone as time expired. As the game went final, the Colorado fans stormed the field.
Oklahoma.
Despite holding Oklahoma to just 337 yards of total offense - nearly 100 yards below the Sooners' season average - the Jayhawks suffered a 35-13 loss to OU at Kivisto Field at Memorial Stadium. The Jayhawks dropped to 5-2 overall and 1-2 in the Big 12, while the Sooners improved to 4-3 and 2-2 in league play.
Kansas quarterback Todd Reesing threw for 224 yards, but his three first-half interceptions put the Jayhawks behind 14-0 early, one of OU's touchdowns coming on an 85-yard interception return for a touchdown by Dominique Franks as Kansas was driving deep into Oklahoma territory. Kansas answered with a pair of field goals by junior kicker Jacob Branstetter, including a career-long 57-yarder just before the end of the half, but despite cutting the deficit to a single possession, the Jayhawks could not contain the Oklahoma offense in the third quarter. The Sooners opened the second half with a nine-play, 75-yard drive that culminated with a nine-yard touchdown pass from Landry Jones to senior wide receiver Adron Tennell to give the Sooners a 21-6 advantage. OU extended its lead to 28-6 on its next possession, as Chris Brown hauled in an eight-yard TD pass from Jones. After another Brown touchdown made it 35-6, the Jayhawks scored their only touchdown of the game late in fourth quarter on a run by Reesing.
Texas Tech.
Four turnovers resulting in 28 Texas Tech points spoiled any chance of the University of Kansas football team picking up its sixth win as the Jayhawks fell to the Red Raiders 42-21 in front of 47,291 fans in Jones AT&T Stadium. Kansas fell to 5-3 overall while Texas Tech improved to 6-3 (3-2 Big 12). With four league games still left, KU dropped to 1-3 in the Big 12.
The first half of the game was an unexpected defensive struggle. At halftime, the teams entered the locker room tied at 14, with Texas Tech outgaining Kansas 127 yards to 106 in the half. Kansas' two first half touchdowns each came after forced fumbles, while Texas Tech was also able to capitalize off of a Kansas turnover deep in KU territory.
KU took the lead 21-14 in the closing seconds of the third quarter after orchestrating an impressive 10-play, 81-yard drive. Kansas quarterback Todd Reesing connected with Dezmon Briscoe three times on the drive including a touchdown pass from six yards out. On the play, Reesing twisted around to avoid a sack before finding Briscoe wide open in the endzone. The hookup from Reesing to Briscoe was the 26th time the pair found each other for a touchdown in their careers. No other active tandem in college football has as many touchdowns.
Texas Tech responded immediately, tying the game on 80-yard drive capped off by a one-yard touchdown run by Baron Batch. Kansas could not respond, fumbling they ball three times in their next four possessions, each inside their own 30-yard line. Texas Tech capitalized each time, returning one of the fumbles for a touchdown and scoring two other touchdowns on short drives to result in the 42-21 final score.
Kansas State.
Despite a combined 168 yards receiving for KU senior Kerry Meier and junior Dezmon Briscoe, Kansas fell to Sunflower Showdown rival Kansas State, 17-10, at Bill Snyder Family Stadium. After starting the season with five consecutive wins, the Jayhawks dropped to 5-4 overall and 1-4 in the Big 12. K-State improves to 6-4 overall and 4-2 in conference play.
Kansas quarterback Todd Reesing racked up 266 yards, including 241 through the air, but committed three costly turnovers. The 10 points scored by the Kansas offense was a season low. Reesing completed 27-of-41 passes for 241 yards and a touchdown, while Meier led the receiving corps with eight catches for 92 yards. Senior running back Jake Sharp gained 35 yards on 11 carries, while Reesing ran eight times for 25 yards. Kansas freshmen Huldon Tharp and Lubbock Smith led the defense with nine tackles a piece, while Darrell Stuckey and Drew Dudley chipped in six.
Nebraska.
After a low scoring three quarters, a fourth-quarter scoring flurry led to a 31-17 Nebraska victory against Kansas on Senior Day at Kivisto Field at Memorial Stadium. The loss dropped KU to 5-5 overall and 1-5 in Big 12 Conference action.
Kansas senior quarterback Todd Reesing found junior wide receiver Dezmon Briscoe wide open in the middle of the field and Briscoe ran it in for the score from 21 yards out to give Kansas its first lead of the day at 17-16 with 7:34 left to play. The Jayhawks' scoring drive amassed 89 yards on 10 plays capped by KU's first passing touchdown of the day.
Nebraska did not trail for long though. After a 44-yard kick-off return by Niles Paul, Nebraska quickly responded as Helu punched it in from 20 yards out just over a minute later. Nebraska quarterback Zac Lee then found Paul for the two-point conversion to push the `Huskers back into the lead at 24-17 with just over six minutes remaining. After a KU punt, Nebraska took possession with 5:20 remaining on the game clock and burned nearly all of that with a 10-play, 74-yard drive capped by another Helu touchdown run that gave the Cornhuskers a two-touchdown lead with only 23 seconds left in the game.
Reesing finished the game 19-of-41 passing for 236 yards and one touchdown. He also turned in 42 yards rushing and a second touchdown. Kerry Meier led the Jayhawks in receiving with 10 catches for 127 yards, while Briscoe had four catches for 77 yards and a TD. Freshman running back Toben Opurum recorded 43 yards on the ground on 15 carries.
Texas.
Despite 245 all-purpose yards from junior Dezmon Briscoe, the Kansas football team could not keep up with the high-powered Texas offense as the No. 3 Longhorns defeated the Jayhawks 51-20 before a sellout crowd of 101,357 at Texas Memorial Stadium. Kansas dropped to 5-6 on the season, including 1-6 in Big 12 play. Texas improved to 11-0 on the season and 7-0 in conference play. The Longhorns’ win secured them the Big 12 South title.
For the game, Texas rolled up 532 yards total offense, while Kansas had 303 yards. Playing in his hometown of Austin, Texas, KU quarterback Todd Reesing ended the game 25 for 39 for 256 yards. Briscoe had five catches for 101 yards, while senior Kerry Meier had a team-high nine receptions 46 yards. Briscoe returned three kickoffs 144 yards, including a 98-yarder for a touchdown in the third quarter to make the score 44-20.
Colt McCoy led the Longhorns’ offensive charge by completing 32 passes on 41 attempts for 396 yards and four touchdowns. UT wide receiver James Kirkendoll had eight catches for 86 yards and two touchdowns, while senior Jordan Shipley had 10 receptions for 108 yards and one score.
Missouri.
Despite a record-breaking day for senior quarterback Todd Reesing, Kansas fell to Missouri 41-39 after Reesing was sacked in the final seconds of the annual Border War game at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City. Reesing set a school record for passing yards in a single game with 498 and tied his own school record for completions in a game with 37. Kansas concluded its 2009 season at 5-7 overall and 1-7 in the Big 12, while Missouri improved to 8-4 overall and 4-4 in league play.
The 118th edition of the Border War was a hard-fought battle, with the winner determined in the final seconds as MU kicker Grant Ressel hit a 27-yard field goal as time expired.
Awards and honors.
Drew Dudley
Maxwell Onyegbule
Todd Reesing
Alonso Rojas
Darrell Stuckey
Dezmon Briscoe
Kerry Meier
Tanner Hawkinson
Jake Laptad

</doc>
<doc id="18935810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935810" title="Do It (album)">
Do It (album)

Do It is the first EP after the first full-length album Life Time from Rollins Band, fronted by ex-Black Flag singer, Henry Rollins.
Do It was originally released in 1987 and included three studio recordings (1-3) and 6 live tracks recorded in Deventer, the Netherlands October 22, 1987 (5-10). The three studio tracks are Pink Fairies, Velvet Underground and Louis Prima & Sam Butera covers, produced by Ian MacKaye, well known in the genre of hardcore punk for his work with Minor Threat and as co-owner of the Dischord record label.
The record was subsequently re-mastered and re-released in 2007 with additional live tracks from the Fall 1987 Tour. These include the addition of the introductory track titled "Joe Is Everything, Everything Is Joe" (which refers to Rollins' roommate Joe Cole), two live tracks from Kortrijk, Belgium (11-12), two live tracks from London, England (13-14) and the final track from Ravensburg, Germany (15). Six more tracks from the same tour can be found on the rare Split Live LP with the Dutch noise band Gore from a show recorded at El Mocambo in Toronto, Ontario on May 17, 1987. The three studio tracks were also included in the re-mastered package of the "Life Time" album.

</doc>
<doc id="18935824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935824" title="Ryan Long">
Ryan Long

Ryan Marcus Long (born February 3, 1973) is a former Major League Baseball player. Long played for the Kansas City Royals in the season. In six games, Long had twi hits in nine at-bats, with two RBIs. He played right field, and batted and threw right-handed. He was drafted by the Royals in the second round of the 1991 amateur draft. Although he played in only six games for the Royals, Long spentten seasons playing at various levels in the minor leagues. While playing baseball for Dobie High School, in Texas, Long and the Longhorns lost a playoff game against a team that featured furture New York Yankee, Andy Pettitte.
Long is currently a hitting coach for the Pittsburgh Pirates' Double-A affiliate, the Altoona Curve. He previously served as a hitting coach for the Bradenton Marauders in the Florida State League, the Pirates High-A affiliate and the Burlington Bees, the Midwest League affiliate for the Royals.

</doc>
<doc id="18935828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935828" title="Azadkənd, Nakhchivan">
Azadkənd, Nakhchivan

Azadkənd (until 2003, Aşağı Aza and Ashagy Aza "Lower Aza") is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,096. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935831" title="Aşağı Əylis">
Aşağı Əylis

Aşağı Əylis (also, Nerkin Agulis, Agoulis, Akulisy, Ashaga-Aylis, and Ashagy Aylis) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 992.
History.
In the 19th century, Nerkin ("Lower") Agulis, together with the adjoining Verin ("Upper") Agulis, was the largest Armenian settlement in the Nakhichevan uyezd, with numerous churches and monasteries.

</doc>
<doc id="18935833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935833" title="Yuxarı Əndəmic">
Yuxarı Əndəmic

Yuxarı Əndəmic (also, Yuxarı Əndəmiç, Yuxarı Əndəli, Yukhari Andamish, and Yukhary Andamich) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. As of 2010 It has a population of 967. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935837" title="Naken, blästrad och skitsur">
Naken, blästrad och skitsur

Naken, blästrad och skitsur is the first album by the Swedish hardcore band LOK.

</doc>
<doc id="18935839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935839" title="Aza, Azerbaijan">
Aza, Azerbaijan

Aza (until 2003, Yuxarı Aza, Jukhary Aza, Yukary-Aza, and Yukhary Aza "Upper Aza") is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 407. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935845" title="Vənənd">
Vənənd

Vənənd (; also, Venend) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,337. The municipality consists of the villages of Vənənd and Çapayevka.
History.
The canyon has settles by Armenian population since immemorial times. There settles about 14-15 large and small villages. Ruins of numerous architectural structures prove the fact of developed life yet in the period before Christ.

</doc>
<doc id="18935851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935851" title="Sanseirui">
Sanseirui

Sanseirui (or Sanseiryu or Sandairyu) is a karate kata of Southern Chinese (Fujianese) origin. The name literally means "thirty-six" (steps, or positions of attack and defense) . 
Versions of it are found in several karate styles, including Goju-ryu, but it is most associated with Uechi-ryu and the related system Shohei-ryu.

</doc>
<doc id="18935852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935852" title="Gənzə, Nakhchivan">
Gənzə, Nakhchivan

Gənzə (also, Kənzə and Kyanza) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,360. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935855" title="Yuxarı Əylis">
Yuxarı Əylis

Yuxarı-Aylis (; , "Verin Agulis") is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,906.
History.
Yuxarı-Aylis was first mentioned in historical sources in the 11th century under the Armenian name "Argulik.'" Its Armenian population specialized in the production of handicraft and sericulture and in the sixteenth century, numerous sources spoke of it as a thriving town that maintained strong commercial links with India, Russia, Safavid Persia and Western Europe.
In the 18th century, Agulis had its own schools, a library, a silkworm factory, a large market. The town itself was enclosed by walls and surrounded by orchards and vineyards. Its Armenian population at the time was recorded at 8,000 households. In 1752, the town was captured and subjected to a heavy sack by the armies of Azat Khan, the ruler of Āzarbāijān. The town was incorporated into the Russian Empire in 1828, following the Russo-Persian War. By 1897, when a census was carried out by the Russian government, Agulis' population had dropped to 1,670.
In the 19th century, Verin ("Upper") Agulis, together with the adjoining Nerkin ("Lower") Agulis, was a major Armenian settlement in the Nakhichevan "uyezd", with twelve churches and monasteries. The most important church was the St. Thomas the Apostle Monastery, whose date has not been recorded, although inscriptions mention that it was restored in 1694. The monastery was also once a major center for learning, producing a number of prominent intellectuals including Zak'aria Aguletsi, A. Araskhanyan, A. K'alant'ar and L. Manvelyan.
Destruction.
In the spring of 1919, the Democratic Republic of Armenia extended administrative control over the region of Sharur-Nakhichevan, with Agulis being made the center for the subregion of Goghtan. But in the summer of the year, a Muslim insurgency broke out against Armenian rule, and in August the region came under the control of the newly appointed commissar of Ordubad, Abbas Guli Bey Tairov. Agulis pledged its loyalty to Tairov, although in the following months, its inhabitants faced a growing food crisis and were not allowed to leave the town. The plight of its inhabitants worsened when, in November of that year, the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic unsuccessfully attempted to wrest the region of Zangezur from Armenian control.
On December 17–18, a frenzied mob made up of Muslims, including refugees fleeing from the fighting in Zangezur, made its way to Lower Agulis and began to attack its Armenian inhabitants, forcing them to retreat to the upper town. On December 24, the mob, joined by the local Azerbaijani gendarmerie, entered Upper Agulis and started to pillage the town. They then proceeded to massacre its Armenian population, leaving Upper Agulis in smoldering ruins the next day. According to figures provided by the Armenian government, up to 400 Armenians were killed in Lower Agulis and up to 1,000 in Upper Agulis.
The town was partially rebuilt during the Soviet period.
Cultural references.
The 1919 destruction of Agulis is referred to in the controversial 2012 novella "Stone Dreams" by Azerbaijani writer Akram Aylisli. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935858" title="Nüsnüs">
Nüsnüs

Nüsnüs (; also, Nyusnyus) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,892. 
History.
One of the lest investigated places in Nakhichevan. Nunis was famous for St. Gevorg church, supposedly built in 12-13th centuries and had a number of acolytes. According to the dates on the graves the village population left the village in 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18935863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935863" title="Düylün">
Düylün

Düylün (also, Dyuglyun and Dyuylyun) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 787. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935866" title="Qoruqlar">
Qoruqlar

Qoruqlar (also, Qoruglar, Korukhlar, and Koruklyar) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 183. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935868" title="Anaqut">
Anaqut

Anaqut (also, Danaqırt, Danagyrt, and Tanagirt) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 432. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935870" title="Baş Dizə">
Baş Dizə

Baş Dizə (also, Bashdiza) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 483. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935871" title="Wilfrid Desan">
Wilfrid Desan

Wilfrid Desan (1908–2001) was a professor in philosophy best known for introducing French existentialism and especially the thought of Jean-Paul Sartre to the United States. He was a native of Belgium who emigrated to the United States in 1948, where he gained a doctorate from Harvard University in 1951 and met his wife Elisabeth. In 1952, he gained a lectureship at the philosophy department of Kenyon College. In 1957, he joined Georgetown University where he remained for the rest of his academic career and where he enjoyed a good reputation as teacher and a clear writer. He also had appointments as Distinguished Visiting Professor at Villanova University and Visiting Professor at George Mason University. He developed his own noetic philosophy in his three-volume work "The Planetary Man", a prescient, pioneering vision of globalisation unifying the world's peoples.
Planetary philosophy.
Desan argues that as unique individuals we originate as parts of a larger whole, which he calls the "totum", and we are destined to return to this "totum" through meaningful "dialogue", which the whole enables. Individuals may be unique or unequal, but that does not necessarily have to be the cause of serious conflict among persons or nations. Precisely because of their differences, they can complement each other. 
Each person or nation by itself is considered incomplete (fragmented) in being and in knowledge, and each approaches reality subjectively from a specific angle. Therefore, each can only arrive at "partial" truths on their own. If true and universal objectivity is to be achieved at the level of noesis, Desan argues that then we must "cooperate", in particular by acquiring a globalising viewpoint which transcends our own limited and incomplete understandings, and in this way become "planetary persons" who, realizing the limits of the "angular visions" of each, reach insight in the "totum" to ensure its survival, considered as the highest good. 
The truly "planetary person" is regarded in Desan's philosophy as a saint, and as a diplomat or cosmopolite. For Desan, the planetary person is the savior of the "totum" because God's work, assuming the divine truly exists, is in fact our own work, and therefore "salvation" (in the secular sense of survival) must be ensured through practical human efforts made toward planetary unification. Using the techniques of phenomenology, he examines the forms and characteristics of the new awareness and the ways of relating that will be required of human beings in a global environment.
Desan's philosophy is deeply committed to the inviolability of the individual, and borrows, articulates or integrates concepts from theology, anthropology and ethics. But his philosophy can be considered as being essentially a hopeful humanism, envisaging the possibility of human beings attaining a higher level of consciousness through their own efforts, adequate to ensure the future of the species. It draws on insights from Continental philosophy and Anglo-Saxon philosophy in a way which intends to overcome some deficiencies of previous liberal, socialist and other emancipatory philosophies, thus doing more justice to the complexity of human situations and the intersubjective meanings which people attach to their actions.
Quotation.
"Only those who are genuinely able to rise above their own self-interest will ultimately command the respect of others. They will be revered as leaders. These are the people whose motives are believed in, who are admired and followed." — Wilfrid Desan, "The Planetary Man" (New York: Macmillan, 1972), 379.

</doc>
<doc id="18935872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935872" title="Dırnıs">
Dırnıs

Dırnıs (also, Dyrnys) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,467.

</doc>
<doc id="18935874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935874" title="Kələki">
Kələki

Kələki (, "K'aghak'ik; also, Kalakik and Kyalaki) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 470.
History.
The village had numerous 2-floor houses, which served as country homes. According to legend the village was founded by wealthy men from Agulis. The main church merits mention: according to the dates on the church it was either built or reconstructed in 1441.

</doc>
<doc id="18935876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935876" title="Gilançay">
Gilançay

Gilançay (also, Gilanchay and Kilyanchay) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 286.

</doc>
<doc id="18935880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935880" title="Çənnəb">
Çənnəb

Çənnəb (also, Çənənəb, Chananab, Tsagna) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 507.

</doc>
<doc id="18935884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935884" title="Üstüpü">
Üstüpü

Üstüpü (also, Ustupu and Ustupi) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,195.

</doc>
<doc id="18935886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935886" title="Pəzməri">
Pəzməri

Pəzməri (, "Bazmari"; also, Pazmari and Pazmara) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 158.
Not far from the village St. Khach (Cross) monastery was located, where currently only the church has remained. Written sources claim the monastery was built before the 12th century, was several times reconstructed, and has been considered one of main places of pilgrimage.

</doc>
<doc id="18935891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935891" title="Məzrə, Ordubad">
Məzrə, Ordubad

Məzrə (also, Mazrya) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 139. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935892" title="Unraveller">
Unraveller

Unraveller or Unraveler may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18935894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935894" title="Urmis">
Urmis

Urmis (also, Urumys) is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18935908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935908" title="7th Maine Volunteer Infantry Regiment">
7th Maine Volunteer Infantry Regiment

The 7th Regiment Maine Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. It participated in most of the campaigns and battles of the Army of the Potomac in the Eastern Theater.
Service.
The 7th Maine was organized at Augusta, Maine, and mustered into Federal service for a three-year enlistment on August 21, 1861. After organization and training, the regiment left the state for Baltimore, Maryland, on August 23. Subsequently, it was attached to Dix's Division and assigned to duty in the city until October 25, 1861. The 7th was then assigned to Davidson's Brigade, W. F. Smith's Division, Army of the Potomac, until March 1862. It moved to Washington, D.C. and was on duty at Georgetown Heights until November 7. From there, the 7th camped at Lewinsville, Virginia, until March 1862. It was then part of the brigade's advance on Manassas, Virginia, from March 10–15. 
The regiment was then assigned to the 3rd Brigade, 2nd Division, 4th Army Corps, Army of the Potomac, to May 1862. It subsequently returned to Alexandria, Virginia, and thence moved to Fort Monroe on March 23–24. It took part in the brigade's reconnaissance to Watt's Creek from March 27–31.
The 7th was reassigned to the 3rd Brigade, 2nd Division, 6th Army Corps. In the spring and early summer of 1862, the regiment participated in Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan's Peninsula Campaign. Specific engagements included the following:
With the end of the unsuccessful campaign, the 7th remained stationary at Harrison's Landing until August 15, when it moved to Fort Monroe. Subsequently, it was stationed at Centreville, Virginia, until August 31. Although it did not directly participate in the Second Battle of Manassas, the 7th assisted in checking Pope's rout at Bull Run on August 30 and covered the army's retreat to Fairfax Court House on September 1. The 7th then took part in McClellan's Maryland Campaign that September and October, seeing action in the Battle of Crampton's Gap on South Mountain on September 14. It also was present for the Battle of Antietam on September 17. 
Their ranks thinned by the almost continuous campaigning, the 7th Maine was ordered home to recruit fresh troops in October. It remained in Portland, Maine, until January 21, 1863, when it was transported back to Northern Virginia. The 7th joined its brigade and division at White Oak Church on January 25. It then took part in the operations at Franklin's Crossing from April 29-May 2 during the Chancellorsville Campaign. It was part of the successful attack on Maryes Heights during the Second Battle of Fredericksburg on May 3 and the fight at Salem Church on May 3–4. The 7th participated in the great Battle of Gettysburg on July 2–4, and engaged the Confederates several times during their subsequent retreat to Virginia (actions were at Fairfield July 5 and near Funkstown, Maryland, on July 10–13). During the autumn, the regiment was involved in the Bristoe Campaign from October 9–22 and the Battle of Rappahannock Station on November 7. It then participated in the Mine Run Campaign from November 26-December 2. 
After spending the winter stationary in its camp in Virginia, the 7th was part of Ulysses S. Grant's Overland Campaign from the Rapidan River to the James River between May 3-June 15, 1864. it fought in the Battle of the Wilderness May 5–7; Spotsylvania May 8–12 (including attacking the "Bloody Angle" on May 12). It was then part of the action along the North Anna River May 23–26 and was on the Federal line along the Pamunkey from May 26–28. Other actions included Totopotomoy May 28–31, Cold Harbor June 1–12, and the Siege of Petersburg from June 17-July 9, as well as the Battle of Jerusalem Plank Road on June 22–23. The Maine boys then moved to Washington, D.C., July 9–11 and helped repulse Jubal A. Early's attack on Washington on July 11–12. They were then a part of Philip H. Sheridan's Shenandoah Valley Campaign from August 7–21.
The regiment was mustered out at Charlestown, Virginia, on August 21, 1864. The veterans whose enlistments had not yet expired and the recent recruits were transferred to the 1st Maine Veteran Infantry. Those men whose term was over returned home to Maine via train.
Total strength and casualties.
1,505 men served in the 7th Maine Infantry Regiment at one point or another during its service. Of these. 152 were killed in action or died of their wounds; 403 men were wounded; another 212 died of various diseases while in the service, and 19 men perished in Confederate prisoner-of-war camps.

</doc>
<doc id="18935909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935909" title="The Human Comedy">
The Human Comedy

The Human Comedy can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18935918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935918" title="Behrud">
Behrud

Behrud (; also, Bakhrud and Begryut) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 520. 
History.
It was located on trade routes and prospered in Middle-Ages. Currently only the ruins of a church and a bridge has remained.
In Persian Beh and rud,In Azerbaijanian Bey yurdu.
References.
In Azerbaijanian Bey yurdu

</doc>
<doc id="18935920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935920" title="Biləv">
Biləv

Biləv (also, Bilyav) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,197. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935923" title="Joan Kennedy (musician)">
Joan Kennedy (musician)

Joan Kennedy (born in Douglas, New Brunswick, Canada) is a female country music singer. She came to fame after winning the Canadian National Talent Contest in 1983 and issued her first album, "I'm a Big Girl Now", the following year in 1984. After two more albums in 1985 and 1987, she signed with MCA Records and issued two albums, 1990's "Candle in the Window" and 1992's "Higher Ground". In 2000, Kennedy released "A Dozen Red Roses", a greatest hits album. During the early 90's, she had her own syndicated weekly television show in Canada. She now resides in Portland, Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="18935925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935925" title="Camaldın">
Camaldın

Camaldın (also, Camaldin and Dzhamaldin) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,344. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935929" title="Parağaçay">
Parağaçay

Parağaçay (also, Paragachay) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 88. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935931" title="Ağdərə, Nakhchivan">
Ağdərə, Nakhchivan

Ağdərə (also, Agdere) is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18935935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935935" title="Nehrəm">
Nehrəm

Nehrəm (also, Negram) is a village and the most populous municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 12,140. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935938" title="Qızılca, Nakhchivan">
Qızılca, Nakhchivan

Qızılca (also, Kizildzha and Kyzyldzha) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 435. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935939" title="Ilya Proskuryakov">
Ilya Proskuryakov

Ilya Proskuryakov (; born February 21, 1987) is a goaltender currently playing for Metallurg Magnitogorsk in the Kontinental Hockey League.
Playing career.
Ilya Proskuryakov began his professional career in 2003, playing with Metallurg-2 Magnitogorsk of the Russian Hockey First League (Pervaya Liga). At just 18 years of age, Proskuryakov made his debut for parent team Metallurg Magnitogorskof the Russian Superleague.
Proskuryakov amassed less than 463 minutes within the Superleague over the next four years, but after Metallurg starter Andrei Mezin became injured in 2009, Proskuryakov rocketed up the charts as one of the brightest KHL rookies.
In late January, 2009, Proskuryakov played one of his greatest games yet, earning a 2-0 win for his team, and stopping 26 saves for the shutout. Proskuryakov's night did not end there though as he became the first netminder to score a goal in a KHL game, when he added an empty net goal with 15 seconds left in the game.

</doc>
<doc id="18935944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935944" title="Gal, Azerbaijan">
Gal, Azerbaijan

Gal (also, Qal, Gyal, Gagh) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 128. The village had a large, 19th century, Armenian church that was standing derelict in the 1980s but which is now destroyed. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935946" title="Çeşməbasar">
Çeşməbasar

Çeşməbasar (also, Cheshmabasar) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 896. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935949" title="Güznüt">
Güznüt

Güznüt (also, Gyuznyut, Kuznut, and Kyuznut) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,529. Güznüt is the birthplace of Armenian commander Garegin Nzhdeh.

</doc>
<doc id="18935952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935952" title="Əbrəqunus">
Əbrəqunus

Əbrəqunus (also, Əbrəqunis, Əbrəkunis, and Abrakunis) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,958. 
History.
A legend connects the settlement's name to an Armenian patriarch named Arbak. An Armenian monastery named St. Karapet was located in Abrakunis. It stood intact but derelict until shortly before 2005, when it was demolished and entirely destroyed. The main church of the monastery was built in 1381 over the ruins of an older church. Internally, it was a domed basilica with four piers. The lower parts of the church were built of cut stone, but the dome and its tall drum were of brick and from a later repair. The interior had some Persian-style frescoes from the 1740s. On the exterior walls were various relief carvings – crosses, eagles, etc. Beside the south wall was a second church: a small chapel dedicated to St. Stephanos. In 1705 a bell tower was added to the roof of this chapel. The monastery had a fortified enclosure wall made of mud brick. Beside the entrance to the church was a khachkar with an inscription dated 1074.

</doc>
<doc id="18935955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935955" title="Bənəniyar">
Bənəniyar

Bənəniyar (also, Bənənyar and Bananiyar) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 6,000. 

</doc>
<doc id="18935956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935956" title="Take My Life, Please">
Take My Life, Please

"Take My Life, Please" is the tenth episode of the twentieth season of "The Simpsons". It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 15, 2009. In the episode, Homer finds out that the class presidential election he lost in high school was rigged, and he gets the opportunity to find out what his life would have been like if he had become class president.
The episode was written by Don Payne and directed by Steven Dean Moore. It was the first episode of "The Simpsons" to air in 1080i high-definition television. It was also the first episode to use the new HD opening sequence. Since airing, the episode has received mixed reviews from television critics. 6.82 million people watched the episode, and coupled with an episode of "King of the Hill", it won its hour in the 18-49 demographic.
Plot.
A man named Vance Connor is inducted into the Springfield Wall of Fame, and Homer recounts how he ran against Vance for class president in high school and lost. Later, at Moe's Tavern, Carl and Lenny confess to Homer that his old high school principal had ordered them to bury the ballot box containing the votes to the election. After they dig up the ballot box, Lisa counts the votes, and Homer is shocked to see that the votes put him as the winner. Outraged, he meets his old principal in a retirement center, who explains why he had to hide the ballot box: two students had talked their classmates into voting for Homer so that, after he had won, they could laugh at him all the way through high school.
The Simpsons later have dinner at Luigi's Restaurant, where Homer remains miserable. Luigi Risotto introduces him to his saucier, who he claims can tell what someone's life could have been like by stirring tomato sauce in a certain way. By using his magical tomato sauce, he helps Homer see what his life would have been like if he had won the election: Homer would have been rich, he would have had a better position at the nuclear plant, would have lived in a mansion on the site where the Flanders now live and would not be bald. Marge would have been better-looking, and the kids would not have been born because Homer would have remembered to use protection before sex (apparently, Marge is confused by this). 
During that time, she tries to convince Homer that it was the one thing that was missing because their lives would be miserable without Bart, Lisa and Maggie. He proved to be more unconvinced and more depressed after seeing that his life would have been a lot better if he had won, even leaping into the pot to try to "live in the sauce". The saucier bashes him with a spoon and gets him out. Marge convinces him to take a walk with her to the Springfield Wall of Fame. Eventually, he agrees and learns that his name has been put up. A boy then has his picture taken with him. Homer, now much happier, goes to a Korean restaurant that Bart says 'sells beef that spells the date of your death.
Production.
"Take My Life, Please" was written by Don Payne and directed by Steven Dean Moore. It was the first episode of "The Simpsons" to air in 720p high-definition television, though not the first time "The Simpsons" appeared in high-definition, as "The Simpsons Movie" was rendered in HD. With the new broadcasting system came a new opening sequence. It was the first major permanent change to the show's introduction since the opening added in season 2; previous changes have included variations in the duration of the intro, and special one-shot introductions for the "Treehouse of Horror" Halloween episodes, as well as a handful of others. This new intro also includes some 3D animation when the camera pans over Springfield. "The Simpsons" creator Matt Groening told the "New York Post": "The clouds at the very beginning of the main title were always unsatisfying to me. My original direction to the animators was to make the clouds as realistic as possible, and as we go through the clouds we enter this cartoon universe of "The Simpsons". Finally, after a couple of decades, they've gotten closer to what I had in my mind. Not perfect, but better."
Cultural references.
When Marge takes Homer to the wall of fame for the second time, Homer says, "Is that why you brought me here, spirits?", a reference to Charles Dickens' novel "A Christmas Carol". In the class presidential election at least one vote is shown to have been cast for Fonzie, a character from the sitcom "Happy Days", while Homer fails to understand that Bruce Wayne is the true identity of the superhero Batman. Additionally, Homer's election poster claims he is endorsed by the films "Star Wars" and "Jaws" and sees him hugging Darth Vader and the shark respectively from each. During the episode's couch gag, the Simpsons chase the couch through the streets of San Francisco, mirroring the car chase in the 1968 film "Bullitt".
The songs "Rock the Boat" by the Hues Corporation and "Jive Talkin'" by the Bee Gees are played in the episode, while he selects "Colour My World" by Chicago as the class song.
Reception.
6.82 million people watched the episode. Coupled with that night's episode of "King of the Hill", it won its hour in the 18-49 demographic. Since airing, the episode has received mixed reviews from television critics. Rene Rosa of UGO wrote: "When the self-referential jokes about the episode’s switch to HD were the things that made me laugh the most, and they last only a few seconds, I realized something was not good. This may be 'The Sharpest. Episode. Ever.' but is definitely not the funniest. Still, there are some genuinely endearing bitter-sweet moments in the episode, [...] but still it’s not enough to drive the show into the un-chartable funny waters that it used to live in." Steve Heisler of "The A.V. Club" wrote: "If it seems like there's a lot going on, that's because there is. The episode could have easily been just one thing—Homer deals with his Vance inferiority complex, or he sets out to discover the truth of the election from the former principal, or it could have been entirely a flashback episode. But instead, The Simpsons tries to do all three, one for each commercial break. The show has been around for 20 years; I would imagine that there would be plenty to mine from digging deep into a simpler story line for 19 minutes. Instead, 'Take My Life, Please' crushes under the weight of its bloated plot—not to mention that the overexplanation of jokes wasn't helping matters."
IGN's Robert Canning thought it was a fun episode, and said that it "helped that the major flashbacks involved took place in a fantasy world as to not effect the whole of the show. But even in those flashbacks, the jokes stayed true to what we know of the series. Add to that the great new look of the series and you get a memorable episode from season twenty of The Simpsons." Erich Asperschlager of TV Verdict said he had always liked flashback and alternate future episodes, and he thought "Take My Life, Please" put them together in a "clever way". He added: "Maybe it’s all the shiny newness, but I thought this was one of the best episodes this season. It took full advantage of the new widescreen format to cram in a ton of background detail and blink-and-you’ll-miss-’em jokes. The finale dragged a bit, and they could have spent more time with the surreality of Homer’s almost-the-same alternate past, but those are minor quibbles."
Don Payne has been nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award in the Animation category in 2010 for writing the episode (alongside other Simpsons episodes "The Burns and the Bees", "Eeny Teeny Maya, Moe", "Gone Maggie Gone" and "Wedding for Disaster") but lost to "Wedding for Disaster".

</doc>
<doc id="18935957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935957" title="Şurud">
Şurud

Şurud (also, Şurut, Shurud, and Shurut) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 174. 
History.
Shurut was a small Armenian town during the late medieval period, with churches, schools, monasteries, scriptoriums, and a population of several tens of thousands. 
In the 1980s there were four Armenian churches still standing in Shurut: the St. Stephanos and the St. Grigor Lusavorich churches, an isolated church known as Kusanants or St. Astvatsatsin, and the village's main church called St. Hakob-Hayrapet. The St. Hakob-Hayrapet church was located in the middle of Shurut. It was from the 12th century, but partly rebuilt in the 17th century. It was one of the most impressive churches in the Nakhchivan region: a massive structure with a basilica plan and a tall dome with a polygonal drum. All of the Shurut churches were demolished shortly before 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18935982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935982" title="Neofit Bozveli">
Neofit Bozveli

Neofit Bozveli () (c. 1785 – 4 June 1848) was a Bulgarian cleric and enlightener and one of the leaders of the Bulgarian Church struggle.
Born in the lively sub-Balkan town of Kotel, Bozveli completed his basic education there and may well have been a student of Sophronius of Vratsa. He continued his education afterwards, then joined the Hilandar monastery on Mount Athos as a monk around 1803-1805. Towards 1813-1814 he settled in Svishtov, where he worked as an Eastern Orthodox priest and a teacher and began his enlightening activity by writing the "Slavenobolgarskoe Detevodstvo" pedagogical textbook in 1835. In this book, Bozveli spoke for secular education, for the enforcement of spoken Bulgarian in the schools and for the establishment of public Bulgarian schools.
Around 1834-1835, Bozveli lived in the Principality of Serbia in order to print his textbook. In Serbia, he got acquainted with the ideas of earlier Serbian enlighteners such as Dositej Obradović and Zaharije Orfelin. As he returned to Bulgaria, he actively promoted the idea of an independent Bulgarian Orthodox Church. He moved to the Ottoman capital Constantinople in 1839 to head the struggle of the Bulgarian merchants and craftsmen against the Greek-dominated Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople. The construction of the Bulgarian church in Constantinople and the establishment of the Bulgarian municipality in the city began on his initiative.
However, his patriotic acts were perceived as dangerous by the Patriarchate and he was exiled on Mount Athos in 1841 only to escape and return in 1844, where he continued the struggle together with his active and younger supporter Ilarion Makariopolski. In 1845, they were granted the rights to represent the Constantinople Bulgarians before the Ottoman government and the Patriarchate. In the same year, they sent two petitions to the Ottoman government, explaining the Bulgarian church demands. This caused the strong protest of the Patriarchate and the both were exiled again on Mount Athos, where Bozveli spent his last years in the Hilandar monastery. The church struggle was continued by Makariopolski and brought to a successful end with the establishment of the Bulgarian Exarchate on 28 February 1870 by the firman of Sultan Abdülaziz.
As a writer, Bozveli was the author of several imaginary dialogues between the personalized Fatherland and various members of the Bulgarian society. His most notable work is "Plach bedniya Mati Bolgariya" ("Wail of the poor Mother Bulgaria") that dates to 1846.
Honour.
Bozveli Peak on Graham Land in Antarctica is named after Neofit Bozveli.

</doc>
<doc id="18935991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18935991" title="Babek (city)">
Babek (city)

Babək (also, Babek, Babekskiy, and Tazakend) is a city and municipality in and the capital of Babek Rayon, in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.
History.
Before the 1978, settlement was known as Tazakand. However, then was renamed in honor of the Persian revolutionary leader Babak Khorramdin.
Demography.
As of 2010, population of Babək contains 3252 people.

</doc>
<doc id="18936003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936003" title="The Terror of the Tongs">
The Terror of the Tongs

The Terror of the Tongs (1961) is a Hammer Film starring Geoffrey Toone, Christopher Lee and Yvonne Monlaur.
The low-budget Hammer film is distinguished by good color photography and a strong performance by Christopher Lee as Chung King, the aphorism-quoting leader of the Hong Kong division of The Red Dragon Tong.
Plot summary.
In the year of 1910, Hong Kong members of the secret Red Dragon Tong crime family protect their identities by murdering Helena Sale, the daughter of Captain Jackson Sale, a British sea officer who vows revenge and defies the spread of fear created by the Tongs. Helped by a mysterious beggar and a young serving girl named Lee, Sale discovers there's an inside traitor who's been giving vital information to the Tongs, thus making them one step ahead of Sale's findings...
Production.
"The Terror of the Tongs" was quickly shot within the months of April and May in 1960. 
The film is a quasi-remake of Hammer's The Stranglers of Bombay from 1959. The setting is changed to Hong Kong in 1910 from India in the 19th century but the basic plot of a middle-aged, yet youthful hero attempting to uncover the crimes of a secret sect in a British colony, being captured by the sect, and later released, having a personal stake in the outcome, finding that there is an inside villain, and losing friends or family are all there.
The film is notable for Christopher Lee to receive top billing. Lee also reported to work on the film after a vacation in Northern Italy with a deep tan, which was problematic for the make-up department as his character was supposed to have very pale skin. Lee later said in interviews that the make-up he sported in this movie to transform him into a Chinese was the most uncomfortable make-up he had to endure at that point in time.
Critical reception.
"The Hammer Story: The Authorised History of Hammer Films" wrote of the film: ""The Terror of the Tongs", perhaps thankfully a rarely-seen film, remains resolutely undistinguished in almost every department." 
"Terror of the Tongs" currently holds a three star rating (6.0/10) on IMDb.

</doc>
<doc id="18936020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936020" title="Saltaq">
Saltaq

Saltaq (also, Saltax and Saltakh) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,528. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936022" title="Tumbul">
Tumbul

Tumbul is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,556. The municipality consists of the villages of Tumbul and Haciniyyət.

</doc>
<doc id="18936026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936026" title="Nəsirvaz">
Nəsirvaz

Nəsirvaz (also, Naservas) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 154.

</doc>
<doc id="18936028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936028" title="Xoşkeşin">
Xoşkeşin

Xoşkeşin (also, Xokeşiş, Xoşkeşiş, and Khoshkeshin) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 376. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936029" title="Ələhi">
Ələhi

Ələhi (also, Alagi, Allyagi, and Alyagi) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 132. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936031" title="Cavidabad">
Cavidabad

Cavidabad (also, Cavadabad, Dzhavidabad, and Dzhavudabad) is a village in the Babek Rayon of the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18936033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936033" title="Gretna F.C. 2008">
Gretna F.C. 2008

Gretna F.C. 2008 (commonly referred to as Gretna 2008 and colloquially as Gretna) is a football club from the town of Gretna. It was founded in 2008 after the bankruptcy and demise of Gretna F.C., which had existed since 1946. Gretna 2008 is not a direct continuation of the old club, being under a completely different management and set-up; the club trades under the name "Gretna FC 2008 Ltd" to avoid confusion with the old Gretna.
In 2013, the club became founder members of the Lowland League, having previously played in the East of Scotland Football League Premier Division. The team played for most of the 2008–09 season at the Everholm Stadium in Annan. Late in the season, however, the new owners of Raydale Park allowed Gretna 2008 to move to the ground in their home town. In May 2011, the Raydale Community Partnership, of which Gretna FC 2008 is a member, negotiated the purchase of the site.
History.
The original Gretna F.C. were founded in 1946, and joined the Scottish Football League in 2002. After being taken over by the late millionaire Brooks Mileson, the club had a meteoric rise, gaining promotion three years in a row to make the Scottish Premier League in 2007. However, the club could not financially support itself and following Mileson's illness and withdrawal of financial support, the club slipped into administration and then bankruptcy in the summer of 2008. The club were relegated from the SPL and then forced to resign their place in the Scottish Football League.
With Gretna heading out of business, on 2 July 2008, the Gretna Supporters' Society, a supporters' trust, founded "a new Gretna Football Club", and appointed Anton Hodge as chairman. In August 2009, the trust amended its articles of governance and Gretna FC 2008 is now managed directly by the members of the trust board, whose chairman is Craig Williamson. The new club is wholly owned by the society and its board elected by the society's members. The club appointed the University of Cumbria's football officer Stuart Rome as team manager and recruited much of the playing squad from Workington's reserve team. Technically, Gretna 2008 coexisted briefly with the old Gretna, which was not formally liquidated until 8 August 2008.
Unable to play at the old Gretna's home ground of Raydale Park, they instead moved into the Everholm Stadium in Annan. Gretna 2008 played their first match against Workington on 12 July 2008. Four days later, they were successfully accepted into the East of Scotland Football League First Division, and on 9 August 2008, won their first competitive match as a new club, beating Kelso United 3–0 away in their first match of the league season. The new owners of Raydale Park allowed Gretna 2008 to move to the ground in their home town in May 2009, and the Raydale Community Partnership, of which Gretna FC 2008 is a member, negotiated the purchase of the site in May 2011. They finished their first season as a new club in fourth place in the league. They narrowly missed promotion again in their second season, but finished their third, in 2010–11 being promoted as First Division champions.
Colours and badge.
Gretna 2008's colours are black and white hoops. Gretna F.C. had used white shirts after Brooks Mileson took control of the club, but black and white hoops were the club's traditional colours.
The badge of the club is largely similar to that of Gretna, except that 2008 has been added to reflect the change of status in that year. The anvil represents the famous Blacksmith's Shop wedding site at Gretna Green, and the thistles represent the club's Scottish location.

</doc>
<doc id="18936034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936034" title="Qaraxanbəyli, Nakhchivan">
Qaraxanbəyli, Nakhchivan

Qaraxanbəyli (also, Karakhanbeyli and Karakhan-begly) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,353.

</doc>
<doc id="18936036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936036" title="Şəkərabad">
Şəkərabad

Şəkərabad (also, Shakyarabad, Shekerabad, and Shekyarabad) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 937.

</doc>
<doc id="18936038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936038" title="Xanəgah, Julfa">
Xanəgah, Julfa

Xanəgah (also, Khanaga and Khanakakh) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,181. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936041" title="Xurs">
Xurs

Xurs (, )(also, Khurs and Khurst) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 155.
The village historically was a part of the Goghtn Region of Armenia, and had an Armenian population until the beginning of the 20th century. Now only ruins of ancient church remain.

</doc>
<doc id="18936042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936042" title="Green Point, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Green Point, Newfoundland and Labrador

Green Point is located 12 km north of the town of Rocky Harbour in Gros Morne National Park, on the west coast of Newfoundland. It is the home to a small summer fishing community and a drive-in campground. In 2000, Green Point was designated the Global Stratotype Section and Point (GSSP) representing the division between the Cambrian and the Ordovician systems.
Geology.
In 2000, the cliffs at Green Point were approved as the Global Stratotype Section and Point for the base of the Ordovician system by the International Union of Geological Sciences. The boundary is a section 60m thick composed of layers of shale and limestone with overturned beds dipping 60-70 degrees to the South East. It is marked by the first appearance of "Iapetognathus fluctivagus", a conodont fossil, 4.8m below the earliest known planktic graptolite fossil, "Rhabdinopora praeparabola".
The shales represent a 30 million year record of deep-ocean sediments laid in a base-of-slope environment in the Iapetus Ocean. The limestone layers indicate periodic avalanches from the shallower waters. Portions of the same limestone avalanches that came rest to further up the coastal slopes are featured at Cow Head. There, the individual rocks in the limestone conglomerate are much larger.
Campground.
There are 31 drive-in campsites at Green Point.
See also.
Gros Morne National Park

</doc>
<doc id="18936045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936045" title="Hacıvar">
Hacıvar

Hacıvar (also, Gadzhyvar and Khadzhivar) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 704. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936048" title="Embarrassment (disambiguation)">
Embarrassment (disambiguation)

Embarrassment is an emotional state experienced upon having an unacceptable act or condition witnessed by or revealed to others.
Embarrassment may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18936065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936065" title="Southeastern Spanish ibex">
Southeastern Spanish ibex

The Southeastern Spanish ibex or Beceite ibex (Capra pyrenaica hispanica) is a goat that is endemic to Spain.
The Southeastern Spanish ibex inhabits the Sierra Nevada, Sierra de Cazorla, Sierra de Grazalema, Montes de Malaga, in Andalucia. It also occurs in the Sierra Morena. Outside Andalucia it can be found in the Montes de Toledo and the mountains all the way up the Spanish Mediterranean with populations as far north as southern Catalonia, which gives hope that one day it might recolonise the Pyrenees.

</doc>
<doc id="18936069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936069" title="Ord och inga visor">
Ord och inga visor

Ord och inga visor is an EP with Gothenburg band LOK. It was released in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18936071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936071" title="The Human Comedy (film)">
The Human Comedy (film)

The Human Comedy is a 1943 American drama film directed by Clarence Brown and adapted by Howard Estabrook. It is often thought to be based on the William Saroyan novel of the same name, but Saroyan actually wrote the screenplay first, was fired from the movie project, and quickly wrote the novel and published it just before the film was released. It starred Mickey Rooney, Frank Morgan, James Craig, Marsha Hunt, Fay Bainter, Ray Collins, Van Johnson, Donna Reed and Jackie 'Butch' Jenkins. Robert Mitchum and Don DeFore appear uncredited as buddies of a soldier Barry Nelson with a night off from training, trying to meet girls and take in a movie.
The film is the story of a teenaged Homer Macauley (Rooney) in high school, working part-time as a telegram delivery boy, in the fictional town of Ithaca, California, during World War II. The effects of the war on the "Home Front" over a year in Homer's life are depicted in sentimental scenarios involving himself, his family, friends, and neighbors, and acquaintances encountered. The storyline is directed by a narrator, Homer's deceased father (Ray Collins).
Production.
Saroyan wrote a film treatment and a screenplay that he was asked to direct. He was paid off and removed from the project when his film proved to be more than two hours long. Saroyan was not at all happy with the film as completed by Brown, and he wrote his novel from the script he produced. The novel was published at the same time as the film's release with the intent of countering the film version of the story. There are noticeable differences between the film and the novel, including a stronger characterization of Ulysses, the small boy, in the novel and far fewer scenes of sentiment than were incorporated into the film by Estabrook and Brown (social criticism is also much blunter in the novel). Louis B. Mayer, head of MGM, who suggested that this was his favorite film, also suggest a very definite "MGM house style".
Reception.
The film made $2,824,000 in the US and Canada and $1,034,000 elsewhere resulting in a profit of $1,531,000.
Awards.
It won the Academy Award for Best Story and was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role (Mickey Rooney), Best Cinematography, Black-and-White, Best Director and Best Picture.

</doc>
<doc id="18936074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936074" title="Hudson County Courthouse">
Hudson County Courthouse

The Hudson County Courthouse or Justice William J. Brennan Jr. Courthouse is located in Jersey City, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States. The six-story structure was originally built between 1906 and 1910 at a cost of $3,328,016.56. It is considered to be an outstanding example of the Beaux-Arts architectural style in the United States.
The courthouse was used as the primary seat of government for Hudson County from its opening on September 20, 1910 until the construction of the Hudson County Administration Building in 1966. The courthouse was vacant for many years and was scheduled for demolition. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 25, 1970. Restoration began in the mid-1970s, and the building was reopened in 1985. In 1984, the Hudson County Board of Chosen Freeholders renamed the building in honor of Supreme Court Justice William J. Brennan Jr. The restoration of the courthouse was acknowledged by a Victorian Society in America Preservation Award in 1988.
As of 2013 the courthouse has seven working courtrooms and also houses the offices of the County Executive, the Hudson County Surrogate and the Hudson County Bar Association; in the past it has been used in a number of television programs and movies, including scenes in the television series "Law & Order", and for commercials.
Construction.
The Courthouse was designed by Jersey City native Hugh Roberts, twice a president of the New Jersey Chapter of the American Institute of Architects. Roberts, brother-in-law of future United States Senator and New Jersey Governor Edward I. Edwards, received a direct appointment as architect. No competition or bidding for designs was held, causing controversy among local architects. The property on which the courthouse stands was obtained from fourteen separate property owners between 1905 and 1914. The groundbreaking took place on March 21, 1906 and the cornerstone was laid on December 12, 1906. Construction of the building was done by Wells Brothers of New York City and construction of the interiors and finishes were by John Gill & Son of Cleveland, Ohio.
The courthouse is constructed of granite quarried in Hallowell, Maine. The front of the building is visually dominated by four Corinthian columns and a frieze above the main entrance bearing the inscription "Precedent Makes Law; If You Stand Well, Stand Still."
Interiors.
Roberts delegated the assignment of artwork to the muralist Francis David Millet, noted for his work as decorations director for the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago; Millet assigned himself two lunettes on the third floor and a dozen small panels in the second floor corridors. Also on the third floor, Millet assigned two lunettes to Charles Yardley Turner, as well as eight more to Kenyon Cox. Cox also provided the groined ceilings. Edwin Blashfield painted the glass dome and the four pendentives between its supporting arches. The Tudor-style legislative chamber of the Board of Freeholders on the second floor was adorned with murals by Howard Pyle depicting early life of the Dutch and English in New Jersey. This room has been called "one of the handsomest legislative chambers in the United States."
David G. Lowe, writing in "American Heritage" magazine, described the interior of the building:
"The courthouse interior is a rush of color—pearl gray and green-veined marbles, golden light fixtures, yellow, green, and blue paint. Standing in the great central court, one looks up the three stories of the magnificent rotunda to a dome whose outer rim is painted with the signs of the zodiac and whose center is an eye of stained glass worthy of Tiffany. One feels—as one does in the rotunda at the heart of the Capitol in Washington—the dignity of government and the permanence of law."
Restoration.
Plans for restoring the courthouse had been proposed even before it fell into disuse. In 1961, the architectural modelist Theodore Conrad proposed converting the building into a new city hall for Jersey City. The plan would have created a mall in front of the building and surrounded it with additional city buildings and a museum. Another proposal would house a branch of the New Jersey State Museum in the building. Conrad led a citizens group that lobbied for the preservation of the building, and got it listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The award-winning restoration project resulted in the courthouse being reopened in 1985 for the use of the civil courts and other county offices.
Renaming.
The Hudson County Board of Chosen Freeholders renamed the courthouse in 1984 in honor of Associate Supreme Court Justice William J. Brennan, who had served in the building as Hudson County Assignment Judge from 1947 through 1951. Following the 1989 Supreme Court decision in Texas v. Johnson, which Brennan authored, veterans groups petitioned unsuccessfully to have the name removed, but the Freeholders unanimously voted to retain the name.

</doc>
<doc id="18936078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936078" title="Eric Matthias">
Eric Matthias

Eric Matthias (born February 13, 1984) is an athlete from British Virgin Islands. He participated in men's discus throw at 2008 Summer Olympics. He was ranked 36 ("53.11 m.").

</doc>
<doc id="18936084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936084" title="List of number-one singles of 1991 (Ireland)">
List of number-one singles of 1991 (Ireland)

The following is a list of the "IRMA"'s number-one singles of 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18936097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936097" title="Embarras">
Embarras

Embarras may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18936112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936112" title="Ethylene glycol poisoning">
Ethylene glycol poisoning

Ethylene glycol poisoning is caused by the ingestion of ethylene glycol (the primary ingredient in both automotive antifreeze and hydraulic brake fluid). Ethylene glycol should not be confused with propylene glycol, a common food additive. Ethylene glycol is a toxic, colorless, odorless, almost nonvolatile liquid with a sweet taste that is occasionally consumed by children and dogs due to its sweetness. Following ingestion the symptoms of poisoning follow a three step progression starting with intoxication and vomiting, before causing metabolic acidosis, cardiovascular dysfunction, and finally acute kidney failure. The major cause of toxicity is not the ethylene glycol itself but its metabolites. The major metabolites causing toxicity are glycolic acid and oxalic acid.
Medical diagnosis of poisoning is most reliably done by measurement of ethylene glycol in the blood. However, many hospitals do not have the facilities to perform this test and need to rely on abnormalities in the body’s biochemistry to diagnose poisoning. Diagnosis can also be aided by examining the urine for the presence of calcium oxalate crystals. Treatment consists of initially stabilizing the patient, followed by the use of antidotes. The antidotes used are either ethanol or fomepizole (Antizol). The antidotes work by blocking the enzyme responsible for metabolizing ethylene glycol and therefore halt the progression of poisoning. Hemodialysis is also used to help remove ethylene glycol and its metabolites from the blood. As long as medical treatment is undertaken, the prognosis is generally good with most patients making a full recovery. Poisoning is relatively common, and due to its taste, children and animals will sometimes consume large quantities of ethylene glycol. Denatonium benzoate, a bitterant, is added to many antifreeze products to discourage accidental or deliberate ingestion.
Signs and symptoms.
Symptoms of ethylene glycol poisoning usually follow a three-step progression, although poisoned individuals will not always develop each stage.
Pathophysiology.
The three main systems affected by ethylene glycol poisoning are the central nervous system, metabolic processes, and the kidneys. The central nervous system is affected early in the course of poisoning as the result of a direct action of ethylene glycol. Similar to ethanol, it causes intoxication, followed by drowsiness or coma. Seizures may occur due to a direct effect. The toxic mechanism of ethylene glycol poisoning is mainly due to the metabolites of ethylene glycol. Initially it is metabolized by alcohol dehydrogenase to glycolaldehyde, which is then oxidized to glycolic acid. The increase in metabolites may cause encephalopathy or cerebral edema. The metabolic effects occur 12 to 36 hours post ingestion, causing primarily metabolic acidosis which is due mainly to accumulated glycolic acid. Additionally, as a side effect of the first two steps of metabolism, an increase in the blood concentration of lactic acid occurs contributing to lactic acidosis. The formation of acid metabolites also causes inhibition of other metabolic pathways, such as oxidative phosphorylation.
The renal toxicity of ethylene glycol occurs 24 to 72 hours post ingestion and is caused by a direct cytotoxic effect of glycolic acid. The glycolic acid is then metabolized to glyoxylic acid and finally to oxalic acid. Oxalic acid binds with calcium to form calcium oxalate crystals which may deposit and cause damage to many areas of the body including the brain, heart, kidneys, and lungs. The most significant effect is accumulation of calcium oxalate crystals in the kidneys which causes kidney damage leading to oliguric or anuric acute kidney failure. The rate-limiting step in this cascade is the conversion of glycolic to glyoxylic acid. Accumulation of glycolic acid in the body is mainly responsible for toxicity.
Toxicity.
Ethylene glycol has been shown to be toxic to humans and is also toxic to domestic pets such as cats and dogs. A toxic dose requiring medical treatment varies but is considered more than 0.1 mL per kg body weight (mL/kg) of pure substance. That is roughly 16 mL of 50% ethylene glycol for an 80 kg adult and 4 mL for a 20 kg child. Poison control centers often use more than a lick or taste in a child or more than a mouthful in an adult as a dose requiring hospital assessment.
The orally lethal dose in humans has been reported as approximately 1.4 mL/kg of pure ethylene glycol. That is approximately 224 mL of 50% ethylene glycol for an 80 kg adult and 56 mL for a 20 kg child. Although survival with medical treatment has occurred with doses much higher than this, death has occurred with 30 mL of the concentrate in an adult. In the EU classification of dangerous substances it is 'harmful' (Xn) while more toxic substances are classified as 'toxic' (T) or 'very toxic' (T+). The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency generally puts substances which are lethal at more than 30 g to adults in Toxicity Class III.
Ethylene glycol has a low vapor pressure; it does not evaporate readily at normal temperatures and therefore high concentrations in air or intoxication are unlikely to occur following inhalational exposures. There may be a slight risk of poisoning where mists or fogs are generated, although this rarely leads to poisoning as ethylene glycol causes irritation and coughing when breathed in, alerting victims to its presence. Ethylene glycol is not well absorbed through skin meaning poisoning following dermal exposure is also uncommon.
Prevention.
Antifreeze products for automotive use containing propylene glycol in place of ethylene glycol are available, and are generally considered safer to use, as it possesses an unpleasant taste in contrast to the perceived "sweet" taste of toxic ethylene glycol-based coolants, and only produces lactic acid in an animal's body, as their muscles do when exercised.
Diagnosis.
As many of the clinical signs and symptoms of ethylene glycol poisoning are nonspecific and occur in many poisonings the diagnosis is often difficult. It is most reliably diagnosed by the measurement of the blood ethylene glycol concentration. Ethylene glycol in biological fluids can be determined by gas chromatography. Many hospital laboratories do not have the ability to perform this blood test and in the absence of this test the diagnosis must be made based on the clinical presentation of the patient. In this situation a helpful test to diagnose poisoning is the measurement of the osmolal gap. The patients' serum osmolality is measured by freezing point depression and then compared with the predicted osmolality based on the patients' measured sodium, glucose, blood urea nitrogen, and any ethanol that may have been ingested. The presence of a large osmolal gap supports a diagnosis of ethylene glycol poisoning. However, a normal osmolar gap does not rule out ethylene glycol exposure because of wide individual variability.
The increased osmolal gap is caused by the ethylene glycol itself. As the metabolism of ethylene glycol progresses there will be less ethylene glycol and this will decrease the blood ethylene glycol concentration and the osmolal gap making this test less useful. Additionally, the presence of other alcohols such as ethanol, isopropanol, or methanol or conditions such as alcoholic or diabetic ketoacidosis, lactic acidosis, or kidney failure may also produce an elevated osmolal gap leading to a false diagnosis.
Other laboratory abnormalities may suggest poisoning, especially the presence of a metabolic acidosis, particularly if it is characterized by a large anion gap. Large anion gap acidosis is usually present during the initial stage of poisoning. However, acidosis has a large number of differential diagnosis, including poisoning from methanol, salicylates, iron, isoniazid, paracetamol, theophylline, or from conditions such as uremia or diabetic and alcoholic ketoacidosis. The diagnosis of ethylene glycol poisoning should be considered in any patient with a severe acidosis. Urine microscopy can reveal needle or envelope-shaped calcium oxalate crystals in the urine which can suggest poisoning; although these crystals may not be present until the late stages of poisoning. Finally, many commercial radiator antifreeze products have fluorescein added to enable radiator leaks to be detected using a Wood's lamp. Following ingestion of antifreeze products containing ethylene glycol and fluorescein, a Wood's lamp may reveal fluorescence of a patient’s mouth area, clothing, vomitus, or urine which can help to diagnose poisoning.
Treatment.
Stabilization and decontamination.
The most important initial treatment for ethylene glycol poisoning is stabilizing the patient. As ethylene glycol is rapidly absorbed, gastric decontamination is unlikely to be of benefit unless it is performed within 60 minutes of ingestion. Traditionally, gastric lavage or nasogastric aspiration of gastric contents are the most common methods employed in ethylene glycol poisoning. The usefulness of gastric lavage has, however, been questioned, and it is now no longer used routinely in poisoning situations. Ipecac-induced vomiting is not recommended. As activated charcoal does not adsorb glycols, it is not recommended as it will not be effective at preventing absorption. It is only used in the presence of a toxic dose of another poison or drug. Patients with significant poisoning often present in a critical condition. In this situation stabilization of the patient including airway management with intubation should be performed in preference to gastrointestinal decontamination. Patients presenting with metabolic acidosis or seizures require treatment with sodium bicarbonate and anticonvulsives such as a benzodiazepine respectively. Sodium bicarbonate should be used cautiously as it can worsen hypocalcemia by increasing the plasma protein binding of calcium. If hypocalcemia occurs it can be treated with calcium replacement although calcium supplementation can increase the precipitation of calcium oxalate crystals leading to tissue damage. Intubation and respiratory support may be required in severely intoxicated patients; patients with hypotension require treatment with intravenous fluids and possibly vasopressors.
Antidotes.
Following decontamination and the institution of supportive measures, the next priority is inhibition of further ethylene glycol metabolism using antidotes. The antidotes for ethylene glycol poisoning are ethanol and fomepizole. This antidotal treatment forms the mainstay of management of ethylene glycol poisoning. The toxicity of ethylene glycol comes from its metabolism to glycolic acid and oxalic acid. The goal of pharmacotherapy is to prevent the formation of these metabolites. Ethanol acts by competing with ethylene glycol for alcohol dehydrogenase, the first enzyme in the degradation pathway. Because ethanol has a much higher affinity for alcohol dehydrogenase, about a 100-times greater affinity, it successfully blocks the breakdown of ethylene glycol into glycoaldehyde, which prevents the further degradation. Without oxalic acid formation, the nephrotoxic effects can be avoided, but the ethylene glycol is still present in the body. It is eventually excreted in the urine, but supportive therapy for the CNS depression and metabolic acidosis will be required until the ethylene glycol concentrations fall below toxic limits. Pharmaceutical grade ethanol is usually given intravenously as a 5 or 10% solution in 5% dextrose, but it is also sometimes given orally in the form of a strong spirit such as whisky, vodka, or gin.
Fomepizole is a potent inhibitor of alcohol dehydrogenase; similar to ethanol, it acts to block the formation of the toxic metabolites. Fomepizole has been shown to be highly effective as an antidote for ethylene glycol poisoning. It is the only antidote approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of ethylene glycol poisoning. Both antidotes have advantages and disadvantages. Ethanol is readily available in most hospitals, is inexpensive, and can be administered orally as well as intravenously. Its adverse effects include intoxication, hypoglycemia in children, and possible liver toxicity. Patients receiving ethanol therapy also require frequent blood ethanol concentration measurements and dosage adjustments to maintain a therapeutic ethanol concentration. Patients therefore must be monitored in an intensive care unit. Alternatively, the adverse side effects of fomepizole are minimal and the approved dosing regimen maintains therapeutic concentrations without the need to monitor blood concentrations of the drug. The disadvantage of fomepizole is that it is expensive. Costing US$1,000 per gram, an average course used in an adult poisoning would cost approximately $3,500 to $4,000. Despite the cost, fomepizole is gradually replacing ethanol as the antidote of choice in ethylene glycol poisoning. Adjunct agents including thiamine and pyridoxine are often given, because they may help prevent the formation of oxalic acid. The use of these agents is based on theoretical observations and there is limited evidence to support their use in treatment; they may be of particular benefit in people who could be deficient in these vitamins such as malnourished or alcoholic patients.
Hemodialysis.
In addition to antidotes, an important treatment for poisoning is the use of hemodialysis. Hemodialysis is used to enhance the removal of unmetabolized ethylene glycol, as well as its metabolites from the body. It has been shown to be highly effective in the removal of ethylene glycol and its metabolites from the blood. Hemodialysis also has the added benefit of correcting other metabolic derangements or supporting deteriorating kidney function. Hemodialysis is usually indicated in patients with severe metabolic acidosis (blood pH less than 7.3), kidney failure, severe electrolyte imbalance, or if the patients condition is deteriorating despite treatment. Often both antidotal treatment and hemodialysis are used together in the treatment of poisoning. Because hemodialysis will also remove the antidotes from the blood, doses of antidotes need to be increased to compensate. If hemodialysis is not available, then peritoneal dialysis also removes ethylene glycol, although less efficiently.
Prognosis.
Generally, if the patient is treated and survives then a full recovery is expected. Patients who present early to medical facilities and have prompt medical treatment typically will have a favorable outcome. Alternatively, patients presenting late with signs and symptoms of coma, hyperkalemia, seizures, or severe acidosis have a poor prognosis. Patients who develop severe central nervous system manifestations or stroke who survive may have long term neurologic dysfunction; in some cases they may recover, although convalescence may be prolonged. The most significant long-term complication is related to the kidneys. Cases of permanent kidney damage, often requiring chronic dialysis or kidney transplantation, have been reported after severe poisoning.
Epidemiology.
Ethylene glycol poisoning is a relatively common occurrence worldwide. Human poisoning often occurs in isolated cases, but may also occur in epidemics. Many cases of poisoning are the result of using ethylene glycol as a cheap substitute for alcohol or intentional ingestions in suicide attempts. Less commonly it has been used as a means of homicide. Children or animals may be exposed by accidental ingestion; children and animals often consume large amounts due to ethylene glycol having a sweet taste. In the United States there were 5816 cases reported to poison centers in 2002. Additionally, ethylene glycol was the most common chemical responsible for deaths reported by US poison centers in 2003. In Australia there were 17 cases reported to the Victorian poison center and 30 cases reported to the New South Wales poison center in 2007. However, these numbers may underestimate actual numbers because not all cases attributable to ethylene glycol are reported to poison control centers. Most deaths from ethylene glycol are intentional suicides; deaths in children due to unintentional ingestion are extremely rare.
In an effort to prevent poisoning, often a bittering agent called denatonium benzoate, known by the trade name Bitrex, is added to ethylene glycol preparations as an adversant to prevent accidental or intentional ingestion. The bittering agent is thought to stop ingestion as part of the human defense against ingestion of harmful substances is rejection of bitter tasting substances. In the United States, eight states (Oregon, California, New Mexico, Virginia, Arizona, Maine, Tennessee, Washington) have made the addition of bittering agents to antifreeze compulsory. Three follow up studies targeting limited populations or suicidal persons to assess the efficacy of bittering agents in preventing toxicity or death have, however, shown limited benefit of bittering ethylene glycol preparations in these two populations. Specifically, Mullins finds that bittering of antifreeze does not reduce reported cases of poisoning of preschoolers in the US state of Oregon. Similarly, White found that adding bittering agents did not decrease the frequency or severity of antifreeze poisonings in children under the age of 5. Additionally, another study by White found that suicidal persons are not deterred by the bittered taste of antifreeze in their attempts to kill themselves. These studies did not focus on poisoning of domestic pets or livestock, for example, or inadvertent exposure to bittered antifreeze among a large population (of non-preschool age children).
History.
Ethylene glycol was once thought innocuous; in 1931 it was suggested as being suitable for use as a vehicle or solvent for injectable pharmaceutical preparations. Numerous cases of poisoning have been reported since then, and it has been shown to be toxic to humans.
See also.
Methylmalonic acidemia - an autosomal recessive metabolic disorder that mimics the effects of ethylene glycol poisoning.

</doc>
<doc id="18936124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936124" title="Nürgüt">
Nürgüt

Nürgüt is a village and municipality currently included in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 131. 
The current name of "Nürgüt" come from original Azerbaijan "Nur get" ("Go to light"), which means "nur" - light and "get" - go.

</doc>
<doc id="18936127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936127" title="Əliabad, Nakhchivan">
Əliabad, Nakhchivan

Əliabad (also, Myasnikabad and Myasnikovabad) is a village and municipality in Nakhchivan City, Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 9,495. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936135" title="Yarımca, Nakhchivan">
Yarımca, Nakhchivan

Yarımca (also, Yarmıca and Yarymdzha) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,336. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936140" title="Nəcəfəlidizə">
Nəcəfəlidizə

Nəcəfəlidizə (also, Nəcəfəli Dizə, Nadzhafalidiza, and Nadzhav-Ali-Bek-diza) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 145. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936144" title="Qazançı, Nakhchivan">
Qazançı, Nakhchivan

Qazançı (also, Kazanchi and Kazanchy) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 690. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936147" title="Qahab">
Qahab

Qahab (also, Kagab and Kakhab) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,612.

</doc>
<doc id="18936150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936150" title="Şıxmahmud">
Şıxmahmud

Şıxmahmud (also, Shikhmakhmud and Shykhmakhmud) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,795. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936157" title="Diocese of Tinum">
Diocese of Tinum

The Diocese of Tinum was founded in 1050 and is today a titular see of the Catholic Church. Its seat was in what is now called Knin.
History.
Knin is first mentioned in the 10th-century history of Constantine Porphyrogenitus as the centre of a parish. In the 11th century, at the request of King Peter Krešimir IV of Croatia, it became an episcopal see, whose bishop seems to have been attached to the royal court as preacher. A history of the successive bishops, from Mark in 1050 to Joseph in 1755 is given in Forlani's "Illyricum sacrum", IV (Venice, 1775). The bishops who held the title no longer resided in Knin after it fell to the Ottoman Turks in 1522. After Venice captured the district in 1768, the Bishop of Šibenik was appointed to administer the diocese. With the papal bull "Locum beati Petri" of 20 June 1828, when the whole of Dalmatia belonged to the Austrian Empire, Pope Leo XII made the diocese part of that of Šibenik.

</doc>
<doc id="18936162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936162" title="Sir Andrew Porter, 1st Baronet">
Sir Andrew Porter, 1st Baronet

Sir Andrew Marshall Porter, 1st Baronet PC, QC (27 June 1837 – 9 January 1919) was an Irish lawyer and judge.
Background and education.
Porter was born in Belfast, the son of Reverend John Scott Porter. He was educated at the Royal Belfast Academical Institution, and Queen's University, Belfast.
Legal and judicial career.
In 1860 Porter was called to the Bar and by 1872 had become Queen's Counsel. He sat as Member of Parliament for County Londonderry from 1881 to 1884 and served under William Ewart Gladstone as Solicitor-General for Ireland from 1881 to 1882 and as Attorney-General for Ireland from 1882 to 1883: in his official capacity he was deeply involved in the trials following the Phoenix Park murders. He was appointed Master of the Rolls in Ireland in 1883 and served in that post until 1907. In 1902, he was made a baronet by King Edward VII. A. M. Sullivan described him as " a fine lawyer of noble presence and true dignity" who did not tolerate any disturbance to the decorum of his Court. As a judge Sullivan ranked him as one of the four greatest he had known, almost the equal of Christopher Palles.
Family.
Porter married Agnes Horsburgh and they had several children including John who succeeded to the title. While living in Dublin, Porter resided at 42 Merrion Square East as noted in Ulysses by James Joyce.

</doc>
<doc id="18936175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936175" title="Nəhəcir">
Nəhəcir

Nəhəcir (also, Nagadzhir and Nagazhir) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 507. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936179" title="Xəlilli, Nakhchivan">
Xəlilli, Nakhchivan

Xəlilli (also, Khalilli and Khalilly) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 615.

</doc>
<doc id="18936181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936181" title="Boyəhməd">
Boyəhməd

Boyəhməd (also, Bəyəhməd and Boyakhmed) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 263. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936185" title="Kültəpə">
Kültəpə

Kültəpə (also, Aşağı Gültəpə, Gültəpə, and Kyul’tepe) – is a settlement dated from the Eneolithic epoch, a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,859.
In 1951, archeologist Osman Habibulla began excavations in the settlement. The stratigraphy and cultural strata were clarified. The tell was much disturbed in the past.
As excavators had found, the town features a cultural layer with the total depth of 22 m. The earliest 9 m of this belongs to the Copper Age. On top of that are the remains of the Bronze Age, and then the Early Iron Age.
At each of these layers were found pottery dishes, cattle-breeding and agricultural implements, adornments, weapons etc.
In the Eneolithic layer were discovered remains of constructions, as well as burial places. Constructions were round as well as rectangular-shaped, and were made of mudbrick. Diameter of round constructions is ca 6–8 m. The rectangular ones are about 15 sq. m in size. These structures were typically connected with agriculture.
85 burial places were investigated in the Eneolithic layer. In 31 of those where found out pottery dishes, items made of bones and stone, and beads.
The Soviet scientists decided that Kultepe is the place, where firstly in the South Caucasus items made of copper-arsenic alloys which are dated back to the 4th millennium BC, were found out.
Local character of arsenic copper production was confirmed by results of chemical investigation and casting forms and remains of casting found out there.

</doc>
<doc id="18936189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936189" title="Milax, Azerbaijan">
Milax, Azerbaijan

Milax (also, Milakh) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 900. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936191" title="Aşağı Uzunoba">
Aşağı Uzunoba

Aşağı Uzunoba (also, Ashagy Uzunoba and Uzun-oba-ashaga) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 435. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936194" title="Böyükdüz">
Böyükdüz

Böyükdüz (also, Böyük Düz and Bëyuk-Dyuz) is a village and municipality in the Kangarli Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,435. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936200" title="Məmmədrza Dizə">
Məmmədrza Dizə

Məmmədrza Dizə (until 2003, Yeniyol and Yeniyël) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 487. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936204" title="Ləkətağ">
Ləkətağ

Ləkətağ (also, Lyakatog and Lyaketag) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 428. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936205" title="Yuxarı Uzunoba">
Yuxarı Uzunoba

Yuxarı Uzunoba (also, Uzun-Oba-Yukhari and Yukhary Uzunoba) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 541. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936210" title="Qaraqala">
Qaraqala

Qaraqala (also, Karakala and Kara-pala) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 555. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936217" title="Sirab">
Sirab

Sirab (also, Siab and Surab) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,661. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936222" title="Göynük, Azerbaijan">
Göynük, Azerbaijan

Göynük (also, Köynük, Gëynyuk, and Keynik) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 213. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936225" title="Ərəfsə">
Ərəfsə

Ərəfsə (also, Arafsa and Aravsa) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 927. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936226" title="Josephine Leroux">
Josephine Leroux

Josephine Leroux (1747–1794), born Anne-Joseph Leroux, was an Ursuline nun. She was born in Cambrai, France. She became an Ursuline in Valenciennes, taking the name Josephine. She fled to Mons, Hainaut when the monasteries and convents were suppressed during the French Revolution, but returned to Valenciennes in 1793. In 1794, she and several other nuns were arrested there for the crime of faith and was guillotined with ten other nuns whose names are not known. She is a Blessed of the Roman Catholic Church.

</doc>
<doc id="18936228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936228" title="Kalbaoruc Dizə">
Kalbaoruc Dizə

Kalbaoruc Dizə (until 2003, Oruc Duzə, Oruc Dizə, and Orudzhdiza) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 494. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936229" title="Məzrə, Babek">
Məzrə, Babek

Məzrə (until 2003, Alagözməzrə and Alagëzmazra) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 825. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936237" title="Xalxal, Nakhchivan">
Xalxal, Nakhchivan

Xalxal (also, Xal-xal, Kalkhai, and Khalkhal) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 552. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936241" title="Cəhri">
Cəhri

Cəhri (also, Dzhagri, Dzhagry, and Dzhakhri) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 8,283. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936248" title="Western Spanish ibex">
Western Spanish ibex

The Western Spanish ibex or Gredos ibex (Capra pyrenaica victoriae) is a vulnerable goat endemic to Spain and Portugal.
The Gredos ibex is endemic to:
as well as some other small mountain ranges in central Spain.
Remnant populations survive in the Picos de Europa as well as reintroduced ones, the largest population here is in the mountains north of Riano also other parts of the Cordillera Cantábrica. It is also found in southern Galicia near the border with Portugal
In Portugal 100 or so survive in the Peneda-Gerês National Park in northern Portugal, this population joins the Galician one. The Gredos Ibex has been reintroduced to many former areas for hunting purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="18936253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936253" title="List of number-one singles of 1981 (Ireland)">
List of number-one singles of 1981 (Ireland)

This is a list of singles which have reached number one on the Irish Singles Chart in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18936256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936256" title="Sundowning">
Sundowning

Sundowning is a psychological phenomenon associated with increased confusion and restlessness in patients with some form of dementia. Most commonly associated with Alzheimer's disease, but also found in those with mixed dementia, the term "sundowning" was coined due to the timing of the patient's confusion. For patients with sundowning syndrome, a multitude of behavioral problems begin to occur in the evening or while the sun is setting. Sundowning seems to occur more frequently during the middle stages of Alzheimer's disease and mixed dementia. Patients are generally able to understand that this behavioral pattern is abnormal. Sundowning seems to subside with the progression of a patient's dementia. Research shows that 20–45% of Alzheimer's patients will experience some sort of sundowning confusion.
Symptoms.
Symptoms are not limited to but may include:
Causes.
While the specific causes of sundowning have not been empirically proven, some evidence suggests that circadian rhythm disruption enhances sundowning behaviors.
Disturbances in circadian rhythms.
It is thought that with the development of plaques and tangles associated with Alzheimer's disease there might be a disruption within the suprachiasmatic nucleus (SCN). The suprachiasmatic nucleus is associated with regulating our sleep patterns by maintaining our circadian rhythms. These rhythms are also strongly associated with external light and dark cues. A disruption within the SCN would seem to be an area that could cause the types of confusion paired with sundowning. However, finding evidence for this is difficult due to the need for an autopsy to correctly diagnose Alzheimer's in a patient. Once a patient has died, they have already surpassed the level of dementia and brain damage that would be associated with sundowning. This theory is supported by the effectiveness of melatonin, a natural hormone, to decrease behavioral symptoms associated with sundowning.

</doc>
<doc id="18936257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936257" title="Külüs">
Külüs

Külüs (also, Kyulyus) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,169. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936262" title="Keçili, Shakhbuz">
Keçili, Shakhbuz

Keçili (also, Kechili and Kechilli) is a village and the most populous municipality, except for the capital Şahbuz, in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,663.

</doc>
<doc id="18936266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936266" title="Gülşənabad">
Gülşənabad

Gülşənabad (also, Gyul’shanabad and Shaytanabad) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 492. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936272" title="Şahtaxtı">
Şahtaxtı

Şahtaxtı (also, Shah Takhti and Shakhtakhty) is a village and municipality in the Kangarli Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,092.

</doc>
<doc id="18936276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936276" title="Xok">
Xok

Xok (also, Khok) is a village and municipality in the Kangarli Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 4,887. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936278" title="Mərəlik">
Mərəlik

Mərəlik (also, Maralıq, Maralik, Maralil, and Maralyk) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 215. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936279" title="Šah">
Šah

Šah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18936281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936281" title="Şahbuzkənd">
Şahbuzkənd

Şahbuzkənd (also, Kənd Şahbuz and Kend Shakhbuz and Shakhbuz) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,187. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936286" title="Kiçikoba">
Kiçikoba

Kiçikoba (until 2003, Yenikənd and Yenikend) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 171. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936292" title="Sələsüz">
Sələsüz

Sələsüz (also, Selesyuz) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 588. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936297" title="Daylaqlı">
Daylaqlı

Daylaqlı (until 2003, Əzızbəyov and Azizbekov) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 395. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936302" title="Shanna">
Shanna

Shanna is an American feminine given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18936303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936303" title="Italian Empire">
Italian Empire

The Italian Empire (Italian: "Impero Italiano") was created after the Kingdom of Italy joined other European powers in establishing colonies overseas during the "Scramble for Africa". Modern Italy, as a unified state, had only existed from 1861. By this time, France, Spain, Portugal, Britain and the Netherlands had been carving out large empires for several hundred years. One of the last remaining areas open to colonisation was on the African continent.
By the outbreak of World War I in 1914, Italy had annexed Eritrea, Somalia, Libya and the Dodecanese Islands; it was also one of the European concession holders in Tientsin. Italy was defeated in its first attempt to conquer Ethiopia in the First Italo-Ethiopian War of 1895–1896 with Ethiopia receiving modern weapons and support from Russia and France, but succeeded in occupying it in the Second Italo-Ethiopian War of 1935–1936. During World War I, the Italian army captured Albania, which was declared an Italian protectorate in 1917, and, by the end of hostilities in November 1918, had captured the entire portion of Dalmatia that had been guaranteed to Italy by the Treaty of London. The Entente Allies forced Italy to concede much of its captured territory in Dalmatia to the new state of Yugoslavia, with Italy only keeping the city of Zadar (Zara); in 1920, they also pressured Italy to remove its army from Albania.
The Fascist government under Italian dictator Benito Mussolini, which came to power in 1922, sought to increase the size of the empire further. In the late 1930s, Mussolini intended to increase Italy's power and influence by seeking to break up the Anglo-French alliance by being more conciliatory and cooperative with Britain, while being aggressive towards France. Italy sided with Germany during World War II and initially enjoyed successes. Italy occupied Albania, part of Greece, Croatia, Slovenia and part of Egypt, with German military assistance after faltering campaigns in Greece and North Africa.
History.
Birth of a nation and scramble for an empire (1848–1914).
The creation of the Kingdom of Italy was the result of concerted efforts by Italian nationalists and monarchists loyal to the House of Savoy to establish a united kingdom encompassing the entire Italian Peninsula.
After the Revolutions of 1848, the apparent leader of the Italian unification movement was the Italian revolutionary Giuseppe Garibaldi. He was popular amongst southern Italians and was renowned throughout the world for his extremely loyal followers. Garibaldi led the Italian republican drive for unification in southern Italy, but the northern Italian monarchy of the House of Savoy in the Kingdom of Sardinia, a "de facto" Piedmontese state, whose government was led by Camillo Benso, conte di Cavour, also had ambitions of establishing a united Italian state. Though the kingdom had no physical connection to Rome (seen by all as the natural capital of Italy, but still capital of the Papal States), the kingdom had successfully challenged Austria in the Second Italian War of Independence, liberating Lombardy-Venetia from Austrian rule. The kingdom had also established important alliances that helped it improve the possibility of Italian unification, such as Britain and the Second French Empire in the Crimean War. Sardinia was dependent on France being willing to protect it and, in 1860, Sardinia was forced to cede territory to France to maintain relations, including Savoy and Garibaldi's birthplace, Nice.
Cavour moved to challenge republican unification efforts by Garibaldi by organizing popular revolts in the Papal States. He used these revolts as a pretext to invade the country, even though the invasion angered the Catholics, whom he told that the invasion was an effort to protect the Roman Catholic Church from the anti-clerical secularist nationalist republicans of Garibaldi. Only a small portion of the Papal States around Rome remained in the control of Pope Pius IX. Despite their differences, Cavour agreed to include Garibaldi's Southern Italy, allowing it to join the union with Piedmont-Sardinia in 1860. Subsequently, on 18 February 1861 (officially proclaiming it on March 17, 1861), the Parliament declared the creation of the Kingdom of Italy, which comprised both Northern Italy and Southern Italy. King Victor Emmanuel II of Piedmont-Sardinia, from the House of Savoy, was then declared King of Italy, though he did not renumber himself with the assumption of the new title. This title had been out of use since the abdication of Napoleon I of France on 6 April 1814.
Following the unification of most of Italy, tensions between the monarchists and republicans erupted. In April 1861, Garibaldi entered the Italian parliament and challenged Cavour's leadership of the government, accusing him of dividing Italy and spoke of the threat of civil war between the Kingdom in the north and Garibaldi's forces in the south. On 6 June 1861, the Kingdom's strongman, Cavour, died. During the ensuing political instability, Garibaldi and the republicans became increasingly revolutionary in tone. Garibaldi's arrest in 1862 set off worldwide controversy.
In 1866, Otto von Bismarck, Minister President of Prussia, offered Victor Emmanuel II an alliance with the Kingdom of Prussia in the Austro-Prussian War. In exchange, Prussia would allow Italy to annex Austrian-controlled Veneto. King Emmanuel agreed to the alliance and the Third Italian War of Independence began. Italy fared poorly in the war, with a badly organized military against Austria, but Prussia's victory allowed Italy to annex at least Venice. The one major obstacle to Italian unity remained Rome.
In 1870, Prussia went to war with France, starting the Franco-Prussian War. To keep the large Prussian Army at bay, France abandoned its positions in Rome, which protected the remnants of the Papal States and Pius IX, in order to fight the Prussians. Italy benefited from Prussia's victory against France by being able to take over the Papal States from French authority. Rome was captured by the kingdom of Italy despite several battles and guerilla-like warfare by Papal Zouaves and official troops of the Holy See against the Italian invaders. Thus, on 20 September 1870, Italian unification was completed, and shortly afterwards Italy's capital was moved to Rome. Economic conditions in the united Italy were poor:, there was little industry or transportation facilities, extreme poverty (especially in the Mezzogiorno), high illiteracy, and only a small percentage of wealthy Italians had the right to vote. The unification movement had largely been dependent on the support of foreign powers and remained so afterwards.
Following the capture of Rome, in 1870, from the combined forces of Napoleon III's French troops, Papal troops and Zouaves, relations between Italy and the Vatican remained sour for the next sixty years with the Popes declaring themselves to be prisoners in the Vatican.
The unification of Italy brought with it a belief that Italy deserved its own overseas empire, alongside those of the other powers of Europe, and a rekindling of the notion of "mare nostrum". However, Italy had arrived late to the colonial race, and its relative weakness in international affairs meant that it was dependent on the acquiescence of Britain, France and Germany towards its empire-building.
Italy had long considered the Ottoman province of Tunisia, where a large community of Tunisian Italians lived, within its economic sphere of influence. It did not consider annexing it until 1879, when it became apparent that Britain and Germany were encouraging France to add it to its colonial holdings in North Africa. A last minute offer by Italy to share Tunisia between the two countries was refused, and France, confident in German support, ordered its troops in from French Algeria, imposing a protectorate over Tunisia in May 1881 under the Treaty of Bardo. The shock of the "Tunisian bombshell", as it was referred to in the Italian press, and the sense of Italy's isolation in Europe, led it into signing the Triple Alliance in 1882 with Germany and Austria-Hungary.
Italy's search for colonies continued until February 1886, when, by secret agreement with Britain, it annexed the port of Massawa in Eritrea on the Red Sea from the crumbling Egyptian Empire. Italian annexation of Massawa denied the Ethiopian Empire of Yohannes IV an outlet to the sea and prevented any expansion of French Somaliland. At the same time, Italy occupied territory on the south side of the horn of Africa, forming what would become Italian Somaliland. However, Italy coveted Ethiopia itself and, in 1887, Italian Prime Minister Agostino Depretis ordered an invasion. This invasion was halted after the loss of five hundred Italian troops at the Battle of Dogali. Depretis's successor, Prime Minister Francesco Crispi signed the Treaty of Wuchale in 1889 with Menelik II, the new emperor. This treaty ceded Ethiopian territory around Massawa to Italy to form the colony of Eritrea, and — at least, according to the Italian version of the treaty — made Ethiopia an Italian protectorate.
Relations between Italy and Menelik deteriorated over the next few years until the First Italo-Ethiopian War broke out in 1895, when Crispi ordered Italian troops into the country. Outnumbered and poorly equipped, the result was a humiliating defeat for Italy at the hands of Ethiopian forces at the Battle of Adwa in 1896, the first defeat by an African indigenous people of a colonial power, and a major blow to the Italian empire in East Africa, as well as to Italian prestige.
On 7 September 1901, a concession in Tientsin was ceded to the Kingdom of Italy by Imperial China. It was administered by Rome's Consul. Several ships of the Italian Royal Navy ("Regia Marina") were based at Tientsin.
A wave of nationalism that swept Italy at the turn of the 20th century led to the founding of the Italian Nationalist Association, which pressed for the expansion of Italy's empire. Newspapers were filled with talk of revenge for the humiliations suffered in Ethiopia at the end of the previous century, and of nostalgia for the Roman era. Libya, it was suggested, as an ex-Roman colony, should be "taken back" to provide a solution to the problems of southern Italy's population growth. Fearful of being excluded altogether from North Africa by Britain and France, and mindful of public opinion, Prime Minister Giovanni Giolitti ordered the declaration of war on the Ottoman Empire, of which Libya was part, in October 1911. As a result of the Italo-Turkish War, Italy gained Libya and the Dodecanese Islands.
World War I and aftermath (1914–1922).
In 1915, Italy agreed to enter World War I on the side of Britain and France; and, in return, was guaranteed territory at the Treaty of London, both in Europe and, should Britain and France gain Germany's African possessions, in Africa.
Prior to direct intervention in World War I, Italy occupied the Albanian port of Vlorë in December 1914. In the fall of 1916, Italy started to occupy southern Albania. In 1916, Italian forces recruited Albanian irregulars to serve alongside them. Italy, with permission of the Allied command, occupied Northern Epirus on 23 August 1916, forcing the neutralist Greek Army to withdraw its occupation forces from there. In June 1917, Italy proclaimed central and southern Albania as a protectorate of Italy while Northern Albania was allocated to the states of Serbia and Montenegro. By 31 October 1918, French and Italian forces expelled the Austro-Hungarian Army from Albania.
Dalmatia was a strategic region during World War I that both Italy and Serbia intended to seize from Austria-Hungary. The Treaty of London guaranteed Italy the right to annex a large portion of Dalmatia in exchange for Italy's participation on the Allied side. From 5–6 November 1918, Italian forces were reported to have reached Lissa, Lagosta, Sebenico, and other localities on the Dalmatian coast. By the end of hostilities in November 1918, the Italian military had seized control of the entire portion of Dalmatia that had been guaranteed to Italy by the Treaty of London and by 17 November had seized Fiume as well. In 1918, Admiral Enrico Millo declared himself Italy's Governor of Dalmatia. Famous Italian nationalist Gabriele d'Annunzio supported the seizure of Dalmatia, and proceeded to Zara in an Italian warship in December 1918.
However, at the concluding Treaty of Versailles in 1919, Italy received far less in Europe than had been promised, and none overseas. In April 1920, it was agreed between the British and Italian foreign ministers that Jubaland would be Italy's compensation, but Britain held back on the deal for several years, aiming to use it as leverage to force Italy to cede the Dodecanese to Greece.
Fascism and the Italian Empire (1922–1940).
In 1922, the leader of the Italian fascist movement, Benito Mussolini, became Prime Minister of Italy after the March on Rome. Mussolini resolved the question of sovereignty over the Dodecanese at the 1923 Treaty of Lausanne, which formalized Italian administration of both Libya and the Dodecanese Islands, in return for a payment to Turkey, the successor state to the Ottoman Empire, though he failed in an attempt to extract a mandate of a portion of Iraq from Britain.
The month following the ratification of the Lausanne treaty, Mussolini ordered the invasion of the Greek island of Corfu after the murder of an Italian general at the Greco-Albanian border. The Italian press supported the move, noting that Corfu had been a possession of the Republic of Venice for four hundred years. Though the matter was taken by Greece to the League of Nations, Mussolini successfully resisted its pressure, and it was only the threat of war with Britain that convinced him to evacuate Italian troops, in return for reparations from Greece. The confrontation over Corfu, and Italy's obvious determination never to give up sovereignty over the Dodecanese, led Britain and Italy to resolve the question of Jubaland in 1924: it was merged into Italian Somaliland.
To the west of Italy, the Fascists claimed that the territories of Corsica, Nice, and Savoy held by France, were Italian lands.
In Eastern Europe, the Fascist regime claimed Dalmatia and held imperial designs on Albania, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Vardar Macedonia, and Greece based on the precedent of previous Roman dominance in these regions. In the Balkans, Dalmatia and Slovenia were to be directly annexed into Italy while the remainder of the Balkans was to be transformed into Italian client states. The regime also sought to establish protective patron-client relationships with Austria, Hungary, Romania, and Bulgaria.
In the 1930s, the Fascist regime had designs on the largely Italian-populated region of Ticino and part of the largely Romansch-populated region of Graubünden in Switzerland (the Romansch are a people with an Latin-based dialect). The Fascist regime accused the Swiss government of oppressing the Romansch people in Graubünden. Mussolini argued that Romansch was an Italian dialect and thus Graubünden should be incorporated into Italy. In February 1938, the Swiss government responded to the Italian threat to Switzerland's territorial integrity by establishing Romansch as a "national language", but not an official language.
Italy's stance towards Spain and Portugal shifted between the 1920s and the 1940s. The Fascist regime in the 1920s held deep antagonism towards Spain due to the Spanish government's pro-French foreign policy. Spain's pro-French alignment was re-affirmed by the new regime of Miguel Primo de Rivera, which rose to power in the 1920s. In 1926, Mussolini began aiding the Catalan separatist movement, which was led by Francisco Macià, against the Spanish government. With the rise of a pro-French left-wing Republican government replacing the Spanish monarchy, Spanish monarchists and fascists repeatedly approached Italy for aid in overthrowing the Republican government, in which Italy agreed to support them in order to establish a pro-Italian government in Spain. In July 1936, Francisco Franco of the Nationalist faction in the Spanish Civil War requested Italian support against the ruling Republican faction, and guaranteed that, if Italy supported the Nationalists, "future relations would be more than friendly" and that Italian support "would have permitted the influence of Rome to prevail over that of Berlin in the future politics of Spain" essentially saying that Spain would be a client state of Italy. In the 1920s, Italy regarded Portugal as a weak country that was unbecoming of a colonial power due to its weak hold on its colonies and mismanagement of them, and, as such, Italy desired to annex Portugal's colonies. Italy's relations with Portugal were influenced by the rise to power of the authoritarian conservative nationalist regime of Salazar, which borrowed fascist methods; though Salazar upheld Portugal's traditional alliance with Britain.
During the late 1920s, imperial expansion became an increasingly favoured theme in Mussolini's speeches. He argued that Italy needed an outlet for its "surplus population", and that it would therefore be in other countries' best interests to aid in this expansion.
One day after the United Kingdom signed the Anglo-Italian Easter Pact, Mussolini and foreign minister Ciano issued demands for concessions in the Mediterranean by France, particularly regarding Corsica, Djibouti, Tunisia and the French-run Suez Canal. Three weeks later, Mussolini told Ciano that he intended for Italy to demand a new border with France at the river Var and running along the Alps mountains, though not Savoy that had been claimed in the past because it was outside the circle of the Alps; as well as demanding Ticino from Switzerland; and an Italian takeover of Albania. Mussolini professed that Italy would only be able to "breathe easily" if it had acquired a contiguous colonial domain in Africa from the Atlantic to the Indian Oceans, and when ten million Italians had settled in them. In 1938, Italy demanded a sphere of influence in the Suez Canal in Egypt, specifically demanding that the French-dominated Suez Canal Company accept an Italian representative on its board of directors. Italy opposed the French monopoly over the Suez Canal because, under the French-dominated Suez Canal Company, all Italian merchant traffic to its colony of Italian East Africa was forced to pay tolls on entering the canal.
Amongst Mussolini's (not-publicly proclaimed) aims were that Italy had to become the dominant power in the Mediterranean that would be able to challenge France or Britain, as well as attain access to the Atlantic and Indian Oceans. Mussolini alleged that Italy required uncontested access to the world's oceans and shipping lanes to ensure its national sovereignty. This was elaborated on in a document he later drew up in 1939 called "The March to the Oceans", and included in the official records of a meeting of the Grand Council of Fascism. This text asserted that maritime position determined a nation's independence: countries with free access to the high seas were independent; while those who lacked this, were not. Italy, which only had access to an inland sea without French and British acquiescence, was only a "semi-independent nation", and alleged to be a "prisoner in the Mediterranean":
This goal entailed a vast programme of colonial expansion toward Ethiopia in the east and Nigeria, Cameroon, and the Guinea coast in the west.
In both 1932 and 1935, Italy demanded a mandate of the former German Cameroon and a free hand in Ethiopia from France in return for Italian support against Germany (see Stresa Front). This was refused by French Prime Minister Édouard Herriot, who was not yet sufficiently worried about the prospect of a German resurgence.
During the Spanish Civil War, Italy intervened with the intention of annexing the Balearic Islands and Ceuta and creating a client state in Spain. Italy sought the acquisition of the Balearic Islands due to its strategic position - Italy could use the islands as a base to disrupt the lines of communication between France and its North African colonies and between British Gibraltar and Malta. Prior to all-out intervention by Italy in Spain, Mussolini authorized "volunteers" to go to Spain, resulting in the Fascist Blackshirt leader Arconovaldo Bonaccorsi (also known as "Count Rossi") leading a raiding force that landed on, and seized control of, Majorca, the largest Balearic island. Bonaccorsi was sent to Majorca to be the Italian proconsul in the Balearics. Bonaccorsi proclaimed that Italy would occupy the island in perpetuity. Bonaccorsi initiated a brutal reign of terror in Majorca, arranging the murder of 3,000 people on the island, including emptying its prisons by having all prisoners shot. Bonaccorsi was later rewarded by Italy for his activity in Majorca. During the aftermath of the Battle of Majorca, and the subsequent Falangist terror, the commander of the Italian forces, Arconovaldo Bonaccorsi renamed the main street of Palma de Majorca "Via Roma", and adorned it with statues of Roman eagles. Italian flags were flown over the island. Italian forces dominated Majorca, with Italians openly manning the Majorcan airfields at Alcúdia and Palma, as well as Italian warships being based in the harbour of Palma. Italian forces launched air raids from Majorca against Republican-held cities on mainland Spain. The buildup of Italian bomber aircraft on the island's airfields in late 1937 was viewed by France as provocative and threatening, and France responded by sending forces to the British garrison base in Mahón. After the victory by Franco and the Nationalists in the war, Allied intelligence was informed that, in April 1940, Italy was pressuring Spain to permit an Italian occupation of the Balearic Islands.
During the 1930s, emigration to the colonies was encouraged due to a belief that Italy was suffering from "excess population". Most went to Libya, which, by 1938, contained 89,098 Italians, primarily concentrated in the coastal cities of Tripoli and Benghazi. The coastline of Libya was referred to as Italy's "Fourth Shore" (in Italian: "quarta sponda").
There was emigration to Italian East Africa as well. According to the 1931 census, there were 4,188 Italians in Eritrea and 1,631 in Italian Somaliland., But, by 1939, their number increased to more than 75,000 in Italian Eritrea and more than 50,000 in Somalia. During the five-year occupation of Ethiopia, roughly 300,000 Italians were absorbed into the conquered East African Empire; however, fully one-third of these were military personnel. After a difficult period under Rodolfo Graziani, Italian East Africa was ruled more successfully by Amedeo, 3rd Duke of Aosta. The Duke brought a program of progressive improvement that included 2,000 miles of new paved roads, 25 hospitals, 14 hotels, dozens of post offices, telephone exchanges, aqueducts, schools, and shops. Even so, the tight grip on security that the Italians maintained did not extend initially far beyond the main population centers of Ethiopia (but, by early 1940, nearly three-quarters of Abyssinian territory was fully Italian-controlled).
In 1939, Italy invaded and captured Albania and made it a part of the Italian Empire as a separate kingdom in personal union with the Italian crown. The region of modern-day Albania had been an early part of the Roman Empire, which had actually been held before northern parts of Italy had been taken by the Romans, but had long since been populated by Albanians, even though Italy had retained strong links with the Albanian leadership and considered it firmly within its sphere of influence. It is possible that Mussolini simply wanted a spectacular success over a smaller neighbour to match Germany's absorption of Austria and Czechoslovakia. Italian King Victor Emmanuel III took the Albanian crown, and a fascist government under Shefqet Verlaci was established to rule over Albania.
World War II (1940–1943).
Mussolini entered World War II on the side of Adolf Hitler with plans to enlarge Italy's territorial holdings. He had designs on an area of western Yugoslavia, southern France, Corsica, Malta, Tunisia, part of Algeria, an Atlantic port in Morocco, French Somaliland and British Egypt and Sudan. Mussolini also mentioned to Italo Balbo his ambitions of capturing British and French territories in the Cameroons and founding an "Italian Cameroon", in the hope that Italy could establish a colony on the Atlantic coast of Africa.
On 10 June 1940, Mussolini declared war on Britain and France. Both countries had been at war with Nazi Germany since September of the previous year. Mussolini's troops invaded southern France, but an armistice was soon signed between France and Germany. As a result, Italian troops pressed no further than a few miles into France, with the city of Menton being the only considerable gain from the offensive. Two days later, a separate agreement between France and Italy ceded Nice and parts of the Savoy to Italy.
In July 1940, Italian foreign minister Count Ciano presented Hitler with a document of Italy's demands that included: the annexation of Corsica, Nice, and Malta; protectorates in Tunisia and a buffer zone in Algeria; independence with Italian military presence and bases in Lebanon, Palestine, Syria, and Transjordan as well as expropriation of oil companies in those territories; military occupation of Aden, Perim and Sokotra; Cyprus given to Greece in exchange for Corfu and Ciamuria given to Italy; Italy is given British Somaliland, Djibuti, French Equatorial Africa up to Chad, as well as Ciano adding at the meeting that Italy wanted Kenya and Uganda as well. Hitler accepted the document without any comment.
In October 1940, keen to emulate the successes that Hitler was enjoying, Mussolini ordered the invasion of Greece from Albania. But, the invasion faltered, and the Italians were soon pushed back into Albania.
In April 1941, Germany launched an invasion of Yugoslavia and then attacked Greece. Italy and other German allies supported both actions. The German and Italian armies overran Yugoslavia in about two weeks and, despite British support in Greece, the Axis troops overran that country by the end of April. The Italians gained control over portions of both occupied Yugoslavia and occupied Greece. A member of the House of Savoy, Prince Aimone, 4th Duke of Aosta, ruled over the newly created Independent State of Croatia as the King Tomislav II.
During the height of the Battle of Britain, the Italians launched an attack on Egypt in the hope of capturing the Suez Canal. By 16 September 1940, the Italians advanced 60 miles across the border. However, in December, the British launched Operation Compass and, by February 1941, the British had cut off and captured the Italian 10th Army and had driven deep into Libya. A German intervention prevented the fall of Libya and the combined Axis attacks drove the British back into Egypt until summer 1942, before being stopped at El Alamein. This was followed by a slow retreat by the Axis and a subsequent occupation of Tunisia.
The East African Campaign started with Italian advances into British-held Kenya, British Somaliland, and Sudan. In the summer of 1940, Italian armed forces successfully invaded all of British Somaliland. But, by the end of 1941, the British had counter-attacked and pushed deep into Italian East Africa. By 5 May, Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia had returned to Addis Ababa to reclaim his throne. In November, the last organised Italian resistance ended with the fall of Gondar. However, following the surrender of East Africa, some Italians conducted a guerrilla war which lasted for two more years.
In November 1942, when the Germans occupied Vichy France during Case Anton, Italian-occupied France was expanded with the occupation of Corsica.
End of empire (1943–1960).
By the fall of 1943, the Italian Empire and all dreams of an Imperial Italy effectively came to an end.
On 7 May, the surrender of Axis forces in Tunisia and other near continuous Italian reversals, led King Victor Emmanuel III to plan the removal of Mussolini (who was officially not a dictator like Hitler, but a prime minister). Following the Invasion of Sicily, all support for Mussolini evaporated.
A meeting of the Grand Council of Fascism was held on 24 July. After the meeting had ended that night, Dino Grandi organized the opposition against Mussolini, who was subsequently deposed and arrested by the King on the following afternoon. Afterwards, Mussolini remained a prisoner of the King until 12 September, when, on the orders of Hitler, he was rescued by German paratroops and became leader of the Italian Social Republic.
Outwardly, the new Italian government under the King and Field Marshal Pietro Badoglio remained part of the Axis. But, secretly, it started negotiations with the Allies. On the eve of the American landings at Salerno, which started the Allied invasion of Italy, the new Italian government secretly signed an armistice with the Allies. On 8 September, the armistice was made public.
In Albania, Yugoslavia, the Dodecanese, and other territories still held by the Italians, German military forces successfully attacked their former Italian allies and ended Italy's rule.
Some Italian troops in the Balkans chose to join the resistance fighting against the Germans there. During the Dodecanese Campaign, an Allied attempt to take the Dodecanese with the cooperation of the Italian troops ended in total German victory.
In China, the Imperial Japanese Army occupied Italy's concession in Tientsin after getting news of the armistice. Later in 1943 the Italian Social Republic formally ceded control of the concession to Japan's puppet regime in China, the Reorganized National Government of China under Wang Jingwei.
In 1947, the Italian Republic formally lost all her overseas colonial possessions as a result of the Treaty of Peace with Italy. There were discussions to maintain Tripolitania (a province of Italian Libya) as the last Italian colony, but these were not successful.
In November 1949, Italian Somaliland was made a United Nations Trust Territory under Italian administration. This lasted until 1 July 1960, when Italian Somaliland was granted its independence and, together with British Somaliland, formed the Somali Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="18936314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936314" title="Xincab">
Xincab

Xincab (also, Khindzhab, Khyndzhav, and Khynozhov) is a village and municipality in the Kangarli Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 604. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936318" title="2001 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
2001 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 2001 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Poznań, Poland at Lake Malta. The Polish city had hosted the event previously in 1990.
The men's competition consisted of nine Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Women competed in nine events, all kayak. The women's K-4 1000 m event was added at these championships, the last change to the program until a new program was approved for the 2009 event at the 2008 ICF Congress in Rome.
This was the 31st championships in canoe sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18936319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936319" title="Qıvraq">
Qıvraq

Qıvraq (also, Givrakh, Kivrag, Kivrakh, Kyvrak, and Kyvrakh) is a village and municipality in, and is the administrative center of, the Kangarli Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 4,444. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936320" title="Farah Weheliye Addo">
Farah Weheliye Addo

Farah Weheliye Addo (, ), also known as Sindiko (born 1935 or 1940, died November 19, 2008), was a prominent Somali sports administrator.
Biography.
Addo hailed from the Harti Abgaal clan. He spent many years in a leadership role in international sports. A former referee, he would later become chairman of the Somalian Football Association, the Council for East and Central Africa Football Associations, and of the Somalian Olympic Committee. Farah was also a former first vice-president of the African Football Confederation (CAF) and an Honorary Member of the organisation.
Addo died on Wednesday November 19, 2008 in Egypt, at the age of 73.

</doc>
<doc id="18936322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936322" title="Nursu">
Nursu

Nursu (also, Nurs, Nore, and Nura) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 799. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936323" title="Józef Farny">
Józef Farny

Józef Farny (born January 12, 1864 in Cierlicko Dolne, d. January 6, 1952 in Nawsie) was Polish teacher, activist and pomologist.
He finished German Teachers Seminary in Cieszyn in 1883. Later he worked as a teacher in Ustroń. On January 1, 1887 he became manager of primary school in Nawsie. Farny retired in 1920.
Józef Farny was member of Polskie Towarzystwo Pedagogiczne and communal secretary.

</doc>
<doc id="18936328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936328" title="Bruce McAbee">
Bruce McAbee

Bruce McAbee (born 1951) is an American farmer and financial services executive specializing in agricultural lending who established scholarship programs for future New Mexico agricultural entrepreneurs when he served as president and CEO (2003–2008) of Farm Credit of New Mexico, the state's largest agricultural lender, before becoming executive vice president (EVP) of Fresno Madera Farm Credit in 2008.
Personal history and education.
McAbee was born in Earlimart, California, and raised on his family's cotton and grape farm. He served for four years in the United States Air Force and then attended California State University, Fresno, in Fresno, California, where he earned a bachelor's degree in agricultural business. Following his graduation in 1974, McAbee ran his own farm for three years before starting his agricultural-lending career in central California over the next 25 years.
With his family, he lived and worked in Albuquerque, New Mexico, from 2003 to 2008, before moving back to Fresno, California, in the summer of 2008, to assume an executive vice presidency at Fresno Madera Farm Credit, where he had previously worked for ten years, from 1993 to 2003.
Career in banking and agricultural lending.
Initial positions.
McAbee’s early work in the agricultural lending sector included positions at Yuma Production Credit Association, Bank of America, and Bakersfield Production Credit Association. From 1993 to 2003, he was senior vice president and director of credit operations for Fresno Madera Farm Credit in Fresno, California.
Farm Credit of New Mexico.
In 2003, succeeding Joe E. "Eddy" Ratliff, he became president and CEO of Farm Credit of New Mexico, the state’s largest agricultural lender, where he sought to expand credit opportunities for young people interested in beginning or maintaining careers in farming and ranching. McAbee launched the Growing Futures program in 2005, which readjusted lending requirements while reducing interest rates and waiving fees for borrowers ages 35 and younger. In an interview published in "New Mexico Business Weekly", McAbee explained the genesis of the Growing Futures program and its mission: "We looked around the state and realized that we needed to do whatever we could to encourage young farmers and ranchers to stay in the state and to make agriculture their livelihood. There are not that many incentives for young people to stay on the farm."
In 2006, McAbee also launched a $250,000 scholarship program providing a $2,000 annual scholarship to the children and grandchildren of Farm Credit of New Mexico members enrolled as undergraduates at New Mexico State University.
During the 2008 U.S. federal campaign election cycle, as president and CEO of Farm Credit of New Mexico, McAbee contributed to the Farm Credit Council Political Action Committee (PAC), as he had also done since 2003 as both vice president and president of that credit institution. Representing Farm Credit of New Mexico, as its president, he sent a letter endorsing the legislative lobbying organization People for Preserving Our Western Heritage.
Fresno Madera Farm Credit.
In July 2008, McAbee resigned from Farm Credit of New Mexico, where he was succeeded by Alfred Porter, Jr., and returned to Fresno Madera Farm Credit (FMFC), in Fresno, California, in order to join the administration of President Tom Brown, in which he had worked from 1999 to 2003, as an executive vice president (EVP).

</doc>
<doc id="18936329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936329" title="Yurdçu">
Yurdçu

Yurdçu (also, Yurdchu and Yurtchi) is a village and municipality in the Kangarli Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,068. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936343" title="Amethyst Initiative">
Amethyst Initiative

The Amethyst Initiative is an organization made up of U.S. college presidents and chancellors that in July 2008 launched a movement calling for the reconsideration of U.S. legal drinking age, particularly the minimum age of 21. The National Minimum Drinking Age Act of 1984 requires all US states to raise their minimum age for purchase and public possession of alcohol to 21 or face a reduction in highway funds under the Federal-Aid Highway Act. The Amethyst Initiative was initiated by John McCardell, founder of Choose Responsibility, a former professor of history at Middlebury College in Middlebury, Vermont and current Vice-Chancellor of , and is currently supported by 135 college presidents who signed a statement proclaiming, "It’s time to rethink the drinking age".
According to Greek and Roman legend, amethysts protected their owners from drunkenness.
Purpose.
The Amethyst Initiative states that, in their experience as university presidents, they have observed, "Alcohol education that mandates abstinence as the only legal option has not resulted in significant constructive behavioral change among our students," and therefore they urge lawmakers "to invite new ideas about the best ways to prepare young adults to make responsible decisions about alcohol".
Gustavus Adolphus College President Jack R. Ohle said in a statement that the initiative is not about lowering the drinking age, but to open a debate on alcohol policies that affect young people and their choices about alcohol use. 
Statement.
The Amethyst Initiative states the following:
Signatories.
Signatories of the initiative include:
Criticism.
The initiative has been criticized by several groups and government and industry officials, including Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD). Joining MADD's criticism are other groups, including the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, the American Medical Association, and the National Transportation Safety Board.
A spokesman for the Governors Highway Safety Association told the "Washington Post" that university leaders "are really just punting on the issue and leaving the high school principals to deal with it." However, Amethyst Initiative's parent organization, Choose Responsibility, proposes that only high school graduates should be eligible.
In a press release, MADD argues that lowering the drinking age would result in greater numbers of fatal automobile accidents, and that the presidents are "looking for an easy way out of an inconvenient problem" and "misrepresenting science." MADD cited former U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary, and current University of Miami president Donna Shalala statement that "maintaining the legal drinking age at 21 is a socially and medically sound policy that helps parents, schools and law enforcement protect our youth from the potentially life-threatening effects of underage drinking."
Choose Responsibility argues that scientific evidence supports the Amethyst Initiative's views and goals.</ref> and refutes some of MADD's past claims.</ref>
Radley Balko, of "Reason," wryly noted inconsistency opponents of the Amethyst Initiative believe that it "would be a "national tragedy" to, for example, allow 19- and 20-year-old men and women returning from Iraq and Afghanistan to have a beer in celebration of completing their tours of duty." Balko also noted research showing that underage drinking laws had not reduced highway deaths.
In November 2008, the Student Senate at the University of Wisconsin–La Crosse rejected a proposal to urge that university's chancellor to sign the Amethyst Initiative." Supposedly the first such attempt by a student body to ask a president or chancellor to sign on, the measure at UW–L was defeated 14-19 after three weeks' debate. Chancellor Joe Gow said this vote, "certainly defies the 'conventional wisdom' regarding young people being eager to lower the drinking age." "

</doc>
<doc id="18936351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936351" title="Aboriginal child protection">
Aboriginal child protection

Aboriginal child protection describes services designed specifically for protection of the children of "aboriginal" or indigenous peoples, particularly where these peoples are a minority within a country. They may differ at international, national, legal, cultural, social, professional and program levels from general or mainstream child protection services. Fundamental human rights are a source of many of the differences. Aboriginal child protection may be an integral or a distinct aspect of mainstream services or it may be exercised formally or informally by an aboriginal people itself. There has been controversy about systemic genocide in child protection systems enforced with aboriginal children in post-colonial societies.
International.
"In the second half of the twentieth century, removing children from their parents in order to change a people and a culture came to be recognized as an act of oppression, formally considered by the United Nations to be a form of genocide."
Many distinct aspects of aboriginal child protection are thus related to international human rights law including the 1951 "Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide", the 1976 "International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights", the 1986 "Declaration on Social and Legal Principles Relating to the Protection and Welfare of Children, with Special Reference to Foster Placement and Adoption Nationally and Internationally" the 1989 "United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child", and the 2007 "United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples"
The latter Declaration provides: "Indigenous peoples have the collective right to live in freedom, peace and security as distinct peoples and shall not be subjected to any act of genocide or any other act of violence, including forcibly removing children of the group to another group."
It is non-binding but may be persuasive even for those states that voted against it.
Within countries, the expression of aboriginal child protection may be seen to be entangled with issues relating to the right of self-determination of indigenous peoples.
National.
The domestic law of a country does not generally recognize an international law unless it is specifically introduced by the domestic law of that country.
This may occur by express statutory provision or by a domestic court having regard to an international norm as reflecting social progress.
Even without being specifically introduced into domestic law, international norms may have political effects especially in countries that actively espouse human rights.
Aboriginal child protection issues tend to be prominent in countries colonized by a new majority population within the last few centuries.
Assimilative policies arose, regardless of whether colonization proceeded mainly by force as in the United States of America and Australia or by treaty as in Canada and New Zealand.
By the end of the twentieth century, assimilative policies were generally replaced in legislation, policy or practice by the Aboriginal Child Placement Principle which "outlines a preference for the placement of Aboriginal children with Aboriginal people when they are placed outside their families.
The order of preference is generally that an Aboriginal child be placed: within the child’s extended family; or, if this is not possible, within the child’s Aboriginal community; and, failing that, with other Aboriginal people."
Versions of this principle refashioned aboriginal child protection in Western post-colonial democracies along lines shaped by constitutional responsibilities: state in Australia, federal in the United States, federal/provincial in Canada and national in New Zealand, with constitutionalized Treaties playing a pivotal role in New Zealand and an emerging role in Canada.
Australia.
In Australia, “Traditionally, the Aboriginal family was a collaboration of clans composed of mothers, fathers, uncles, aunties, brothers, sisters, cousins and so on. This size of family was the norm but is recognised in today's terms as an 'extended family'.” In 1983, a Family Court worker noted: "strength of family affiliation goes a long way to explain the preservation of a distinct culture that has defied assimilation despite aggressive government policies for over a century." Constitutionally, "The responsibility for legislating for children's welfare lies with each State and Territory Government in Australia." The Aboriginal Child Placement Principle was formulated in Australia in the late 1970s and 1980s. Different child welfare legislation in each state and territory make it difficult to determine the effectiveness of the principle. "any Indigenous families prefer to make informal arrangements where possible for the care of children by extended family members. This distrust of the system is one of the reasons for the shortage of Indigenous carers in most jurisdictions in Australia."
Canada.
Child protection for aboriginal peoples of Canada has tended from Confederation in 1867 to fall between the chairs.
Constitutional arrangements in Canada assigned "Indians" to federal and child protection to provincial authorities.
Several generations of family life for many aboriginal peoples were devastated by a policy designed to "kill the Indian in the child" effectuated through a compulsory residential school program.
In the 1960s, many aboriginal children were forcibly removed from their families and adopted by non-aboriginal parents.
In 1985, a Judge found that "Cultural genocide has been taking place in a systematic routine manner." 
During the 1980s, "First Nations peoples initiatives in developing proposals of their own and in negotiating agreements with governments. ... First Nations peoples service models which reflect[ed the experiences of their communities, cultures and histories."
In 1982, aboriginal rights were protected in the Canadian Constitution.
Developments in case law suggest that since 1982 aboriginal peoples' rights to cultural integrity have been constitutionally protected.
Subsequently, some provinces enacted provisions and established policies for aboriginal child welfare agencies to provide services for aboriginal families on reserves under provincial law.
They depend upon federal funding.
"Native agencies are bound by the same provincial child-welfare laws as their mainstream counterparts, but must survive on far tighter budgets under a strict federal funding formula that takes little account of provincial legislation."
In 2007, the Assembly of First Nations announced that it was filing a complaint with the Canadian Human Rights Commission that discriminatory services violated human rights.
In 2008, Canada's Auditor General found that "Current funding practices do not lead to equitable funding among Aboriginal and First Nations communities."
Currently, "The First Nations are engaged in a struggle to gain control of child welfare in their own communities, and this issue has a significant place in the First Nations movement towards self-determination."
Indigenous peoples exercising the right of self-determination have yet to make it fully effective in respect of aboriginal child protection.
China.
China has numerous indigenous peoples that are designated national ethnic minorities.
China is undergoing extraordinarily rapid economic growth and urbanization from a recent baseline of extreme poverty.
Provincial, county and township governments have difficulty financing social services.
In these circumstances, "The majority of protective children are who are abandoned and disabled. ... It is almost unimaginable that child will be moved from the birthfamily due to child abuse and neglect by his or her birthparent(s)."
A 2005 study sponsored by the All-China Women's Federation, UNICEF and Peking University and supported by the government of China found that child abuse is widespread in China.
In the absence of state intervention to protect children within their families, aboriginal child protection tends to not be an issue.
Ethnic minority families are exempted from the one-child policy, removing for ethnic minority populations one of the main reasons for child abandonment.
In China, “Every ethnic group has the freedom to use its own spoken and written languages, and to retain or change its customs. ... ational minorities exercise regional autonomy.
Where national minorities live in compact communities autonomous organs of self-government are established…. The minority people … exercise autonomous rights, masters in their own areas and administer the internal affairs of their ethnic group."
"Recent reform efforts in China's child welfare practices have focused on the importance of providing safe, permanent families for children in lieu of long-term institutional care. Although challenges still exist, adoption and foster care are increasingly being seen as viable alternatives for these children."
The combination of autonomous rights and absence of intrusive mainstream child protection services in China tends to defuse the principal driving forces underlying aboriginal child protection in other countries.
New Zealand.
In New Zealand, social services established with the "Child Welfare Act" in 1925 "displayed little regard for the extended kin networks of Māori children." In 1955, New Zealand law retroactively abolished Māori customary adoptions. In 1982, a report recommended changes to the Department of Social Welfare to meet Māori needs. "The report's recommendations, all accepted by the then Minister, focusupon the need for the department to function in a bicultural manner and to share responsibility and authority for decisions with appropriate Māori people." By the late 1980s, "notions of social work accountability, along with the pivotal role accorded family and whanau, had tipped the balance of care and protection work away from professionals. 'Family solutions to family problems', an important philosophy of child welfare work for many years, became more significant as family decision-making assumed importance." In 1989, New Zealand passed ground-breaking new legislation, based on a philosophy of kinship care, that recognized "the importance of cultural identity in child protection policy." "[Kinship care in New Zealand is ... an effort to redress past practices that harmed and alienated Māori children and families."
United States.
Historically, in the United States "Indian tribes ... struggled against the assimilationist policies instituted by the United States which sought to destroy tribal cultures by removing Native American children from their tribes and families. In a stark example of such policies, the purpose articulated in the charter of the first boarding school in the 1890s on the Navajo reservation was 'to remove the Navajo child from the influence of his savage parents.'" In the 1960s, the federal government embarked on a new federal Indian policy of tribal self-determination. "In view of this new policy and the problems facing tribes as a result of the loss of their children, the "Indian Child Welfare Act" was enacted in 1978." Aboriginal child protection is now the subject of a body of federal law and programs. Through the Indian Health Service (IHS), the U.S. government provides "health services to more than 1.8 million Federally-recognized American Indians and Alaska Natives through a system of IHS, tribal, and urban ... operated facilities and programs based on treaties, judicial determinations, and Acts of Congress." The IHS is "the principal Federal health care provider and advocate for the health of American Indians and Alaska Natives". As part of its services, the IHS administers the "Indian Child Abuse and Family Violence Prevention Act" and with the Bureau of Indian Affairs offers model tribal laws for child protection codes on reservation. These services, programs and codes may be culturally and linguistically as well as legally and politically differentiated from those of State-based Child Protective Services but, more generally, "Kinship care has become an integral program option along the continuum of service options in the child welfare system."
Laws.
In a democracy child protection is subject to the rule of law.
Many countries have written laws governing the exercise of state power for child protection. Indigenous peoples had organized societies and customary laws.
Indigenous peoples' customary laws are recognized and enforceable as part of the laws of post-colonial countries.
In the U.S.A., "Customary law still appears in many of the decisions of American state and federal courts. Customary law, part and parcel of the English common law adopted and adapted by the Founders of the United States, recurs less often given that statutory and administrative law dominate the field. In contrast, the importance of customary law in American Indian tribal courts cannot be stated."
In Canada, a court noted that "such rules, whether they result from custom, tradition, agreement, or some other decision making process, are 'laws' in the Dicey constitutional sense."
Inevitably, political tensions over the exercise of self-determination by aboriginal peoples find expression in legal tensions between indigenous, customary laws and post-colonial statutes respecting child protection for aboriginal children.
Indigenous legal principles that reflect a more holistic worldview, and so give relatively greater emphasis to spiritual, cultural and relational needs in addition to physical needs of the child, may add to the legal differences.
Defining "Aboriginal".
As aboriginal child protection returns to its roots among aboriginal peoples, the question of who is aboriginal becomes increasingly pertinent.
Aboriginal customs and colonial statutes were the two main sources of legal definitions of aboriginality. Aboriginal peoples were typically cohesive, numbering only hundreds or perhaps thousands, and collectively knew who they were.
Their customary self-definitions may have been cultural rather than racial because some interbreeding was important for healthy genetic diversity.
Colonial statutes were generally based on race or place.
Today, the challenges of definition span a range from New Zealand's with one officially recognized ethnic minority to China's with 55.
In Australia and Canada, where for jurisdictional reasons child protection laws affecting aboriginal families vary across states and provinces, availability of aboriginal child protection services tends to be defined by place.
Australia.
In Australia, "In his analysis of over 700 pieces of legislation, the legal historian John McCorquodale found no less than 67 different definitions of Aboriginal people."
Canada.
Three constitutionally undefined groups of aboriginal peoples have constitutional rights in Canada.
Of these, only "Indians" are statutorily defined for administrative purposes and the statutory Band scheme does not correspond with Indian peoples.
From its inception in 1876, the "Indian Act" established convoluted but essentially patrilineal definitions of "Indian", an exercise in gender discrimination that was eroded and finally eliminated by court decisions and statutory amendments in the 25 years following the 1982 Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
In general, aboriginal peoples in Canada continue to have the right to define themselves for their own purposes and such definitions may have wider application.
In 1999, Pimicikamak, a Canadian aboriginal people, enacted a citizenship law based on self-identification, acceptance by the people, and objective verifiability.
In 2003, the Supreme Court of Canada prescribed three similar criteria for determining who is a member of a Métis people, reflecting the customary aboriginal definition (with the addition of objective verifiability, which was not an issue in the pre-colonial context).
China.
In China, distinct ethnic groups have been officially defined since 1949. The criteria for recognition of an ethnic group are: a territory in China from which it originated, a distinct language, distinctive customs and a sense of collective identity.
New Zealand.
"The Waitangi Tribunal was established in 1975 by the "Treaty of Waitangi Act 1975". The Tribunal is a permanent commission of inquiry charged with making recommendations on claims brought by Māori relating to actions or omissions of the Crown that breach the promises made in the Treaty of Waitangi."
Bicultural Services.
Except where mandated and provided distinctly from mainstream child protection, aboriginal child protection is necessarily provided through some form of bicultural services. This gives rise to issues of cultural competence.
Standards.
While constitutional arrangements, legal definitions and statutory schemata vary among those Western post-colonial countries where aboriginal child protection issues have most notably emerged, standards for aboriginal child protection tend to converge. Whether mainstream or aboriginal, child protection agencies tend to be professional and to aim for best practice standards. Best practice is implicit in identifying the best interests of the child, the almost universal mantra of modern child welfare statutory mandates and professional practice. Best practice is evidence based; knowledge of the evidence accepts no borders.

</doc>
<doc id="18936354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936354" title="Payız">
Payız

Payız (also, Paiz, Pais, and Payyz) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. According to the US military database Geonet, it has a population of 1,051. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936358" title="Mahmudoba, Shahbuz">
Mahmudoba, Shahbuz

Mahmudoba (also, Makhmudoba) is a village and municipality in the Shahbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 797. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936361" title="Qarababa, Nakhchivan">
Qarababa, Nakhchivan

Qarababa (also, Karababa) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 878. 
People from the village are very talented and friendly.
Qarababa has "Qabaq Tepe" which is called after a myth. It separates Qarababa from Mahmudoba. 
Qarababa has a bridge that connect southern and northern parts of the village. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936365" title="Tomohiro Matsunaga">
Tomohiro Matsunaga

Matsunaga has also competed in 2 SASUKE competitions (21-22), where he failed the Second Stage's Salmon Ladder and the First Stage's Jumping Spider respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18936366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936366" title="Dariusz Szpakowski">
Dariusz Szpakowski

Dariusz Szpakowski (born May 15, 1951 in Warsaw) is a popular Polish Sports commentator, working for the Polish TV. He also used to work for the Polish Radio.
Szpakowski, a graduate of Warsaw’s Jan Zamoyski High School and of Jozef Pilsudski University of Physical Education in Warsaw. As a teenager, he played basketball for Legia Warszawa, then began working as a sports journalist. Szpakowski specializes in football. He announced such events as Olympic Games, World Cup Football as well as UEFA European Football Championship, also matches of the Polish National Team and UEFA Champions League.

</doc>
<doc id="18936367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936367" title="Türkeş">
Türkeş

Türkeş (also, Tirkeş, Tirkesh, and Tyurkesh) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 399. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936370" title="Qarabağlar, Nakhchivan">
Qarabağlar, Nakhchivan

Qarabağlar (also, Karabaglar and Karabaglyar) is a village and the most populous municipality in the Kangarli Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 5,833. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936374" title="Badamlısu">
Badamlısu

Badamlısu (also, Badamlı and Badamlysu) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 635. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936376" title="Ayrınc">
Ayrınc

Ayrınc (also, Arınc, Arindzh, Aryndzh, and Aryndzhkend) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 544. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936378" title="Besik Kudukhov">
Besik Kudukhov

Besik Serodinovich Kudukhov (; 15 August 1986 – 29 December 2013) was a Russian freestyle wrestler of Ossetian descent. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, he won bronze in his category (55 kg). 
Kudukhov was born in Tskhilon, Georgia. He was beaten by Puerto Rican Franklin Gómez in a pre-Olympic tournament in Germany. However, Kudukhov defeated Gómez during the first round at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. He lost the Olympic final to Azeri Toghrul Asgarov.
Kudukhov died on 29 December 2013 in a car crash on a federal highway in southern Russia between Krasnodar Krai and Vladikavkaz.

</doc>
<doc id="18936379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936379" title="Qabıllı">
Qabıllı

Qabıllı (also, Qarabullu and Kabullu) is a village and municipality in the Kangarli Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,025. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936383" title="Ağbulaq, Nakhchivan">
Ağbulaq, Nakhchivan

Ağbulaq (until 2003, Geçəzur, Gecəzur, Gedzhazur, and Gidzhadzur) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 436. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936388" title="Badamlı">
Badamlı

Badamlı (also, Badamly) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,078. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936389" title="Kolanı, Nakhchivan">
Kolanı, Nakhchivan

Kolanı (also, Kelany and Kolany) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,379. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936397" title="Gömür, Nakhchivan">
Gömür, Nakhchivan

Gömür (also, Gëmyur and Kömür) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 474. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936400" title="Kenichi Yumoto">
Kenichi Yumoto

Kenichi Yumoto (; born 4 December 1984 in Wakayama) is a Japanese freestyle wrestler. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, he won the bronze medal in his category (60 kilograms).

</doc>
<doc id="18936401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936401" title="Tumaslı, Nakhchivan">
Tumaslı, Nakhchivan

Tumaslı (also, Tumasly and Tumaslu) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 585. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936405" title="Aşağı Qışlaq">
Aşağı Qışlaq

Aşağı Qışlaq (also, Alimamed-Kishlagi and Ashagy Kyshlak) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 878. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936409" title="Vayxır, Sharur">
Vayxır, Sharur

Vayxır (also, Vaikhir and Vaykhyr) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 914. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936411" title="Ərəbyengicə">
Ərəbyengicə

Ərəbyengicə (also, Ərəb Yengicə, Arab Yengidzha) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 872.

</doc>
<doc id="18936422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936422" title="Vərməziyar">
Vərməziyar

Vərməziyar (also, Vermaziyar) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,237. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936432" title="Şada">
Şada

Şada (also, Sada, Shada, Shadakend, and Shady) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 161. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936433" title="CORS">
CORS

CORS is an abbreviation which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18936434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936434" title="Qışlaqabbas">
Qışlaqabbas

Qışlaqabbas (also, Qışlaq Abbas, Kishlag-Abas, and Kyshlakabbas) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,785. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936438" title="Gərməçataq">
Gərməçataq

Gərməçataq (also, Kərməçatax, Germachata, Kermechatakh, and Kyarmachatakh) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 498. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936444" title="Aşağı Remeşin">
Aşağı Remeşin

Aşağı Remeşin (also, Ashaga-Rameshin and Ashagy Remeshin) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936445" title="Dərvişlər">
Dərvişlər

Dərvişlər (also, Darvishlyar and Dervishlyar) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 552. "Dərvişlər" means Dervishes in the Azerbaijani language.

</doc>
<doc id="18936448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936448" title="Yuxarı Qışlaq">
Yuxarı Qışlaq

Yuxarı Qışlaq (also, Magara-Kishlag and Yukhary Kyshlak) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 516. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936450" title="Xanlıqlar, Nakhchivan">
Xanlıqlar, Nakhchivan

Xanlıqlar (also, Khanlykhlar, Khanlyklar, and Khannykhlar) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,049. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936451" title="Biçənək">
Biçənək

Biçənək (also, Bichanek, Bichenak, and Bichenek) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,157. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936455" title="Liberty National Golf Club">
Liberty National Golf Club

Liberty National is a country club in Jersey City, New Jersey with a course designed by Robert E. Cupp and Tom Kite. The club cost over $250 million to build, making it one of the most expensive golf courses in history. Club designers added amenities such as an on-site heliport, yacht services, a spa and a restaurant. Nine hundred adjacent homes, slated to be built in the coming years, are said to cost from $1.5 million to $5 million. Liberty National is noted as a unique course because of its proximity to both the Statue of Liberty and Manhattan, as well as the fact it was built on a former landfill.
The Barclays.
Liberty National hosted The Barclays, formerly the Westchester Classic, in 2009 after Westchester Country Club decided it would no longer host the event after 40 years of doing so. Heath Slocum won the event with a score of 275 (–9). Liberty National hosted The Barclays again in August 2013, prior to which the course underwent many changes.
Notable members.
Liberty National has notable members such as:

</doc>
<doc id="18936459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936459" title="Əlikli">
Əlikli

Əlikli (also, Alakli and Alyaklu) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,253. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936461" title="Güney Qışlaq">
Güney Qışlaq

Güney Qışlaq (until 2003, Yuxarı Remeşin, Yukhari-Rameshin, and Yukhary Remeshin) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 545. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936464" title="Tom Joyner Morning Show">
Tom Joyner Morning Show

The Tom Joyner Morning Show is a nationally-syndicated program, featuring host Tom Joyner and a team of comedians and commentators reporting and discussing the latest news and sports of the day, playing popular R&B songs from the 1970s through the 1990s as well as contemporary R&B hits, and an on-air soap opera, "It’s Your World"..
Southwest Airlines is a prominent sponsor of the radio show, especially Joyner's on-site remotes (called "Sky Shows"), and offers free round-trip airfare to any destination that Southwest flies as a recurring giveaway on the show.
It can be heard on mobile devices and on the Xbox 360 console via iHeartRadio.
History.
In 1994, Joyner was signed by ABC Radio Networks (now Cumulus Media Networks) to host the show.

</doc>
<doc id="18936465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936465" title="Aşağı Buzqov">
Aşağı Buzqov

Aşağı Buzqov (also, Asağı Buzqov, Ashaga-Buzgov, Ashagy Buzgov, Ashagy-Bizgov, and Ashagy-Byzgov) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 979. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936481" title="Kükü">
Kükü

Kükü (also, Kyuki and Kyukyu) is a village and municipality in the Shakhbuz Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,451. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936484" title="List of number-one singles of 1990 (Ireland)">
List of number-one singles of 1990 (Ireland)

The following is a list of the "IRMA"'s number-one singles of 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18936485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936485" title="Roland Nef">
Roland Nef

Lieutenant-General ("Korpskommandant") Roland Nef (born 1 July 1959 in Frauenfeld) was the Chief of the Armed Forces ("Chef der Armee") of Switzerland in 2008.
Nef, a jurist by profession, succeeded Lt-Gen. Christophe Keckeis in the position of Chief of the Armed Forces in January 2008. In July 2008, Nef resigned his post following media reports that his former partner had accused him of sexual harassment in a criminal complaint. The Swiss Federal Council accepted Nef's resignation on August 20, 2008.
During his military career, Nef held the following ranks and appointments:

</doc>
<doc id="18936486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936486" title="Aşağı Daşarx">
Aşağı Daşarx

Aşağı Daşarx (also, Ashaga Dasharkh and Ashagy Dasharkh) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 371. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936489" title="Yuxarı Buzqov">
Yuxarı Buzqov

Yuxarı Buzqov (also, Yukhari-Buzgov and Yukhary Buzgov) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 154. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936491" title="Çomaxtur">
Çomaxtur

Çomaxtur (also, Chomakhtur) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,050. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936493" title="Siyaqut">
Siyaqut

Siyaqut (also, Siyagut and Siyakut) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,548. 
The village was founded in the 1850s by Assyrian immigrants from Salmas, Persia and remained the only Chaldean Christian village in the South Caucasus, then under the control of the Russian Empire. Beginning in the 1880s, the priest serving in Siyaqut was ordained by the Roman Catholic bishop.

</doc>
<doc id="18936496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936496" title="Dərəkənd, Nakhchivan">
Dərəkənd, Nakhchivan

Dərəkənd (also, Derekend) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,184. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936505" title="Yengicə">
Yengicə

Yengicə (also, Yengidzha and Yenidzha) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,791.

</doc>
<doc id="18936506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936506" title="Green Goblin Reborn!">
Green Goblin Reborn!

"Green Goblin Reborn!" is a 1971 Marvel Comics story arc which features Spider-Man fighting against his arch enemy Norman Osborn, the Green Goblin. This arc was published in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #96-98 (May–July 1971) and was plotted and written by Stan Lee, with art by penciler Gil Kane and inker John Romita Sr. It is recognized as the first mainstream comic publication which portrayed and condemned drug abuse since the formation of the Comics Code Authority, and in time led to the revision of the Code's rigidity.
Plot outline.
In previous issues, Stan Lee had established that Spider-Man's / Peter Parker's arch enemy Norman Osborn (Green Goblin) had amnesia, and thus forgotten his double identity. After changing into Spider-Man, he saves a man dancing on a rooftop, realizes he is high on drugs, and finally says "I would rather face a hundred super-villains than throw my life away on hard drugs, because it is a battle you cannot win!" In issue 97, Osborn Sr. regains his memory, turns into the Green Goblin and attacks Spider-Man, then disappears mysteriously. At home Peter is shocked to find Harry popping pills, partly because his love interest Mary Jane Watson turned him down. In issue 98, Lee concluded the saga by having the Green Goblin locate and fight Spider-Man, and Peter vanquishes his arch enemy by showing him his sick son. Osborn Sr. faints, and in the end Peter and his estranged girlfriend, Gwen Stacy, rekindle their relationship.
Historical significance.
This was the first story arc in mainstream comics that portrayed and condemned the abuse of drugs. This effectively led to the revision of the Comics Code. Previously, the Code forbade the depiction of the use of illegal drugs, even negatively. However, in 1970 the Nixon administration's Department of Health, Education, and Welfare asked Stan Lee to publish an anti-drug message in one of Marvel's top-selling titles. Lee chose the top-selling "The Amazing Spider-Man"; issues #96–98 (May–July 1971) feature a story arc depicting the negative effects of drug use. While the story had a clear anti-drug message, the Comics Code Authority refused to issue its seal of approval. Marvel nevertheless published the three issues without the Comics Code Authority's approval or seal. The issues sold so well that the industry's self-censorship was undercut and the Code was subsequently revised. Weeks later, DC Comics published a two-issue story in the series "Green Lantern" in which Green Arrow's teen-aged ward, Speedy, starts using heroin when his mentor leaves him to travel across America with Green Lantern.
Lee recalled in a 1998 interview:
Marvel Comics editor-in-chief Joe Quesada called it the one Spider-Man comic that made him a lifelong fan, saying his father "encouraged to read these issues and... I really got hooked... What my father didn't realize was that he was starting a whole other addiction [to comic books"

</doc>
<doc id="18936521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936521" title="Albert White (basketball)">
Albert White (basketball)

Albert White (born ) is a professional American basketball player who last played for the London Lightning of the National Basketball League of Canada. Before joining the Lightning, White had played in a variety of domestic and foreign basketball leagues. In high school, he was one of the most highly decorated basketball players in the United States. In college he achieved success after transferring from University of Michigan to University of Missouri, but his success did not lead him to the National Basketball Association (henceforth NBA). Instead, he went to the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) and has since played in various developmental and foreign basketball leagues as a professional.
In high school, he was a "Street & Smith", Parade, and McDonald's All-American and in college he became a first team All-Big 12 Conference player and CNN/Sports Illustrated Big 12 Player of the Year. White was implicated in the University of Michigan basketball scandal, but was not named in the final indictments. He transferred from Michigan to Missouri after his freshman year, which included the basketball scandal, for unrelated reasons. He achieved several firsts for Missouri and led the team to their best season in the Big 12 era in 1998–1999.
He declared himself eligible for the 1999 NBA draft as a redshirt junior and went undrafted. He was drafted in the 1999 CBA draft. He has had multiple stints in the CBA, United States Basketball League (USBL), International Basketball League (IBL) and various foreign leagues. As a professional, he once was named to the All-CBA second team. He was selected as an All-star or All-league player and been part of championship teams in several of the professional leagues he played in.
High school.
Born , White went to high school at Metro Detroit's Inkster High School, where he played basketball. While at Inkster, he placed third in the 1995 Mr. Basketball of Michigan voting, which was won by Robert Traylor. He was named a Parade All-American as a junior according to the Detroit Public School League records, and according to CNN/SI he was honored by Parade as a senior. Prior to his senior season, he was named a "Street & Smith" All-American. As a senior, he was named a McDonald's All-American. He was also named "Detroit News/Detroit Free Press" first-team (known as Dream Team) All-State for both his junior and senior seasons. He was part of one of the most star-studded McDonald's All-American classes with future NBA All-stars Vince Carter, Shareef Abdur-Rahim, Stephon Marbury, Antawn Jamison, Kevin Garnett, Paul Pierce, and Chauncey Billups. During the tenth anniversary of his "Street & Smith" 1994–1995 High School All-America Team, eight of the twenty members were still playing in the NBA.
College.
White was implicated in early investigations of the University of Michigan basketball scandal because he accepted US$37,000. He was not named in later indictments and was not named as having been called before the grand jury. It was not clear how much money White received and how much was given to his friends and family to influence his decision to attend Michigan. Although White was one of several players captured on federal wiretaps and interviewed by both the Federal Bureau of Investigation and Internal Revenue Service, he cooperated fully and did not need to hire a lawyer. He was not among the players called before the grand jury (Robert Traylor, Chris Webber, Jalen Rose, Maurice Taylor, and Louis Bullock) and was not found to have received large amounts of money.
White transferred to the Missouri Tigers men's basketball team due to a clash with Steve Fisher after his freshman year with the Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team. White left the team for what was described as disciplinary reasons. White, who averaged 9.0 points and 4.7 rebounds, had been one of the most improved players during the previous season. He averaged eleven points and seven rebounds during the final seven Big Ten Conference games. Nonetheless, he was suspended for the first semester in October 1996 for violating a team rule.
White played for the 1995–1996 Michigan Wolverines team that went to the 1996 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament as a seventh seed, but lost 80–76 in the first round to the Texas Longhorns men's basketball team. He returned to the 1999 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament as an eighth seed with Missouri, but lost 61–59 in the first round to the New Mexico Lobos men's basketball team. However, as a result of the University of Michigan basketball scandal, Michigan has forfeited all games from the 1995–1996 season. As of 2008, the second place Big 12 finish that season is the only top four placing for the Tigers since the formation of the Big 12 conference during the 1996–1997 season.
During the 1998–1999 season he became the first Missouri Tigers player to lead the team in scoring, rebounds and assists in the same season, and he placed in the top five in the Big 12 in both scoring and rebounding. That season he helped the Missouri Tigers snap the Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team's 35 game home conference winning streak which had extended from February 20, 1994 to January 1999. That season he was twice named Big 12 men's basketball player of the week and made the official All-Big 12 first team. CNN/Sports Illustrated named White the Player of the Year in the Big 12. However, he lost the official conference player of the year award to Venson Hamilton, and he was only listed as a second team All-Big 12 player by the Associated Press.
After his redshirt junior season, he declared himself eligible for the 1999 NBA draft with one year of collegiate eligibility remaining, making him the first Missouri Tiger to declare early for the NBA draft. Although some speculated that he was making a mistake declaring early for the draft, he had the burden of child support and some projected him as a likely draft selection. White went undrafted in the NBA draft after surrendering his final year of eligibility. However, that year some other early draft entrants met with better success: the first four selections (Elton Brand, Steve Francis, Baron Davis, and Lamar Odom) also had surrendered some remaining collegiate eligibility by declaring themselves eligible to be drafted in the NBA draft and high schoolers Jonathan Bender and Leon Smith were drafted in the first round. Many other underclassmen in his draft year such as Ron Artest, Richard Hamilton, and Corey Maggette have gone on to have successful NBA careers.
Professional career.
White was drafted in the 1999 CBA draft by the Sioux Falls Skyforce. During the first year, he was a CBA All-rookie selection. He spent the 1999–2000 and some of the 2000–2001 season with the Sioux Falls Skyforce. He also spent some of 2000–2001 and 2001–2002 with the Florida Sea Dragons of the USBL. During the 2001–2002 he spent part of the year with the USBL's Oklahoma Storm and the Brighton Bears of the British Basketball League (BBL). During the 2002–2003 regular season as a member of the Rockford Lightning, he finished fourth in the CBA in scoring and seventh in offensive rebounds. That season he was named to the All-CBA second team. During the 2003–2004 season he played for the Incheon ET Land Black Slamer of the Korean Basketball League (KBL). During 2005, he played with the Detroit Pros of the IBL. During the 2007–2008 season he led the Pittsburgh Xplosion to the playoffs. In 33 regular season games he averaged 12.6 points and 4.8 rebounds for the 18–15 team. He has also played in the National Superior Basketball of Puerto Rico, Liga Profesional de Baloncesto (LPB) of Venezuela and in various leagues in Italy. Over the course of his professional career he was selected as an All-star or All-league player in the CBA, BBL, KBL and IBL. He has been part of Championship teams in the USBL in 2002, CBA in 2003 and LPB in 2007.
On October 21, 2011, it was announced that White had made the final twelve-man roster for the National Basketball League of Canada's London Lightning. He has since been placed on the inactive reserve list.

</doc>
<doc id="18936529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936529" title="Sarv-e Abarkuh">
Sarv-e Abarkuh

Sarv-e Abar-Kuh (, "cypress of Abar-Kuh"), also called the Zoroastrian Sarv, is a Cupressus sempervirens tree in Abarkuh, Yazd, Iran. It is protected by the Cultural Heritage Organization of Iran as a national natural monument and is indeed a major tourist attraction with a height of 25 metres and circumference of 18 metres. It is estimated to be over 4000 years old and may be the oldest living thing in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="18936531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936531" title="The Legend of Kage 2">
The Legend of Kage 2

Plot.
The player takes control of either Kage, the ninja from the first game (armed with katana and shuriken), or Chihiro, a kunoichi from Iga raised by Hanzo Hattori (armed with kusarigama), both loyal to the shogun Ieyasu Tokugawa. Their mission is to rescue princess Kirihime, who was kidnapped by the demon-controlling villain Yoshiro Yukikusa and his right-hand ninja Yukinosuke Kiri in their attempt to overthrow the early Tokugawa shogunate.
Gameplay.
Kage and Chichiro each have a personal story and 17 different ninjutsu techniques to master. They have skills such as abilities to climb vertical cliffs, hanging from ceilings, and blocking enemy attacks with the sword (which could also be done in the original game). The game introduces ninpo skills such as Bunshin no Jutsu, a technique that creates deadly duplicates of the player. Mastering ninjutsu will enable players to launch powerful elemental attacks and summon monsters.
Reception.
Critical reception has been mixed. "The Legend of Kage 2" has been noted for its difficulty, which was reported to rise considerably after the first level. The game has also been praised for the well-designed boss fights, and crisp, vivid art, but was also criticized for the lack of detail in the environments. The controls have been reported to have minor problems such as being unable to jump immediately after an attack. The story has also been criticized for straying from the original source material, as well as its lack of voiceovers and repetitive level layouts.

</doc>
<doc id="18936548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936548" title="Dockweiler (disambiguation)">
Dockweiler (disambiguation)

Dockweiler may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18936571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936571" title="1959 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1959 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship of 1959 was the 73rd staging of Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Waterford won the championship, beating Kilkenny 3-12 to 1-10 in a replay of the final at Croke Park, Dublin.
The championship.
Format.
Munster Championship.
"First round:" (2 matches) These are two matches between the first four teams drawn from the province of Munster. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winners advance to play each other in a semi-final match.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winners of the two first round games play each other in one semi-final while the two other Munster teams play each othe rin the second semi-final. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the All-Ireland final.
Leinster Championship.
"First round:" (2 matches) These are two matches between the first four teams drawn from the province of Leinster. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winners advance to play each other in a second round match.
"Second round:" (1 match) The winners of the two first round games play each other in this game. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winner of the second round joins the other three Leinster teams to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winner of the two semi-finals contest this game. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the All-Ireland final.
Player facts.
Debutantes.
"The following players made their début in the 1959 championship:"

</doc>
<doc id="18936578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936578" title="Indochinese serow">
Indochinese serow

The Indochinese serow (Capricornis milneedwardsii maritimus) is a vulnerable goat-anteope, a subspecies of the Chinese Serow, native to Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand and Vietnam.
In Cambodia the Indochinese serow is restricted to the forests of the karstic mountain areas in Mondulkiri Province. The main threat in Cambodia comes from logging, hunting as well as landmines and other ordnance left by the conflict.

</doc>
<doc id="18936597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936597" title="Essex Agricultural and Technical High School">
Essex Agricultural and Technical High School

Essex Agricultural and Technical High School is an agricultural and technical high school located in Hathorne section of Danvers, Massachusetts.
The school is home to over 400 high school students.
There are 3 departments; Animal Science, Plant Science and Environmental Science.
Students participate in hands-on learning using school-owned farm animals and farm equipment. The school is home to heavy machinery, many plants and various animals including horses, sheep, goats, llamas, alpacas, cows, snakes, and exotic birds.
Curriculum.
The Aggie requires the basic four parts of curriculum: math, science, history, and literature also allows for three different agricultural fields which students will choose after a brief trail. All students take MCAS testing, Certification of Occupational Proficiency as well as testing for higher education. The school uses an eight day calendar with academic class on four days and agricultural on the others. Students also have physical education for all four years and computer classes for the first two and a career exploration class offered by the guidance department.
History.
Essex Aggie was founded in 1913 on land granted to the school by the decedents of Nathaniel Hawthorne. Since then it has expanded. It will soon be merged with North Shore Technical High School due to financial issues.
Academics.
Academic classes meet on alternate days from agricultural classes at the Aggie. Each year you will have four core academic classes which meet for 90 minutes each, including English, mathematics, history and a science. 
Beginning in the freshman year there is an honors level offering for each course in addition to the middle and basic levels of the courses offered. (as of 2011)
Science
Biology I, Biology II, Chemistry, Chemical Science, Physics, Environmental Issues
History
American History I, American History II, World History Post 1850, International Relations, Global Studies
Math
Pre-Algebra, Algebra I, Geometry, Algebra II, Algebra II with Trigonometry, Calculus
English
American Lit I, American Lit II, World Lit I, Modern World Lit
Agricultural.
The Agricultural aspects of the Aggie are divided into three fields: Plant Science, Animal Science and Environmental Science. Plant Science and Animal Science are also divided further into specific fields.
Plant Science:
Greenhouse and Garden Center Management which prepare students for a field as a florist, floral designer, and an operator at either a greenhouse or garden center. Students work at an on campus greenhouse and take part in two flower sales every year one in December and the other in Spring.
Landscape/Arbor which focuses on construction allowing students learn basic auto maintenance, landscape design and construction and operation of machinery including lawnmowers, Bobcat skid loaders and tractors. It also focuses on the arbor field such as logger and allows students to maintain and operate chainsaws as well as climb trees and take trees down. 
Natural Resources/Park Management which focuses on forestry, trail design and maintenance.
Animal Science:
Veterinary Technology and Equine Science focuses on the equine field and allows students to work with a dozen horses on campus. 
Veterinary Technology and Research Animal Management which focuses on which prepares students for a field as a veterinary technician.
Companion animal and pet shop manager which focuses on preparing students for a field in animal care.
Extracurricular activities.
Student groups and activities at Essex Agricultural and Technical High School include Aggie Awareness Club, art club, drama club, environmental club, equestrian club, National Technical Honor Society, natural health and wellness club, newspaper, outing club, peer leaders, tech club, and yearbook.
The school's athletic teams, known as the Essex Aggie Rams, compete in the Massachusetts Interscholastic Athletic Association Commonwealth League; most teams are cooperatively run with North Shore Technical High School in Middleton. Teams are fielded in baseball, basketball, cheerleading, cross country, football, lacrosse, soccer, softball, and volleyball.

</doc>
<doc id="18936607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936607" title="David F. Evans">
David F. Evans

David Frewin Evans (born August 11, 1951) has been a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) since 2005.
Early life, education, career, and family.
Evans was born in Salt Lake City, Utah. He grew up in Los Angeles, California, where his father David C. Evans worked for Bendix Corporation. His mother, Joy F. Evans, was as a counselor to Barbara W. Winder in the general presidency of the church's Relief Society from 1984 to 1990.
Evans served as a Mormon missionary in the church's Japan Mission from 1970 to 1972. After his mission, he received a bachelor's degree in community health education from the University of Utah and a juris doctorate from Brigham Young University. He then worked as a member of the Salt Lake City law firm of Durham, Jones and Pinegar. He later worked as an executive with SEI USA in Newport Beach, California and was a partner in the law firm of Snell and Willmer.
He married the former Mary Dee Shepherd in 1973 and they are the parents of eight children.
LDS Church service.
In the LDS Church, Evans has served as a bishop, stake Young Men president, scoutmaster, and counselor in a stake presidency. From 1998 to 2001, Evans was president of the church's Japan Nagoya Mission.
In 2002, Evans became the president of the Salt Lake University 4th Stake, a stake for married students of the University of Utah living off-campus. In August 2004, it was decided these individuals should attend the regular geographical wards in which they resided and the stake was disbanded. Evans then became president of the Salt Lake Emigration Stake, a position he remained in until his call as a member of the First Quorum of the Seventy at the church's April 2005 General Conference.
As a general authority, he has served as a counselor and as president of the Asia North Area, Assistant Executive Director in the church's Priesthood and Missionary departments, and since 2011 as Executive Director of the Missionary Department.

</doc>
<doc id="18936609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936609" title="Battle of Tucumán">
Battle of Tucumán

The Battle of Tucumán was a battle fought on 24 and 25 September 1812 near the Argentine city of San Miguel de Tucumán, during the Argentine War of Independence. The Army of the North, commanded by General Manuel Belgrano, defeated the royalist troops commanded by General Pío de Tristán, who had a two-to-one advantage in numbers, halting the royalist advance on Argentina's northwest. Together with the Battle of Salta, on 20 February 1813, the victory at Tucumán allowed the Argentine troops to reaffirm the borders under their control.
Prelude.
The Upper Peru region (present-day Bolivia), was again under royalist control after the rebel defeat at Huaqui, where the inexperienced commander Juan José Castelli was easily defeated by the royalist army.
The orders from the First Triumvirate had placed Belgrano in command of the Army of the North on 27 February 1812, headquartered in Jujuy. From there Belgrano attempted to raise the morale of the troops after the defeat at Huaqui. Under that effort on 25 May he raised in Jujuy the new flag he had created a few months back, and had it blessed in Jujuy's Cathedral by Father Juan Ignacio de Gorriti.
He soon realized that he did not have enough strength to defend the city, and on 23 August he ordered a massive retreat of all the civilian population to the interior of Tucumán Province in what was later known as the Éxodo Jujeño. Civilians and military men retreated, destroying anything that could be of value to the royalists. When the Spaniards entered the city, they found it empty: Tristán wrote to his superior, Perú's viceroy, José Manuel de Goyeneche: 
On orders from the Triumvirate, the Army of the North had to create a stronghold in Córdoba. Instead, Belgrano had the idea of stopping farther north in Tucumán, where the local population was eager to support the army. The 3 September victory at the Battle of Las Piedras between his rearguard and two advance royalist columns confirmed his ideas. He captured the column commander, Colonel Huici and about twenty soldiers. He sent Juan Ramón Balcarce towards the city, ordering him to recruit and train a cavalry troop from the local militia, and deliver letters to the rich and powerful Aráoz family, one of whose members, Lieutenant Gregorio Aráoz de Lamadrid, was among Belgrano's best officers.
The decision: consolidate or give battle.
Balcarce's mission, along with the rumours that his army was retreating to Córdoba, caused consternation in the city. The Cabildo bells rang and the legislature, in public session decided to send three representatives – officers Bernabé Aráoz and Rudecindo Alvarado and the priest doctor Pedro Miguel Aráoz — to Belgrano, to ask that he face the Spanish at Tucumán. Arriving in Tucumán on 13 September, Belgrano met Balcarce with 400 men – without uniforms and with only lances for weapons, but well organized – and the city ready to support them. Belgrano, historians say, did not need more than that pretext to disobey the Triumvirate's retreat orders and stay. He said he would stay if they supplied him with 1,500 cavalry troops, and if they gave him 20,000 silver pesos for the troops, amounts that the legislature decide to grant. Therefore he ignored the Triumvirate's orders of retreat and instead entrenched in Tucumán.
At the same time, the royalist army had difficulty advancing, not finding in the scorched earth tactics supplies or places to stay and rest. Local irregulars organized by the militias were harassing them constantly. On 23 September, Tristán received the news that the rebel army was in the city and ready for battle.
Combat.
In the morning of the 24th, Tristán ordered a march towards the city. Sources say that instead of taking the straight road in, he rounded the central plaza from the South, attempting to prevent a possible rebel movement towards the South. Others say that in the village of Los Pocitos he found burning fields ordered by Dragoons Lieutenant Lamadrid, who counted on the fierceness of the fire and the wind to disorganize the Spanish column.
In the meantime, taking advantage of the confusion created by the fire, Belgrano, who had placed his troops in the very early morning at the North side of the town, had changed his front facing West, counting on having a clear image of Tristán's troop movements. Once he saw them, the quick advance over Tristán's flank barely gave him time to reorganize his front and mount the artillery formation.
Belgrano had organized his cavalry in two wings; the right, commanded by Balcarce, was the bigger of the two, as it included the local gaucho troops recently recruited.
The infantry was divided in three columns, commanded by Colonel José Superí on the left, captain Ignacio Warnes at the center, and Captain Carlos Forest on the right, plus a section of Dragoons, supported the cavalry. A fourth reserve column commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Manuel Dorrego; and Baron Eduardo Kaunitz of Holmberg (who commanded the artillery), was placed between the infantry columns, but was too divided to be effective.
The artillery initiated the battle, bombarding the "Cotabambas" and "Abancay" battalions, who responded with a bayonet charge. Belgrano ordered a response by having Warnes charge with his infantry, along with the cavalry reserve of Captain Antonio Rodríguez, while Balcarce's cavalry charged over Tristán's left flank. The charge had a formidable effect. With lances pointed, and making loud sounds and shouts, they made the royalist cavalry of "Tarija" disband at their charge, retreating over their own infantry and disorganizing it to the point that, almost without resistance, the rebel cavalry reached the enemy's rearguard.
It is impossible to know what effect charging from there in a pincer movement would have had with a rebel force composed of country folk without military discipline. A good portion of the gaucho cavalry broke formation to capture the mules loaded with supplies, including coins and precious metals from the royalist army. They therefore negated their use of supplies and ammunition. Only the Dragoons and regular cavalry under Balcarce stayed in formation at the front, but the loss of their supplies and baggage was enough to disorganize the royalist wing.
On the other side of the front the results were very different where Belgrano was fighting. The royalist's cavalry and infantry advance was unstoppable, with Colonel Superí being taken as prisoner. Even though the strength of the central column allowed the rebels to regain terrain and release Superí, the unequal advances fractured the front, creating a confused battle. The commanders had trouble seeing what was happening and often the decisions were taken by the local unit officers in the heat of battle. At that time a swarm of locusts appeared on the fields, which obscured the battlefield and confused the soldiers.
Tristán attempted to retreat to organize his troops, abandoning his artillery, and in the course found Dorrego's column, virtually unprotected. Along with a troop of infantry of Eustaquio Díaz Vélez, they recovered thirty nine wagons loaded with arms and ammunition which were taken to the city, along with the cannon they could push. The rebels also took many prisoners and the flags of the "Cotabambas", "Abancay" and "Real de Lima" regiments.
Belgrano, at the time not knowing the result, was attempting to reorganize his troops when he found Colonel José Moldes, who was his main observer. Both then found Paz, and through him what remained of the cavalry. Balcarce joined them a while later, being the first to be bold and qualify the battle as a victory, judging by the body-covered field and Spanish equipment remains, even though they did not yet know the fate of the main infantry regiments and what was happening inside the city. It took General Belgrano the rest of the afternoon to reorganize the troops.
At the same time, Tristán was evaluating the loss of his ammunition, most of his artillery and supplies; he ordered the rest of his army, which had lost more than a thousand men between dead and wounded, to form and advance on the city and demand their surrender under threat of burning it. Díaz Vélez and Dorrego, strong in the city by now, responded by threatening to kill the prisoners, including four colonels, if Tristán set fire to the city.
The Spaniard spent the night outside, in doubt over the course to follow; the following morning he found Belgrano's troops at his rear, who demanded his surrender through Colonel Moldes. The royalist commander responded that "the King's soldiers do not surrender", so Tristán retreated towards Salta, while being followed and harassed by 600 men commanded by Díaz Vélez.
Results.
"Even though the victory at Tucumán", writes Mitre, "was the result of unforeseen circumstances", it earns Belgrano "the glory of having won a battle against all probabilities and against the wishes of his own government."
The materiel abandoned by the Spaniards —13 cannons, 358 muskets, 39 wagons, 70 ammunition boxes and 87 tents— would serve the Army of the North in the subsequent campaign. 450 royalists lost their lives in combat and 690, between officers and soldiers, were captured as prisoners. On their side, the defenders only had 80 dead and 200 wounded.
On 27 October they celebrated a thanksgiving mass; in the procession that carried the statue of the "Virgen de las Mercedes" ("Our Lady of Mercy"), Belgrano deposited his command baton, proclaiming the saint as "General of his Army".
Moldes and Holmberg would leave the army, but Belgrano would gain Juan Antonio Álvarez de Arenales, with whom he would start on 12 January the march towards Salta, where the royalists had entrenched.
The victory consolidated the work of the revolution and momentarily ended the danger of a disaster for the rebel forces. If the patriot army would have retreated as ordered, the North Provinces would have been lost to the enemy whom, controlling a vast territory, would have reached Córdoba, where it would have been easier to receive the help from the royalists at the "Banda Oriental" (today's Uruguay) and the Portuguese troops from Brazil.
The victory also had important political consequences, as Belgrano – who had allies in the Logia Lautaro — had defeated the invader against orders from his government and vindicated the requests of the opposicion, when they asked for help to be sent to the Army of the North. In Buenos Aires, three days after the victory was known, the First Triumvirate was overthrown in the revolution of 8 October.
The Second Triumvirate allowed the army soldiers to wear a medal with the inscription: ""La Patria a su defensor en Tucumán"" (""The Motherland to the defenders of Tucumán""); and also ordered that the names of the soldiers be inscribed in the book of honor of the respective Cabildos of Buenos Aires and Tucumán. Belgrano was offered a promotion to Captain General, but he declined the honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18936624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936624" title="Secia">
Secia

Secia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18936632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936632" title="Victrix">
Victrix

Victrix is a genus of moths in the family Noctuidae.

</doc>
<doc id="18936645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936645" title="Deep Voll Brook">
Deep Voll Brook

Deep Voll Brook, also known as Deep Brook (USGS captioned name), is a tributary of Goffle Brook and part of the Passaic River watershed. The brook drains part of the eastern flank of First Watchung Mountain, cutting through portions of Bergen and Passaic county in New Jersey. Heading up the brook from its junction with Goffle Brook, one encounters the towns of Hawthorne and Wyckoff. 
History.
Deep Voll Brook’s name is derived from the Dutch "Diepte Voll", which literally translates to "Deep Fall". The name is accurate, considering the brook features numerous waterfalls and steep slopes. Prior to the 20th century, the brook was known as "Cold Brook", as well as "Muksukemuk", its Lenape name. In the modern era, locals in Hawthorne and Wyckoff have simply come to call the brook and its surrounding terrain "The Ravine".
Local interest in "The Ravine" has spiked in recent years as development has threatened its existence. Many, particularly in Wyckoff, have pushed to see the upland terrain around Deep Voll Brook’s headwaters preserved as open space.

</doc>
<doc id="18936663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936663" title="Anderson House (Danburg, Georgia)">
Anderson House (Danburg, Georgia)

Anderson House is an historic building located in Danburg, Georgia, USA and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. 
The Greek Revival home probably incorporates an earlier structure built in the 1790s and may have been built by Dr. W.D. Quinn. John Anderson built the home as it now stands. The columns were made in Savannah and the mirrors and cornices were made in England. Fine furniture and imported curtains came from New York and Chicago. The 24x35 foot banquet room and the old stone kitchen were located in a separate building connected to the main home by a breezeway. 
The last Anderson to live in the home was Miss Pink Anderson. This was during the Great Depression and there was no money to maintain the home. The formal gardens and fountain were long gone and vines and undergrowth had taken over. The home set empty for many years until it was purchased in 1962 by Ernest Walker who painted and remodeled the home. The roof of the old kitchen and dining room had fallen in, with only the 16-18 walls standing, and was demolished. Richard Simms, who bought the home in 1972,added a welcoming porch in the back. They also added a picket fence where an original black iron fence had once been. The home is currently owned by Vinnie and Roderick Dowling. The front porch with its columns faced the formal gardens, fountains, and holly trees. It also had a greenhouse, brick walkways, and a gazebo.
A relative of Ernest Walker stated that when Walker purchased the Anderson House there were two slave cabins still intact directly behind the main house and that the cabins had sleeping lofts and were very spartan inside. They were made of pine. A canning shed was located directly west of the house, built in the style of the main house and somewhat ornate in decoration.In the attic of the main house there were old trunks filled with "day ledgers" from the store that served the community and the plantation dating to the late 1800s. Also in the attic were old dress-maker's forms and an assortment of old clothes.
The home is related to the Willis-Sale-Stennett House (1857) and the Chennault House (completed 1858)..

</doc>
<doc id="18936668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936668" title="Colleen Class">
Colleen Class

The Colleen is a one-design wooden sailing keelboat originally designed for sailing in Dublin Bay, Ireland. 
It was designed for the Dublin Bay Sailing Club in 1896 by James E. Doyle, Dublin's leading yacht designer and builder. The class stopped sailing in Dublin Bay in the early 1900s. After class racing finished in Dublin Bay many of the boats were shipped out to Argentina where the class thrived into the 1960s. 
Yachting historian Hal Sisk built the replica "Colleen Bawn" in 2003 - in glass-reinforced plastic.

</doc>
<doc id="18936681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936681" title="Better Black Television">
Better Black Television

Better Black Television (BBT) is a cable television network founded by Percy Miller (rapper Master P) in 2008. BBT launched in November 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936700" title="Red serow">
Red serow

The red serow ("Capricornis rubidus") is an endangered goat-antelope, thought to be native to northern Burma. It has been considered a subspecies of "C. sumatraensis". In the northeastern part of India, the red serow occurs widely in the hills south of the Brahmaputra river. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936702" title="Henry Ziegenhein">
Henry Ziegenhein

Henry Ziegenhein (1813January 3, 1885) was the twenty-ninth mayor of St. Louis, Missouri, serving from 1897 to 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="18936709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936709" title="Germany men's national water polo team">
Germany men's national water polo team

The Germany national water polo team represents Germany in international men's water polo competitions and friendly matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18936715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936715" title="SS Benwood">
SS Benwood

Wrecking event.
The Norwegian merchant freighter "Benwood" (360'x51') was under the command of Captain Torbjørn Skjelbred on the night of April 9, 1942. She was on a routine voyage from Tampa Bay, Florida to Norfolk, Virginia carrying a load of phosphate rock. That same evening, the "Robert C. Tuttle"(544'x70') was traveling to Atreco, Texas, under the command of Captain Martin Johansen. Rumors of German U-boats in the area forced the two ships to travel completely blacked out, each keeping the Florida coastal lights three miles abeam("Benwood")and one and a half miles abeam("Robert C. Tuttle"). It is reported that at 12:45 a.m. the "Robert C. Tuttle" sighted a black object ahead of the ship and turned starboard after signaling "I intend to turn starboard." with one blow of the ship's whistle. There was no response. At 12:50 a.m., the "Benwood" reported to have sighted a black object off her starboard. She sounded the ship's whistle twice indicating, "I intend to turn port." There was no response. It is believed that the two ships were now unwittingly on a collision course with each other. Just before the collision, Captain Skjelbred made last-minute efforts to avoid the "Robert C. Tuttle" by ordering the engine full astern (fastest reverse). Moments later,the bow of the "Benwood" punched into the "Robert C. Tuttle" just aft of the port side bow, above the waterline. This caused the bow of the "Benwood" collapsed upon itself. The Benwood began taking on water at a brisk rate. Captain Skjelbred turned hard for shore, attempting to save the ship by grounding, but some time between 1:10 and 2:00 a.m. was forced to abandon ship. The "Benwood" came to rest stern-to on a sandy slope in approximately to of water between Dixie Shoals (to the north) and French Reef (to the south) off of Key Largo, Florida.
After the sinking.
On April 10, 1942, the crew of the salvage tug "Willet" examined the wreck and determined that the keel of the "Benwood" was broken, and she was a total loss. However, her superstructure and cargo of phosphate rock appear to have been salvaged. Her stern section, once considered a hazard to navigation, seems to have been mostly obliterated by explosions of an unknown type. This salvaging on the ship over the years prompted John Pennekamp Coral Reef State Park to form a protection program in 1959 to prevent further damage to the historical wreckage. Today, the "Benwood" is a protected resource under the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary, which was formed in 1975. Since then, the "Benwood" site has played host to countless recreational dives, as it is an extremely popular night dive site. Since her sinking, the Benwood has become an artificial reef, providing the only high profile reef in the immediate vicinity. She lies in 55 feet of sea water with hull plates found in the sand around the perimeter.

</doc>
<doc id="18936743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936743" title="The Forum at Fishers">
The Forum at Fishers

The Forum at Fishers Ice Arena is an arena and recreational sport facility located in Fishers, Indiana. It features two NHL size sheets of ice for hockey, figure skating and open skating. The Forum also features a fully equipped Pro Shop. 
In 2012, The Forum will be home of the Indianapolis Enforcers of the Continental Indoor Football League. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936744" title="Nigerian Observer">
Nigerian Observer

The Nigerian Observer is a daily newspaper published in Benin City, Edo State, Nigeria. It has been published since 29 May 1968.
The publisher, Bendel Newspapers Company Limited, is owned by the Edo State Government.
In 1973, a correspondent for the "Nigerian Observer" wrote an article about an impending teacher's strike in Rivers State, which was published on the Governor Alfred Diete-Spiff's birthday. Taking this as a deliberate insult, Diete-Spiff's aide Ralph Iwowari had the reporter's head publicly shaved and had him beaten with 24 lashes of a cane.
At that time the "Nigerian Observer" was owned by Bendel State, the predecessor of Edo State.
The Rivers State newspaper the "Nigerian Tide" did not mention the conflict with the teachers. 
During the administration of President Shehu Shagari (1979-83) the newspaper was subject to harassment by the police, with staff being detained and the premises shut, as were other papers belonging to state governments controlled by opposition parties.
Early in 1989 worsening economic conditions forced the paper to close for some time.
On 22 July 1993 the administration of General Ibrahim Babangida banned the "Nigerian Observer", as well as the "National Concord", "The Punch" and the "Daily Sketch".
An analysis of the "Nigerian Observer" and other Nigerian papers published in 1999 noted that it had a relatively small circulation, with only 15% of column inches taken up by advertisements, compared to 50% in a typical North American paper. Many of the ads were government bulletins; low revenue coupled with shortage of newsprint had the effect of limiting coverage of events, and in particular of limiting investigative reporting.

</doc>
<doc id="18936749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936749" title="Northern State Conference (IHSAA)">
Northern State Conference (IHSAA)

The Northern State Conference is the name of two separate IHSAA-Sanctioned athletic conferences. The current version is an eight-member conference within the Northern Indiana counties of Elkhart, LaPorte, Marshall, St. Joseph, and Starke Some Schools draw students from Fulton, Kosciusko and Pulaski counties.
The earlier NSC lasted from 1954 to 1963, including schools from Carroll, Elkhart, Jasper, Marshall, Newton, St. Joseph, and Starke counties. Jimtown was the only holdover from the earlier conference into the modern one, though Bremen and Knox did join the current version in the 1980s.
In 2013, Culver and Knox announced that they would be leaving the conference after the 2014-2015 school year in order to join a new-unnamed conference with three schools from the Midwest Conference and Independent North Judson.
Membership.
Former Members.
! School (IHSAA ID#)
! Location
! Mascot
! Colors
! # / County
! Year Joined
! Previous Conference
! Year Left
! Conference Joined

</doc>
<doc id="18936750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936750" title="Paul Needham">
Paul Needham

Paul Needham (born 15 June 1961, Buxton) is a former English professional footballer who played as a full back. He made than 50 appearances in The Football League for Chester.
Playing career.
Although born in Buxton, Needham grew up in Chester and attended Upton-by-Chester High School in the city. He joined Chester as an apprentice aged 16 after first appearing for their youth side 18 months earlier. He was a contemporary of Ian Rush in Chester's youth ranks in the late 1970s, with Chester enjoying two runs to the last 32 of the FA Youth Cup during this period.
Needham's professional debut followed as a substitute for Richie Gendall in a 1–0 defeat at Oxford United on 15 November 1980, with his first start made in the number two shirt in a 1–0 victory at Fulham on 17 March 1981. Going into 1981–82, Needham was one of just 14 professionals in the Chester side as the wage bill was cut. The side finished adrift at the foot of Division Three and were relegated, although Needham enjoyed his first taste of regular football by making 27 league appearances and scoring his only goal for the club against Reading. The following season saw him appear in 21 league games but he was released along with players including Mark Dean, Paul Johnson, Greg Moffatt and Gary Simpson at the end of the season as the club again heavily reduced its wage bill.
Needham then joined non–league side Oswestry Town. He did not play professionally again.

</doc>
<doc id="18936758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936758" title="Lindängen">
Lindängen

Lindängen is a residential area in Malmö, Sweden, with 5,958 inhabitants (2007).
Sports.
The following sports clubs are located in Lindängen:

</doc>
<doc id="18936789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936789" title="J. Hill">
J. Hill

J. Hill (b. James Hill) is a three time Emmy Award winning American music arranger who worked extensively in his earlier years as a brass player in big bands, later on taking up music arranging. He created many arrangements for the Les Brown Orchestra. He eventually spread out into freelance arranging, doing charts for Lawrence Welk and others .
He also became chief arranger for the first four years of the Dean Martin Show (which featured Bandleader "Les Brown and his Band of Renown"), producing orchestrations for Dean and his co-stars to sing behind. He was eventually replaced on the show by Van Alexander
who did the remainder of the shows run.

</doc>
<doc id="18936792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936792" title="Dominopol">
Dominopol

Dominopol () was an ethnic Polish village in the Eastern regions of the Second Polish Republic before World War II, incorporated by Nazi Germans into the Reichskommissariat Ukraine (now in the area of Volyn Oblast, sovereign Ukraine). 
On July 11, 1943, at the height of the Massacres of Poles in Volhynia, the village was attacked by units of the Ukrainian Insurgent Army. All Poles caught by the Ukrainian nationalists, regardless of their age, were tortured and murdered. Number of victims is disputed, most sources put it at 60 families, which is around 490 persons, including several children. Most were killed by axes and knives. Other sources put the number of victims at 250. Afterwards, possessions of murdered Poles were looted by Ukrainian peasants, who also participated in the massacre, and the village was burned.
In 2002, due to efforts of "Association of Poles Murdered in the East" from Zamość, a commemorative cross was erected where once Dominopol was.

</doc>
<doc id="18936799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936799" title="Sumatran serow">
Sumatran serow

The Sumatran serow ("Capricornis sumatraensis"), also known as the southern serow, is a species of goat-antelope native to mountain forests in the Thai-Malay Peninsula and on the Indonesian island of Sumatra. The former name of this species is "mainland serow", as all the mainland species of serow (Chinese, red and Himalayan) used to be considered subspecies of this species. The Sumatran serow is threatened due to habitat loss and hunting, leading to it being evaluated as vulnerable by the IUCN.

</doc>
<doc id="18936817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936817" title="Jean B. Lumb">
Jean B. Lumb

Jean Bessie Lumb, CM (1919–2002) was the first Chinese Canadian woman and the first restaurateur to receive the Order of Canada for her community work. Most notably, she was recognized for her pivotal role in changing Canada’s immigration laws that separated Chinese families and for her contribution in saving Chinatowns in Toronto and other cities.
Lumb, one of twelve children, was born in Nanaimo, B.C. to Fun Gee Wong and Hone Hung Mah, both of Canton, China. Her father emigrated to Canada to work as a farm labourer. Lumb left school at the age of 12 to work and support her family. In 1935, she moved to Toronto and later opened her own grocery store as a 17-year-old. In 1939, she married Doyle Jenning Lumb, her husband of 50 years. The mother of six children and grandmother of nine grandchildren, Jean Lumb was the Co-Owner and Director of the Kwong Chow Restaurant in Toronto for 23 years.
Jean Lumb was very active in community work throughout her life. She achieved many firsts in Toronto. First Chinese woman on the board of governors of the Women’s College Hospital. First Chinese woman on the board of University Settlement House. First Chinese restaurateur and first woman to receive the Fran Deck Award for outstanding achievement in Toronto’s restaurant industry. First Chinese-Canadian woman to sit on the Board of Rotary-Laughlen Centre. She served as Director and Honorary Advisor of the Yee Hong Chinese Nursing Home for Greater Toronto and the Chinese Cultural Centre of Greater Toronto, respectively.
Filmography.
Jean Lumb, Loving spoonfuls, Episode 2, Indivisual Productions Inc., 2001.
Quo Vadis, Mrs. Lumb?, National Film Board of Canada, 1965.
Spirit of the dragon, written, directed and produced by Gil Gauvreau, Convergence
Productions, 2002. Winner of the National Film Board of Canada's Outstanding
Documentary Award at the Reel World Festival 2003
Under the willow tree: pioneer Chinese women in Canada, National Film Board of Canada, 1997.
Photographic Exhibition.
“But women did come: a photographic exhibition on Chinese Canadian women”,
Chinese Canadian National Council, 1993.
References.
Becker, William B. “Dining Out in Toronto: Kwongchow Chop Suey Tavern.”
Michigan Living Motor News, vol. 61, no. 11 (May 1979), p. 27.
“A Chinese Paragon: Jean Lumb, C.M.” Imagination 13 (May 1990), pp. 10–11.
Cannon, Margaret. “The Chinese Connection.” Country Estate (Late Autumn 1990),
pp. 35–44.
Chan, Arlene. Spirit of the dragon: Jean Lumb, a proud Chinese Canadian. Toronto:
Umbrella Press, 1997.
Chinese Canadian National Council, Women’s Committee. Jin Guo: voices of Chinese Canadian women. Toronto: Women’s Press, 1992.
“Dragon Ball”. Country Estate (Late Spring 1990), pp. 68–69.
Forster, Merna. “A Chinese Voice, Jean Lumb 1919-2002.” 100 Canadian Heroines.
Toronto: The Dundurn Group, 2004.
Growe, Sarah Jane. “Grandmothers are really cooking.” Toronto Star (April 15, 2000),
p. J16.
Growe, Sarah Jane. “Leaving a legacy important for us all.” Toronto Star (November 24,
2001), p. M21.
Huang, Evelyn and Lawrence Jeffrey. Voices from a community. Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre, 1992.
“Jean Lumb Award.” Chinese Education Journal (Canada) (Winter 1998), pp. 6–7, 8.
Keung, Nicholas. “A fresh look at our past.” Toronto Star (October 8, 2004), p. B01.
Moore, Brian. “Toronto.” National Geographic (n.d.), pp. 52–56.
Our grandmothers, ourselves: reflections on Canadian women. Edited by Gina Vallee.
Toronto: Fitzhenry & Whiteside, 2005.
Sherwood, George. Legends in their time: young heroes and victims of Canada. Toronto:
Natural Heritage Books, c2006.
“Someone’s in the Kitchen with David” Star Week (April 1–8, 2000), p. 6.
Stein, David Lewis. “Toronto: What makes It Tick?” Chatelaine (August 1978),
pp. 36–37, 95.
Stollery, Peter. “The Emergence of the Chinese Establishment: West from Canton, East
from Spadina and South fro the Writer.” Toronto Life. (December 11976),
pp. 27–35.
Urquhart, Ian. “Chinatown Fights Back the High-Rise Shadows.” The Telegram
External links.
Chinatown, Toronto

</doc>
<doc id="18936821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936821" title="PORCN">
PORCN

PORCN (porcupine homolog – Drosophila) is a human gene.
Function.
The protein encoded by this gene an endoplasmic reticulum transmembrane protein involved in processing of wingless proteins such as WNT7A.
Disease linkage.
Mutations in this gene are associated with focal dermal hypoplasia.

</doc>
<doc id="18936822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936822" title="Gustaf Hägg">
Gustaf Hägg

Gustaf Wilhelm Petersson Hägg (November 28, 1867 - February 2, 1925) was a Swedish organist and composer.
Life.
Hägg was born in Visby, Gotland. He studied at the Royal Swedish College of Music receiving his organist's degree in 1886 and his higher degree (kyrkosångar- och musiklärarexamen) in 1889. He was appointed organist of Klara Church in 1893 and began teaching harmony at the Royal College in 1904. In 1908 he began teaching organ and he was appointed professor of organ in 1915. He died in Stockholm.
His "Legend" for reed organ has been republished by the Reed Organ Society; it is a short, highly chromatic piece of intermediate difficulty, somewhat in the style of Grieg. It begins in six-eight in d-minor, with a folklike theme repeated with variants over sustained chords. The second theme is more-or-less in E-major, but with many accidentals and a highly chromatic accompaniament in the left hand. After the second theme is developed, an abbreviated version of the original theme is restated, and then abruptly shifts from d-minor to D-major, where it is developed, briefly returning to a minor tonality before resolving on a drawn-out D-major chord. The story, one imagines, had a said beginning and a happy ending, but not without a bittersweet sense of something lost forever.
While the piece will work on a standard pipe organ, it sounds much better on a reed organ (either a European harmonium or an American pump organ), as the rise and fall of the air pressure from the player's working the treadles meshes with the music. The constant pressure of a pipe organ makes it sound rather dull, although a skilled player may approximate the effect by a judicious use of the swell pedal.
His works include for instance an overture in G minor (1891), symphony in D (manuscript, 1899), various published organ works, and a piano trio in G minor (1896).

</doc>
<doc id="18936829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936829" title="Hélder Vieira Dias">
Hélder Vieira Dias

General Manuel Hélder Vieira Dias Jr, known by the nickname "Kopelipa", is director of the National Reconstruction Office, a top governmental position in Angola. He is — along with fellow "top generals" Francisco Higino Carneiro, João Maria de Sousa, Roberto Leal Monteiro, and Kundi Paihama — one of the military leaders holding top ministerial posts for the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola, the political party that has ruled Angola since it gained its independence from Portugal in 1975. The general has been referred to as "the highest and most trusted member of the president’s entourage". 

</doc>
<doc id="18936832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936832" title="Northeast Hoosier Conference">
Northeast Hoosier Conference

An eight-member IHSAA-Sanctioned Athletic Conference within the Northeastern Indiana counties of Adams, Allen, DeKalb, Noble, Wells, and Whitley. The conference was started in 1989 when six schools from the Northeastern Indiana Athletic Conference (Bellmont, Columbia City, DeKalb, East Noble, Homestead, and New Haven) joined with two schools from the Allen County Athletic Conference (Fort Wayne Carroll and Norwell). There have been no membership changes since the conference began. On July 1, 2015, the conference will cease to exist, as all schools are pulling out of the conference. Six of the schools (Bellmont, Columbia City, DeKalb, East Noble, New Haven, and Norwell) will join with Huntington North of the North Central Conference and Leo of the Allen County Athletic Conference to join a new league (possibly retaining the NHC conference moniker), while Carroll and Homestead are joining the Summit Athletic Conference in football and basketball for 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="18936835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936835" title="Manila Health Department">
Manila Health Department

The Manila Health Department or more known as MHD is the division of the Philippines’ Department of Health in the City of Manila. It also refers to the chain of health centers, lying-ins and hospitals owned and operated by the city government.

</doc>
<doc id="18936840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936840" title="Himalayan serow">
Himalayan serow

The Himalayan serow ("Capricornis thar") is a goat-antelope native to the Himalayas, and eastern and southeastern Bangladesh. It has been classified as "Near Threatened" by IUCN because it is believed to be in significant decline due to hunting for food and habitat loss.
Distribution and habitat.
Himalayan serows are known to occur in east and southeast Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal, northern India including Sikkim and provinces east of Bangladesh, Tibet, and probably into western Myanmar.
Conservation.
"Capricornis thar" is listed in CITES Appendix I.

</doc>
<doc id="18936845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936845" title="1980 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1980 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship of 1980 was the 94th staging of Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Galway won the championship, beating Limerick 2–15 to 3–9 in the final at Croke Park, Dublin.
The championship.
Fortmat.
Munster Championship
"First round:" (1 match) This is a single match between the first two teams drawn from the province of Munster. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winner of the lone quarter-final joins the other three Munster teams to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winner of the two semi-finals contest this game. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the All-Ireland final.
Leinster Championship
"First round:" (1 match) This is a single match between the first two teams drawn from the province of Leinster. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winner of the lone quarter-final joins the other three Leinster teams to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the All-Ireland semi-final.
All-Ireland Championship
"Quarter-final:" (1 match) This is a single match between Galway and the winners of the All-Ireland 'B' championship. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the semi-final where they play the Leinster champions.
"Semi-final:" (1 match) This is a single match between the Leinster champions and the winners of the lone quarter-final. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the final where they play the Munster champions.
"Final:" (1 match) The Munster champions and the winners of the lone semi-final contest this game.

</doc>
<doc id="18936847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936847" title="Karamoko Cissé">
Karamoko Cissé

Karamoko Cissé (born 14 November 1988) is a Guinean footballer who plays as a forward for Italian Serie B club AlbinoLeffe.
Biography.
He moved with his family to Sorisole, Italy in 2000. After spending season 2007-2008 on loan at Hellas Verona F.C., Cissé returned to Atalanta but did not make an appearance. He joined AlbinoLeffe in a co-ownership deal in January 2009, for €700,000.
In 2010-11 season, he changed the shirt number from no.8 to no.17, the traditional bad luck number.
In June 2011 AlbinoLeffe bought Cissé, Michael Cia and Dario Bergamelli outright, co-currently sold Nicola Madonna outright. In 2011–12 season he took no.10 from retired Davide Bombardini.
International career.
Karamoko who was in the final squad and played in the Qualifiers for Guinea in the Ghana 2008, African Cup of Nations.<br>He has also been picked in the squad for the South Africa 2010 World Cup Qualifiers.

</doc>
<doc id="18936850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936850" title="Frying Pan Lake">
Frying Pan Lake

Frying Pan Lake (renamed Waimangu Cauldron in 1963 though not widely used) is the largest hot spring in the world. It is located in Waimangu Volcanic Rift Valley, New Zealand and maintains a temperature of 50-60°C.

</doc>
<doc id="18936852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936852" title="Focal dermal hypoplasia">
Focal dermal hypoplasia

Focal dermal hypoplasia (also known as "Goltz syndrome") is a form of ectodermal dysplasia. It is a multisystem disorder characterized primarily by skin manifestations to the atrophic and hypoplastic areas of skin which are present at birth. These defects manifest as yellow-pink bumps on the skin and pigmentation changes. The disorder is also associated with shortness of stature and some evidence suggests that it can cause epilepsy.
GENETICS.
Focal dermal hypoplasia has been associated with PORCN gene mutations on the X chromosome. This results in 90% of the individuals who affected with the syndrome being female. The 10% of males that have a mosaic and/or heterozygous for mutations in PORCN. The commonly accepted, though unconfirmed, explanation for most of the affected individuals being women is that the non-mosaic hemizygous males are not viable.
The differential diagnosis of focal dermal hypoplasia (Goltz) syndrome includes autosomal recessive Setleis syndrome due to TWIST2 gene mutations. It associated with morning glory anomaly, polymicrogyria, incontinentia pigmenti, oculocerebrocutaneous syndrome, Rothmund-Thomson syndrome and microphthalmia with linear skin defects (also known as MLS) syndrome because they are all caused by deletions or point mutations in the HCCS gene.
Origin of eponyms.
Jessner-Cole syndrome.
The disorder was first formally recognized by dermatologists, Max Jessner and Harold Newton Cole, in the early 20th century. Jessner and Cole's papers were referenced more than any others in the first half of the 20th century.
Goltz-Gorlin.
Besides its formal name, it is most commonly referred to as Goltz-Gorlin syndrome, after Robert Goltz and Robert Gorlin. Goltz and Gorlin worked together at Columbia University and are credited for describing the symptoms of the disorder in more detail than ever before and tracking its genetic trends. The name became popular during the second half of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18936853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936853" title="The Much Honoured">
The Much Honoured

The Much Honoured (abbreviated as The Much Hon.) is an honorific prefix that is given to Scottish feudal Barons and Lairds.
Entitlement.
The aforementioned honorific should not be confused with those attaching to Peers of the Realm:

</doc>
<doc id="18936878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936878" title="Tati Rascón">
Tati Rascón

Juan Luis "Tati" Rascón Lope (born March 2, 1971) is a Spanish professional tennis player.

</doc>
<doc id="18936885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936885" title="Stura (river)">
Stura (river)

Stura is the name of a number of Italian rivers, including:
It may also refer to a Martian river valley:

</doc>
<doc id="18936894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936894" title="Jonas Salisbury House">
Jonas Salisbury House

Jonas Salisbury House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18936904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936904" title="Slitherine Strategies">
Slitherine Strategies

Slitherine (officially: Slitherine Software UK Ltd.) was created on July 4, 2000. 
The company develops and publishes videogames, and is responsible for the production of a tabletop wargame known as "Field of Glory".
Slitherine also developed the "advanced computer program" used to run simulated battles between various warriors for the first two seasons of the Spike TV show "Deadliest Warrior". In the show, Slitherine is referred to as "Slitherine Studios".
Games.
Tabletop wargames.
Alongside their video games, Slitherine publishes a series of manuals for their tabletop wargame "Field of Glory". The game is primarily set in the Ancient and Medieval time periods of European and Middle Eastern History. There are also plans to expand the game to include the Renaissance and Napoleonic Wars. Each new setting will have its own rules system and set of companion books.

</doc>
<doc id="18936905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936905" title="Akacieparken">
Akacieparken

Akacieparken is a public housing project in Valby, Copenhagen. The project was built in 1995 on a former industrial site close to Langgade station. Over 75% of the inhabitants in the 394 apartments, are immigrants. The majority of those comes from Somalia and therefore the area is also known as "Little Somalia", It is highly known for the crime and drug dealing and their feud with another housing project in the southern part of Valby, Sjælør.

</doc>
<doc id="18936909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936909" title="Sciota Township">
Sciota Township

Sciota Township may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="18936916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936916" title="Hazratganj">
Hazratganj

Hazratganj (Hindi: हज़रतगंज, Urdu: حضرتگںج) is a major shopping area situated in the heart of Lucknow in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. In addition to bazaars, it also contains shopping complexes, restaurants, hotels, theaters and offices.
History.
It was built by Amjad Ali Shah. Hazratganj road was earlier called Queens Way and was open only to British carriages before Independence. A Hanuman temple also exists in Hazratganj. Many shops in Hazratganj are in narrow winding lanes.
In 2010-11, a major beautification drive took place in Hazratganj and the market now resembles a Victorian era walkway with bright lamps, benches and fountains.
Shops.
Hazratganj is a major shopping area. It houses showrooms and retail stores of almost all major consumer-goods manufacturers in India, including car-dealers, jewellery stores and antiques. Hazratganj shops sell the famous Lucknow Chikan material. Gurjari, Handloom Emporium and Gandhi Ashrams are major handicraft sellers. The British Council Library is also located in Hazratganj.
Shopping complexes and malls.
The Sahara Ganj Mall is a 5-storied major shopping mall located in Hazratganj. It is one of the largest shopping malls in India covering an area of over 425,000 square feet. It also has PVR movie theaters besides a huge food court. Hazratganj also has a Big Bazaar Superstore. The beautifully lit victorian style lane of Hazratganj is home to some of the biggest brands like Tommy Hilfiger, Vero Moda, Woodland, Reliance Digital, Jumbo Electronics, Nike, Pepe Jeans, Puma, Indian Terrain, Titan etc. Besides this, it is also home to a lot of street-food parlours, food joints and high-end restaurants like Royal Cafe, Royal Sky, Dastarkhwan, Moti Mahal, Jon Hing, Cafe Coffee Day etc. There are chairs on both sides of the road along with beautiful mini-fountains to woo the crowd during evenings. One unique things about the main Hazratganj market is that all the stores and shops have been painted in same color (cream and white) and all the brand names are written in white on a black background. This lends a special flavour to the environment created by this place.
Naza Market, part of Hazratganj, is the second most famous market for computer/IT goods in north India It houses many computer software and hardware retail stores. It is also the second largest computer marketplace in India after the Nehru Place in Delhi.110019
Movie theaters.
Hazratganj also houses Sahu, Novelty and Leela movie theaters.
Hazratganj Crossing.
Hazratganj crossing is the busiest crossing of Lucknow city. It is situated at the confluence of NH-24, NH-25, NH-28 and NH-24B. The whole area along with the crossing falls in Lucknow's Heritage zone.
Schools.
Hazratganj area is home to St. Francis' College, La Martiniere Boys' College, La Martiniere Girls' College, Loreto Girls' College, Christ Church College and St. Joseph's Cathedral. 

</doc>
<doc id="18936923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936923" title="Glais">
Glais

Glais is a small semi-rural village of less than 1,000 people located in Swansea, Wales. 
The village is separated into two different electoral wards by a stream known as Nant-Y-Pal which runs through the middle of the settlement. To the north of Nant-Y-Pal, Glais comes under the Clydach Electoral Ward while to the south Glais falls under the Llansamlet Electoral Ward.
Unusually for place names, Glais is not named after the stream Nant-Y-Pal but instead its name literally translates to Stream.
Meaning of the place name Glais.
The word Glais is Welsh for stream or rivulet. Glais is a common element in Welsh place names particularly amongst locations in South Wales, however the village Glais in Swansea is the only example in Wales where the word stands alone. All other locations containing the word Glais occur as a composite element referring to a single particular stream's name thus making Glais quite unique in that its name literally translates as the geographical feature of a stream or rivulet that can be applied anywhere worldwide.
History.
In the early 20th Century Glais was a small village boasting a proud religious community with up to four churches of differing denominations, the oldest of which is a Welsh Dissendent chapel called Pentwyn and was built in 1834 upon a glacial moraine which itself was called Y Garth. The name plate for Pentwyn was later moved to a new Chapel of worship called Seion in 1840 which still exists to the present day. 
In 1881 an Anglican Church, St Pauls, was built on School road, formally Cefn Y Garth, and is still a practising church in use with local residents for services of worship and other services. A year later in 1882 and on the same road Glais Primary School was opened to the public for children aged under 11 years old. In 1891 a Tabernacl, Welsh Baptist chapel called Peniel, was built on Station Road on the south side of the village and closed in 1999.
Cattle stock was often driven from as far away as Llandeilo and kept in cattle pens until they were collected by their new owners and moved to their new farm, suggesting Glais might acted as a commercial hub for the farm trade in the early years of the villages history.
The village hosted a racecourse sometime during the 19th and 20th centuries but the first known date references back to 1920 for an equestrian event. The facility was amended for pedestrianism and Greyhound Racing in 1928 after the Swansea Corporation decided to not allow Greyhound Racing at St Helen's in Swansea town's centre. By the 1960s, Glais Stadium had been transformed into a general recreational facility with bowling green, tennis courts and sports fields. The earlier stand was retained.
Today, the sports grounds are largely taken up by the 18-hole Tawe Vale Golf Club, a former 9-hole works course developed for use by employees of the INCO Nickel Works (the former Mond Nickel Works) nearby. The bowling green has, however, survived.
On 15 April 1912 W.J. Rogers, a resident of Glais and his nephew Evan Davies, a resident of Alltwen, lost their lives aboard the fateful RMS Titanic. Their bodies were never recovered and thus they were commemmorated on the family headstone in Capel Seion.
Geography.
Glacial Terminal Moraine.
With a pristine example of glacial moraine called the Garth, Y Garth in Welsh, in the south of the village's boundaries the location is one of over a thousand sites in Wales that is officially designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest. The feature is regarded as "one of the best examples in Wales of such a formation dating from this period" and "has helped
geologists reconstruct the environment of Wales at the end of the last Ice Age."
The site is largely undisturbed by industrial human activity apart from an old and disused coal mine with many of the rocks carried from far afield during the last Ice Age is still exposed for scientific study today. There is also an old school present which has since been converted into a bungalow. This has led the site being protected from development.
Due to large size of the geological feature the River Tawe, Swansea's largest river, is diverted through natural means to the west towards Clydach. The site also contains a natural wall that drops suddenly 130 feet downwards at the front of the moraine due to the material from further up the valley being deposited.
Transportation.
Glais is served by the B4291 (Birchgrove Road) as its main road artery passing through the centre of the village, connecting the settlement with Birchgrove to the South and Clydach to the North and West. Between Glais and Clydach lies a four-exit roundabout further connecting the village to the town of Pontardawe which lies to the North East and the Ynysforgan roundabout to the South West. Due to its geographical location Glais thus has excellent access to both junctions 44 and 45 of the M4 motorway. The B4291 serves as an excellent route between the upper Swansea Valley and Skewen.
There is just one additional road that provides an entrance into Glais called Ynysymond Road which leads to Alltwen.
Public Transport is provided by the First Group who operate four bus routes which pass through Glais. Routes 61 and 67 operate Monday to Friday which travels to Llansamlet to Swansea College and Clydach to Tycoch College accordingly, while Route 144 travels from Swansea City Centre to Morriston Hospital via Bonymaen, Trallwn, Tesco, Asda and Morriston and Route 145 travels from Swansea City Centre to Morriston but this time via Bonymaen, Tesco, Birchgrove and Clydach. Both of these Routes operate from Monday to Saturday.
There are nearby Comprehensive Schools: Birchgrove Comprehensive and Cwmtawe Comprehensive. Birchgrove provide free bus travel through private contractors, whilst Cwmtawe pupils must pay a small fee.
Sport.
Glais Rugby Club.
Glais Rugby Club was formed in 1896 which along with Trebanos can lay claim to being one of the oldest teams in the Clydach district. Albert Harding, father of former Welsh international and British Lion winger Judge Rowe Harding, is credited as being the pioneer of the village's only and still surviving rugby club much to the opposition of a large group of residents against sport at the time.
Originally playing in green and gold colours this changed to blue and white hoops before finally settling to all blue. At the beginning of its existence Glais was considered a "nomadic" club playing their home games several sites including the Mond Field and Garth Field before establishing their home grounds permanently at Glais Rugby Field.
In 1912-1913 the club won it first major trophy as champions of the Swansea and District R.U. Challenge Cup, this came after losing out to the second division championship via a Play-Off game against Cwmtwrch at Ystalyfera. Estimates place crowd attendance above 3,000 which is far in excess of the population of Glais.
Glais Rugby Club ran out with much success during the 1920s and won several Swansea District titles between 1922 and 1927 which included one Fourth Division league and cup title, one third division league title, one second division cup title, three first division league titles and one first division cup title. Glais had also finished the 1928 season top of the First Division yet again however this triumph was invalidated after an administration error meant the club had not been registered at the beginning of the 1928 season.
To this day, the club remains an integral part of the Glais community and currently ply their trade in the SWALEC Division 5 South West. They enjoy a long and peaceful, yet fiercely competitive, rivalry with Vadre Rugby Club.
Notable People.
Nicholas of Glais.
Thomas Evan Nicholas, an infamous Poet and a foundatiom member of the British Communist Party, was a minister in Glais between 1904 and 1912 and helped found the Independents. He is popularly known as Nicholas of Glais and the street Nicholas Road in the same village is named directly after him.
He was famous for poems which concentrated on injustice, the battles between the working class and the power of capital, as well as pacifism. Arrested in WW2 at the same time as the Communist South Wales Miners Leaders, he was not released when the Miners went on strike until their leaders were released but was kept in prison and denied paper lest he write something to stop the war. They allowed him chalk and a slate. The poems he wrote in Welsh are available into English translated by Dewi Emrys in "Prison Sonnets". The most significant poem there is titled 'Terminus'. Asked how could a Congregational Minister write such a poem ending "..Give me man's hell. not God's remorseless Heaven," he replied "You must use language people can understand, and, it is only the problems that make Life interesting. <personal communication Ilyan Thomas>
He was later subject to injustice under the intense examination of MI5 and later incarcerated at Swansea Prison, only to be released years later due to lack of evidence. When written in Welsh he is known as Nicolas Y Glais.

</doc>
<doc id="18936928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936928" title="Nimbi">
Nimbi

Nimbi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18936933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936933" title="1975 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1975 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship of 1975 was the 89th staging of Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Kilkenny won the championship, beating Galway 2-22 to 2-10 in the final at Croke Park, Dublin.
The championship.
Format.
Munster Championship
"First round:" (1 match) This is a single match between the first two teams drawn from the province of Munster. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winner of the first round joins the other three Munster teams to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winner of the two semi-finals contest this game. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the All-Ireland semi-final.
Leinster Championship
"First round:" (2 matches) These are two matches between the first four teams drawn from the province of Leinster. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winners of the two first round games join the other two Leinster teams to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contest this game. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the All-Ireland semi-final.
All-Ireland Championship
"Quarter-final:" (1 match) This is a single match between Galway and the winners of the All-Ireland 'B' championship. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the semi-final.
"Semi-final:" (1 match) This is a single match between the Munster champions and the winners of the quarter-final. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the final. 
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the semi-final and the Leinster champions contest this game.
Player facts.
Debutantes.
"The following players made their début in the 1975 championship:"

</doc>
<doc id="18936952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936952" title="CHILD syndrome">
CHILD syndrome

Congenital hemidysplasia with ichthyosiform erythroderma and limb defects (also known as "CHILD syndrome") is a genetic disorder with onset at birth seen almost exclusively in females. The disorder is related to CPDX2, and also has skin and skeletal abnormalities, distinguished by a sharp midline demarcation of the ichthyosis with minimal linear or segmental contralateral involvement.
The acronym was introduced in 1980.
History.
The earliest recorded case of CHILD syndrome was in 1903. Otto Sachs was accredited for first describing the clinical characteristics of the syndrome in an 8-year old girl. The nearest proceeding news on the topic was a report in 1948 by Zellweger and Uelinger, who reported a patient with “half-sided osteochondrodermatitis and nevus ichthyosiformis.” The first case of CHILD syndrome with ocular manifestations in a patient suffering from progressive bilateral optic nerve atrophy was recently reported in 2010 by Knape et al.
Pathophysiology.
CHILD syndrome is inherited in an X-linked dominant fashion and is associated with a mutation of the NSDHL gene. This gene encodes for the enzyme 3beta-hydroxy sterol dehydrogenase which catalyzes a step in the cholesterol biosynthetic pathway. Locations of this enzyme include the membranes of the endoplasmic reticulum and on the surface of intracellular lipid storage droplets. A shortage of the enzyme may allow potentially toxic byproducts of cholesterol production to accumulate in the body's tissues. Mutations of the gene have been reported in all three types: missense, nonsense, and stop mutations, all resulting in loss of function of NSDHL. The type of mutation is not believed to be the underlining reason for clinical variations in the extent of involvement but rather the differences in the pattern of X inactivation. Although researchers suspect that low levels of cholesterol and/or an accumulation of other substances are responsible for disrupting the growth and development of many body parts, the precise rationale for the laterality of the syndrome has yet to be determined.
Epidemiology.
Frequency.
CHILD syndrome is a rare disorder with only 60 recorded cases worldwide thus far in literature.
Mortality/Morbidity.
CHILD syndrome is not fatal unless there are problems with the internal organs. The most common causes of early death in people with the syndrome are cardiovascular malformations. However, central nervous system, skeletal, kidney, lung, and other visceral defects also contribute significantly.
Gender.
CHILD syndrome occurs almost exclusively in females because the disorder is X-linked dominant. Only 2 known cases have been reported in males, one having a normal 46,XY karyotype, suggesting an early postzygotic somatic mutation.
Age.
Because CHILD syndrome is a congenital disorder, the symptoms may be present at birth or may develop during the first few weeks of life and continue for the lifetime of the patient.
Symptoms.
The acronym CHILD stands for the symptoms of the syndrome:
Diagnosis.
The symptoms would appear at birth or shortly after birth. The combination of physical symptoms on the child would suggest they have CHILD syndrome. A skin sample examined under a microscope would suggest the characteristics of the syndrome and an X-Ray of the trunk, arms, and legs would help to detect underdeveloped bones. A CT scan would help detect problems of the internal organs.
Treatment.
There is currently no treatment for CHILD syndrome so any treatment would target the symptoms currently present. Emoillents like Lac-Hydran (ammonium lactate) and Ureaphil (urea) are used to treat scaly patches on the skin. A pediatric orthopedic surgeon can evaluate any underdevelopment in the bones and treat them if necessary.

</doc>
<doc id="18936960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936960" title="Joy F. Evans">
Joy F. Evans

Beverly Joy Frewin Evans (January 31, 1926 – July 5, 2011) was a leader in the Relief Society of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). From 1984 to 1990, she was the first counselor to Barbara W. Winder, the Relief Society General President. 
Beverly Joy Frewin was born in Salt Lake City, Utah into a Mormon family. She trained as a nurse at the University of Utah and worked at LDS Hospital and Primary Children's Hospital in Salt Lake City, Utah. Evans married computer scientist David C. Evans in 1947 in the Salt Lake Temple. She had ten children, seven of which lived to adulthood. One of her children is David F. Evans, who in 2005 became a general authority of the LDS Church. The Evans also partly raised two Native American children in their home through the Indian Placement Program.
Prior to her call as a counselor in the general presidency of the Relief Society, Evans served for over eight years as a member of the Relief Society General Board, as a stake and ward Relief Society president, and in other positions in the Relief Society, Primary and Young Women organizations.
Evans and her husband were LDS Church missionaries in the church's Tennessee Nashville Mission. After her husband's death, Evans served missions to the Preston England Temple and to the Manila Philippines Temple.

</doc>
<doc id="18936964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936964" title="Francisco Higino Carneiro">
Francisco Higino Carneiro

General Francisco Higino Lopes Carneiro is Governor of the province of Kuando Kubango in Angola. He is, along with fellow "top generals" João Maria de Sousa, Hélder Vieira Dias, Roberto Leal Monteiro, and Kundi Paihama, one of the military leaders holding top ministerial posts for the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola, the political party that has ruled Angola since it gained its independence from Portugal in 1975.
Carneiro was included on the MPLA's national list in the September 2008 parliamentary election. The MPLA won an overwhelming majority in the National Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="18936986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936986" title="1979 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1979 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The 1979 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was the 93rd staging of the All-Ireland hurling championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1887. The championship began on 27 May 1979 and ended on 2 September 1978.
Cork entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were beaten by Galway in the All-Ireland semi-final. Kilkenny won the title after defeating Galway by 2-12 to 1-8 in the final.
Teams.
A total of eleven teams contested the championship, one of the fewest participants in years. Only four team contested the Leinster series of games. Kildare, Laois and Westmeath withdrew from the provincial campaign, however, Laois did qualify for the All-Ireland series by winning the All-Ireland Senior B Hurling Championship. They did this at Antrim's expense. Kerry withdrew from the Munster championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18936999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18936999" title="Tony Mark (producer)">
Tony Mark (producer)

Tony Mark (also known as Anthony Mark) is an American film producer, director and screenwriter who has produced films by filmmakers such as Kathryn Bigelow and Robert Rodriguez.
Tony Mark received an Emmy nomination for line producing the HBO 2003 telefilm "And Starring Pancho Villa as Himself" which he shared with executive producers Joshua D. Maurer, Larry Gelbart, Mark Gordon and a list of others. Along with Maurer, Gordon and Gelbart he won the 2004 Imagen Award for producing ("Best Movie for Television
And Starring Pancho Villa as Himself") by the Imagen Foundation (established to encourage and recognize the positive portrayal of Latinos in media).
Biography.
Early life.
Tony Mark grew up in Manhattan, New York where he would find work as a vacuum cleaner salesman, taxi driver, and line cook before he found his true passion, filmmaking. When Tony Mark first saw François Truffaut's "Day for Night" it was a sealed deal. Mark attended prestigious Carnegie-Mellon University and spent years working in regional theater as an actor and as a behind-the-scenes manager. The young thespian won the best actor award at the New England Theatre Festival for his performance in "Girl on the Via Flaminia".
Creative and scrappy, Tony Mark was also a photo journalist and fashion photographer who did work for the New York Times, The Daily News, UPI, and a variety of local newspapers. Marks fashion photography clients included: Zegna, Kathleen Detoro, Members Only, Ben Kahn, and CBS Apparel. A jack of all trades, Mark also spun records as a radio disc jockey at WEOK-FM, hosting a late-night jazz/blues program.
Career highlights.
Tony Mark would first sharpen his producing skills when hired to produce television commercials for Wakeford-Orloff and Dick Miller Associates (which included spots for IBM, GE, Texaco, Coca Cola and others).
Mark went on to produce films that range from art house to commercial studio fare. Films that Tony Mark has been involved with as a producer have been nominated for Academy Awards ("The Fisher King"), Emmy Awards (HBO's "Witness Protection") and have been featured at film festivals such as the Venice Film Festival ("The Hurt Locker"), the Toronto International Film Festival ("The Hurt Locker"), the Sundance Film Festival ("Zelly and Me"), "Billy Galvin"), Telluride ("Go Tell It on the Mountain") and others.
He has also written scripts for MGM, ABC, NBC, Showtime and USA Networks and has directed second unit on numerous films for HBO, CBS and Dimension. Mark directed a documentary for the Guggenheim Foundation of the art collections of the Guggenheim Museum in New York, the Peggy Guggenheim Collection in Venice, and their joint exhibition in Rome.
For the demanding shoot of "The Hurt Locker" (for well known action director Kathryn Bigelow), producer Tony Mark would assemble an international crew made up of professionals from all over the world. The film was shot on location in Jordan, within a few hundred miles of the actual ongoing war in Iraq. Although the cast and below the line crew was made up of Americans, British, Canadians, Iraqis, Jordanians, Moroccans, Tunisians, Australians, Egyptians, Irish, Palestinians, Lebanese, Germans, Icelanders, Libyans and others, the crew got along fabiously and there were no incidents. Helping prevent mishaps (in the previously dangerous Middle Eastern country where a few terrorist events had occurred in the past) the film's crew was additionally protected by armed Royal Jordanian Army members. Jordanian-based Iraq war military contractors/mercenaries were also hired for security (and who also played parts in the film alongside professional actors, Jeremy Renner and Ralph Fiennes). During filming as many as five or more hand-held super 16mm cameras were used to film scenes in guerilla-docu style. Nearly two hundred hours of footage was shot at an astounding 100:1 shooting ratio (a higher ratio of expended film than the notorious Francis Ford Coppola epic, "Apocalypse Now")

</doc>
<doc id="18937018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937018" title="Qualifying Recognised Overseas Pension Scheme">
Qualifying Recognised Overseas Pension Scheme

A Qualifying Recognised Overseas Pension Scheme, or QROPS, is an overseas pension scheme that meets certain requirements set by HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC). A QROPS can receive the transfer of UK Pension Benefits without incurring an unauthorised payment and scheme sanction charge. The QROPS program was launched on 6 April 2006 as a part of new legislation with the objective of simplifying pensions.
Typically this occurs when a UK resident leaves the UK to permanently emigrate (or to retire abroad) having built up a pension fund within a scheme approved by HMRC or when a person born abroad who has built up benefits in a HMRC approved UK Pension Scheme decides to return to their home country with an expectation of retiring there. The QROPS does not have to be established in the new country of residence, thus providing greater flexibility and stability, along with choice of scheme provider.
HMRC states that:
Under section 150(8) a recognised overseas pension scheme is an overseas pension scheme that meets the following requirements prescribed under The Pension Schemes (Categories of Country and Requirements for Overseas Pension Schemes and Recognised Overseas Pension Schemes) Regulations 2006 (SI 2006/206). It must:
Pension rule 1 in section 165 provides that no payment of pension may be made before the day on which the member reaches normal minimum pension age, unless the ill-health condition was met immediately before the member became entitled to a pension under the scheme.
To become a QROPS, a pension scheme must apply to and be approved by HMRC. A list of QROPS that have consented to have their names published is available on the HMRC website and is regularly updated.
In April and May 2012 HMRC introduced a new host of regulations that had the effect of shifting the jurisdictions in which QROPS could be established. Guernsey had previously been the premier jurisdiction for QROPS but due to a conflict in between local legislation and HMRC regulations over 300 schemes were de-listed, but rather than close them permanently this had the effect of migrating the schemes to Malta. Since the new regulations came into force QROPS were also closed in Cyprus and are now principally available in Malta, the Isle of Man, and Gibraltar.
A QROPS should operate broadly in line with UK pension rules. A UK pension holder who has transferred their pension to a QROPS should be in a similar position as they would have been if the transfer had not taken place. What differentiates a QROPS from a UK held pension is that it must be recognised as a pension scheme under the country's legislation where it resides whilst still complying with the rules set out by HMRC. As the jurisdiction's rules, where the pension resides, differ to UK rules this leads to benefits available to the holder in comparison to a UK pension scheme. These benefits include having a greater choice of how much income can be drawn and the ability to avoid death taxes. On returning to the UK a QROPS will be treated the same as any other UK pension scheme which may necessitate changes to the underlying holdings. A key requirement prior to returning to the UK is to ensure all investments held within the account are UK compliant. This may involve selling some or all of the current investment holdings. The policy can then be fully endorsed.
QROPS schemes are required to report to HMRC any payments made to the member for at least ten years from the date that the transfer took place. However if the pension holder has been non-UK resident for five complete tax years they can benefit from more attractive options than those allowed under UK pension schemes.
QROPS are increasingly popular under British Expats due to the tax advantages on the pension draw downs and death benefits. Pension funds left in the UK are heavily taxed, in some cases up to 55%. Transferring a UK pension fund into a QROPS can avoid UK taxation.

</doc>
<doc id="18937025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937025" title="Ut ur discot och in i verkligheten">
Ut ur discot och in i verkligheten

Ut ur discot och in i verkligheten is the third album by hardcore band LOK, released in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18937028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937028" title="Kings Weston Roman Villa">
Kings Weston Roman Villa

Kings Weston Roman Villa is a Roman villa near Lawrence Weston in the north west of Bristol. The villa was discovered during the construction of the Lawrence Weston housing estate in 1947. Two distinct buildings (Eastern and Western) were discovered. The Eastern building was fully excavated (in 1948–50), the other lies mostly below Long Cross road. Finds from the site are now held in the Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery.
At Kings Weston Roman Villa visitors can see the only Roman bath suite in Bristol and two original 3rd-century mosaic floors as well as discover Roman central heating. The villa is open for public for special events and on open days. At other times visitors can collect a key from Blaise Castle or Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery. 
History.
George C. Boon and John Clevedon Brown conducted the excavations of the Eastern building. In a hypocaust, underlying the mosaic floor of one of the wings, they discovered the body of a man of approximately fifty years of age, tall. Injuries to the skull and shoulder suggested that he had died violently. Coins of the Valentinian and Gratian periods led to a conclusion that the man may have died in a Viking raid in the latter part of the fourth or early fifth century CE.
Two other bodies were found in the vicinity. Traces of decorated walls, mosaic floors, underfloor heating and bath suites were discovered. Based on the dating of coins and other evidence such as a foundation burial of a young pig, it was suggested that the site had been occupied since the third century CE. The layout of the building, dominated by a large hall, relatively common in Britain and Germany, led to the hypotheses by archaeologist J. T. Smith that this type of building was used by an extended family group rather than nuclear family.

</doc>
<doc id="18937035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937035" title="Vincent Romano">
Vincent Romano

Blessed Vincent Romano, also called Vincenzo Dominico Romano, (3 June 1751 - 20 December 1831) was born in Torre del Greco, Naples, Italy. Vincent was a parish priest of the village of Herulano who was noted for his very simple way of life and his care of orphans. He was oppressed by French invaders in his area, and also by some Italian political groups.

</doc>
<doc id="18937038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937038" title="Aaron Ledgister">
Aaron Ledgister

Aaron Turone Ledgister (born 15 November 1988 in Hong Kong) is an English footballer who plays for Frome Town. He plays in the position of a midfielder.
Career.
Ledgister started out as a highly rated academy player at Bristol City, and played in their youth and reserve games. He then moved to Cheltenham in July 2007 after playing in a few reserve games for them making his first team debut in the Football League Cup against Southend United, coming on as sub. During the 2007–08 season he went to both Weston-super-Mare and Bath City on loan. Aaron made an impression in a League Cup tie against Stoke City where he came off the bench to set up Alex Russell. The 2008–09 season, saw Ledgister playing at his home town club Chippenham Town on loan. He was released by Cheltenham Town in July 2009.
In July 2009, Ledgister joined Conference South side Weymouth on trial for pre-season but turned down their offer of a deal. In 2010, he joined Corsham Town.
In August 2011, Ledgister returned to Conference South outfit, Weston-super-Mare, before a move in 2012 to Southern Premier side Frome Town F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="18937048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937048" title="Granulometry">
Granulometry

Granulometry is the measurement of the size distribution in a collection of grains.

</doc>
<doc id="18937058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937058" title="Midday (disambiguation)">
Midday (disambiguation)

Midday refers to the hour of 12:00 at the middle of the day, also known as noon, or to the time centering around noon usually referring to between 11-1. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18937072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937072" title="Sunk 500">
Sunk 500

Sunk 500 is the second album by hardcore band LOK, released in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18937079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937079" title="Pablo Palacios">
Pablo Palacios

Pablo David Palacios Herreria (born February 5, 1982 in Quito) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for Emelec and the Ecuadorian national team. He is known as one of the best strikers in the domestic tournament and has solidified his reputation as a goalscorer amongst Ecuador's top clubs.
Club career.
Palacios started out as a LDU Quito youth product, but got very little playing time. After spending some seasons in third division clubs América de Quito and Otavalo, he moved to Liga's rivals Aucas in 2004. By 2006, he had scored 23 goals in 81 matches, earning him a transfer to one of Ecuador's big teams, Deportivo Quito. His talent and goalscoring prowess earned him a call-up to the national team from Colombian coach Luis Fernando Suárez.
Barcelona Sporting Club.
In December 2007, Palacios moved to Ecuador's most popular team, Guayaquil side Barcelona. In his first season at the club, he netted 20 goals, finshing the season as the league's top scorer. However, 2009 proved to be a regrettable season for both himself and the club. Barcelona barely escaped relegation and Palacios was tied as Barca's top-scorer for the season with only 6 goals. Despite of the uncertainty if Palacios would remain in Barcelona for the 2010 season, on January 4, 2010 he signed a one year contract with the club he has confessed of being a fan of, Barcelona.
Emelec.
On January 2012 Palacios was signed on a free by Barcelona`s archrival Emelec.
International career.
Palacios began playing for Ecuador in 2007, making some important appearances against squads like Sweden, Ireland, and Colombia.
He was part of the squad that participated in the 2007 Copa América. However, he was not featured in any matches and watched Ecuador's early elimination on the bench. He did not get another callup until August 2008 when national team manager Sixto Vizuete called him up for a friendly against Colombia. He was called again to play with Bolivia and Uruguay in September 2008 for the 2010 FIFA World Cup Qualification matches. He came off the bench against Bolivia making his official debut in this tournament. On June 10, 2009, Palacios scored the second goal in a 2-0 win over Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="18937082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937082" title="Ethan Rains">
Ethan Rains

Ethan Rains is an Iranian-American actor, best known for his portrayal of Dr. Leo Julian on the second season of SOAPnet's "", a 13-episode prime time spin-off of the ABC daytime soap opera "General Hospital". In December 2011, he guest starred on "Days of our Lives" as a bad guy in a storyline involving illegal internet gambling.
Rains' brother Dominic Rains had played the role in the series' first season in 2007; when he was unavailable for the series' second season in July 2008, Ethan was cast in the role starting 22 July 2008.
He attended The Colony High School and graduated in 1999. He also attend Southern Methodist University and majored in Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="18937093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937093" title="1981 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1981 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1981 was the 95th edition of Ireland’s premier hurling knock-out competition. Offaly won the championship, beating Galway 2–12 to 0–15 in the final at Croke Park, Dublin.
Format.
The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was run on a provincial basis as usual. All games were played on a knockout basis whereby once a team lost they were eliminated from the championship. The format for the All-Ireland series of games ran as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="18937126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937126" title="Alexander Falls">
Alexander Falls

Alexander Falls is a waterfall on Madeley Creek, a tributary of Callaghan Creek in the Callaghan Valley area of the Sea to Sky Country of southwestern British Columbia, Canada. The falls are located just below a bridge on the access road to Callaghan Lake Provincial Park, at the head of the valley, which lies to the west of the resort town of Whistler.
The falls consist of three drops that total up to in total. The falls are about wide. 

</doc>
<doc id="18937145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937145" title="Ivan Kryvosheyenko">
Ivan Kryvosheyenko

Ivan Kryvosheyenko (born 11 May 1984, in Pryluky, Chernigiv Oblast in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="18937148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937148" title="10 cm Gebirgshaubitze M 99">
10 cm Gebirgshaubitze M 99

The 10 cm Gebirgshaubitze M 99 was a mountain howitzer used by Austria-Hungary during World War I. It consisted of the bronze barrel of the 10 cm Feldhaubitze M 99 on a new, narrow-gauge carriage that could be broken down for transport on animal carts. Like its brother, it lacked a modern recoil system, using only an ineffective spring-mounted spade brake, and was virtually obsolescent upon its introduction. Relatively few were made as the version of the standard 10 cm Feldhaubitze M 99 with a narrow, carriage was cheaper.

</doc>
<doc id="18937149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937149" title="Bader Al-Dafa">
Bader Al-Dafa

Bader Al-Dafa served from 2007 to 2010 as the United Nations Executive Secretary of the Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA). He was appointed to the position by United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in July 2007. 
A seasoned diplomat, Al-Dafa has acquired extensive experience in foreign affairs. He was the recent Ambassador of Qatar to the United States and Permanent Observer to the Organization of American States (OAS). In addition, he has served as Qatar's Ambassador to the Russian Federation, France, Egypt and Spain, and as non-resident Ambassador to Finland, Greece, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Switzerland and Mexico. 
His official ESCWA online biography added, “Besides his diplomatic experiences, he has also served in a variety of capacities in international non-governmental organizations. He supervised programmes of building housing for families with limited income in Africa and participated in landmine removal programmes in the Balkans. He also played an active role in fund-raising programmes with children's hospitals in Asia and North America and in supporting the empowerment of women in North Africa and Central Asia. He also organized conferences on free trade, democracy and inter-religious dialogue. 
Al-Dafa holds a master's degree in international public policy from Johns Hopkins University and a bachelor's degree in political science and economics from Western Michigan University. He obtained the award the Ordre du Merite from France. He is fluent in Arabic, English and Spanish."

</doc>
<doc id="18937160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937160" title="1963 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1963 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship of 1963 was the 77th staging of Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Kilkenny won the championship, beating Waterford 4-17 to 6-8 in the final at Croke Park, Dublin.
The championship.
Format.
Munster Championship.
"First round:" (2 matches) These are two matches between the first four teams drawn from the province of Munster. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the two winners advance to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winners of the two first round games join the other two Munster teams to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winner of the two semi-finals contest this game. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the All-Ireland final.
Leinster Championship.
"First round:" (1 match) This is a single match between the first two teams drawn from the province of Leinster. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winner of the first round joins the other three Leinster teams to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams are eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winner of the two semi-finals contest this game. One team is eliminated at this stage while the winners advance to the All-Ireland final.
All-Ireland Championship.
"Final:" (1 match) The champions of Munster and Leinster contest this game.

</doc>
<doc id="18937182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937182" title="List of number-one singles of 1982 (Ireland)">
List of number-one singles of 1982 (Ireland)

This is a list of singles which have reached number one on the Irish Singles Chart in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18937205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937205" title="Nat Mags">
Nat Mags

Nat Mags (short for National Magazine Company) was a British magazine publisher based in London. It was established in 1910 by William Randolph Hearst and was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Hearst Corporation. 
Arnaud de Puyfontaine became chief executive of Nat Mags in 2009. His predecessor Duncan Edwards had been at the company since around 1990 and was previously managing director. In 2008 "The Guardian" newspaper named Duncan Edwards the 75th most important person in the British media.
In 2006 Nat Mags expanded into digital media by purchasing women's portal website Handbag.com. Nat Mags soon launched its digital arm Hearst Digital to act as an umbrella for Handbag and its other web acquisition, Net Doctor.
Nat Mags merged with Hachette Filipacchi Médias UK in 2011 to form Hearst Magazines UK.
Publications.
Nat Mag published 19 magazines in total in the United Kingdom. They were:

</doc>
<doc id="18937217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937217" title="Contact Sport">
Contact Sport

Contact Sport is the twelfth album released by rapper, Keak da Sneak.

</doc>
<doc id="18937233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937233" title="Mirosława Sagun-Lewandowska">
Mirosława Sagun-Lewandowska

Mirosława Sagun-Lewandowska (born September 29, 1970 in Słupsk) is a multiple air gun champion of Poland, double champion of Europe and participant in three Olympic Games - 1992 in Barcelona, 2000 in Sydney and 2008 in Beijing. Her club is Gryf Słupsk, and Sagun-Lewandowska also represented Legia Warszawa.
She began shooting in 1985, and four years later, she was two-times junior champion of the world in the 40 shots competition, both individually and in team (Sarajevo, 1989). Later on, she won bronze at the Championships of Europe in Copenhagen. She holds record of Poland, established in 1997 (391 points out of 400 points possible).
Sagun-Lewandowska was the 1998 champion of Europe (Tallinn) and 2000 (Munich), in 1997 in Warsaw she won silver, and three times won bronze. However, she has never won any medals in the Olympic Games, in the 1992 Summer Olympics she was eight overall, in the 2000 Summer Olympic Games she finished 16-20 and in the 2008 Summer Olympic Games, she was fifth.

</doc>
<doc id="18937258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937258" title="Blästrad levande">
Blästrad levande

Blästrad levande is a live album by hardcore band LOK, released in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18937299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937299" title="List of number-one singles of 1989 (Ireland)">
List of number-one singles of 1989 (Ireland)

The following is a list of the "IRMA"'s number-one singles of 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18937304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937304" title="1967 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1967 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship of 1967 was the 81st staging of Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Kilkenny won the championship, beating Tipperary 3-8 to 2-7 in the final at Croke Park, Dublin.
Format.
The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was run on a provincial basis as usual. All games were played on a knockout basis whereby once a team lost they were eliminated from the championship. The format for the All-Ireland series of games ran as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="18937329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937329" title="Joffre cake">
Joffre cake

A Joffre cake is a chocolate buttermilk layer cake filled with chocolate ganache and frosted with chocolate buttercream originally created at Bucharest's famed Casa Capșa restaurant, in honor of a visit by French General Joseph Joffre, shortly after World War I.
Some commentators say the size of the Joffre cake probably had as a model the French casquet helmet worn by soldiers during World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="18937339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937339" title="Michael Webb (architect)">
Michael Webb (architect)

Michael Webb (born 3 March 1937) is an English architect. He was a founding member of the 1960s Archigram Group, a collection of six young architects who were determined to shake up what they saw as a stodgy British architectural profession. Using a magazine format, Archigram promoted a radical rethinking of the concept of architecture, using inflatable structures, clothing-like environments, bright colors and cartoon-like drawing techniques that followed contemporary graphic and technological trends.
Webb was born in Henley-on-Thames and studied architecture at the Regent Street Polytechnic in London, taking seventeen years to complete a five-year curriculum. Webb moved to the United States in 1965 to teach at Virginia Tech, and has since taught architecture at the Rhode Island School of Design, Columbia University, Barnard College, Cooper Union, University at Buffalo and Princeton University.
He has also put on many exhibitions in Europe and America. His latest exhibition, Two Journeys, opened in the spending the fall semester learning about them through conversations and their drawings. The Two Journeys exhibition gave Webb an opportunity for the students to learn about him and his work. The exhibit was mounted and read like the pages of a book. It centered around two main themes: a train of thought deriving from the Reyner Banham article A Home is not a House (1965) and a study of linear perspective projection.

</doc>
<doc id="18937379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937379" title="Sardar Hasanov">
Sardar Hasanov

Sardar Hasanov (born May 12, 1985, Baku) is an Azerbaijani weightlifter. His personal best is 280 kg.
At the 2007 World Championships he ranked 14th in the 62 kg category, with a total of 280 kg.
At the 2008 European Weightlifting Championships he ranked fifth in the 62 kg category, with a total of 275 kg.
He competed in Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 62 kg division but did not finish.
He is 5 ft 3 inches tall and weighs 137 lb.

</doc>
<doc id="18937394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937394" title="She Can't Say That Anymore">
She Can't Say That Anymore

"She Can't Say That Anymore" is a song written by Sonny Throckmorton and recorded by American country music performer John Conlee. It was released in 1980 as the second single from the album "Friday Night Blues". The song reached #2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18937459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937459" title="Germany women's national under-20 football team">
Germany women's national under-20 football team

The Germany Women's National Under-20 Football Team represents the female under-20s of Germany in the FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup, and is controlled by the German Football Association, the governing body of football in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18937469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937469" title="Idaho World War II Army Airfields">
Idaho World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in Idaho for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Second Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day U.S. Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as U.S. Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major Airfields in Idaho.
Second Air Force
Air Technical Service Command

</doc>
<doc id="18937479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937479" title="Umurbek Bazarbayev">
Umurbek Bazarbayev

Umurbek Bazarbayev (born September 17, 1981 in Ilyaly, Dasoguz Province, Turkmenistan) is a Turkmenistani weightlifter. His personal best is 303 kg, achieved at the 2011 World Championships.
He ranked sixth in the 62 kg category at the 2004 Summer Olympics, with a total of 287.5 kg.
At the 2008 Asian Championships he won the overall bronze medal, with a total of 296 kg.
He competed in Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 62 kg division but did not finish.
He is 5 ft 4 inches tall and weighs 143 lb.

</doc>
<doc id="18937492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937492" title="James H. Britton">
James H. Britton

James H. Britton (July 11, 1817 – January 27, 1900) was the twenty-third mayor of St. Louis, Missouri.
Britton was born in Shenandoah County, Virginia on July 11, 1817. In 1840, Britton moved to Troy, Missouri where he opened a general store. He first became involved in Missouri politics when he became Secretary of the Senate of the Missouri Legislature in 1848. Between 1852 and 1856, he served as a representative of Lincoln County in the State Legislature. Afterwards, he took the position of Chief Clerk of the Missouri House of Representatives. He would later serve as the Treasurer of Lincoln County and Postmaster of Troy.
Britton moved to St. Louis in 1857 and took a job as a cashier at Southern Bank and, seven years later, became the bank's president. A few years later, Britton was named president of the National Bank of the State of Missouri.
Following mayor Arthur Barret's sudden death in 1875, Britton ran for mayor and was nominated by the Democratic party on May 10, 1875. In the special mayoral election held five days later on May 15, Britton defeated his opponent Henry Overstolz. However, two days later, Overstolz decided to contest the election alleging ballot stuffing amongst other things. Several months later, the ballots were recounted and on February 9, 1876, Britton was unseated and Overstolz was declared mayor. Britton had lost by 77 votes out of more than 29,000 votes cast.
During the nine months that Britton served as mayor, many sewer districts were created and building inspections were mandated for new construction.
Britton died January 27, 1900 in Ardsley, New York and is buried in Bellefontaine Cemetery in St. Louis.

</doc>
<doc id="18937500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937500" title="Montana World War II Army Airfields">
Montana World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in Montana for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Second Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However, the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, returned to agriculture, or retained as United States Air Force installations that served as front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major Airfields.
Second Air Force
Air Transport Command

</doc>
<doc id="18937537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937537" title="North Dakota World War II Army Airfields">
North Dakota World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in North Dakota for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Second Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as United States Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major Airfields.
Air Transport Command
Army Air Force Training Command

</doc>
<doc id="18937539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937539" title="Rookmangud Katawal">
Rookmangud Katawal

General Rookmangud Katawal is a former Chief of Army Staff of the Nepali Army.
Biography.
A graduate of the Indian National Defence Academy and the Indian Military Academy, he holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Nepal's Tribhuwan University and a Masters Degree in National Defence from Pakistan's Quaid-i-Azam University. General Katawal is also the Distinguished International Honour Graduate of the US Special Forces Course, and earned the coveted Gideon in the U.S. Ranger Course. He is also a graduate of the Army Command and Staff College, Camberley UK, the Senior Command Course, India and the National Defence University, Islamabad, Pakistan.
Military career.
In 1988 he became the Chief Military Personnel Officer of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon. General Katawal was appointed as Chief of the Army Staff (COAS) of the Nepalese Army on 10 September 2006. Earlier, he was Chief of General Staff from 10 September 2004 to 10 September 2006 in the rank of Lieutenant General, and commanded the then Western Division in the peak of counterinsurgency operations between December 2003 and August 2004. General Katawal is also 'Colonel Commandant' of his old battalion, Shree Pashupati Prasad. 
On 29 December 2001, General Katawal was appointed the first co-coordinator of the National Security Council Secretariat. He also served as the Adjutant General (AG) and the Director of Military Intelligence of the Nepalese Army, and as the Commandant of the Royal Nepalese Military Academy. He holds the distinction of having commanded three consecutive Brigades, two Infantry and one Special Forces. He has also served in the United Nations Emergency Force (UNEF) in the Suez Canal area, and has been the Nepalese Government's Liaison Officer to the Brigade of Gurkhas of the British Army and Government of Hong Kong, and the Chief Military Personnel Officer of the United Nations Interim Forces in Lebanon (UNIFIL).
Positions and controversy.
He has been fiercely resisting group integration of Maoist rebels into the National Army and has been at odds with Maoist government on several other issues. Controversy surrounding his relationship with the ruling government, largely focused on recruiting issues, led to his brief sacking on May 3, 2009. It was also rumored that he had a strong backing from Indian government. Protests in response to his sacking included the withdrawal of the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist) from the ruling coalition government. The CPN-Maoists at the head of the coalition then named Lt. General Kul Bahadur Khadka as a replacement COAS. Shortly afterwards, the President of Nepal overrode both decisions and ordered him to continue his service. This resulted in Prime Minister Prachanda's resignation and a general collapse of the government.

</doc>
<doc id="18937540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937540" title="Technical Service Council">
Technical Service Council

The Technical Service Council was set up to combat the "brain drain" of Canadian engineers to the United States, when over 20% of the graduating classes were emigrating. Ireland, India, New Zealand and even Switzerland have had similar problems.
In 1927, Canadian industry financed the Council, whose directors concluded that a non-profit employment service that was free to graduates might minimize emigration. The service survived the Depression, played a part in recruiting scientists and engineers for war work, pioneered outplacement and expanded to include other professional occupations. It financed major studies of the supply of and demand for engineers and offered free-job-hunting courses to professionals.
Although started in Toronto, the Council eventually had offices in Montreal, Winnipeg, Calgary, Edmonton and Vancouver before becoming bankrupt in 1994. It may have reduced the brain drain during its first 20 or 25 years, but it's not possible to judge its later record.
History.
Beginning.
In the 1920s over 20% of Canadian engineering graduates emigrated to the United States. At that time, jobs in the U.S. were both much more numerous and more varied than in Canada. Meanwhile, the number of graduates soared, Canadian employers were unconvinced of the value of engineering degrees and new graduates complained of the lack of jobs.
Robert A. Bryce, president of Macassa Mines Ltd. and Prof. H.E.T. Haultain of the University of Toronto resolved to act. In April 1927 they and Rev.Canon H.J. Cody, chairman of the board of governors of the University of Toronto, invited the chief executives of major firms to a dinner at the National Club in Toronto. After hearing how the loss of talent could hamper industry, each of the 12 executives promised $1,000 to fund a non-profit organization to combat the "brain drain". The brain drain, the selling of science to employers and Canadian nationalism were tightly intertwined ideas. The firm was called the Technical Service Council.
Rolsa Eric Smythe was hired to run the Council. Appropriately, he was a Canadian engineer who had been working in Detroit. (3)
After a study of placement operations in other countries and consultation with employers, the directors decided that engineers would not respond to urges to stay in Canada. Instead the Technical Service Council would find jobs for them by operating a free (to graduates) placement service. Employers would be invited to donate to the service, although later some companies used the service without contributing.
Objectives.
The objectives were: To retain for Canada young Canadians educated along technical and scientific lines; to bring graduates of universities and technical institutions into practical contact with Canadian industry; to submit to universities the recommendations of industry concerning scientific courses and to aid industry in technical and scientific employment problems.
Early operations.
A small office was opened in Toronto in 1928 with $30,000 "seed money" from 30 firms to finance a three-year experiment. Between July and December, 159 job hunters registered, 185 jobs were listed by employers and 81 engineers were placed by the staff of two.
The Great Depression soon arrived, wiping out many jobs. Some graduates were placed in welcome, but undemanding jobs, like street car conductor. Raising money was difficult and the Council survived only because of grants from the government of Ontario in 1932-34 and sometimes, Smythe's forgoing his salary. It was decided to ask those who had found jobs through the TSC to make donations. This produced some money, but the organization had a hand-to-mouth existence until 1957, apart from the World War II years. (3)
By June 30, 1933, over 1,180 personnel had been placed, 110 of whom were repatriated Canadians. Expenses for the first five years of operations
were $44,988. In 1933, 111 men and women were placed by the Council's staff of two.
Even then it was clear that engineers needed business knowledge. The Council persuaded the University of Western Ontario to offer a diploma course in management for engineers. Then such a course was novel, if not unique. In 1951 numerous employers and graduates in ceramic engineering were surveyed on behalf of the University of Saskatchewan to estimate future demand. Some time later a similar survey was made for the University of Toronto. As a result of these studies, both universities discontinued their ceramic engineering programs.
By 1938, in response employers' demand for "one-stop service", the Council expanded to include executives, accountants, marketing, production and personnel staff. A year later, the economy had improved, but the Council's placements were mainly in Ontario and Quebec, where Canada's industry was concentrated.
Wartime years.
Job vacancies soared with the start of World War II. Shipyards, steel mills, armaments and munitions factories, aircraft manufacturers and construction companies urgently needed engineers. Few engineers even considered emigrating to the United States because of patriotic reasons and the plethora of jobs.
The Technical Service Council was the only placement service allowed to operate during the war. Its bank of professionals was such an important national resource that 15 recruiters from Defence Industries Ltd., the major munitions manufacturer, were loaned to the Council.
Post-war activities.
After the war, veterans were entitled to free university tuition. Therefore record numbers of engineers were graduated in 1949 and 1950. Graduates of Western and Maritime universities, both in areas with limited industry, greatly outnumbered local vacancies. Many engineers moved to Ontario, Quebec and the United States. About 2,500 professional men emigrated to the United States in 1950 alone. Nevertheless, one study showed that the exodus of technically trained graduates dropped from 27% of the graduating classes in 1927 to under 10% in 1951.
Pioneering work was done on group interviews and recruitment advertising in 1950-52. The latter study showed how employers could increase response to their ads. The Federal government engaged the Council to write a handbook on the job market for immigrants while the Ontario Government asked the Council to appraise opportunities for prospective immigrants from Great Britain.
Canadian industry contributed more than $300,000 to the Council between 1927 and 1953. During the same period, employers listed 16,533 job vacancies. 6,817 men with special training were placed in key positions in business and industry. The Council registered and interviewed 24,607 men with higher education. The qualifications of each were carefully cross-indexed and maintained for employers. An additional 100,000 individuals were interviewed to assess qualifications and give free vocational advice. The average cost per placement rose from $50 to $100 between 1948 and 1954.
Between 1951 and 1956, 3,072 engineers, equivalent to 31% of graduating classes in engineering, emigrated to the United States. They could have staffed the largest missile centre in the Western World. In 1951 the equivalent of 11% of the graduating classes in engineering left for the United States. In 1956, as immigrants were less likely to be drafted, the percentage had soared to 46%.
In 1957 the Council almost collapsed, but it was revived by new management who increased placement fees.
Shortages of engineers and scientists in Canada often coincided with equally acute shortages in the United States. American companies then recruited actively in Canada, as they did following the 1959 cancellation of Canada's much-vaunted Avro Arrow jet fighter. In addition, Canadians completing post-graduate training in the U.S. often found getting a job locally easier than searching for one in distant Canada.
In 1962 a branch in Montreal called Technical Service Council/Le Conseil de Placement Professionnel was opened. It was followed by others in Winnipeg, Calgary, Edmonton and Vancouver.
Outplacement and other activities.
The Council was one of the pioneers of outplacement (then called relocation counselling) in Canada. Its first contract in 1970 eventually developed into a significant activity. In addition to individual counselling, free office services and other benefits, clients were given "How to Job Hunt Effectively," a substantial hand and work book. The book was also available to the public and over 5,000 copies were sold.
From 1967 regular one-day employment interviewing courses for line managers were run in major cities. Students received written critiques of their interviews with actors.
By 1971 out-of-work university graduates were so numerous that free "How to Job Hunt" courses were held in several cities. As another public service, over $200,000. was spent researching and publishing ten-year forecasts of the supply of and demand for engineering graduates in 1975 and again in 1988. Both studies were intended to improve understanding of the job market, candidate mobility and help minimize "mismatch". They were provided free to Canadian universities and sold at below cost to employers.
In the same year, an executive search division, Bryce, Haultain & Associates, was opened and named after two of the Council's co-founders.
Later placement activities.
By 1976 the Council had placed over 16,000 men and women. An equal number were estimated to have rejected job offers from the Council's client companies. Studies showed that 25% of job listings were never filled from any source. Employers' reasons included budget cuts, inability to find someone who filled the job specifications, candidates' high asking salaries, reorganizations and a belated realization that existing staff could do the job.
In 1976 573 firms were members. Annual membership fees were mainly $100 to $500., depending upon company size and usage. Placement fees were kept low in order to attract job listings. The greater the choice of vacancies, the more likely candidates were to stay in Canada. Placement fees for member companies were 4% to 5% of the placement's annual income. Commercial employment agencies charged 20% to 30%.
Over 17,000 engineers and scientists emigrated from Canada to the United States between 1960 and 1979. The number of engineers emigrating declined from 1,209 in 1967 to only 289 in 1977, and the number of chemists emigrating dropped from 156 to 58 during the same period. However, engineers and scientists emigrating increased from 727 in 1982 to 1,433 in 1985.
Active job listings reached 4,328 in June 1981,an astonishing figure for such a clearing house. Orders plummeted when Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau's highly controversial National Energy Program took effect. About half the Council's staff was laid off.
Nevertheless, between 1928 and 1988, over 46,000 men and women had received job offers from about 1,700 of the Council's employer clients.
Frequent dramatic swings in the job market caused the Council to build a financial reserve equal to two times' annual operating expenses. The reserve was over three times' expenses in December, 1991, but the Council was declared bankrupt in September, 1994.
Evaluation of results.
From 1928 to 1939, job vacancies were mainly advertised locally so job hunters had difficulty learning of distant jobs. The Maritimes and West had so little industry that their substantial engineering graduating classes had to seek positions elsewhere. Employers seldom sought professionals through the Federal employment service while universities had tiny or non-existent placement services. This lack of job information made the Council's numerous industrial contacts especially important to job hunters. The exodus of technically trained Canadians is said to have dropped from 27% of graduating classes in 1927 to under 10% in 1951 and 5% in 1967.
Any evaluation of the later years is difficult. The number of job vacancies and job hunters both increased. But often supply and demand were out of sync, encouraging emigration. Universities devoted more resources to placing their graduates, but often gave little attention to experienced graduates. Commercial employment agencies expanded, but few lasted five years because of the erratic job market. Eventually, one and then another national newspaper spread news of distant vacancies. Although graduates had better information than ever, the Council was still busy. Despite this, 2,500 professional men moved to the United States in 1950 alone. It is impossible to judge the Council's impact on the "brain drain" since then.
The Ministry of State, Science and Technology asked the Council to study the feasibility of a National Register of Canadians in research-oriented occupations who are working or studying out of the country. The study found that 65% of employers contacted had a strong or moderate interest in a register. It was estimated that only one or two per cent of candidates would find jobs through the register. Neither the register nor a free handbook on job hunting in Canada would get at the reasons why many Canadians do not return: a perceived lack of opportunities in their specialty and lack of research support in Canada.
The study noted that efforts by the Association of Medical Colleges of Canada and the Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada to recruit Canadians in the U.S. had failed. In 1986 twenty British firms advertised for British-trained engineers in North America. The ads produced 6,500 replies and about 1,800 job offers. Only 89 offers were accepted at what was considered an uneconomical cost.
References.
16. Cuddihy, Basil Robert. "How to Give Phased-out Managers a New Chance", "Harvard Business Review", Jul.-Aug. 1974. Neither the Technical Service Council nor the other consultant used is named. (This entry replaces No.16 above.)
22. Technical Service Council advertisement in "Ontario Technologist" and about six other Canadian technical publications. Summer, 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18937574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937574" title="10 cm Gebirgshaubitze M 8">
10 cm Gebirgshaubitze M 8

The 10 cm Gebirgshaubitze M 8 was a mountain howitzer used by Austria-Hungary during World War I. It was the first Austrian howitzer to use a modern hydraulic variable-recoil system. It used the same ammunition as the earlier 10 cm Gebirgshaubitze M 99, which was shown to be accurate, but lacked sufficient power to destroy bunkers, during World War I. It had a gun shield. It could be mounted on a special sled carriage designated 10 "cm" M. 8 Gebirgsschleife designed to allow for high-angle fire between +43° and 70° elevation. This sled was transported on a special bedding cart with removable wheels. The wheels were removed when in position to fire.
The 10 cm Gebirgshaubitze M 10 was virtually identical except that it had its traversing and elevating handwheels on different sides and it was not given a high-angle mount.

</doc>
<doc id="18937577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937577" title="Oregon World War II Army Airfields">
Oregon World War II Army Airfields

Oregon World War II Army Airfields were the airfields built or repurposed during World War II for training pilots and aircrews of United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) fighters and bombers in Oregon.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Second Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, though some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as United States Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major airfields.
Second Air Force
Air Technical Service Command

</doc>
<doc id="18937602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937602" title="South Brooklyn Community High School">
South Brooklyn Community High School

South Brooklyn Community High School (SBCHS) is a public transfer high school in Red Hook, Brooklyn offering students who are truant or have dropped out a second chance to earn a high school diploma 
The school is a partnership between the NYCDOE and Good Shepherd Services, a youth development, education and family service agency.

</doc>
<doc id="18937608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937608" title="Baksan River">
Baksan River

Baksan River, also known as Azau () is a river in Kabardino-Balkaria in Russia, a right tributary of the Malka River (Terek's basin). The length of the Baksan is 173 km, the area of its drainage basin is 6,800 km². The Baksan originates in the glaciers of the Elbrus. The towns of Tyrnyauz and Baksan are located on the Baksan River. 

</doc>
<doc id="18937614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937614" title="South Dakota World War II Army Airfields">
South Dakota World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in South Dakota for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Second Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as United States Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major Airfields.
Air Technical Service Command
Second Air Force
Personnel Distribution Command
Army Air Force Training Command

</doc>
<doc id="18937625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937625" title="Eriko Arakawa">
Eriko Arakawa

Career.
Arakawa previously played for L. League side NTV Beleza. However, in the September 2008 WPS International Draft, she was drafted by FC Gold Pride in the top level US based Women's Professional Soccer league.
In her first appearance for FC Gold Pride, Arakawa scored the club's first ever goal against Boston Breakers leading to a 2–1 victory. It would turn out to be her only goal of the season. Following the end of the WPS season, she was loaned back to NTV Beleza for the remainder of her contract, which was due to expire in September 2009. In May 2010, she made a permanent move to Urawa Red Diamonds Ladies. She signed for AS Elfen Sayama FC in the Challenge League (Japan's 2nd tier) for the 2013 season.
International.
Arakawa made her first appearance for Japan on 10 June 2000 against Canada in the Pan Pacific Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18937626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937626" title="2008 Gulf Cup of Nations Under 23">
2008 Gulf Cup of Nations Under 23

The Under 23 Gulf Cup of Nations was played for the first time in 2008.
The championship was held in Saudi Arabia. Only five nations took part, hosts Saudi Arabia and nations Qatar, Oman, Bahrain and Kuwait. 
Saudi Arabia became the first champions of this age-grouped event.

</doc>
<doc id="18937636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937636" title="Velavoor">
Velavoor

Velavoor is a village in the Thiruvananthapuram district of Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="18937637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937637" title="Tolkunbek Hudaybergenov">
Tolkunbek Hudaybergenov

Tolkunbek Hudaybergenov (born January 4, 1986) is a Turkmen weightlifter. He was born in the Gurbansoltan Eje district, Daşoguz Province.
At the 2008 Asian Championships he won the bronze medal in the clean and jerk in the 62 kg category, overall ranking 4th with a total of .
He competed in Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 62 kg division finishing seventh, with , beating his previous personal best by .
He is tall and weighs .

</doc>
<doc id="18937649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937649" title="Washington World War II Army Airfields">
Washington World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in Washington for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Second Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as United States Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major Airfields.
Army Air Force Training Command
Air Transport Command
Air Technical Service Command
Second Air Force

</doc>
<doc id="18937654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937654" title="Doug Johns">
Doug Johns

Douglas Alan Johns (December 19, 1967, in South Bend, Indiana), is a retired Major League Baseball player who was a pitcher from -. He played for the Oakland Athletics and Baltimore Orioles.[http://books.google.com/books?id=xMa5EJK58pEC&pg=PA242&dq=%22Doug+Johns%22+baseball&hl=en&ei=6LxPTYqoDYG0lQfVmGA&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=2&ved=0CDEQ6AEwAQ#v=onepage&q=%22Doug%20Johns%22%20baseball&f=false His mother is Jewish, and his father is Roman Catholic, and he considers himself Catholic.[http://books.google.com/books?id=9ZzxydPInwgC&pg=PA90&dq=%22doug+johns%22+baseball++jewish&hl=en&ei=JUxHTvyoFajc0QGu97ziBw&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=1&ved=0CCoQ6AEwAA#v=onepage&q=%22doug%20johns%22%20baseball%20%20jewish&f=false

</doc>
<doc id="18937700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937700" title="Utah World War II Army Airfields">
Utah World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in Utah for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Second Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as United States Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major Airfields.
Proving Ground Command
Air Technical Service Command
Army Air Forces Training Command
Second Air Force

</doc>
<doc id="18937703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937703" title="Nydala Abbey">
Nydala Abbey

Nydala Abbey was a cistercian monastery in the province of Småland, Sweden, near the lake of Rusken.
Nydala (from Swedish "ny", meaning "new", and "dal", meaning "valley") was called "Sancta Maria de Nova Valle" or just "Nova Vallis" in Latin. It was founded together with Alvastra Abbey in 1147 as the first cistercian monasteries in Sweden. King Gustavus Vasa appropriated the abbey in the 1520s, and the Danes sacked it in 1568. Part of the abbey church was rebuilt in the following years, and is still used as parish church. Some other ruins also remain visible at the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18937712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937712" title="John Safer">
John Safer

John Safer (born September 6, 1922) is an American sculptor. Safer's varied career spans work in theater lighting, television, real estate, politics and banking.
Safer is best known for his monumental sculptures, but he has also created many smaller works. These include award sculptures for organizations such as the National Air and Space Museum, the PGA Tour, the Georgetown University Lombardi Cancer Center, the World Peace Foundation, and the Shakespeare Guild.
Safer's works stand in museums, galleries and embassies throughout the world. In 1972 and in 1989 the U.S. Department of State sent a group of Safer sculptures abroad to be exhibited as examples of America's finest art.
Sculpture.
Safer's earliest sculptures in the 1950s and 1960s were small works of Lucite. Over time he also began to work in bronze and stainless steel. The pieces became larger and in 1979 his first public commission, "Judgment", a multi-ton patinated bronze, was installed at Harvard Law School in Cambridge,Massachusetts.
This was the first in a long string of public installations.
As the commissions grew in number they grew in size as well. "Interplay", created in 1987, is high. "Leading Edge", created in 1989, is high. His hallmark work, "Ascent", which stands at the entrance of the Smithsonian Institution's Udvar-Hazy Center at Dulles Airport in Virginia, is high.
"Through his work, John has tried to capture the essence … and reduce the subject to the pure line in space that Aristotle believed to be the basis of sculpture."[http://www.johnsafer.com/library/porsuits.html]
Early life.
John Safer was born and raised in Washington, D.C., the only child of John and Rebecca Safer. His father, who operated a moving and storage business, was a lawyer who graduated from Georgetown University Law School at the head of his class. His mother Rebecca was a social activist, suffragette and intellectual. John learned to read and write by the age of four. At this time his mother entered him into first grade at the Maret French School.
Safer continued as a precocious student. Fluent in French, he entered high school at the age of eleven and graduated when he was fourteen. He was pressured by his mother to enroll at Harvard University. Safer, uncomfortable at the thought of being a fourteen year old college student, deliberately failed the Harvard entrance exam by handing in blank pages. [http://www.johnsafer.com/library/porsuits.html]
Safer instead attended Woodward Prep School. There he discovered his love for and ability in athletics. This theme would greatly influence his art and his life. Until then, his age and size had prevented him from participating in sports and left him with the sense that he was a misfit.
At the age of sixteen, Safer entered George Washington University where he majored in economics. He became an assistant to Professor Edward Acheson –– brother of the United States Secretary of State Dean Acheson –– who became a mentor. At the beginning of World War II, Safer enlisted in the United States Air Force to become a flying cadet.
Safer became a first lieutenant and served in India, Burma and China. When the war ended in 1945 he opted for an additional year in the Air Force hoping to fulfill a dream of seeing Europe's great works of art while he was stationed there. His new assignment allowed him to visit the Parthenon, the Tate, and the Louvre. While in Rome, he learned that he was suddenly to be transferred to Athens. Unwilling to leave Italy without visiting the Accademia in Florence, Safer "borrowed" a jeep to make the drive to see Michelangelo's "David". The Accademia was closed but he convinced the caretaker to let him in. The two hours Safer spent alone with the masterpiece resulted in a seminal experience, but it was Michelangelo's other sculptures in the Gallery, "The Prisoners", which gave Safer an insight that was to impact his entire life and transform his artistic career.
"The Prisoners" are heroic figures rising from rough hewn stone. The upper portion of the figures are finished while the lower part remains uncarved. As Safer studied "The Prisoners" he realized the power of the abstract –– a realization that gave direction to his future work.
Businessman.
After Safer graduated from Harvard Law School in 1949 his fascination with the emerging technology and promise of television prompted him to take a job as a handyman at WXEL in Cleveland, Ohio. He quickly rose to the position of program director. During this time his innovations led the new independent station to "beat the ratings of all the network affiliates."[http://www.johnsafer.com/library/dossier.html]
In 1953 Safer's father became terminally ill and he returned to Washington, D.C. to take over his father's affairs. Although Safer successfully parlayed these into a major real estate development business he did not find his commercial life a rewarding one.
In 1974 Safer entered the world of banking, becoming Chairman of the Executive Committee of Financial General Bankshares, and in 1981 the Chairman of the Board of DC National Bank which later became part of Bank of America.
In 1999 Safer became Chairman of the Board of Materia, Inc. Materia specializes in Olefin metathesis, and is noted for its Nobel Prize winning Green chemistry.
Sculptor.
Safer never formally studied art. His first forays into sculpture were experiments with plastic swizzle sticks. In 1957 he made his first creations, and he continued to experiment, eventually beginning to carve Lucite. In 1969 Safer had his first show in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania at the Michael Berger Gallery. Several shows in private galleries followed with a major exhibition at the Pyramid Gallery in Washington, D.C.
[http://pqasb.pqarchiver.com/washingtonpost_historical/access/145551122.html?dids=145551122:145551122&FMT=ABS&FMTS=ABS:AI&fmac=&date=Nov+29%2C+1970&author=By+Paul+Richard&desc=John+Safer%27s+Way+With+Light]
In 1971 the renowned art collector and U.S. Ambassador to Great Britain, Walter Annenberg, invited Safer to have an exhibition at the American Embassy in London.
In 1972 President Gerald Ford presented Safer's "Limits of Infinity" to King Juan Carlos of Spain as a gift of state. This in turn led to several major events in Safer's sculptural career. As a result of a news report of President Ford's gift, the Dean of Harvard Law School sought to acquire a Safer sculpture for the school. This culminated in 1979 with the installation of "Judgment", a monumental bronze work which was presented to Harvard Law School as a gift of Safer's class of 1949. This was Safer's first monumental public work.
John McArthur, the Dean of Harvard Business School visited the palace at Zarzuela where King Juan Carlos had installed "Limits of Infinity". Moved by the sculpture, Dean McArthur returned to America and commissioned Safer's "Search" for Harvard Business School. The patinated bronze was installed on the Business School grounds in 1984 adjacent to the spot where Safer's daughter, Janine, received her MBA five days later.
In 1985 Safer was invited to exhibit sculpture in the Pioneers of Flight Hall at the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum, in Washington, D.C. He has the distinction of being the only artist to have ever had an exhibition in the central gallery of the most visited museum in the
world.[http://books.google.com/books?id=O3hQAAAAMAAJ&q=john+safer++harvard+judgment&dq=john+safer++harvard+judgment&ei=79qNSOvcM4LKigGxn8DVCA&pgis=1]
In 1989 the U.S. Department of State again sent Safer sculptures to Europe. As of 2008, the Department has exhibited Safer sculpture in London, Paris, Beijing, Dublin, Bern, Lisbon, Brussels, Bucharest, Belgrade, Nassau, Washington, and New Deli. Both public and private exhibitions of Safer sculpture can be seen in venues throughout the world.
Safer continues to create sculpture. He works with his stepdaughter Kathryn Scott, to whom he taught his trade and offered his mantle. In 2007, they began work on a monumental sculpture, Quest, for the Johns Hopkins Wilmer Eye Institute. The stainless steel fabricated sculpture and state of the art research center, the Robert H. and Clarice Smith Building, was dedicated two years later, on October 16, 2009, 80 years to the day after the pioneering institute’s first building made its debut. Safer, a patient, donated the multi-ton sculpture as a gift of appreciation. It is one of the largest gifts of art that Johns Hopkins has received. In December 2011, Scott and Safer began work on a model for a monumental sculpture for the Marine Aviation Memorial.
Safer explains the motivation behind his sculpture:
ephemeral."[http://www.johnsafer.com/library/harvard.html]
"I read once that Mozart could conceptualize a whole symphony in an instantaneous flash. Then he would have the laborious task of committing it to paper. This struck a chord, Mozartian I hope, in me. That's the way I create most of my sculpture. I get a kind of instantaneous flash, a look, a total concept, and then I have to give
it substance, make it occupy space."[http://www.johnsafer.com/library/harvard.html]
Safer credits his wife, Joy, with giving him "a new perspective on the world … which lifted my sculpture to a level I had not previously attained."
Sports.
Safer’s interest in sports has provided the inspiration behind many of his sculptures. "Dancer and the Dance", "Serve", "Before the Wind", and "Line of Flight" are works that capture a line of athletic motion.
As a youngster, Safer was ahead of, and therefore smaller than his classmates in school, so it was later that he discovered his own athletic prowess. Safer has awards in marksmanship, baseball and bowling. Safer, now ninety, still plays competitive golf. In November 2012, Safer and his partner Jack Frazee won the Lyford Cay Shootout. Later that week, Safer and his team won the “B” flight in the Lyford Cay Four-Ball Invitational tournament, a tournament they won in 2007, when Safer was 85.
Honours.
Safer has been awarded two honorary degrees: Doctor of Philosophy from Daniel Webster College and Doctor of Literature from Lees-McRae College. In May 2009, Safer received a third honorary degree– Doctor of Fine Arts from George Washington University. Along with Rahm Emanuel and Jeanne L. Narum, Safer delivered a commencement speech, from the National Mall, to the graduating class of 2009.
Safer explains the motivation behind his career:
Bibliography.
Digitized Nov 13, 2007 ISBN 0-89674-008-0, ISBN 978-0-89674-008-2
Contributor David Finn Published by Hudson Hills Press, 1992 Original from the University of Michigan
Digitized Nov 13, 2007 ISBN 1-55595-063-9, ISBN 978-1-55595-063-7
Published by The Galleries, 1975

</doc>
<doc id="18937727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937727" title="Wyoming World War II Army Airfields">
Wyoming World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in Wyoming for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of Second Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as United States Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major Airfields.
Air Technical Service Command

</doc>
<doc id="18937741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937741" title="Steady On">
Steady On

Steady On may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18937752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937752" title="Urukh River">
Urukh River

Urukh River, known as Kharves in its upper reaches (, , "Æræf", Digor: Ирæф, "Iræf"), is a river in North Ossetia–Alania and Kabardino-Balkaria (Russia), a left tributary of the Terek River. The length of the Urukh is 104 km, the area of its drainage basin is 1280 km². The Urukh originates in the glaciers of the Greater Caucasus. The river freezes up in December and remains icebound until March.

</doc>
<doc id="18937770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937770" title="Miss Universo Italia 2005">
Miss Universo Italia 2005

The Miss Universo Italia 2005 pageant was held on April 16, 2005. Only 22 candidates competed for the national crown. The chosen winner represented Italy at the Miss Universe 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18937776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937776" title="Hans E. Hageman">
Hans E. Hageman

Hans E. Hageman (born "c". 1957) became Executive Director of Boys and Girls Harbor in January 2002.
Hageman graduated with honors from Collegiate School for Boys, received a B.A. from Princeton University and his J.D. from Columbia University School of Law.
In 1992, he co-founded and served as Executive Director for The East Harlem School at Exodus House located in East Harlem, New York City.
In 2002, he founded the Sulaxmi School for Girls in Lucknow, India.
In 2005, he founded the Emily N. Carey Harbor School in East Harlem, New York City.
He has also held positions as a Manhattan assistant district attorney in the Office of Special Narcotics Prosecution, as chief counsel for the Neighborhood Defender Service of Harlem, and as minority chief counsel and staff director of the U.S. Senate's Constitution subcommittee.

</doc>
<doc id="18937789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937789" title="C-Clamp (band)">
C-Clamp (band)

C-Clamp was an indie rock band from Chicago, by way of Urbana-Champaign, Illinois.
Band history.
Sometimes referred to as slowcore, C-Clamp placed emphasis on mood, texture and rhythm. Known for their dense layering and simple, yet beautiful vocal harmonies, C-Clamp released only two full length albums in their career. Although they performed live infrequently, they managed to share the stage with many noteworthy bands of that era, including Braid, Castor, Dianogah, Karate and Hum.
Nick Macri went on to perform in the bands Heroic Doses, Euphone, Sunny Day Real Estate, The Lonesome Organist, and The Zincs, as well as with the artists Bobby Conn and Jeremy Enigk.

</doc>
<doc id="18937796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937796" title="Dave Telgheder">
Dave Telgheder

David William Telgheder (November 11, 1966 in Middletown, New York), is a retired Major League Baseball player who pitched from -. He played for the New York Mets and the Oakland Athletics. In 1999 he pitched for the Buffalo Bisons in the Cleveland Indians organization. He is currently an assistant principal and pitching coach for his alma mater, Minisink Valley High School in Slate Hill, New York. He also serves as a color commentator for Time Warner Cable 6 broadcasts of Hudson Valley Renegades baseball games.

</doc>
<doc id="18937816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937816" title="Antoniu Buci">
Antoniu Buci

Antoniu Buci (born January 21, 1990 in Cluj-Napoca, Cluj) is a Romanian weightlifter.
At the 2006 World Championships he ranked 20th in the 56 kg category, with a total of 235 kg.
At the 2007 World Championships he ranked 22nd in the 62 kg category, with a total of 272 kg.
He competed in Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 62 kg division finishing fourth, with 295 kg, beating his previous personal best by 22 kg.
Buci recently won the silver medal at the 2011 European Weightlifting Championships held in Kazan, Russia.
He is 5 ft 3 inches tall and weighs 137 lb.

</doc>
<doc id="18937822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937822" title="Aftab Shaban Mirani">
Aftab Shaban Mirani

Aftab Shaban Mirani () is a politician from Shikarpur, Sindh, Pakistan. The former defence minister is now a representative for the NA-202 constituency.
Family.
Aftab Shahban Mirani's wife Ms Safia Aftab Mirani died on October 5, 2007.
Following the death of his wife, he was phoned by Benazir Bhutto who also spoke to his daughters about his wife saying she was "a brave woman who always stood by her husband, even in the most adverse circumstances." She even visited Mr.Mirani's residence on the second day of her stay in Pakistan, right after her visit to the Quaid-e-Azams mazar. She was received by Mr.Mirani, his daughter, Seema Khurram (wife of Khurram Gulzar (P.S.P) D.I.G of karachi, one of the Senior most Police Officer of Sindh) and also Danial Ahmed, grandson of Mr.Mirani, and son of Mr.Khurram Gulzar. She offered her condolences to everyone there and left for the Bilawal House from there. "
Career.
Mr. Aftab Shahban Mirani was Chief Minister of Sindh and also served as Defence Minister in Benazir Bhutto's government. Following the resignation of president Pervez Musharraf in August 2008 he was for a time considered to be a potential successor.
In the general election of 2008 Mirani stood for as a candidate for the NA-202 seat of Shikarpur and Khanpur in the National Assembly. He won the seat defeating Dr. Muhammad Ibrahim Jatoi of the National Peoples Party, by 47,379 votes to 39,405.
Parliamentary Commission For Judicial Appointments
Following the 18th amendment in the Constitution of Pakistan, the method of appointment of judges in the superior courts faced a change. Contrary to the past, now the Parliament was given a right to keep a check on the recommendations forwarded by the judiciary in this regard. This induction i.e. 175-A was challenged in the Supreme Court. After being heavily debated, the Supreme Court affirmed the supremacy of the parliament by upholding the new amendment and thus there came a need for the formation of the "Parliamentary Commission for Judicial Appointments" . On 16 November 2010, the ruling PPP announced its members for the Parliamentary Commission. Reaffirming its status of the "Symbol Of Federation", PPP inducted a member from each of the four provinces in the commission, unlike the opposition, which nominated three out four members from Punjab. Aftab Shahban Mirani was PPP's nomination from Sindh. He thus holds the privilege of being the pioneer member of the Parliamentary Commission For Judaical Appointments.
References.
He is a member of the Public accounts committee (PAC) of National Assembly of Pakistan. In early February 2010 he chairing the delegate of PAC to attend Annual Summer Residency training for public accounts committee at La Trobe University, Melbourne, Australia
Mr. Mirani is a distinguished personality of the shikarpur who devoted his life for the development of the district. He is a well-mannered, charming and cold-tempered person. He believes in merit and lawfulness. He is easily accessible and very responsive to our needs.
By Ikramullah, Mujeeb Rahman, Mushtaq Ali Mirani Shikarpur

</doc>
<doc id="18937884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937884" title="Phaisan Hansawong">
Phaisan Hansawong

Phaisan Hansawong (, born October 21, 1989) is a Thai weightlifter.
At the 2007 World Championships he ranked 15th in the 56 kg category, with a total of 247 kg.
He competed in Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 62 kg division finishing fifth, with 294 kg, beating his previous personal best by a considerable 47 kg.
He is 5 ft 5 inches tall and weighs 130 lb.

</doc>
<doc id="18937916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937916" title="Qarxun, Nakhchivan">
Qarxun, Nakhchivan

Qarxun (also, Karkhun) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,893. 

</doc>
<doc id="18937924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937924" title="Steady On (Shawn Colvin album)">
Steady On (Shawn Colvin album)

Steady On is the 1989 debut album by singer-songwriter Shawn Colvin. In addition to launching Colvin's career the album won the award for Best Contemporary Folk Album at the 33rd Grammy Awards in February 1991. "Allmusic" calls the album, "a must have for anyone who loves acoustic music created in the grand tradition of Joni Mitchell and James Taylor." Notable guest appearances include Suzanne Vega and Bruce Hornsby.
The album reached 111 on the Billboard 200 in 1989. The title track was released as a single and in 1990 reached 30 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart and 23 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart.
Personnel.
Production notes:

</doc>
<doc id="18937932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937932" title="Rahsaan Bahati">
Rahsaan Bahati

Rahsaan Bahati (born 13 February 1982 in Lynwood, California) is an American racing cyclist who currently rides for his own cycling team, Bahati Foundation Elite Team. He previously raced for the SKLZ-Pista Palace cycling team. Formerly, he rode for and managed the Bahati Foundation Pro Cycling team. He specializes in criterium racing and track cycling. In 2000 he won the amateur USCF National Criterium Championships and in 2008 he won the elite USPRO National Criterium Championships. It was reported that in 2010, Rahsaan will be the subject of a new television series entitled Bahati:Out of Compton that details his mentoring of 6 champion cyclists that share his inner-city Los Angeles roots.

</doc>
<doc id="18937941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937941" title="Lázaro Ruiz">
Lázaro Ruiz

Lázaro Maikel Ruiz (born October 12, 1984) is a Cuban weightlifter. 
At the 2008 Pan American Weightlifting Championships he won bronze in the 62 kg category, lifting a total of 284 kg.
He competed in Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 62 kg division finishing sixth, with 294 kg, beating his previous personal best by 10 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="18937972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937972" title="Wouldn't I Be Someone">
Wouldn't I Be Someone

"Wouldn't I Be Someone" is a song by The Bee Gees. It was released on July 1973. Although the single failed to chart in United States, it was a No. 1 hit in Hong Kong and in Costa Rica, and reached No. 17 in Italy. Originally released on "Best of Bee Gees, Volume 2" with an extended version timed at 5:31, it was noted for its lush symphony orchestra arrangement and bluesy guitar solo by Alan Kendall. The single was shortened to a running time of 3:30 with the B-side of "Elisa". Both songs had been from an album called "A Kick in the Head Is Worth Eight in the Pants". However, producer Robert Stigwood and Polydor refused to release that, citing it to not be commercial enough for sales. It was followed by the more R&B flavored, "Mr. Natural", produced by legendary Arif Mardin.
The album, "A Kick in the Head Is Worth Eight in the Pants", was released as a bootleg in Malaysia on Polydor, but this single and two B-side was RSO/Polydor label.

</doc>
<doc id="18937995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18937995" title="Granulometry (morphology)">
Granulometry (morphology)

In mathematical morphology, granulometry is an approach to compute a size distribution of grains in binary images, using a series of morphological opening operations. It was introduced by Georges Matheron in the 1960s, and is the basis for the characterization of the concept of "size" in mathematical morphology.
Granulometry generated by a structuring element.
Let "B" be a structuring element in an Euclidean space or grid "E", and consider the family formula_1, formula_2, given by:
where formula_4 denotes morphological dilation. By convention, formula_5 is the set containing only the origin of "E", and formula_6.
Let "X" be a set (i.e., a binary image in mathematical morphology), and consider the series of sets formula_7, formula_2, given by:
where formula_10 denotes the morphological opening.
The "granulometry function" formula_11 is the cardinality (i.e., area or volume, in continuous Euclidean space, or number of elements, in grids) of the image formula_12:
The pattern spectrum or size distribution of "X" is the collection of sets formula_14, formula_2, given by:
The parameter "k" is referred to as "size", and the component "k" of the pattern spectrum formula_17 provides a rough estimate for the amount of grains of size "k" in the image "X". Peaks of formula_17 indicate relatively large quantities of grains of the corresponding sizes.
Sieving axioms.
The above common method is a particular case of the more general approach derived by Matheron.
The French mathematician was inspired by sieving as a means of characterizing "size". In sieving, a granular sample is worked through a series of sieves with decreasing hole sizes. As a consequence, the different grains in the sample are separated according to their sizes.
The operation of passing a sample through a sieve of certain hole size ""k"" can be mathematically described as an operator formula_19 that returns the subset of elements in "X" with sizes that are smaller or equal to "k". This family of operators satisfy the following properties:
A granulometry-generating family of operators should satisfy the above three axioms.
In the above case (granulometry generated by a structuring element), formula_23.
Another example of granulometry-generating family is when formula_24, where formula_25 is a set of linear structuring elements with different directions.

</doc>
<doc id="18938001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938001" title="Mohamed Abdelbaki">
Mohamed Abdelbaki

Mohamed Abd Elbaki (born January 18, 1987) is an Egyptian weightlifter. 
He competed in Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 62 kg division finishing eighth, with 288 kg, beating his previous personal best by 2 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="18938004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938004" title="Systems in Blue">
Systems in Blue

Systems in Blue is a German pop band, with the following band members, Rolf Köhler, Michael Scholz, and Detlef Wiedeke. The band members started in the beginning of 60's, working in different bands in 60's and 70's, Rolf Köhler worked for several different artists such as Blonker, Uriah Heep, Blind Guardian, Helloween, Grave Digger, Gamma Ray, Iron Savior, Savage Circus, Tokyo, Mephistopheles, and Kin Ping Meh (featuring Geff Harrison) among others. However, they are famously known for their collaboration as singers with Modern Talking in 1984-1987 and 1998-2000 and Blue System in 1987-1997.
History.
Lawsuit.
In 2001, the musicians filed a lawsuit against BMG because they felt that they did not get compensated fairly for their work on Dieter Bohlen productions, such as Modern Talking, Blue System, C. C. Catch, Nino de Angelo, Chris Norman, Thomas Forstner, and others. The lawsuit was settled out of court. BMG Berlin confirmed that the studio musicians who filed the lawsuit contributed to the chorus of the Blue System and Modern Talking songs (besides "America", "Victory", and "Universe") and all voices were then mixed together and multiplied electronically to get the typical sound for the high-pitched voices. 
Formation of band.
In 2003, together with songwriter / producer Thomas Widrat they founded a project Systems In Blue. The first single "Magic Mystery" released on March 22, 2004 got into TOP-100 of Amazon and climbed up to 12 at the Maxi-Charts. In the "European Dance Charts", the single reached No 1. After changing the label and two more singles they released their first album "Point Of No Return" on September 20, 2005.
Death of lead vocalist.
In September 2007, the lead vocalist Rolf Köhler suffered from a stroke and died shortly after. He was 56 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="18938007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938007" title="Maktoum bin Mohammed Al Maktoum">
Maktoum bin Mohammed Al Maktoum

Sheikh Maktoum Bin Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum (; born 24 November 1983) is the deputy ruler of Dubai, and the Chairman of Dubai Media Incorporated.
Maktoum is the third son of Dubai's ruler, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum. He completed his high school at Rashid Private School, Dubai and graduated from the American University in Dubai with a bachelor's degree in Business Administration in 2005. He attended numerous training courses in the Dubai School of Government, as well as Harvard University.
Sheikh Maktoum chairs the Board of Directors of Dubai Media Incorporated and serves as the Chairman of Dubai Technology and Media Free Zone Authority (TECOM Investments). Sheikh Maktoum has accompanied the President of UAE, Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, to numerous conferences, summits and official visits. He has also accompanied Sheikh Mohammed to several Gulf, Arab and international political and economic conferences.

</doc>
<doc id="18938013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938013" title="Henry Overstolz">
Henry Overstolz

Henry C. Overstolz (July 4, 1821November 29, 1887) was the twenty-fourth mayor of St. Louis, Missouri, serving from 1876 to 1881.
Overstolz was born in Munster, Germany and moved to St. Louis in 1846, where he entered the merchandising business. He quickly involved himself in the city's government and, in 1847, was elected to membership in the City Council. In 1853, Overstolz was elected as the city's comptroller, becoming the first native-born German to be elected to office in St. Louis. Overstolz is a direct descendant of the oldest patrician family of Cologne, Germany. Later, in 1871, he was elected president of the city council.
Overstolz ran for mayor as an independent in April 1875, but lost to Arthur Barret. Following Barret's sudden death a scant three weeks after his election, Overstolz again ran for mayor in the special mayoral election that followed, but lost to his opponent James Britton. Overstolz contested the election two days later, alleging, among other irregularities, ballot stuffing. In February 1876, after a recount of the ballots, Overstolz unseated Britton and was declared mayor, having won by 77 votes out of more than 29,000 votes cast.
Overstolz was a supporter of the Charter and Scheme that separated the city of St. Louis from St. Louis County in 1876. As a result of the new city charter, Overstolz became the first mayor of St. Louis elected to a four-year term when he was reelected in 1877.
During the course of his mayorship, Overstolz worked to reorganize the city government and forge new relationships with the county and state resulting from the changes instituted by the new city charter.
Overstolz sought a third term as mayor, but was defeated by William Ewing in the 1881 mayoral election.
Overstolz died on November 29, 1887 and was buried in Bellefontaine Cemetery in St. Louis.

</doc>
<doc id="18938031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938031" title="Aldrin (disambiguation)">
Aldrin (disambiguation)

Aldrin is a pesticide.
Aldrin may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18938036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938036" title="Ardon River">
Ardon River

Ardon River (, , "Ærydon") is a river in North Ossetia–Alania in Russia, a left tributary of the Terek River. The length of the Ardon is 102 km, the area of its drainage basin is 2700 km². The Ardon originates in the glaciers of the Greater Caucasus. The Ossetian Military Road crosses the valley of the Ardon River.

</doc>
<doc id="18938043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938043" title="Ji Hun-Min">
Ji Hun-Min

Ji Hun-Min (born March 26, 1984) is a South Korean weightlifter. He competed in the Men's Featherweight division at the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games. After placing second after the snatch lift, he failed to successfully lift in the clean and jerk, and hence was disqualified.

</doc>
<doc id="18938044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938044" title="Cryptoperiod">
Cryptoperiod

A cryptoperiod is the time span during which a specific cryptographic key is authorized for use. Common government guidelines range from 1 to 3 years for asymmetric cryptography, and 1 day to 7 days for symmetric cipher traffic keys.
Factors to consider include the strength of the underlying encryption algorithm, key length, the likelihood of compromise through a security breach and the availability of mechanims of revoking keys.
In traditional cryptographic practice, keys were changed at regular intervals, typically at the same time each day. The code word for a key change, in NSA parlance, is HJ or Hotel Juliet in the NATO phonetic alphabet.
References.
http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/nistpubs/800-57/sp800-57_PART3_key-management_Dec2009.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="18938049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938049" title="DVD-Video">
DVD-Video

DVD-Video is a consumer video format used to store digital video on DVD discs, and is currently the dominant consumer video format in Asia, North America, Europe, and Australia. Discs using the DVD-Video specification require a DVD drive and an MPEG-2 decoder (e.g., a DVD player, or a computer DVD drive with a software DVD player). Commercial DVD movies are encoded using a combination MPEG-2 compressed video and audio of varying formats (often multi-channel formats as described below). Typically, the data rate for DVD movies ranges from 3 Mbit/s to 9.5 Mbit/s, and the bit rate is usually adaptive. It was first available for retail around March 26, 1997.
The DVD-Video specification was created by DVD Forum and can be obtained from DVD Format/Logo Licensing Corporation for a fee of $5,000. The specification is not publicly available and every subscriber must sign a non-disclosure agreement. Certain information in the DVD Book is proprietary and confidential.
Video data.
To record moving pictures, DVD-Video uses either H.262/MPEG-2 Part 2 compression at up to 9.8 Mbit/s (9,800 kbit/s) or compression at up to 1.856 Mbit/s (1,856 kbit/s). DVD-Video supports video with a bit depth of 8-bits per color YCbCr with 4:2:0 chroma subsampling.
The following formats are allowed for H.262/MPEG-2 Part 2 video:
The following formats are allowed for MPEG-1 video:
Video with frame aspect ratio is supported in all video modes. Widescreen video is supported only in D-1 resolutions.
The MPEG-1 Part 2 format does not support interlaced video. The H.262/MPEG-2 Part 2 format supports both interlaced and progressive-scan content. Content with frame rate different from one of the rates shown above can be encoded to H.262/MPEG-2 Part 2 by using pulldown. This is most commonly used to encode 23.976 frame/s content for playback at 29.97 frame/s.
Pulldown can be implemented either directly or via flags that identify scanning type, field order and field repeating pattern. Such flags can be added in video stream by the H.262/MPEG-2 Part 2 encoder. A DVD player uses these flags to convert progressive content into interlaced video suitable for interlaced TV sets. These flags also help reproducing progressive content on progressive-scan television sets.
Audio data.
The audio data on a DVD movie can be PCM, DTS, MPEG-1 Audio Layer II (MP2), or Dolby Digital (AC-3) format. In countries using the PAL system standard DVD-Video releases must contain at least one audio track using the PCM, MP2, or AC-3 format, and all standard PAL players must support all three of these formats. A similar standard exists in countries using the NTSC system, though with no requirement mandating the use of or support for the MP2 format. DTS audio is optional for all players, as DTS was not part of the initial draft standard and was added later; thus, many early players are unable to play DTS audio tracks. Only PCM and DTS support 96 kHz sampling rate. Because PCM, being uncompressed, requires a lot of bandwidth and DTS is not universally supported by players, 96 kHz sampling rate is rare for DVDs. The vast majority of commercial DVD-Video releases today employ AC-3 audio. The official allowed formats for the audio tracks on a DVD Video are:
DVDs can contain more than one channel of audio to go together with the video content, supporting a maximum of eight simultaneous audio tracks per video. This is most commonly used for different audio formats DTS 5.1, AC-3 2.0 etc. as well as for commentary and audio tracks in different languages.
Data rate.
DVD-Video discs have a raw bitrate of 11.08 Mbit/s, with a 1.0 Mbit/s overhead, leaving a payload bitrate of 10.08 Mbit/s. Of this, up to 3.36 Mbit/s can be used for subtitles, a maximum of 10.08 Mbit/s can be split amongst audio and video, and a maximum of 9.80 Mbit/s can be used for video alone. In the case of multiple angles the data is stored interleaved, and so there's a bitrate penalty leading to a max bitrate of 8 Mbit/s per angle to compensate for additional seek time. This limit is not cumulative, so each additional angle can still have up to 8 Mbit/s of bitrate available.
Professionally encoded videos average a bitrate of 4-5 Mbit/s with a maximum of 7–8 Mbit/s in high-action scenes. This is typically done to allow greater compatibility among players, and to help prevent buffer underruns in the case of dirty or scratched discs.
Aiming to improve picture quality over standard editions, Columbia TriStar Home Entertainment offered "Superbit" a premium line of DVD-Video titles having average bitrates closer to 6 Mbit/s. Audio quality was also improved by the mandatory inclusion of both Dolby Digital and DTS 5.1 surround audio tracks. Multiple languages, angles, and extra audio tracks were eliminated to free up more space for the main title and thereby to ensure the highest data rate possible. In January 2007 the Superbit line was discontinued.
Other features.
Some DVD hardware or software players may play discs whose MPEG files do not conform to the above standards; commonly this is used to support discs authored with formats such as VCD and SVCD. While VCD and CVD video is supported by the DVD standard, neither SVCD video nor VCD, CVD, or SVCD audio is compatible with the DVD standard.
Some hardware players will also play DVD-ROMs or CD-ROMs containing "raw" MPEG video files; these are "unauthored" and lack the file and header structure that defines DVD-Video. Standard DVD-Video files contain extra information (such as the number of video tracks, chapters and links to extra features) that DVD players use to navigate the disc.
The maximum chapters allowed per title is 99 and the maximum titles allowed per DVD is 99.
Filesystem.
Almost all DVD-Video discs use the "UDF bridge" format, which is a combination of the DVD MicroUDF (a subset of UDF 1.02) and ISO 9660 file systems.
The UDF bridge format provides backwards compatibility for operating systems that support only ISO 9660. Most DVD players read the UDF filesystem from a DVD-Video disc and ignore the ISO9660 filesystem.
Directory and file structure.
A DVD volume for the DVD-Video format has the following structure of directories and files:
IFO files store control and playback information – e.g. information about chapters, subtitles and audio tracks. They do not store any video or audio data or subtitles.
BUP files are only backups of the IFO files.
Domains.
Data structures recorded on a DVD-compliant disc are components of one of the four data groups called domains:
Container.
Video, audio, subtitle and navigation streams are multiplexed and stored on a DVD-Video disc in the VOB container format (Video Object). VOB is based on the MPEG program stream format, but with additional limitations and specifications in the private streams. The MPEG program stream has provisions for non-standard data (as AC-3, DTS, LPCM or subtitles used in VOB files) in the form of so-called private streams. VOB files are a very strict subset of the MPEG program stream standard. While all VOB files are MPEG program streams, not all MPEG program streams comply with the definition for a VOB file.
DVD recorders can use DVD-VR or DVD+VR format instead of DVD-Video. DVD-VR format store multiplexed audiovisual content in VRO containers. VRO file is an equivalent to a collection of DVD-Video VOB files. Fragmented VRO files are not widely supported by hardware or software players and video editing software. DVD+VR standard defines a logical format for DVD-Video compliant recording on optical discs and is commonly used on DVD+R/RW media.
Subtitles.
DVD Video may also include up to 32 subtitle or "subpicture" tracks. Subtitles are usually intended as a visual help for the deaf and hearing impaired and for translating dialogs.
Subtitles can serve other purposes as well. For example, in the DVD release of "Thirteen Days" one of the subtitle tracks includes history notes, giving additional information timed to the events depicted in the film. In the release of "For All Mankind" subtitles display names of the NASA missions and names of the people shown on the screen. "Shaun of the Dead" also features trivia facts about the making of the film on its subtitles menu.
Subtitles are stored as bitmap images and therefore can contain messages in any language. Subtitles are restricted to four colors, including transparent "color", and thus tend to look cruder than permanent subtitles on film. Transparency allows laying subtitles over the video during playback. The subtitle tracks are contained within the VOB file of the DVD.
DVD Video may also contain closed captioning material which can only be viewed on a television set with a decoder.
Chapters and angles.
DVD Video may contain chapters for easy navigation (and continuation of a partially watched film). If space permits, it is also possible to include several versions (called "angles") of certain scenes, though today this feature is mostly used if at all not to show different angles of the action, but as part of internationalization to, for example, show different language versions of images containing written text, if subtitles will not do (e.g., the Queen's spell book in "Snow White", and the scrolling text in the openings of the "Star Wars" films). Multiple angles have found a niche in markets such as yoga and erotica.
Extra features.
A significant selling point of DVD Video is that the storage capacity allows for a wide variety of extra, or bonus, features in addition to the feature film. These extra features can include audio commentary; documentary features, commonly about the making of the main title; interviews; deleted footage; outtakes; photo galleries; storyboards; isolated music scores; trivia text commentary; simple games; film shorts; TV spots; radio spots; theatrical trailers which were used to promote the main title; and teaser trailers advertising related movies or DVDs.
Extra features often provide entertainment or add depth and understanding to the film. Games, bloopers, and galleries provide entertainment. Deleted scenes and alternative endings allow the audience to view additional content which was not included in a theatrical release. Directors cuts allow the audience to see how the director envisioned the main title without the constraints which are placed on a theatrical release.
Other extras that can be included on DVDs are motion menus, still pictures, up to 32 selectable subtitles, seamless branching for multiple storylines, up to 9 camera angles, and DVD-ROM / data files that can be accessed on a computer.
Extra features require additional storage space, which often means encoding the main title with lower than possible data rate to fit both the main title and the extras on one disc. Lower data rate may decrease visual and sound quality, which manifests itself in various compression artifacts. To maintain quality the main title and the extras may be released on several discs, or the extras may be omitted completely like in the "Superbit" line of DVDs.
Restrictions.
DVD-Video has four complementary systems designed to restrict the DVD user in various ways: Macrovision, Content Scramble System (CSS), region codes, and disabled user operations (UOPs). There are also anti-ripping techniques intended to foil ripping software.
Content Scramble System.
Many DVD-Video titles use Content Scramble System (CSS) encryption, which is intended to discourage people from copying the disc. Usually, users need to install software provided on the DVD or downloaded from the Internet such as MPlayer, TotalMedia Theatre, PowerDVD, VLC or WinDVD to be able to view the disc in a computer system.
CSS does not make it difficult (any more) to copy the digital content now that a decoder (DeCSS) has been released, nor is it possible to distinguish between legal and illegal copies of a work, but CSS does restrict the playback software that may be used.
CSS has caused major problems for the inclusion of DVD players in any open source operating systems, since open source player implementations are not officially given access to the decryption keys or license to the patents involved in CSS. Proprietary software players were also difficult to find on some platforms. However, a successful effort has been made to write a decoder by reverse engineering, resulting in DeCSS. This has led to long-running legal battles and the arrest of some of those involved in creating or distributing the DeCSS code, through the use of the controversial U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), on the grounds that such software could also be used to facilitate unauthorized copying of the data on the discs. The Videolan team, however, went on to make the libdvdcss library. Unlike DeCSS, libdvdcss can access a CSS-encypted DVD without the need of a cracked key, thus enabling playback of such discs on opensource players without legal restraints (although DVD rippers using this library may still be subject to restrictions).
The DMCA currently affects only the United States, however many other countries are signatories to the similar WIPO Treaty. In some countries it is not illegal to use de-scrambling software to bypass the DVD restrictions. A number of software programs have since appeared on the Web to view DVDs on a number of different platforms.
Other measures such as anti-ripping, as well as U.S. and non-U.S. copyright law, may be used to prevent making unauthorized copies of DVDs. CSS decrypting software, or ripping software, such as DVD Decrypter, AnyDVD, MacTheRipper, and DVD Shrink allows a disc to be copied to hard disk unscrambled. Some DeCSS applications also remove Macrovision, region codes, and disabled user operations (UOPs).
Anti-ripping.
After DeCSS ripping software became available, companies developed techniques to introduce errors in DVD-Video discs that do not normally affect playback and navigation of a disc, but can cause problems in software that attempts to copy the entire disc. These approaches, which are not part of the official DVD-Video specification, include Sony ARccOS Protection, Macrovision RipGuard, X-protect, ProtectDisc SecureBurn, Anaho, Fortium, and others. All of these methods have been circumvented (as might have been expected, since all standard DVD players naturally circumvent them to play and navigate the discs normally). Riplock is a feature that reduces drive noise during playback but inadvertently reduces ripping speed.
Disabled user operations.
DVD-Video allows the disc to specify whether or not the user may perform any operation, such as selecting a menu, skipping chapters, forwarding or rewinding essentially any function on the remote control. This is known as User Operation Prohibitions, or Prohibited User Operations (UOPs or PUOs). Most DVD players respect these commands (e.g., by preventing skipping or fast-forwarding through a copyright message or an advertisement at the beginning of a disc). However, grey market players ignore UOPs and some DVD "re-authoring" software packages allow the user to produce a copy without these restrictions. The legality of these activities varies by jurisdiction and is the subject of debate. (See fair use.)
Region codes.
Each DVD-Video disc contains one or more region codes, denoting the area(s) of the world in which distribution and playback are intended. The commercial DVD player specification dictates that a player must only play discs that contain its region code. In theory, this allows the motion picture studios to control the various aspects of a release (including content, date and price) on a region-by-region basis, or ensure the success of "staggered" or delayed cinema releases from country to country. For example, the British movie "28 Days Later" was released on DVD in Europe several months prior to the film's release in North American movie theaters. Regional coding kept the European DVD unplayable for most North American consumers, thereby ensuring that ticket sales would be relatively unaffected. 
In practice, many DVD players allow playback of any disc, or can be modified to do so. Entirely independent of encryption, region coding pertains to regional lockout, which originated in the video game industry.
From a worldwide perspective regional coding may be seen as a failure. A huge percentage of players outside of North America can be easily modified (and are even sold pre-modified by mainstream stores such as Amazon.co.uk) to ignore the regional codes on a disc. This, coupled with the fact that almost all televisions in Europe and Australasia are capable of displaying NTSC video (at the very least, in black and white), means that consumers in these regions have a huge choice of discs. Contrary to popular belief, this practice is not illegal and in some countries that strongly support free trade it is encouraged.
A normal DVD player can only play region-coded discs designated for the player's own particular region. However, a code-free or region-free DVD player is capable of playing DVDs from any of the six regions around the world.
The CSS license prohibits manufacturing of DVD players that are not set to a single region by default. While the same license prohibits manufacturers from including prominent interfaces to change the region setting it does not clearly prevent them from including "hidden" menus that enable the player's region to be changed; as such, many high-end models in the U.S. include password-protected or otherwise hidden methods to enable multi-region playback. Conversely in the UK and Ireland many cheap DVD players are multi-region while more expensive systems, including the majority of home cinema systems, are preset to play only region 2 discs.
In China, DVD-Videos for television series are usually released in MPEG-1 video, with MP2 audio. By forgoing Dolby standards, manufacturers cut costs considerably; encoding in lower bit-rates also allows a TV series to be squeezed onto fewer discs. There is no region coding in such cases.
There are also two additional region codes, region 7, which is reserved, and region 8, which is used exclusively for passenger transport such as airlines and cruise ships.
Programming interface.
A virtual machine implemented by the DVD player runs bytecode contained on the DVD. This is used to control playback and display special effects on the menus. The instruction set is called the Virtual Machine (VM) DVD command set. There are 16 general parameter registers (GPRM) to hold temporary values and 24 system parameters (SPRM). As a result of a moderately flexible programming interface, DVD players can be used to play games, such as the DVD re-release of "Dragon's Lair", along with more sophisticated and advanced games such as "Scene It", all of which can be run on standard DVD players.
Players and recorders.
Modern DVD recorders often support additional formats, including DVD+/-R/RW, CD-R/RW, MP3, WMA, SVCD, JPEG, PNG, SVG, KAR and MPEG-4 (DivX/Xvid). Some also include USB ports or flash memory readers. Player prices range from as low as US$20 (GB£10) to as high as US$2,700 (GB£1,350).
DVD drives for computers usually come with one of two kinds of Regional Playback Control (RPC), either RPC-1 or RPC-2. This is used to enforce the publisher's restrictions on what regions of the world the DVD can be played. (See Regional lockout and DVD region codes.) While Open source software DVD players allow everything, commercial ones (both standalone models and software players) come further encumbered with restrictions forbidding the viewer from skipping (or in some cases fast-forwarding) certain content such as copyright warnings or advertisements. (See User operation prohibition.)
Video game systems with DVD-Video playback functionality include: Panasonic Q, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Wii (with an unsupported hack), Xbox (additional remote required), Xbox 360, and Xbox One.
Competitors and successors.
In April 2000, Sonic Solutions and Ravisent announced hDVD, a high-definition extension to DVD. However hDVD failed to gain much popularity.
On November 18, 2003, the Chinese news agency Xinhua reported the final standard of the Chinese government-sponsored Enhanced Versatile Disc (EVD) which is another extension of standard DVD. Shortly thereafter the development of the format was halted by a licensing dispute between Chinese companies and On2 Technologies, but on December 6, 2006, 20 Chinese electronic firms unveiled 54 prototype EVD players and announced their intention for the format to completely replace DVDs in China by 2008. However, due to a lack of sales, support for EVD has recently been dropped by the Xinhua Bookstore in Wuhan, which was a major supporter of the format.
Blu-ray Disc and HD DVD.
Two competing high-definition (HD) optical-disc formats, HD DVD and Blu-ray, were introduced in 2006. The HD DVD format, promoted by Toshiba, had the backing by the DVD Forum, which voted to make it the official successor to DVD. Opposing HD DVD was the Blu-ray format, led by the Blu-ray Disc Association, which shares many members with the DVD forum.
With HD DVD launched in March 2006 and Blu-ray launched in June of the same year, a format war started. Industry analysts likened the situation to the VHS/Betamax format war of the 1980s. At the time of their launch, consumer awareness of either high-definition format was severely limited, with the end result that most consumers avoided both formats, already content with DVD. In February 2008, Toshiba capitulated, citing low demand for HD DVD and the faster growth of Blu-ray, among other reasons. Toshiba ended production of their HD DVD players and discontinued promotion of the format, while the HD DVD movie release schedule concluded by June 2008.
After HD DVD was dicontinued, Blu-ray became the "de facto" high-definition optical disc format. However, sales figures suggest that DVD is in no immediate danger of disappearing. All standard DVDs will play on existing Blu-ray players, making the switch to Blu-ray much easier than the switch from VHS to DVD. In addition, a growing number of hardware vendors are enhancing their Blu-ray players with Internet connectivity for subscription-based video downloads.
CBHD.
China Blue High-definition Disc (CBHD) was introduced in September 2007. This format is based on HD DVD. While the Blu-ray format is marketed internationally, CBHDs have sold significantly in the Chinese market.
Hourly recording storage-capacity.
The resolution chosen for recording determines the length of programming that can be fit on a DVD. For example, a lower resolution mode allows 8 hours of TV programming on a disk. The highest resolution allows 2 hours. A compromise (between length and quality) might allow 6 hours of programming to be recorded onto a DVD. DVD publishers often opt for the higher resolution modes, with roughly 2 hours worth of video per disk. (For example, HBO recorded 2 one-hour episodes per disc for the DVD release of the Game of Thrones.)

</doc>
<doc id="18938050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938050" title="Ben Rivera">
Ben Rivera

Bienvenido "Ben" Rivera Santana (January 11, 1968 in San Pedro de Macoris, Dominican Republic) is a retired professional baseball pitcher. He played three seasons in Major League Baseball from - for the Philadelphia Phillies and Atlanta Braves. He was a member of the 1993 National League Champion Phillies. He also played two seasons in Nippon Professional Baseball for the Hanshin Tigers in -, and one season in the Korea Baseball Organization for the Samsung Lions in .

</doc>
<doc id="18938054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938054" title="Fan art">
Fan art

Fan art or fanart are artworks created by fans of a work of fiction (generally visual media such as comics, movies, television shows or video games) and derived from a character or other aspect of that work. As fan labor, fan art refers to artworks that are neither created nor (normally) commissioned or endorsed by the creators of the work from which the fan art derives. 
A different, older meaning of the term is used in science fiction fandom, where fan art traditionally describes "original" (rather than derivative) artwork related to science fiction or fantasy, created by fan artists, and appearing in low- or non-paying publications such as semiprozines or fanziness, and in the art shows of science fiction conventions. The Hugo Award for Best Fan Artist has been given each year since 1967 for artists who create such works. Like the term fan fiction (although to a lesser extent), this traditional meaning is now sometimes confused with the more recent usage described above. 
Forms.
Fan art can take many forms. In addition to traditional paintings and drawings, fan artists may also create web banners, avatars, or web-based animations, as well as photo collages, posters, and artistic representations of quotes from a work. 
The broad availability of digital image processing and the Internet has greatly increased the scope and potential reach of fan art. U.S. TV producer Bryan Konietzko wrote in 2013:
Copyright.
United States.
The legal status of derivative fan made art in America may be tricky due to the vagaries of the United States Copyright Act. Generally, the right to reproduce and display pieces of artwork is controlled by the original author or artist under 17 U.S.C. § 106. Fan art using settings and characters from a previously created work could be considered a derivative work, which would place control of the copyright with the owner of that original work. Display and distribution of fan art that would be considered a derivative work would be unlawful.
However, American copyright law allows for the production, display and distribution of derivative works if they fall under a fair use exemption, 17 U.S.C. § 107. A court would look at all relevant facts and circumstances to determine whether a particular use qualifies as fair use; a multi-pronged rubric for this decision involves evaluating the amount and substantiality of the original appropriated, the transformative nature of the derivative work, whether the derivative work was done for educational or noncommercial use, and the economic effect that the derivative work imposes on the copyright holder's ability to make and exploit their own derivative works. None of these factors is alone dispositive.
American courts also typically grant broad protection to parody, and some fan art may fall into this category. This has not explicitly been adjudicated with respect to fan art, however. Moreover, while parody is typically afforded protection under § 107, a court must engage in a fact-intensive, case-specific inquiry for each work.

</doc>
<doc id="18938059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938059" title="Keith Henson">
Keith Henson

Howard Keith Henson (born 1942) is an American electrical engineer and writer on space engineering, space law (Moon treaty), memetics, cryonics, evolutionary psychology and physical limitations of Transhumanism.
In 1975, he and his then-wife Carolyn Meinel founded the L5 Society, which promoted space colonization and which was eventually folded into the National Space Society. More recently, Henson's outspoken criticism of the Church of Scientology and subsequent criminal proceedings have gained him headlines.
Early influences.
Keith Henson was raised as an "army brat” attending seven schools before 7th grade. His father, Lt. Col. Howard W. Henson (1909–2001), was a decorated US Army officer who spent much of his career in Army Intelligence. The science-fiction author Robert A. Heinlein played a major role in influencing his early life. Henson graduated from Prescott High School shortly after his father retired, before attending the University of Arizona and receiving a degree in Electrical Engineering.
University.
During much of this period, Henson worked at a geophysics company, mostly running induced polarization surveys in the western US and Peru. Henson also programmed geophysical type cases and wrote data reduction programs for the company.
Druid prank.
Henson was known at the University of Arizona as one of the founders of the Druid Student Center, where a campus humor newspaper, "The Frumious Bandersnatch" was published in the late 1960s. He later cited an incident that occurred in his student days as a good example of memetic replication. When asked to fill in a form that required him to disclose his religious affiliations he wrote "Druid". His prank was soon noticed by other students and before long almost 20% of the student body had registered themselves as Reform Druids, Orthodox Druids, Members of the Church of the "n"th Druid, Zen Druids, Latter-Day Druids and so on. The university was forced to remove the religious affiliation question, breaking the chain of replication and variation.
Analog engineering.
After graduation, Henson went to work for Burr-Brown Research, now merged into Texas Instruments, in Tucson, Arizona. While there, he worked on extremely low distortion quadrature oscillators and non-linear function modules (multipliers, vector adders and root-mean-square). His first patent was a design for a 4-quadrant log-antilog multiplier. He claims to have been fired (not from Burr-Brown) in 1972 for refusing to certify an electronic module for a nuclear power plant that failed to meet a required MTBF specification. Henson then set up his own company, Analog Precision Inc., producing specialized computer interface equipment and related industrial control devices.
Henson married his first wife, Carolyn Meinel, in 1967 and they divorced in 1981.
L5 Society.
In 1974, Henson's occasional rock climbing partner, physicist Dr. Dan Jones, introduced him to the space colonization work of Dr. Gerard K. O'Neill of Princeton University. To promote these ideas, Henson and Meinel founded the L5 Society in 1975.
Henson co-wrote papers for three Space Manufacturing conferences at Princeton. The 1977 and 1979 papers were co-authored with Eric Drexler. Patents were issued on both subjects—vapor phase fabrication and space radiators.
In 1980, Henson testified before the United States Congress when the L5 Society successfully opposed the Moon Treaty. The society was represented by Leigh Ratiner (later a figure in the Inslaw proceedings). The experience eventually became an article, "Star Laws", jointly written by Henson and Arel Lucas and published in "Reason Magazine". Timothy Leary was influenced by Henson's work-and credited him in publications where he referred to Space Migration and Life Extension.
Cryonics.
In 1985, having been convinced by Eric Drexler that nanotechnology provided a route to make it work, Henson, his wife, and their two-year old daughter signed up with Alcor for cryonic suspension. Henson's daughter was the youngest member ever signed up to Alcor. Following the Dora Kent problems, Henson became increasingly active with Alcor. After Alcor had to freeze their chief surgeon, he learned enough surgery to put several cryonics patients on cardiac bypass. He also wrote a column for Alcor’s magazine, "Cryonics", for a few years. Henson persuaded Timothy Leary to become an Alcor Member-although Leary eventually dropped his membership.
In that same year, Henson moved to Silicon Valley, consulting for a number of firms, and eventually debugging garbage collection software for the last stage of Project Xanadu. He was still working for the company that bought the Xanadu license when Scientology lawyer Helena Kobrin tried to destroy the news group alt.religion.scientology. and later e-mailed legal warnings to participants who had quoted as few as six lines of Scientology texts.
Memetics.
Henson's wife, Arel Lucas, was credited by Douglas Hofstadter in "Metamagical Themas" for suggesting the study of memes be called memetics. Henson wrote two articles on memes in 1987, one published in "Analog." The other, "Memes, MetaMemes and Politics," circulated on the internet before being printed. [http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,990753,00.html]
Richard Dawkins, who originated the concept of memes, approvingly cites in the second edition of his book "The Selfish Gene" Henson's coining of the neologism "memeoids" to refer to "victims who have been taken over by a meme to the extent that their own survival becomes inconsequential."
Scientology.
Henson has become one of the focal points of the ongoing struggle between the Church of Scientology and its critics, often referred to as Scientology versus the Internet. Henson entered the Scientology conflict when it was at its most heated, in the mid-1990s. In 1996, many of Scientology's secret writings were released onto the Internet, and the Church of Scientology embarked on a massive worldwide campaign to keep them from being spread to the general public. Henson examined these writings, entitled "New Era Dianetics" (NOTS), and from his examination of these secret documents, claimed that Scientology was committing medical fraud. The NOTS documents, he said, contained detailed instructions for the treatment of physical ailments and illnesses through the use of Scientology practices. A Supreme Court decision in 1971 had declared that Scientology's writings were meant for "purely spiritual" purposes, and all Scientology books published since then have included disclaimers stating that Scientology's E-meter device "does nothing" and does not cure any physical ailments. The NOTS procedures, Henson claimed, were a violation of this decision. To prove his claim, Henson posted two pages from the NOTS documents onto the Usenet newsgroup "alt.religion.scientology".
The Church of Scientology immediately initiated legal action, but Henson did not retract his claims. He was served with a lawsuit by the church's legal arm, the Religious Technology Center, (RTC). Henson defended himself. After a lengthy court battle involving massive amounts of paperwork, Henson was found guilty of copyright infringement. He was ordered to pay $75,000 in fines. Henson declared bankruptcy in response to the judgment. Henson began protesting Scientology regularly, standing outside of Scientology's Gold Base, with a picket sign. The organization sought to obtain a restraining order, which failed.
As a result of this conflict, Henson was charged with three misdemeanors under California Law: making criminal threats (California Penal Code section 422), attempting to make criminal threats (California Penal Code section 422, charged pursuant to Penal Code 664, the "general attempt" statute), and threatening to interfere with freedom to enjoy a constitutional privilege. Sheriff’s Detective Tony Greer, Riverside County lead investigator, said: "In reviewing all of the Internet postings I did not see any direct threat of violence towards the church or any personnel of the church."
The jury verdict of the trial resulted in Henson being convicted of one of the three charges: "interfering with a religion." This misdemeanor charge carried a prison term of six months. On the other two charges, the jury did not agree. Ken Hoden, the general manager of Golden Era Productions (the Church of Scientology's film production facility), claimed that Scientology's allegations against Henson had nothing to do with Scientology's Fair Game policy, and that no such policy existed.
Henson stated his belief that if he went to prison, his life would be placed in jeopardy. Rather than serve his sentence, Henson chose to enter Canada and apply for political asylum. Henson lived quietly in Brantford for three years while he awaited the decision. His request was ultimately denied and, in 2005, he was ordered to present himself for deportation and transfer to US authorities. Instead, Henson fled to the United States and later presented himself to the Canadian consulate in Detroit. He then settled in Prescott, Arizona where he remained for two years until his arrest in 2007 by Arizona authorities.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation, as well as Henson's supporters on the USENET newsgroup "alt.religion.scientology", say that his trial was biased, unfair and a mockery of justice. Henson was prohibited by the trial judge, for example, from arguing that copying documents for the purpose of criticism is fair use. Henson's location as of February 3, 2007 was the Yavapai Detention Center in Prescott, Arizona, awaiting possible extradition to Riverside County, California. At the "initial appearance" hearing on February 5, 2007, Henson stated through counsel that he was fighting extradition and requested release.
Judge Lindberg set a court date for March 5, 2007 in the Prescott Justice Court, and fixed the security for release at $7,500 cash or bond, with standard conditions. Henson's release on bond was secured. In spite of these distractions, Henson finished a space elevator presentation for a European Space Agency conference. The paper was presented by proxy on February 28, 2007.[http://www.congrex.nl/06a12/]
The extradition hearing for Henson was postponed to May 8, 2007, at the request of Henson's attorney and the County attorney. At his release from jail, Henson was handed paper work from Riverside County, including a warrant from September 15, 2000. At the May 8, 2007 hearing, Henson was presented with an arrest warrant, and returned to jail. In 2007, Henson was jailed in Riverside, California for "using threats of force to interfere with another's exercise of civil rights". He was released in early September 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18938066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938066" title="When You Love a Woman">
When You Love a Woman

"When You Love a Woman" is a song by American rock band Journey. It is the third track from their 1996 album "Trial by Fire" and was released as the lead single from that album.
The song reached #1 on the "Billboard" Hot Adult Contemporary chart, where it remained for four weeks in December 1996. It hit #12 on the U.S. Hot 100 and #57 on the Top Hot 100 Hits of 1997, as well as being a Top 10 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay chart, reaching #9. It is Journey's highest charting adult contemporary single.
"When You Love a Woman" was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group.
Video.
The music video features the band playing in what appears to be an empty recording studio. The video, directed by Wayne Isham, was shot inside the (film) Scoring Stage at George Lucas' Skywalker Ranch in Marin County, CA. This was one of the last performances with Steve Perry as vocalist. In the video, Neal Schon plays a white guitar briefly produced for him by Jackson, known as Schon Guitars (which he also used prototypes of on the Raised on Radio Tour) instead of his usual Gibson Les Paul electric guitar.
References.
</references/>

</doc>
<doc id="18938068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938068" title="List of number-one singles of 1983 (Ireland)">
List of number-one singles of 1983 (Ireland)

This is a list of singles which have reached number one on the Irish Singles Chart in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18938073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938073" title="Siegfried Haag">
Siegfried Haag

Siegfried Haag (born 13 March 1945 in Aurich) was a member of the West German terrorist Red Army Faction (RAF). He became a leading figure of the second generation of the group. 
Early career.
After qualifying in 1973, Haag worked as a lawyer in Heidelberg and briefly defended Holger Meins in 1974 and Andreas Baader in 1975 during his trial at Stammheim. 
Terrorism.
Haag was known to be a leftist terrorist sympathiser, and supposedly while he was working as a defence lawyer, he would act as a messenger, passing on information, between different members of the RAF. His crimes became more substantial however and in 1975 he was arrested for smuggling weapons through Switzerland (with the help of Elisabeth Von Dyck) and served six months in a detention centre. He was released and immediately went underground. 
Haag became an important member of the second generation of the RAF and recruited many new members. He was once quoted as saying; ""If I am a general in the Red Army Faction, Baader is a mere corporal.""
He took part in a number of bank robberies, was involved in logistics and weapons procurement. It is thought that he was crucial in planning the West German embassy siege in Stockholm, though he himself did not take part. For a period between 1975 and 1976, Haag underwent guerilla warfare training in a Southern Yemen camp, before returning to West Germany.
Arrest.
In November 1976 Haag was arrested in Hanover when police stopped a stolen car he was driving. In the vehicle they found weapons and cryptic documents that revealed details of the Hanns Martin Schleyer kidnapping, which were deciphered at a later time, only in hindsight. With Haag in prison, leadership of the group was assumed by Brigitte Mohnhaupt, though authorities suspected for a while that somehow Haag was still issuing commands from prison. 
In 1979 Haag was sentenced to 15 years in prison by a Stuttgart court. He was released in 1987 on account of ailing health and apparently regretted his previous life of terrorism.

</doc>
<doc id="18938075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938075" title="Screenshot">
Screenshot

A screenshot, screen capture (or screen-cap), screen dump, screengrab is an image taken by the computer user to record the visible items displayed on the monitor, television, or another visual output device. Usually, this is a digital image using the operating system or software running on the computer, but it can also be a capture made by a camera or a device intercepting the video output of the display. 
Screenshots can be used to demonstrate a program, a particular problem a user might be having, or generally when display output needs to be shown to others or archived. For example, after being emailed a screenshot, a Web page author might be surprised to see how their page looks on a different Web browser and can take corrective action. Likewise with differing email software programs, (particularly such as in a cell phone, tablet, etc.,) a sender might have no idea how their email looks to others until they see a screenshot from another computer and can (hopefully) tweak their settings appropriately.
Built-in screenshot functionality.
Android.
Screenshot support was added to Android in version 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich). Before that, some devices supported screenshot functionality with the following combinations: 
Screenshots can be taken by pressing , and are saved in the "Screenshot" folder in the gallery after a short sound and visual effect.
On certain devices that use modified Android; the button combination and the storage location can vary. Some vendors have also implemented the screenshot functionality on earlier Android versions.
There is no direct way to take screenshots programmatically in non-system apps. However, on most devices, apps may use the system screenshot functionality without special permissions.
Amazon Kindle.
On Amazon Kindle devices, one can take a screenshot by:
Chrome OS.
On Chromebook and related devices with the Chrome OS keyboard layout, pressing the equivalent of on a standard keyboard will capture the entire screen, and the equivalent of will turn the mouse into a rectangle select tool for capturing a custom portion of the screen.
HP WebOS.
Screenshots of the HP webOS can be taken. For webOS phones, simultaneously press . For the HP Touchpad, press . In either case, screenshots will be saved to the "Screen captures" folder in the "Photos" app.
iOS.
A screenshot can be taken on iOS by simultaneously pressing the Home button and the Lock button; the screen will flash and the picture will be stored in PNG format in the "Camera Roll" on the iPhone or in "Saved Photos" on the iPod touch or iPad. The screenshot feature is available with iOS 2.0 and later.
Linux.
On KDE or GNOME, key behavior is quite similar to Windows. (See § Microsoft Windows.) In addition, the following screenshooting utilities are bundled with Linux distributions:
Mac OS X.
On Mac OS X, a user can take a screenshot of an entire screen by pressing , or of a chosen area of the screen by . This screenshot is saved to the user's desktop, with one PNG file per attached monitor. If the user holds down while doing either then the screenshot will be copied to the clipboard instead.
Beginning with Mac OS X Tiger, it is possible to make a screenshot of an active application window. By following , with pressing the , the cross-hair cursor turns into a small camera icon. The current window under the cursor is highlighted, and a click on the mouse or trackpad will capture a screenshot of the entire highlighted element (including the parts offscreen or covered by other windows).
A provided application called Grab will capture a chosen area, a whole window, the whole screen, or the whole screen after 10 seconds and pops the screenshot up in a window ready for copying to the clipboard or saving as a TIFF. The Preview application, also provided, has the same capture options as Grab but opens the captured image immediately in a new window.
A shell utility called "screencapture" (located in codice_1) can be used from the Terminal application or in shell scripts to capture screenshots and save them to files. Various options are available to choose the file format of the screenshot, how the screenshot is captured, if sounds are played, etc. This utility might only be available when the Mac OS X developer tools are installed. A user cannot capture the screen while DVD Player is running.
Maemo 5.
On Maemo 5 a screenshot can be taken by pressing simultaneously. Screenshots will be saved as "Screenshot-YYYYMMDD-HHMMSS.png" in "Images/Screenshots" on the internal storage.
Windows.
On Windows, pressing captures a screenshot of the entire desktop, while captures only the active window. Captured screenshots do not include the mouse pointer. Windows places these captured screenshots in the clipboard, meaning that an additional program needs to retrieve them from the clipboard. Starting with Windows 8, however, or instantly saves a screenshot to the "Screenshots" folder in "Pictures" library. All screenshots are saved as PNG files.
Windows Vista and later include a utility called Snipping Tool, first introduced in Windows XP Tablet PC Edition. It is a screen-capture tool that allows taking screenshots ("snips") of a window, rectangular area, or free-form area. Snips can then be annotated, saved as an image file or as an HTML page, or emailed. However, it does not work with non-tablet XP versions but represents an XP compatible equivalent. Windows 7 and later also include Problem Step Recorder as part of their troubleshooting platforms that once started, automatically captures a screenshot at mouse clicks. 
There are exceptions to what can be captured by this method. For example, contents in hardware overlay are not captured. This includes video images that Windows Media Player 10 or earlier play. As such, special software may be required to capture the screens of video games.
Windows Phone.
In Windows Phone 8, screenshots can be taken by simultaneously pressing and holding the phone's sleep/wake button and Windows Start button. The screenshots are saved in the phone's native screen resolution under "screenshots" in the Photos hub. The screenshot functionality is only available for Windows Phone 8 or later.
Common technical issues.
Hardware overlays.
On Windows systems, screenshots of games and media players sometimes fail, resulting in a blank rectangle. The reason for this is that the graphics are bypassing the normal screen and going to a high-speed graphics processor on the graphics card by using a method called hardware overlay. Generally, there is no way to extract a computed image back out of the graphics card, though software may exist for special cases or specific video cards.
One way these images can be captured is to turn off the hardware overlay. Because many computers have no hardware overlay, most programs are built to work without it, just a little slower. In Windows XP, this is disabled by opening the Display Properties menu, clicking on the "Settings" tab, clicking, "Advanced", "Troubleshoot", and moving the Hardware Acceleration Slider to "None."
Free software media players may also use the overlay but often have a setting to avoid it or have dedicated screenshot functions.
Screen recording.
The screen recording capability of some screen capture programs is a time-saving way to create instructions and presentations, but the resulting files are often large.
A common problem with video recordings is the action jumps, instead of flowing smoothly, due to low frame rate. Though getting faster all the time, ordinary PCs are not yet fast enough to play videos and simultaneously capture them at professional frame rates, "i.e." 30 frame/s. For many cases, high frame rates are not required. This is not generally an issue if simply capturing desktop video, which requires far less processing power than video playback, and it is very possible to capture at 30 frame/s. This of course varies depending on desktop resolution, processing requirements needed for the application that is being captured, and many other factors.
Copyright issues.
Some companies believe the use of screenshots is an infringement of copyright on their program, as it is a derivative work of the widgets and other art created for the software. Regardless of copyright, screenshots may still be legally used under the principle of fair use in the U.S. or fair dealing and similar laws in other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="18938080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938080" title="Scouting for Boys">
Scouting for Boys

Scouting for Boys: A Handbook for Instruction in Good Citizenship is the first book on the Scout Movement, published in 1908. It was written and illustrated by Robert Baden-Powell, its founder. It is based on his boyhood experiences, his experience with the Mafeking Cadet Corps during the Second Boer War at the Siege of Mafeking, and on his experimental camp on Brownsea Island, England.
History.
"Scouting for Boys" (1908) is Baden-Powell's rewrite of his earlier military books "Reconnaissance and Scouting" (1884) and "Aids to Scouting for NCOs and Men" (1899). These books were military manuals used by the British Army to train scouts. At Mafeking, Baden-Powell recruited and trained boys aged 12–15 as postmen, messengers, and later to carry the wounded, to free men for fighting. Upon return to England, following the Boer War, Baden-Powell learned some British schools had been using his books to teach observation and deduction. He decided to revise his military publications into a book for boys. Several friends supported Baden-Powell, including Sir William Alexander Smith, founder of the Boys' Brigade, and Cyril Arthur Pearson, who owned newspapers and printing presses. In 1906 and 1907 Baden-Powell spent a lot of time writing "Scouting for Boys" and advancing his ideas about the Boy Scouts Scheme. These were tested in a camp on Brownsea Island in the summer of 1907, where Pearson's literary editor Percy Everett assisted.
"Scouting for Boys" was published in six fortnightly of approximately 70 pages each, from January to March 1908. They were produced by Pearson's printer, Horace Cox. These six publications were a success, and as planned were issued in book form on 1 May 1908. "Scouting for Boys" has been translated into many languages. In 1948, the book was still selling 50,000 copies annually. Only in 1967 was a decline noted by the publisher, and in the last decades of the 20th century, even by the Scout movement, the book came to be seen as a period curiosity. It is claimed to be the fourth bestselling book of the 20th century. A realistic estimate is that approximately 4 million copies of the UK edition have been sold. Extrapolating this to 87 different language editions worldwide, historic world sales of "Scouting for Boys" can be estimated at 100 to 150 million copies since 1908.
Editions.
"Scouting for Boys" has been published in over thirty consecutive editions by London based C. Arthur Pearson Ltd., and it is translated to all the major languages of the world. Estimatedly, over 100 million books have been printed, making it rank high in the list of best-selling books.
Contents.
All parts of the six instalments in 1908 have the title "Scouting for Boys" in big capitals. With a listed price of '4d. net', it was affordable to many boys, many of whom would have been at work, as the school-leaving age was 14. Authorship is attributed thus: 'by B-P (Lieut. Gen. Baden Powell C.B.)' (sic).
Most chapters start with hints to instructors. All chapters have campfire yarns, appealing to boys, most contain sections with games and activities, and they close with recommendations for books to read.
Part I. Scoutcraft.
The first instalment contains pages 3 to 70. It provides the basic details of scouting.
Part II. Tracking, Woodcraft.
The second part covers pages 71 to 142. It contains chapter II on tracking and chapter III on woodcraft, each with three camp fire yarns.
Part III. Camp life, Campaigning.
The third part covers pages 143 to 206. It contains chapter IV on camp life, and chapter V on campaigning.
Part IV. Endurance and chivalry.
The fourth part covers pages 207 to 270. It contains chapter VI "Endurance for scouts, or How to be strong", and chapter VII "Chivalry of the knights."
Part V. Saving life and patriotism.
The fifth part covers pages 271 to 334. It contains chapter VIII "Saving life, or how to deal with accidents", and chapter IX "Patriotism, or our duties as citizens."
Part VI. Notes for instructors, Scouting games, practices, and displays.
The sixth part covers pages 335 to 398. It contains "Notes to instructors" and "Scouting games, practices , and displays"
Copyright status.
The Scout Association owned the legal copyright to "Scouting for Boys" in the UK, until 31 December 2011, when the copyright expired at the end of the 70th year after the death of its author on 8 January 1941. The book is now in the public domain. Until then it could only be reproduced after permission was granted from the Scout Association headquarters, other than for copyright exceptions in specific countries, such as fair use. The Boy Scouts of America have been granted a special copyright license by Baden-Powell himself for their "Boy Scout Handbook", written during the BSA's formal founding in 1910.
See also.
Other notable books related to Scouting by Baden-Powell include:
Other notable books related to Scouting by other authors include:

</doc>
<doc id="18938082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938082" title="Chubby Wise">
Chubby Wise

Robert Russell "Chubby" Wise (October 2, 1915, Lake City, Florida – January 6, 1996) was an American bluegrass fiddler.
Wise began playing fiddle at age 15, working locally in the Jacksonville area. He joined the Jubilee Hillbillies in 1938, then began playing with Bill Monroe's Blue Grass Boys in 1942, including dates at the Grand Ole Opry. He worked with Monroe through 1948, then played with Clyde Moody in 1948-49. He also played with the York Brothers, Flatt & Scruggs, and Connie B. Gay.
In 1954, Wise became a member of Hank Snow's Rainbow Ranch Boys, again appearing at the Grand Ole Opry; he remained with the group until 1970. Alongside this he worked as a session musician with Mac Wiseman and Red Allen, among others.
Wise returned to Florida in 1984 and went into semi-retirement, though he continued to tour and record occasionally, such as with the Bass Mountain Boys in 1992.
He joined producers Randall Franks and Alan Autry for the In the Heat of the Night (TV Series) cast CD “Christmas Time’s A Comin’” performing "Christmas Time's A Comin'" with the cast on the CD released on Sonlite and MGM/UA for one of the most popular Christmas releases of 1991 and 1992 with Southern retailers. Franks occasionally joined Wise performing twin fiddle with him on his shows.

</doc>
<doc id="18938088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938088" title="Mike Mimbs">
Mike Mimbs

Michael Randall Mimbs (born February 13, 1969) is a retired professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of three seasons in Major League Baseball from 1995 to 1997 for the Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="18938089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938089" title="Honda Rafaga">
Honda Rafaga

The Honda Rafaga series CE4 and CE5 was a compact 4 door sedan sold only in Japan by Honda, introduced October 29, 1993, and used the same 5 cylinder engine that was used in the Honda Inspire and the Honda Vigor and shared a platform with the second generation CE series Honda Ascot. "Rafaga" is Spanish for "gust" or "blustery". The engine is installed longitudinally, the same configuration used in the Vigor and Inspire. The Rafaga was third in Hondas hierarchy of sedans, and a sister car to the Ascot, which was sold at the "Honda Primo" dealership network. The Rafaga was sold in Japan at "Honda Verno" dealerships, and was one level up from the Honda Integra. As with other Honda products, the Rafaga used double wishbone suspension at the front and rear wheels. The "2.5 S" trim level came with a front suspension upper strut brace in the engine compartment. In Japan, the smaller G20A engine used regular grade fuel, while the larger G25A engine used premium grade fuel.
The Rafaga and the Ascot were introduced to serve as Honda's compact sedan for the Japanese market when the Accord's dimensions grew as a result of demand for the Accord in North America needing a wider car. The wheelbase of the Rafaga was shorter than the slightly longer Inspire and Vigor, which measured at , a difference of , which didn't leave much room for rear seat passengers. Furthermore, due to the lengthwise installation of the five-cylinder engine, and the requirement that the overall length of the car comply with Japanese government regulations concerning cars classified as "compact", compromises were made with regards to rear passenger accommodations, and sales suffered as a result.
The grille is in the shape of an inverted triangle that flowed into the front bumper, and a small Honda "H" logo at the top. The Rafaga also had a long and low front engine compartment due to the placement of the engine, and a short trunk, adding to its aerodynamic ambitions. Under Japanese Government exterior dimension regulations, the Rafaga was a compact sedan, thereby supplanting the previous Honda Accord, which grew in exterior dimensions slightly. This approach thereby redirected compact sedan buyers to "Honda Verno" and "Honda Primo" locations.
The interior came with genuine wood panels provided by Japanese furniture maker Tendo Mokko on the dashboard and center console, with leather available as an option on the "2.5 S". In 1994, dual airbags for front passengers and ABS were available, as well as a glass moonroof.
As the recession began to take hold in Japan, known as the "bubble economy", and demand for the Accord remained strong, the Rafaga and the Ascot were discontinued and replaced with the Honda Torneo in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18938090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938090" title="Kneeling position">
Kneeling position

The kneeling position is a position for rifle shooting. There are no longer international competitions in pure kneeling shooting, but it is included as the last part of 300 metre rifle three positions, 300 metre standard rifle and 50 metre rifle three positions.
It takes a very long time to achieve a high level of performance in the kneeling position, this is partly due to the lack of training done in the position because of it requiring a lot of extra equipment (kneeling roll, additional sling and another set of sights etc.) The position is very uncomfortable when beginning until the shooter has gotten used to it, the main discomfort comes from the right foot which is effectively wedged in between the kneeling roll and the shooter.
In the United Kingdom there is also the problem with the number of ranges being certified to allow three positions shooting. To gain certification ranges must have additional protection on the range, for example additional protection (wood to slow the bullet) around metal lighting surrounds, placed in front of the firing line, in case of a stray bullet ricocheting off and returning up the range towards the firing line.

</doc>
<doc id="18938097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938097" title="Bois-Franc">
Bois-Franc

Bois-Franc is a residential neighbourhood located in the borough of Saint-Laurent in Montreal. It was designed by architect Louis Sauer
Transportation.
Bois-Franc is bordered by four boulevards : Henri Bourassa to the north, Marcel-Laurin to the east Cavendish Ave to the west finally Thimens to the southwest. The Bois Franc train station is relatively close by.
History.
Bois-Franc is built on land sold by Bombardier Aerospace where the former Cartierville airport used to be.

</doc>
<doc id="18938098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18938098" title="Free Republic">
Free Republic

Free Republic is a moderated Internet forum for activists, and chat site for self-described conservatives, primarily within the United States. It presents articles and comments posted pseudonymously by registered members, known as "Freepers", using screen names. The site is supported entirely by donations, with pledge drives known as "Freepathons" held each quarter.
Free Republic has been involved in several organized conservative campaigns including against CBS anchor Dan Rather and against the Dixie Chicks for their antiwar statements. Freepers were instrumental in raising the question of a lack of authenticity in the so-called "Killian memos".
Local chapters and forum policies.
There are local chapters "unconnected with "Free Republic"", organized through ping lists, e-mail, and Free Republic mail. Some are only "ping list" groups, members who include their names in a list to be "pinged" on news articles of a certain nature. Some cover presidential events (daily picture, prayer, and speech threads), some focus on contemporary conservative issues such as the Second Amendment, the pro-life movement, or opposing gay marriage. The more active chapters organize live protests, which they call "Freeps." Since the 2000 election, these are often counter-protests, responses to protests by opposition groups, or small rallies.
History.
1996–2000: Clinton Administration.
Founded in September 1996 as a sole proprietorship by Founder, Chairman and President James C. "Jim" Robinson of Fresno, California, Free Republic opened to the general public in February 1997. Robinson filed for LLC status on September 11, 1998. It has always been a for-profit company and donations have never been tax exempt.
Free Republic gained popularity during the Clinton impeachment from 1997 till 1999, a time when it was linked on the "Drudge Report" as "Whitewater Archives," when protests and write-in campaigns were organized through the website. Many were also introduced to the site through an impeachment rally in Washington, attended by over 3000 participants, called the "March for Justice," broadcast live on Halloween 1998 by C-SPAN. Featured speakers included Alan Keyes, Bob Barr, Reverend Jesse Lee Peterson of B.O.N.D. and Larry Klayman. Ann Coulter, Lucianne Goldberg and Matt Drudge also attended. Other Free Republic events over the years have also been televised by C-SPAN.
Drudge dropped the link to Free Republic by February 1999, "because they were doing racist stuff over the (imaginary) love child... I click on and I see this headline, 'Nigger Baby.'" Drudge quickly restored the link, but later dropped it again for unknown reasons. As of April 2008 the Free Republic link is back on Drudge.
In its early years, Free Republic generally allowed its members to post copyrighted news stories in entirety to its forum, regardless of whether permission had been granted by content owners, until the site was sued in 1998 by "The Washington Post" and "The Los Angeles Times" for copyright infringement. The newspapers obtained a permanent injunction, although stipulated damages of $1 million were reduced to $10,000 during settlement negotiations which allowed the defendants to drop their appeal. The case, often cited when arguing cyberlaw, is called "L.A. Times v. Free Republic".
From 1996-2000, the bulletin board was virtually unmoderated. This policy was central to the website's "fair use" defense in the copyright infringement litigation, wherein it stated "(t)he website operated by the defendants, www.freerepublic.com, permits anyone who wishes to post news articles or other items and to post commentary about the article as well ... no censorship is made and all views are permitted.". This supposed light moderating hand did not prevent the permanent banishment from the site of such "controversial" contributors as crime author Dan E. Moldea, "What Really Happened" website host Mike Rivero, and Internet poet, David Martin.
Salon.com's Jeff Stein observed in 1999 that: "swelling number of haters have turned up the volume of death threats, gay-bashing, name-calling and conspiracy theories tying the father of Republican front-runner George W. Bush to drug-dealing by the CIA." Robinson "famously blasted George W. Bush's presidential candidacy back in 2000, before a dramatic late-campaign about-face that saw him emerge as one of the GOP ticket's biggest supporters." These shifts signalled internal battles comparable to the nomination controversies of 2007 "as its founder and chief administrator first cleansed commenting ranks of Bush supporters, then, later, rallied to his support."
White House Press Secretary and former Fox News commentator Tony Snow was a registered member of Free Republic. Snow was not afraid to 'mix it up' with the Freepers who sometimes disagreed with his political philosophy and who called him a "pansy".
Free Republic had been criticized during the pre-moderation period for the actions of several of its members. In 1999, FReepers ran a campaign to make fake donations to the legal defense fund of Julie Hiatt Steele, who had been charged with obstruction of justice during then-President Bill Clinton's impeachment trial. Hundreds of fraudulent transactions from this campaign cost Ms. Steele around $4000. Some threatened to assassinate Clinton, like this from February 2001: "If he keeps on he's going to make me come up there. There is only one solution to the Klintons, two 45 rounds and a nice little spot in Marcy Park." 
When the bar manager of an Austin, Texas restaurant called 9-1-1 to notify authorities that an underage Jenna Bush had attempted to purchase liquor in June 2001, the bar manager's personal information including her home address, date of birth, driver's license number and physical description was posted on FreeRepublic, along with calls for punitive action. The Clinton threat and some of the bar manager's personal information were removed by Robinson when brought to his attention, and the authors' posting privileges were revoked. He said that the site had had to "delete relatively few posts" over time for violations of its "no-violence" policy despite Free Republic's popularity and ease of registration.
2001-2004: Bush's first term and Killian documents.
In January 2001, the forum organized the inaugural "Free Republic Gala and Count the Silverware Ball". It was attended by radio personality James Golden, who was one of the first high-profile conservatives to invest in the site and the Reverend Jesse Lee Peterson of B.O.N.D.
During the 2004 election, Jerome Corsi, a Swift Boat Vet and co-author of the book "Unfit for Command" that attacked the Vietnam war record of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, apologized in the national media for comments that he made on Free Republic under the user name "jrlc." 
One of the first responses to "Memogate", the controversy surrounding CBS News' use of documents of questionable origin during the 2004 presidential campaign, came on Free Republic the night of the broadcast. When the "Killian memos" (which were allegedly created during the 1970s) were shown during a CBS News broadcast, a Republican lawyer going by the pseudonym of "Buckhead" mentioned the memos' proportional spacing and made the claim that such printing was "not widespread until the mid to late 90's". Buckhead's post and some responses spread across the blogosphere rapidly, and were picked up by the Drudge Report the following afternoon. Within minutes of Buckhead's post, there was some dispute as to whether the Executive line of IBM typewriters had proportionally spaced fonts at the time, arising from a comment on the Power Line blog. The dispute made headlines when an investigative panel set up to examine authenticity issues with the documents "was not able to reach a definitive conclusion". Canadian journalist Ivor Tossell later opined that Free Republic was "central to the network of websites that uncovered the forged memos about Bush's Vietnam service that appeared on CBS News and ultimately cost Dan Rather his job."
MD4Bush Incident.
In October 2004, the "MD4Bush" account was created to investigate the source of false rumors that Democratic Mayor of Baltimore Martin O'Malley had committed adultery. These rumors were suspected to be coming from the camp of Governor of Maryland Robert Ehrlich. O'Malley was a likely (and eventual) opponent of Ehrlich in the 2006 gubernatorial race. Using this alias, MD4Bush allegedly lured Joseph Steffen, aide to Ehrlich, who had a Free Republic membership as "NCPAC," into contact. MD4Bush then allegedly brought up the O'Malley rumors, and baited Steffen into giving responses on the FR "private message" system, appearing to take credit for spreading the rumors.
Ehrlich fired Steffen when the contents of these messages were published in the "Washington Post" on February 9, 2005. "Kristinn Taylor, a spokesman for FreeRepublic.com, said Democratic Party communications director Ryan O'Doherty's Democratic Party address was one of at least three used to operate the identity of MD4BUSH." Taylor charged that "Post" reporter Matthew Mosk's access to the MD4Bush account was a violation of the Free Republic users agreement, and they were "looking into whether the "Washington Post" violated the Electronic Communications Privacy Act when "Post" reporter Matthew Mosk accessed the Free Republic account of MD4Bush."
The e-mail address used in October 2004 to open the MD4Bush account was later changed to rodoherty@mddems.org, then changed for a third time. Anyone who had the password to the MD4Bush account could change the e-mail registration address at any time. It is not known how many people may have had access to that password. The e-mail address information obtained does not shed light on the actual users of the MD4Bush account, nor does it reveal whether someone attached the Ryan O'Doherty e-mail address to the account without his knowledge.
2005-2009: Bush's second term.
In January 2005, Free Republic organized an unofficial Inaugural Ball at the Washington Plaza Hotel to celebrate the reelection of President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney and to honor the men and women serving in the United States Armed Forces. The event was promoted to feature then Arkansas Republican Governor Mike Huckabee and his rock band Capitol Offense.
Dixie Chicks boycott.
The band Dixie Chicks and lead singer Natalie Maines claim that Free Republic was instrumental in fueling a nationwide boycott of their music, which was organized by some former fans and radio stations after Maines made anti-Bush comments in 2003. In their 2006 documentary "Shut Up and Sing" as well as in interviews, the Dixie Chicks have often mentioned Free Republic in reference to the boycott, which sharply reduced sales of their CDs and concert tickets.
Maines was quoted as saying: "It's scary how much power they do have. They can take down someone single-handedly and I don't think Americans are aware of that." "And I think it was originally started by the Free Republic. And they were very organized in calling radio stations across the country and telling them that they would never listen to their station, when they didn't even live in that town." Kristinn Taylor of Free Republic's dominant Washington D.C. chapter attended the screening of the documentary, hosted by the liberal advocacy group Center for American Progress. He was invited to join in a discussion after the screening and complimented the director on the film.
Allegations of unfair treatment of Giuliani supporters and others who digress from popular opinions.
In 2007, moderators removed the posting privileges of many members who supported the presidential campaign of then current Republican front-runner Rudy Giuliani. The "New York Observer" reported:
     Starting in April 2007 ... members sympathetic to the former mayor's candidacy claim to have suffered banishment from the site. They were victimized, they say, by a wave of purges designed to weed out any remaining support for the Giuliani campaign...
Robinson himself endorsed Fred Thompson and was an enthusiastic backer of his campaign. Robinson has frequently banned fellow conservatives and others who don't completely share his political mindset. Among those claiming to have been permanently banned are several participants in the debate over the violent death of Bill Clinton's Deputy White House Counsel, Vince Foster. They include Hugh Turley of FBICover-up.com, David Martin of DCDave.com, and Dan E. Moldea of Moldea.com. During and after the 2008 U.S. Presidential election, according to political commentator Sean Hannity, "veryone I knew basically left because of so much childish, immature personal attacks. The propensity there to eat their own. And a lot of the people -- most of the people -- I knew that were on it left."
Influencing online polls.
Media web sites, including newspapers, television networks, and America Online, run occasional "polls" that do not use the sampling methods of formal opinion polls, but instead invite all Internet users to respond. Some Free Republic forum messages, usually captioned "Freep this poll!", urge Free Republic members to vote "en masse" in these polls, to deliberately skew results and render the polls useless. Members are also urged to "'Freep' C-Span's 'Washington Journal' with telephone calls pointing out media bias."
"Whenever a poll is posted on Free Republic.com, everybody goes and votes the right way, and there's nothing wrong with that," says Marinelle Thompson, Freeper and founder of gun rights group Second Amendment Sisters. "We just do it for a laugh. It doesn't really mean anything." The polls can also be manipulated, said Vlae Kershner, SF Gate News Director (and poll writer): "People are finding a way of getting around our system that only allows one vote, and they're voting hundreds of times. It's not thousands of people voting one way; it's one or two people voting hundreds of times."
2009–: Obama administration.
James von Brunn, the white supremacist who killed a security guard at the Holocaust Museum in Washington, D.C. on June 10, 2009, posted an article on another site questioning the citizenship of President Barack Obama (a view held by so-called "birthers"); the article was then pasted into a thread on Free Republic. The thread was deleted by moderators after the shooting, but later restored when a review found that it had not violated posting guidelines against racism and anti-Semitism.
In July 2009, after Obama's eleven-year-old daughter Malia was photographed wearing a t-shirt with the peace symbol, a Free Republic thread featured racially charged comments about Obama's wife and children, using such terms as "ghetto street trash". After the thread was criticized, it was suppressed and placed under review. It was then restored to the site intact. Only after further criticism did site administrators remove it a second time. In an email response to the incident, Jim Robinson called Obama an "American-hating Marxist pig."
In April 2012, after Rick Santorum's suspension of his presidential campaign left Mitt Romney the presumptive Republican nominee, Robinson posted: "FR will never support the abortionist, homosexualist, socialist, mandate loving, constitution trampling liar Mitt Romney," and indeed, initially, Robinson, the Free Republic site, and many 'Freepers' did not embrace the candidacy of presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney. Robinson posted to the site, "I'd rather shut the place down than be involved in any effort to install abortionist/gay rights pushing RINOS like Romney or Giuliani into the White House!! Do NOT push this crap on FR. Take your business elsewhere!!" However, just nine days before election day 2012, Robinson backtracked, admitting he was voting for Romney and a straight GOP ticket. 

</doc>
