<doc id="18844033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844033" title="Ivan Maslennikov">
Ivan Maslennikov

Ivan Ivanovich Maslennikov (; September 16, 1900, Chalykla, Saratov Oblast - April 16, 1954, Moscow), General of the Army, was a Soviet military and NKVD commander of Army and Front level during World War II. A career Red Army officer, Maslennikov was transferred to NKVD system in 1928, and remained there until the German invasion of 1941, progressing from a counter-guerrilla squadron commander to the chief of NKVD troops. After a mixed career in field troops of World War II and three post-war years, Maslennikov returned to NKVD in 1948 and stayed there, despite political changes, until his suicide in 1954.
Biography.
Civil War and interwar period.
Ivan Maslennikov, born on a remote railroad station in present-day Saratov Oblast, joined the pro-bolshevik Red Guards in 1917, fighting near Astrakhan. He served in the Red Army in southern theaters throughout the Civil War, progressing to commander of cavalry brigade in 1921. During the post-war demobilisation of the army, he accepted the lower role of squadron commander, and in 1928 was transferred from the regular army to NKVD Border Troops on the Central Asian frontier - initially commanding a squadron, later regiment. Maslennikov's units were instrumental in crushing the remaining basmachi warlords - Utan Beck (October 1928 - 1929), Ibrahim Beck (1931), Ahmet Beck (1933).
In 1935 colonel Maslennikov graduated at Frunze Military Academy and for the next two years was stationed with the Border Troops of Azerbaidzhan, then promoted to command Border Troops in Belarus. In February 1939, newly appointed NKVD chief Lavrentiy Beria promoted Maslennikov to the position of Deputy NKVD Commissar for the troops, placing him in control of Soviet Border Troops as well as Internal Troops. According to Sergo Beria, the choice was made on a simple fact that Maslennikov was an experienced combat commander. Exact degree of Maslennikov's affiliation with Beria remains unknown; some modern authors tend to include Maslennikov into Beria's "inner circle" (with Bogdan Kobulov, Vladimir Dekanozov and others) based on circumstantial evidence (like Pavel Sudoplatov's account of his meeting with Beria in October 1939); others (Viktor Suvorov) treat him as a NKVD henchman despite his experience and formal training in the regular army.
Maslennikov's border troops took part in the occupation of Poland in September 1939. In October of the same year, Maslennikov was engaged in the planning of occupation of the Baltic states and in the German-Soviet commission on repatriation from former Poland and Baltic states. According to the German reports, Maslennikov openly admitted that the Soviets "need no wealthy Ukrainians and Byelorussians, only the proletariat"; this, incidentally, led Germans to assume that the Soviets do not care about the Jews at all.
1941-1942: Winter offensive.
In July 1941, when his troops on the western borders were crushed by the German offensive, lieutenant general Maslennikov was placed in command of the 29th Army, manned with NKVD staff and subordinate to Reserve Front HQ and later to Kalinin Front HQ. The move from Moscow offices to HQ in Bologoye occurred between July 4 (the date when Maslennikov approved a "Decree of prisoners of war") and July 6, when, according to future air marshal Sergei Rudenko, he was inspecting the Army's units. Despite the appointment, Maslennikov retained the position of one of nine deputies to NKVD commissar.
The Army first encountered German offensive July 21, falling back from Toropetz area to Rzhev; here it incorporated the remains of dismembered 31st Army. October 12, Germans enveloped the 29th Army, but it managed to break through to the northern bank of Volga. According to Ivan Konev, commander of Kalinin Front in October 1941, Maslennikov used Beria's influence to sabotage Konev's marching orders to 29th Army; Maslennikov's insubordination led to the fall of Tver.
December 5, 1941, Maslennikov's 29th Army opened the offensive phase of Battle of Moscow, striking south-west from German-occupied Tver. 8 days later 29th and 31st armies closed the pocket around the city; it was taken December 16. However in the beginning of the offensive Maslennikov was suddenly relieved of his command and assigned to command the newly formed 39th Army, concentrating in Torzhok area. Post-war Soviet sources give credits for taking Tver to general Vasily Yushkevich, commander of 31st army.
The 39th army lacked armor but was well manned by Soviet standards; its six infantry divisions averaged over 9,000 men each. January 7, 1942 the 39th army became a northern spearhead of the 1941-1942 winter offensive, piercing thin German front line in Torzhok area and proceeding south-west to Rzhev-Sychevka, crushing German 9th Army. 29th and 31st armies, following initial success of the 39th, were responsible for taking Rzhev, enveloping German Army Group Center. However, the Soviet pincers failed while Walter Model managed to restore the German front line. For half a year the 39th army operated deep in the German rear, relying on guerrilla tactics. In February 1942 the Germans destroyed the 29th army; Operation Seydlitz, launched June 30, led to complete isolation and dismemberment of the 39th army. By July 17, the army was reduced to 8,000 men; the next night Maslennikov and his staff, instructed by Stavka, escaped from the pocket in Po-2s. In the following week 3,500 men of 39th Army broke through to main Soviet forces; the rest perished.
1942-1943: Battle of Caucasus.
In the same July 1943, immediately after extraction from Rzhev pocket, Maslennikov reappered in the South, leading a makeshift defence on the path of Evald von Kleist's troops advancing towards the Caucasus. This appointment is usually credited to Beria, himself engaged in the Caucasus (e.g.); recent studies assert that it was actually administered by Georgy Malenkov, operating separately from Beria, at least in the opening period of the battle.
Maslennikov's "Northern Group", in charge of defending Terek Valley and Georgian Military Road soon incorporated the 9th, 37th and 44th armies, however, these armies were severely depleted of manpower and ammunition; when the troops encountered a German offensive in the middle of August, the 417th Rifle Division had only 500 active men. Later they were reinforced with 100 tanks, earmarked for Baku defense, and were the first to receive experimental infrared sights and silenced sniper rifles, however, the manpower shortage persisted into 1943. Consolidation of reserves, supervised personally by Joseph Stalin, enabled Maslennikov to check 1st Panzer Army advance in Terek valley and secure Baku oil.
January 4, 1943, Joseph Stalin changed Maslennikov's "Northern Group" task from counteroffensive action to tying up German troops, hoping that a static warfare would delay German withdrawal from the Caucasus and lead them into envelopement and destruction. Stalin reprimanded Maslennikov and Ivan Petrov (commander of "Black Sea Group") for "not understanding this" and, three days later, for issuing unrealistic offensive orders to depleted troops leading to loss of control and potential envelopement by the Germans. Maslennikov regrouped his forces into a single strike at Armavir. Eventually, Kleist escaped the trap but failed to check Maslennikov's advance. January 22, his troops came in contact with the Southern Front and approached the railroad junction in Tikhoretsk. From this moment, "Northern Group" became an independent "North Caucasus Front", with Maslennikov still in command, charged with a strategic task of cutting Kleist's lifeline in Bataisk. This ultimate goal never materialized: the Germans fiercely defended Bataisk, winning enough time to evacuate Army Group A.
1944: Leningrad and the Baltic states.
Maslennikov's career after the end of Battle of Caucasus (May 1943) was sketchy; in six months he changed four different commands (of Army commander and deputy Front commander level) until finally landing the command of 42nd Army of the Leningrad Front in December 1943; he would serve on the Baltic theater until the end of 1944, mostly in the role of commander of 3rd Baltic Front (under a false name "Mironov").
The first attempt of 42nd and 67th armies to break the German Panther-Wotan line in Leningrad area (February–March 1944) failed; Stavka concentrated the forces for a second attempt under a newly formed 3rd Baltic Front HQ. In April–June 1944 the Front remained static. July 17, the Front launched an all-out attack against the Army Group North, from a concentration area near Pskov Lake to Pskov and further west. After a week of fighting, Germans abandoned Pskov; north from Lake Peipus, Leonid Govorov's troops captured Narva; this operation Maslennikov was promoted to the rank of General of the Army. August 10, Maslennikov's troops broke through the Marienburg Line, taking Võru on August 13. Before Valga and Tartu, the front was stopped again. It began concentrating forces to sever German forces in Latvia from their mainland. August 24 Count von Strachwitz's tank group attempted a counterstrike which failed; next day, Maslennikov's forces captured Tartu. September 15 the front launched an offensive towards Riga which, if successful, could isolate Army Group North. However, German resistance delayed capture of Riga until October 15; German 18th Army escaped the envelopment. The next day HQ of 3rd Baltic Front, now redundant, was dissolved.
1945: Manchuria.
Maslennikov's role in the Manchurian operation remains scarcely researched. Officially, he was the first deputy to Alexander Vasilevsky, commander-in-chief of Far Eastern forces; the operation earned Maslennikov the Star of Hero of Soviet Union. However, Vasilevsky memoirs on Manchurian operation don't even mention Maslennikov's name (unlike his account of 1944 events); to add to confusion, his namesake general Fyodor Maslennikov was also engaged in the operation as Chief of Staff, 1st Red Banner Army.
Personal accounts.
Future Soviet Air Forces chief Konstantin Vershinin described Maslennikov's personal style of this period as "tough, sometimes ruthless". Lieutenant-general Bychevsky described Maslennikov in 1944 as a nervous, intolerant, gloomy character making unorthodox and unsound decisions.
General Konkov, his subordinate in Rzhev pocket of 1941-1942, gives an opposite account: "I felt sympathy for him at first sight. Lean, of less than average height, he maintained an even attitude to the men around him. Now imagine what it was like in those days with enemy left, right and behind, keen on crushing us."
According to Sergo Beria, Georgy Zhukov detested Maslennikov as a "guerrilla, not an Army commander" and appealed, in vain, to Lavrentiy Beria to remove his protege. However, his actual guerrilla and counter-guerrilla experience of 1930s were an essential skill in the Caucasus.
Joseph Stalin himself in July 1944 made a curious remark, concerned that Maslennikov can fail his part in Operation Bagration: "Maslennikov is a young commander with a young staff and insufficient experience. He needs <reinforcement by> experienced gunners and pilots." - a surprise statement given Stalin's personal involvement with Maslennikov's operations in 1941 and 1942.
Post-war career.
For the three years following World War II Maslennikov remained in the Army, as the deputy commander of Far Eastern forces and the commander of Baku and Transcaucasian military districts. In June 1948 Maslennikov was called back into NKVD system, then renamed MGB, and assumed his pre-war position of deputy MGB minister, commander of MGB troops. His exact function and scope of responsibilities varied during numerous reorganizations of the NKVD-MGB-MVD system; in February 1951, for example, his role was reduced to convoy troops only; the new MVD never again concentrated as many troops in a single command as it was in 1939.
Maslennikov retained his position after the arrest of Lavrentiy Beria (June 1953) and summary executions of Beria and his key associates (December 1953). Alexander Solzhenitsyn mentions a "general Maslennikov" taking part in the appeasement of Vorkuta uprising (July 1953) that soon turned into mass shooting of rioting inmates.
However, in April 1954 he committed suicide, most likely fearing repressions for his long-term affiliation with Beria and NKVD in general. According to Pavel Sudoplatov, who witnessed shattered Maslennikov in July 1953, Maslennikov has been subject to a lengthy interrogation about a non-existent Beria's plan to take over absolute power using Maslennikov's troops. His suicide nearly a year later was a shock even for seasoned operatives like Sudoplatov, then incarcerated himself.
Maslennikov was never formally indicted (alive or posthumously) for any wrongdoing. While his name appeared frequently in Soviet books on World War II (seldom mentioning his NKVD past), he never became subject of a thoroughly researched biography.

</doc>
<doc id="18844035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844035" title="Venom Energy">
Venom Energy

Venom Energy is an energy drink brand produced and distributed by Dr Pepper Snapple Group of Plano, Texas. It is one of the few energy drinks that uses a thick aluminum bottle. Venom Energy was released in 2002 in a more typical beverage container and was relaunched in the new aluminum bottle and with a new taste in early 2008.
In 2008, Venom Energy entered into a partnership with the Arena Football League to promote the product during the 2008 playoffs on ESPN and ABC. In addition, Cincinnati Bengals wide receiver Terrell Owens is now a spokesman for the brand. The company also sponsors the Andretti Autosport IndyCar Series team with driver Marco Andretti, Pavel Datsyuk of the Detroit Red Wings, Max Talbot of the Pittsburgh Penguins and Milan Lucic of the Boston Bruins, all from the NHL as well as Jordan Farmar of the New Jersey Nets (NBA) and Lance Berkman of the St. Louis Cardinals (MLB).
Ingredients.
Venom Energy contains large doses of taurine, glucuronolactone, and guarana, with L-carnitine, inositol and maltodextrin as additional ingredients. The caffeine content of Venom energy drinks is roughly 162 mg per bottle, or approximately equal to that found in eight ounces of plain Starbucks coffee. 
Venom was historically bottled in half-liter aluminum bottles (16.9 fluid ounces). In 2012, Venom downsized the bottles to 16 fluid ounces, the standard size of most other energy drink single-serve cans.

</doc>
<doc id="18844051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844051" title="Synthetic genetic array">
Synthetic genetic array

Synthetic Genetic Array analysis (SGA) is a high-throughput technique for exploring synthetic lethal and synthetic sick genetic interactions (SSL). SGA allows for the systematic construction of double mutants using a combination of recombinant genetic techniques, mating and selection steps. Using SGA methodology a query gene deletion mutant can be crossed to an entire genome deletion set to identify any SSL interactions, yielding functional information of the query gene and the genes it interacts with. A large-scale application of SGA in which ~130 query genes were crossed to the set of ~5000 viable deletion mutants in yeast revealed a genetic network containing ~1000 genes and ~4000 SSL interactions. The results of this study showed that genes with similar function tend to interact with one another and genes with similar patterns of genetic interactions often encode products that tend to work in the same pathway or complex. Synthetic Genetic Array analysis was initially developed using the model organism "S.cerevisiae". This method has since been extended to cover 30% of the "S. cerevisiae" genome. Methodology has since been developed to allow SGA analysis in "S.pombe" and "E.coli". 
Background.
Synthetic Genetic Array analysis was initially developed by Tong et al. in 2001 and has since been used by many groups working in a wide range of biomedical fields. SGA utilizes the entire genome yeast knock-out set created by the yeast genome deletion project.
Procedure.
Synthetic Genetic Array analysis is generally conducted using colony arrays on petriplates at standard densities (96, 384, 768, 1536). To perform a SGA analysis in "S.cerevisae", the query gene deletion is crossed systematically with a deletion mutant array (DMA) containing every viable knockout ORF of the yeast genome (currently 4786 strains). The resulting diploids are then sporulated by transferring to a media containing reduced nitrogen. The haploid progeny are then put through a series of selection platings and incubations to select for double mutants. The double mutants are screened for SSL interactions visually or using imaging software by assessing the size of the resulting colonies. 
Robotics.
Due to the large number of precise replication steps in SGA analysis, robots are widely used to perform the colony manipulations. There are a few systems specifically designed for SGA analysis, which greatly decrease the time to analyse a query gene. Generally these have a series of pins which are used to transfer cells to and from plates, with one system utilizing disposable pads of pins to eliminate washing cycles. Computer programs can be used to analyze the colony sizes from images of the plates thus automating the SGA scoring and chemical-genetics profiling.

</doc>
<doc id="18844061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844061" title="1997 BellSouth Open">
1997 BellSouth Open

The 1997 BellSouth Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the ASB Tennis Centre in Auckland in New Zealand and was part of the World Series of the 1997 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from January 6 through January 12, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18844072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844072" title="Synthetic lethality">
Synthetic lethality

Synthetic lethality arises when a combination of mutations in two or more genes leads to cell death, whereas a mutation in only one of these genes does not, and by itself is said to be viable In a synthetic lethal genetic screen, it is necessary to begin with a mutation that does not kill the cell, although may confer a phenotype (for example, slow growth), and then systematically test other mutations at additional loci to determine which confer lethality. 
The importance of synthetic lethality as a type of genetic screen is reflected in the tendency of organisms to maintain buffering schemes that allows phenotypic stability despite genetic variation, environmental changes and random events such as mutations. Synthetic lethality can help identify these buffering relationships, and what type of disease or malfunction that may occur when these relationships break down, through the identification of gene interactions that function in either the same biochemical process or pathways that appear to be unrelated. By exploring these relationships, a synthetic lethal screen may help illuminate questions about how cellular processes work when the protein products expressed by two different genes have an effect together but not separately. 
Synthetic lethality may be explored in a variety of model organisms, including "Drosophila melanogaster" and "Saccharomyces cerevisiae". Since synthetic lethal mutations are inherently inviable, common approaches are to employ temperature sensitive mutations or put mutations under the control of a regulated promoter to allow exploration of the phenotype without leading to death.
A synthetic lethal approach to cancer therapy is currently being explored as a means to developed targeted therapies to reduce off-target effects in chemotherapies and chemopreventative drugs. These typically target tumour suppressor genes.

</doc>
<doc id="18844089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844089" title="Trans Karoo Express">
Trans Karoo Express

The Trans Karoo Express, or simply Trans Karoo, was a South African express passenger train service which travelled an approximately journey between Johannesburg and Cape Town. It operated daily in each direction, meaning that there were in fact two "Trans Karoos" - they passed each other during the night, heading in opposite directions. The service was operated by Spoornet, the national railway company.
The "Trans Karoo" was named from the Great Karoo scrubland, one of the most extensive geographical features of southern Africa, across which the train operated. The route was identical to that operated by the "Blue Train". However, the "Blue Train" is an exclusively 1st-class luxury service, on which a considerable premium is payable. The "Trans Karoo" conveyed 3rd class, 2nd class, and 'ordinary' 1st class passengers. Those travelling 1st class on the "Trans Karoo" had private sleeping compartments (converted to seating accommodation during the day) with washing facilities, plus shared showers and lavatories in each carriage. There was also a dining and bar car on the train, where meals could be taken in comfort. 2nd class consisted of couchette coaches, and 3rd class of simple upright seating.
The service is now incorporated into the Shosholoza Meyl network of operations, a sub-division of the national passenger train operator, the Passenger Rail Agency of South Africa. Although the title of "Trans Karoo" has officially ended, it is still used colloquially to refer to the Johannesburg to Cape Town section of Shosholoza Meyl operations, where the trains still operate exactly the same route as the old "Trans Karoo", and to the same timetable. Shosholoza Meyl has introduced new modern railway coaches, although these have attracted criticism from tourists for their small windows and resulting limited views.

</doc>
<doc id="18844117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844117" title="Russian oven">
Russian oven

A Russian oven or Russian stove () is a unique type of masonry stove that first appeared in the 15th century. It is used both for cooking and domestic heating. The Russian oven burns firewood or wood manufacturing waste.
Various types of firewood can be used, for example birch or pine. Aspen is the least efficient for heating a Russian oven because the amount needed is twice that of other woods.
Construction.
A Russian oven is designed to retain heat for long periods of time. This is achieved by channeling the smoke and hot air produced by combustion through a complex labyrinth of passages, warming the bricks from which the oven is constructed.
A brick flue () in the attic, sometimes with a chamber for smoking food, is required to slow down the cooling of the oven.
Uses.
Besides its use for domestic heating, in winter people may sleep on top of the oven to keep warm. The oven is also used for cooking, for example, to bake pancakes or pies. The porridge or the pancakes prepared in such an oven may differ in taste from the same meal prepared on a modern stove or range. The process of cooking in the Russian oven can be called "languor" — holding dishes for a long period of time at a steady temperature. Foods that are believed to acquire a distinctive character from being prepared in a Russian oven include baked milk, pearl barley, mushrooms cooked in sour cream, or even a simple potato. Bread is put in and taken out from the oven using a special wooden paddle on a long shank. Cast iron pots with soup or milk are taken out with a two-pronged metal stick.
As well as warming and cooking, the Russian oven can be used for washing. A grown man can easily fit inside, and during World War II some people escaped the Nazis by hiding in ovens. In Ancient Russia the oven was used to treat winter diseases by warming the sick person's body inside it.
Design.
The Russian oven is usually in the centre of the log hut (izba). The builders of Russian ovens are referred to as 'stovemakers' (pechniki). Good stovemakers always had a high status among the population. A badly built Russian oven may be very difficult to repair, bake unevenly, smoke, or retain heat poorly.
There are many designs for the Russian oven. For example there is a variant with two hearths (one of the hearths is used mainly for fast cooking, the other mainly for heating in winter).
In Russian culture.
The Russian oven was a major element of Russian life and consequently it often appears in folklore, in particular in Russian fairy tales. The legendary hero Ilya Muromets was able to walk after 33 years of incapacity after being laid on a Russian oven. Emelya, according to the legend, was so reluctant to leave it that he simply flew and rode on it. Baba Yaga according to the legend baked lost children in her oven. Often in those fairy tales the oven received human characteristics. For example in "The Magic Swan Geese" a girl meets a Russian oven, and asks it for directions. The oven offers the girl rye buns, and subsequently, on the girl's return, hides her from the swan geese.

</doc>
<doc id="18844121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844121" title="Stainland">
Stainland

Stainland is a village in Calderdale, West Yorkshire, England, some south of Halifax, north-west of Huddersfield and west of Elland.
History.
Early routes and tracks followed high ground to avoid the marshy and wooded valley bottoms and it was on one such high level packhorse route that Stainland developed. The Stainland Cross remains as evidence of man's activity there in the medieval times. An economy based principally on wool and textile production led Stainland to develop as a hilltop village in much the same way as Sowerby and Heptonstall. With the industrial revolution, mills developed in the neighbouring valleys to take advantage of water power; however Stainland continued to act as a focus for the area. The village continued to thrive and a number of notable buildings were added to the street scene. With the decline in its agricultural and industrial function, Stainland is now less self-contained than it was and the proximity of the M62 has led to the development of a new residential role, housing people who work in the neighbouring towns. This, in turn, is leading to new pressures for change in the fabric of the village.
The name Stainland derives from Old norse meaning "Stony land", so it's unsurprising to learn that the land around Stainland isn't very fertile.
The village appears in the Domesday book as "Stanland".
Geography.
Stainland is situated between Holywell Green and Sowood and occupies a hilltop position at about on a spur which projects from the higher land of Pole Moor and Outlane to the south. The main road through the village is Stainland Road, the B6112.
Due to its altitude and remote location, places visible are (clockwise from north): King Cross, Savile Park, Halifax, Southowram, Siddal, Greetland, Elland Wood, Blackley, Ainley Top, Jagger Green, Thunnerley Wood, Old Lindley Moor, Outlane, parts of Sowood, Scammonden, Krumlin, Barkisland, Norland Moor and Norland. On a clear day, Ovenden, Queensbury, Saddleworth Moor and even Wyke are visible.
Stainland is essentially linear: all the principal buildings face the main road which forms a central spine. There is not generally a building line to which development can conform and the road narrows at 'pinch points' where the buildings are closer. This leads to an unfolding series of vistas as one travels through the village. Much of the lesser domestic buildings has developed on minor lanes at right angles to the road and these dense clusters of houses provide areas of enclosure with occasional dramatic glimpses across open countryside. The architecture of Stainland, using local materials, represents all phases of the village's history.
Stainland is a conservation area, which was designated on 30 November 1982.
Holywell Green.
Holywell Green, at the eastern side of Stainland, is often wrongly referred to as the main settlement. The boundary between Stainland and Holywell Green is , between West View and Bradley View.
Landmarks.
Stainland Cross.
On the roadside across from St. Andrew's Church lies the Stainland Cross. It represents a saltire carved on a block of stone. The block is scooped out in the form of a cup but the cover that was formerly attached to it has been removed. The column is circular and plain without any of that rich, strange sculpture or scroll ornament which antiquarians generally attribute to Saxon or Danish sculptures. Its height from the base to the top of the sculpture is about , the column doesn't exceed . Neither history nor tradition have preserved the date or purpose of its construction.
Stainland Mechanics' Institute.
Stainland Mechanics' Institute was built by the Shaw family in 1883 by public description, "to improve the moral, social and intellectual habits of the inhabitants". The building was opened by the Mayor of Leeds on 7 June 1884. Over the years it suffered as income declined. By 1952, the trustees decided to sell the building but offered it to Elland UDC. In 1954, a Community Centre was formed by the Trustees. In 1967 it was taken over by Elland UDC. Some maintenance was undertaken but by 1974, when Calderdale MBC became the owners, it needed repairs. In 1977, the council demolished the twin towers at the entrance. Several surveys were carried out but £500,000 was required to bring it up to standard. A committee tried to raise this money but was not successful and the centre closed on 18 December 2009. The building was signed back to the council and declared surplus to requirements. In January 2011, councillors voted to sell the building as the cost to bring the building up to standard is too much.
St. Helen's Well.
St. Helen’s Well at the eastern end of the village is mentioned in John Watson's monumental "The History and Antiquities of the Parish of Halifax", 1775. He gives no description but says a Roman Catholic chapel dedicated to St Helen, nearby had been converted into a cottage, but in its walls was a large stone known locally as 'the Cross'. Strangers, presumed to be Catholics, made pilgrimages to the well. Watson also possessed a deed which mentioned a grant made to "Henry de Sacro Fonte de Staynland". dated between 1279 and 1324. The well was restored in 1843 in response to interest in drinking 'spa' water. The 'Halifax Guardian' for September 1842 described the scene around Well Head spa where crowds carrying drinking utensils jostled each other in their eagerness to take the waters. Well Head was the most popular of the Halifax spas but several other springs in the area were frequented. Similar scenes may have occurred around Stainland’s well. In the late 19th century the well was declining. The stone trough had cracked and was leaking. Local placenames reflect the importance of the well. The eastern end of the village is known as Holywell Green, there is a pub called 'The Holywell Inn' and a 'St Helen’s Court'. The well was further restored in 1977 and the crumbling trough of the woodcut has been replaced by a solid modern one, no water flows into it. 
Carr Hall Castle.
Carr Hall Castle, located on the edge of Thunnerley Wood in the Holywell Brook valley, was built in the mid nineteenth century by the Shaw family, local mill owners, to improve the view from their mansion at Shaw Park. It provided a stable block and housing for the bailiff who bred the shire horses for Brookroyd Mills. The building has been restored and modernised since 2002. In 2008 the castle won Channel Five's TV show "I Own Britain's Best Home", and it is now available for hire.
Religion.
St. Andrew's C of E Church in the centre of the village was built c.1755 as a chapel for Stainland, Holywell Green and Sowood. The church tower is visible from Norland and Blackley.
Stainland had three other chapels, Stainland Providence Chapel, Stainland Wesleyan Chapel and a mortuary chapel. The mortuary chapel was next to a graveyard that served the Providence Chapel. All three graveyards remain but only the Providence Chapel remains and was converted into nine houses. The mortuary chapel was demolished after the Providence Chapel became houses. The Wesleyan Chapel was demolished to make way for houses.
Community.
Pubs and restaurants.
Stainland has many public houses and restaurants, one of which, '1885 The Restaurant', was awarded Yorkshire Life Neighbourhood Restaurant of the Year 2005–06, Highlife Magazine Fine Dining Restaurant of West Yorkshire 2003–04 and nominated for Yorkshire Life Newcomer Restaurant of the Year 2003–04. Other pubs include The Duke of York, The Red Lion and The Rose and Crown. The Bull and Dog (also known as The Stone Ridge) closed in 2008. The Black Horse Inn was demolished and replaced by a garage and more recently housing.
Sport.
Stainland has five sports clubs; Stainland United FC, Stainland Stags ARLFC, Stainland CC, Stainland Lions Running Club and Stainland Bowling Club. All are based at Stainland Recreation Ground except for Stainland Lions who are based at Heath RUFC, Greetland.
Stainland Recreation Ground ("Stainland Rec" or "the Rec") lies west of the village centre and has two football pitches, a rugby pitch, a cricket ground, a bowling green, a tennis court, a five-a-side pitch, and a playground.
Stainland United FC play in the Halifax and District League First Division. The club was formed in 1947 as Stainland Athletic and changed its name to Stainland United in 1980. In 1992 the club folded but reformed in 1997 and won the Halifax Premier Division in the 2006-07 season.
Stainland Stags ARLFC play in the Pennine League Second Division.
Stainland Cricket Club and Stainland Bowling Club share a pavilion at Stainland Recreational Ground. The pavilion was built in 2001 after the previous pavilion burnt down. The ground is called the Memorial Ground after it was given as a post-war gift in 1922. It is one of the biggest in the Halifax League. The played at Drury Lane for 40 years. Stainland CC play in the Towergate Halifax Cricket League Second Division. Stainland won the Second Division title in 1979 and 2002.
Education.
Stainland is home to one schools. 'Bowling Green Primary School' is a primary school for children between 4 - 11 located on Bowling Green Road.

</doc>
<doc id="18844134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844134" title="1998 Heineken Open">
1998 Heineken Open

The 1998 Heineken Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Auckland, New Zealand that was part of the International Series of the 1998 ATP Tour. The tournament was held from January 12 through January 18, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18844139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844139" title="Tamura Kuniyoshi">
Tamura Kuniyoshi

Viscount (July 7, 1852 – February 26, 1887) was a Japanese daimyo of the late Edo period, who ruled the Ichinoseki Domain. Under his leadership, the domain took part in the Boshin War of 1868-69, as part of the Ōuetsu Reppan Dōmei.

</doc>
<doc id="18844141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844141" title="Danny Evans">
Danny Evans

Daniel Evans (born 24 July 1987, Hartlepool, Cleveland) is an English cricketer.
Danny Evans is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who has represented Middlesex since 2007. A graduate of the Durham cricket Academy who represented the England Under-19 XI in 2006.
He has taken 32 wickets in thirteen first-class matches with a personal best of six wickets for 35 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="18844176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844176" title="Jue Wang">
Jue Wang

Jue Wang (born 5 March 1984, Shanghai) is a Chinese pianist. 
Entirely trained in his homeland, Wang has met much success in the Spanish piano competitions, being awarded 1st prizes both in Barcelona's 51st Maria Canals and Santander' 16th Paloma O'Shea competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="18844184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844184" title="Institut d'électronique de microélectronique et de nanotechnologie">
Institut d'électronique de microélectronique et de nanotechnologie

The Institute of Electronics, Microelectronics and Nanotechnology or IEMN ("Institut d'électronique de microélectronique et de nanotechnologie" in French) is a research institute of the Université Lille Nord de France (UMR CNRS 8520). 
IEMN research activities.
The main research focus are in six major scientific areas :
With 200 permanent researchers and 100 doctoral students for a total staff of more than 500, IEMN focuses on the following research area : physics of matter, nanostructures, microsystems and microtechnologies, microwave components and microelectronic circuits, RF and microwave circuits, digital communications, optoelectronics and photonic circuits, acoustic and ultrasonic sensors, microwave instrumentation.

</doc>
<doc id="18844191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844191" title="Consular diptych">
Consular diptych

In Late Antiquity, a consular diptych was a type of diptych which could function as a writing tablet but which was also intended as a deluxe commemorative object. The diptych is a pair of linked panels, generally in ivory, wood or metal and decorated with rich relief sculpture. A consular diptych was commissioned by a "consul ordinarius" to mark his entry to that post, and was distributed as a commemorative reward to those who had supported his candidature.
History.
The chronology of such diptychs is clearly defined, with their beginnings marked by a decision by Theodosius I in 384 to reserve their use to consuls alone, except by an extraordinary Imperial dispensation, and their end marked by the consulship's disappearance under the reign of Justinian in 541. Even so, great aristocrats and Imperial civil-servants bypassed Theodosius's ban and produced diptychs to celebrate less important posts than the consulship – Quintus Aurelius Symmachus, for example, distributed some to commemorate his son's quaestorian then praetorian games in 393 and 401 respectively.
The oldest diptych that can properly be called a consular diptych, held in the cathedral treasury at Aosta, is one commissioned by Anicius Petronius Probus, consul in the Western Empire in 406 – it is unique not only for its extreme antiquity but also as the only one to bear the portrait of the Emperor (Honorius in this instance, to whom the diptych is dedicated in an inscription full of humility, with Probus calling himself the emperor's "" or slave) rather than that of the consul.
Later, consular diptychs systematically carried either a more or less elaborate portrait of the consul on the most richly decorated examples or a dedicatory inscription to him within a geometric and vegetal scheme on the simpler examples. The simpler examples were probably produced as a series from models prepared in advance, with the more sophisticated (and thus more expensive) diptychs reserved for the inner circle of the Roman aristocracy. The workshops responsible for their production were to be found in the Empire's two capitals at Rome and Constantinople, but the fall of the Western Empire in 476 was probably responsible for the disappearance of western production at the end of the 5th century, with all surviving consular diptychs from the 6th century originating from Constantinople. The most common motif on 6th century consular diptychs from Constantinople shows the consul, standing, presiding over the consular games which marked his entry to the consulship.
By their very nature, consular diptychs are a valuable tool for the prosopography of the late Roman Empire as well as for the study of the art of this period. Large numbers of them have survived to the present day, in many cases due to their re-use as book covers for medieval ecclesiastical manuscripts. Some were also used in churches as grand bindings for lists of bishops and similar records. The Barberini Ivory is a much rarer Imperial diptych, probably of Justinian.
Gallery.
In chronological order of production (some shown with a single surviving panel):

</doc>
<doc id="18844205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844205" title="The Skabilly Rebels">
The Skabilly Rebels

The Skabilly Rebels are an English band formed in 2003 by Roddy Radiation, formerly of The Specials and Sam Smith, who had previously worked together in rockabilly band The Bonediggers. The band is based in Coventry, England. Their songs, all written by Radiation, are a hybrid of ska and rockabilly music styles.
They released their debut album "Blues Attack" in 2009 and toured the United States in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18844209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844209" title="1999 Heineken Open">
1999 Heineken Open

The 1999 Heineken Open was a men's ATP tennis tournament held in Auckland, New Zealand. The tournament was held from January 11 to January 18.

</doc>
<doc id="18844232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844232" title="Český Radioklub">
Český Radioklub

The Český Radioklub (CRK) (in English, Czech Radio Club) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in the Czech Republic. The organization claims to have 2,750 members of which approximately 200 are shortwave listening enthusiasts. Key membership benefits of the CRK include the sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards, radio contests, and a QSL bureau for all radio amateurs in the Czech Republic. CRK offers classes for those interested in earning a Czech amateur radio license. CRK represents the interests of Czech amateur radio operators before Czech Republic and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. The CRK also supports local competitions in Amateur Radio Direction Finding as well as a national team that travels to regional and world championship events. CRK is the national member society representing the Czech Republic in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18844250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844250" title="All Tomorrow's Parties Festival lineups">
All Tomorrow's Parties Festival lineups

This page lists past lineups for all past UK and US All Tomorrow's Parties music festivals, as well as other festivals the ATP organisation has been involved with such as the Pitchfork Music Festival and Primavera Sound. Unlike most music festivals, ATP lineups are chosen by a curator, usually an artist or musician.
ATP UK Event History.
UK 2000 - curated by Mogwai.
7-8-9/4/2000. Lineup:
...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead, Alfie, Aphex Twin, Arab Strap, Bardo Pond, Bobby Gillespie's Hair, Clinic, Ganger, Godspeed You! Black Emperor, Gorky's Zygotic Mynci, Hood, Labradford + Pan American, Laika, Ligament, Mice Parade, Mogwai, Motor Life Co., Pan American, Plaid, Plone, Pram, Radar Bros., Scott 4, Shellac, Sigur Rós, Snow Patrol, Sonic Youth, Sophia, Stereolab, Super Furry Animals, Tarwater, Ten Benson, The Delgados, The For Carnation, The High Llamas, Two Dollar Guitar, Wire
UK 2001 - curated by Tortoise.
6-7-8/4/2001. Lineup:
Atmosphere, Autechre, Boards of Canada, Broadcast, Calexico (band), Cannibal Ox, Derek Bailey, DJ Fred Ones, El-P + Murs, Fred Anderson Trio, Lambchop, Mike Ladd, Mira Calix, Mr. Lif, Neil Hamburger, Prefuse 73, Radian, Rick Rizzo and Tara Key, Russell Haswell, Sun Ra Arkestra, Television, The Eternals, The Ex, The Sea and Cake, Tony Allens Afro Beat, Tortoise, U.S. Maple, Yo La Tengo
UK 2002 - curated by Shellac.
19-20-21 & 26-27-28/4/2002. Lineup:
Arcwelder, Blonde Redhead, Bonnie 'Prince' Billy, Brick Layer Cake, Cheap Trick, Consonant, Danielson Famile, David Lovering, Dead Moon, Dianogah, Do Make Say Think/Godspeed You! Black Emperor (joint set), Flour, High Dependency Unit, Lonesome Organist, Low, Mark Robinson, Melt-Banana, Mission of Burma, Nina Nastasia, OXES, Plush, P.W. Long, Rachel's, Robbie Fulks, Shannon Wright, Shellac, Shipping News, Silkworm, Smog, The Breeders, The Ex Orkest, The Fall, The New Year, The Upper Crust, Three Second Kiss, Threnody Ensemble, Versus, Wire, Zeni Geva
UK 2003 - curated by Autechre.
4-5-6/4/2003. Lineup:
A Guy Called Gerald, Andrea Parker, Anthony 'Shake' Shakir, Aphex Twin, Baby Ford, Bernard Parmegiani, Coil, Curtis Roads, Disjecta, Drexciyan DJ Stingray, Earth (cancelled), El-P + Murs, farmersmanual, G-Man, Hecker, Jim O'Rourke, Kool Keith, KutMasta Kurt, LFO, Mark Broom, Mira Calix, Ned Beckett, O.S.T., Pita, Public Enemy, Req, Russell Haswell, Sluta Leta, SND, Sonic Sum, Stasis, Strictly Kev, Sunn O))), Surgeon, The Fall, The Magic Band, Thirstin Howl III, Venetian Snares, Yasunao Tone + Hecker, Zoviet France, Skam Records Room: Alder and Elius, Bola, DJ Woody, Freeform, Gescom, Made, Meam, Mike Williamson, Mr 76IX, N M B Allstars, North Manchester Bedroom Allstars, Push Button Objects, Quinoline Yellow, Skam DJ's, Tatamax, Team Doyobi, Wevie Stonder, ZK
UK 2004 The Director's Cut Weekend One - curated by Mogwai/Tortoise/Shellac.
26-27-28/3/2004. Lineup:
A Whisper in the Noise, Acid Mothers Temple, Arcwelder, Atombombpocketknife, Azita, Bobby Conn, Boredoms, Botnleðja, Cat Power, Cex, Converge, Dead Meadow, Entrance, Envy, French Toast, Growing, Isis, James Orr Complex, Kid606, Lightning Bolt, Luke Haines (cancelled), Lungfish, mclusky, Mike Watt + The Jom and Terry Show, Mike Watt and the Secondmen, Mogwai, Nobukazu Takemura + Aki Tsuyuko, Papa M, Part Chimp, Phillip Roebuck, Prefuse 73, Shellac, Sonic Boom, Stinking Lizaveta, Sun City Girls, Supersilent, The Dishes, The Seconds, Todd, Tortoise, Trans Am, Turbonegro, Uzeda
UK 2004 The Director's Cut Weekend Two - curated by Stephen Malkmus and the Jicks/Sonic Youth/ATP.
2-3-4/4/2004. Lineup:
Angelblood, Arab Strap, Bardo Pond, Black Dice, Carla Bozulich Red Headed Stranger Show, Cass McCombs, Cat Power, Charalambides, Deerhoof, Dizzee Rascal, Double Leopards, Dream/Aktion Unit, Ella Guru, Enon, Erase Errata with Anxious Rats, ESG, Explosions in the Sky, Fuck, Fursaxa, Har Mar Superstar, Jackie-O Motherfucker, James Yorkston, LCD Soundsystem, Le Tigre, Lightning Bolt, Love, Miighty Flashlight, Mission of Burma, Modest Mouse, Nina Nastasia, OOIOO, Polmo Polpo/Hangedup, Saccharine Trust, Sonic Youth, Sophia, Stephen Malkmus and the Jicks, The Fiery Furnaces, The Notwist, The Shins, Tindersticks, Threnody Ensemble, Träd Gräs Och Stenar, Vibracathedral Orchestra, Vincent Gallo, White Magic, Wolf Eyes
UK 2004 A Nightmare Before Christmas - curated by Jake and Dinos Chapman.
3-4-5/12/2004. Lineup:
LFO, Lightning Bolt, Peaches, Throbbing Gristle, Mike Watt/George Hurley Minutemen Duet, Shellac, Wolf Eyes, DJ Rob Hall, Freeform, Quinoline Yellow, Skam DJ's + Skam Visuals, Team Doyobi, ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead, Bird Blobs, Mercury Rev, Miss Kittin, Liars, Aphex Twin, Comets on Fire, Growing, Little Wings, Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra & Tra-La-La Band, Hecker, Kevin Drumm, Pita, Russell Haswell, Destroy All Monsters, Hood, Pelican, Sunn O))), The Fall, Violent Femmes, Carl Craig, DJ Cherrystones vs DJ Spykid, N≥E≥D + Tom Pants
UK 2005 Weekend One - curated by Slint.
25-26-27/2/2005. Lineup:
Bad Wizard, Born Heller, Brightblack, Deerhoof, Early Man, Endless Boogie, Faun Fables, King Kong, Love as Laughter, Mark Kozelek (cancelled - replaced by Sons & Daughters), Matmos, Miighty Flashlight, Mogwai, múm, Need New Body, Neil Hamburger, Pearls and Brass, Polar Goldie Cats, Rednails, Sean Garrison and the Five Finger Discount, Slint, Spoon, Staremaster, The Melvins, The Naysayer, White Magic
UK 2005 Weekend Two - curated by Vincent Gallo.
22-23-24/4/2005. Lineup:
Afrirampo, Autolux, Buck 65, Ellen Allien, Gang Gang Dance, I Am Kloot, James Chance and the Contortions, Jayne County, John Foxx, John Frusciante, Kid Koala, Leslie Winer, Lydia Lunch, Magik Markers, Merzbow, Money Mark, Nikolai Haas, The Olivia Tremor Control, Peaches, PJ Harvey (solo), Prefuse 73, Sean Lennon, Suicide, Ted Curson, Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, The Tints, The Zombies, Thread Pulls, Trapist, Vincent Gallo, Vitamin B-12, Women and Children, Yoko Ono + Sean Lennon, Yuka Honda
UK 2005 A Nightmare Before Christmas - curated by The Mars Volta.
2-3-4/12/2005. Lineup:
400 Blows, Acid Mothers Temple, Antony and the Johnsons, Battles, Beans featuring Holy Fuck, Blonde Redhead, The Cinematic Orchestra, CocoRosie, Damo Suzuki + Jelly Planet, Dälek, Diamanda Galás, DJ Nobody, Dudley Perkins, Dungen, The Gris Gris, Hella, High on Fire, Holger Czukay, J-Rocc, Jaga Jazzist, Jai-Alai Savant, JR Ewing, Kill Me Tomorrow, Les Savy Fav, Lydia Lunch, Madlib, Mastodon, Michael Rother, Peanut Butter Wolf, Quintron and Miss Pussycat, Saul Williams, Subtitle, The Eternals, The Fucking Champs, The Kills, The Locust, The Mars Volta, Weird War, Year Future
UK 2006 United Sounds of ATP Weekend One - curated by Mudhoney/Yeah Yeah Yeahs/Devendra Banhart.
12-13-14/5/2006. Lineup:
Vashti Bunyan, Vetiver, Espers, Bat for Lashes, Jana Hunter, The Metallic Falcons, Danielle Stech-Homsy, Bert Jansch, The Watts Prophets, Tarantula AD, Ramblin' Jack Elliott, Jandek, Devendra Banhart, Mudhoney, Comets on Fire, Black Mountain, The Drones, The Scientists, Country Teasers, David Dondero, Jon Wahl & The Amadans, Total Sound Group Direct Action Committee, The Flesh Eaters, Mark Pickerel, Holly Golightly, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Liars, TV on the Radio, Oneida, The Blood Brothers, Celebration, Imaginary Folk, Services, Magik Markers, Ex Models, Hundred Eyes
UK 2006 United Sounds of ATP Weekend Two - curated by Dinosaur Jr./Sleater-Kinney/The Shins.
19-20-21/5/2006. Lineup:
The New Pornographers, The Decemberists, Clinic, Big Business, Triangle, Destroyer, The Black Keys, Dungen, Elf Power, Electrelane, The Shins, Sleater-Kinney, David Cross, Gossip, Spoon, Lightning Bolt, Joanna Newsom, Boredoms, Radar Bros., 1990s, Edith Frost, The Black Heart Procession, The Fiery Furnaces, Dinosaur Jr., Dead Meadow, The Bevis Frond, Broken Social Scene, The Brian Jonestown Massacre, Lilys, Eater, Magik Markers, Herman Dune, Mount Eerie/The Microphones, Mission of Burma, Teenage Fanclub
UK 2006 A Nightmare Before Christmas - curated by Thurston Moore.
8-9-10/12/2006. Lineup:
Iggy & The Stooges, Sonic Youth, Bardo Pond, Six Organs of Admittance, Jackie-O Motherfucker, My Cat Is an Alien, Melvins, Richard Youngs, Charalambides, The Skaters, Magik Markers, Alexander Tucker, Deerhoof, Wooden Wand, Sunburned Hand of the Man, Wolf Eyes, Negative Approach, The Dead C, Monotract, Prurient, Awesome Color, dkt/MC5, Dinosaur Jr., Gang of Four, Be Your Own Pet, Aaron Dilloway, Major Stars, Lambsbread, Hive Mind, Leslie Keffer, The Notekillers, Dead Machines, Family Underground, White Out w/ Nels Cline, Peter Brötzmann and Han Bennink, MV&EE + The Bummer Road, Hair Police, Bark Haze (Thurston Moore, Gown and Pete Nolan), Taurpis Tula, Islaja, The New Blockaders with The Haters, Nurse with Wound, 16 Bitch Pile-Up, Blood Stereo, Flipper, No-Neck Blues Band, Comets on Fire, Fursaxa, Double Leopards, Mouthus, Sun City Girls, Mats Gustafsson + EyE (Boredoms), Ashtray Navigations.
UK 2007 Weekend One - curated by Dirty Three.
27-28-29/4/2007. This event was held at All Tomorrow's Parties second home: Butlin's holiday camp in Minehead, Somerset. Lineup:
Dirty Three, Nick Cave/Grinderman, Félix Lajkó, Bill Callahan (formerly Smog), Low, Papa M, The Drones, Faun Fables, Brokeback, Tara Jane O'Neil, Magnolia Electric Co, Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra & Tra-La-La Band, the Devastations, Josh Pearson, Mick Harvey, Shannon Wright, Conway Savage, Cat Power, Spiritualized Acoustic Mainlines, Mum Smokes, The Small Knives, Joanna Newsom, Yann Tiersen, White Magic, Psarantonis, Ian Wadley, Art of Fighting, Youpi Youpi Yeah, Alan Vega (Solo), Roscoe Mitchell (Art Ensemble of Chicago), Einstürzende Neubauten, Sally Timms (The Mekons), Matana Roberts, Secretary, Ed Kuepper with Jeffrey Wegener, The Scientists, Tren Brothers, We Ragazzi, Digital Primitives, The Only Ones, Joel Silbersher, Nina Nastasia + Jim White, Mary Margaret O'Hara
UK 2007 Weekend Two - curated by ATP/The Fans.
18-19-20/5/2007. For this festival half of the lineup was chosen by ATP, and the other half chosen by votes taken from every fan that paid for a chalet place. Lineup:
Built to Spill, Wilco, Yo La Tengo, Sparklehorse, Les Savy Fav, Akron/Family, The Notwist, Echo & The Bunnymen, Do Make Say Think, Death Vessel, Brightblack Morning Light, Shellac, Micah P. Hinson, Modest Mouse, The Apples in Stereo, The Books, Youthmovie Soundtrack Strategies, Mogwai, Battles, Trans Am, The Thermals, Annuals, Okkervil River, Clinic, The Go! Team, Bat for Lashes, Two Gallants, Daniel Johnston, Architecture in Helsinki, 65daysofstatic, Band of Horses, Grizzly Bear, Edan + MC Dagha, Patti Smith, Ghost, Alexander Tucker, Capricorns, Tall Firs, Current 93, Isis, Cornelius, Slint, Subtitle, Subtle
UK 2007 A Nightmare Before Christmas - curated by Portishead.
7-9/12/2007. Located at Butlins Somerwest World, Minehead. Lineup:
A Hawk and a Hacksaw, Aphex Twin†, Atavist, Autolux, Black Mountain, The Blessing, Blood Island Raiders, Boris, Chrome Hoof, Crippled Black Phoenix, Damo Suzuki, Don Mandarin, Dylan Howe, Earth, Françoiz Breut, Fuck Buttons, Fuzz Against Junk, The Gas Giants, Glenn Branca, Gonga, GZA, The Heads, The Horrors, Jah Shaka Soundsystem, Jerry Sadowitz†, Joe Volk, John Cooper Clarke, John Parish, Jukes, Julian Cope, Kling Klang, Lucky Luke, Madlib, Malakai, Malcolm Middleton, Om, Oneida, Oren Ambarchi, Polar Bear, Portishead†, Rosie Red Rash, Seasick Steve, Silver Apples, Sparklehorse, Sunn O))), Team Brick, Thought Forms, Thurston Moore (solo).
† acts playing two separate nights to satisfy demand
UK 2008 Weekend One - curated by ATP/Pitchfork Media.
9-11/5/2008. This event saw All Tomorrow's Parties return to its original home: Camber Sands holiday camp in East Sussex. First UK performances from Pissed Jeans and Glass Candy. Lineup:
Chosen by ATP: Ween, Sebadoh, Fuck Buttons, Pissed Jeans, Apse, The Black Angels, Shit and Shine, Meat Puppets, Deerhunter, Wooden Shjips, Marissa Nadler, Redd Kross, Even, Black Mountain, Harmonia, Carsick Cars, Howlin' Rain, Born Ruffians, Girls Against Boys, Various Production (DJ set)
Chosen by Pitchfork: Dirty Projectors, of Montreal, Caribou, Man Man, Glass Candy, Los Campesinos!, No Age, Les Savy Fav, Hot Chip, Black Lips, The Hold Steady, Yeasayer, A Place to Bury Strangers, Jens Lekman, The Clientele, Vampire Weekend, Jay Reatard, Times New Viking, Bon Iver, Hot Chip (DJ set)
UK 2008 Weekend Two - curated by Explosions in the Sky.
16-18/5/2008. This event was held at All Tomorrow's Parties second home: Butlin's holiday camp in Minehead, Somerset. Lineup:
Explosions in the Sky, Broken Social Scene, Iron & Wine, Dinosaur Jr., Adem, ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead, Polvo, Animal Collective, A Hawk and a Hacksaw, Eluvium, Ola Podrida, Lazarus, The Paper Chase, Four Tet, Ghostface Killah, Western Keys, Silver Jews, Jens Lekman, Mono, Tony Teardrop, The Drift, The National, Sunset Rubdown, Lichens, Stars of the Lid, Battles, De La Soul, Saul Williams, Raekwon, The Field, Okkervil River, Atlas Sound, The Pale Gallery, The Octopus Project, Constantines, Beach House, World's End Girlfriend, Phosphorescent, Papier Tigre, Envy
UK 2008 A Nightmare Before Christmas - curated by Melvins/Mike Patton.
5-7/12/2008. This event was held at All Tomorrow's Parties second home: Butlin's holiday camp in Minehead, Somerset. Line-up:
Melvins, Isis, Neil Hamburger, Dälek, Big Business, The Black Heart Procession, Torche, Kill Me Tomorrow, J.G. Thirlwell's Manorexia, The Dirtbombs, Mastodon, Butthole Surfers, Fantômas perform "The Director's Cut", The Locust, Zu, Bohren & der Club of Gore, Farmers Market, Squarepusher, Soulsavers featuring Mark Lanegan, White Noise, The Damned, Stockhausen's "Kontakte" w/ Steinberg & Winant, MadLove, Double Negative, Boss Hog, Rahzel, Teenage Jesus and the Jerks, Tweak Bird, Os Mutantes, Meat Puppets, Joe Lally, Mugison, Monotonix, Taraf de Haïdouks, Bernard Parmegiani, Porn, Labeque Sisters, Vocal Sampling, Fennesz, Kool Keith + KutMasta Kurt, Ghostigital, Junior Brown, Martina Topley-Bird, Leila, James Blood Ulmer and Melvins 1983
UK 2009 Weekend One - ATP Vs The Fans 2: The Fans Strike Back!
8-10/05/2009. This event was held at All Tomorrow's Parties second home: Butlin's holiday camp in Minehead, Somerset. Half of the lineup was chosen by ATP and the other half by votes cast by everyone who bought a ticket. For the first round of votes people could not vote for any bands that had ever played a UK ATP Festival before. Line-up:
"Curated by ATP:"
Devo, Grails, Sleep perform "Holy Mountain", selections from "Dopesmoker" and more, Spiritualized, Young Marble Giants perform "Colossal Youth", Antipop Consortium, Sleepy Sun, The Jesus Lizard, The Cave Singers, Retribution Gospel Choir, Health, Shearwater, Pink Mountaintops, The Acorn, Qui, Liam Finn, Hush Arbors, This Will Destroy You, Grouper, Nico Muhly, Sian Alice Group, Grizzly Bear and Edan (DJ).
"Curated by The Fans:"
Killing Joke, Beirut, Electric Wizard, M83, Marnie Stern, Future of the Left, Errors, Parts & Labor, Jeffrey Lewis, The Mae Shi, School of Seven Bells, Harvey Milk, Jesu, Casiotone for the Painfully Alone, Lords, !!!, Fuck Buttons and Andrew W.K.
"Curated by Lydia Lunch - Spoken Word Stage:"
Lydia Lunch, Martyn Waites, Jake Arnott, Cathi Unsworth, John Tottenham, Bibbe Hansen
UK 2009 Weekend Two - curated by The Breeders.
15-17/05/2009. This event was held at All Tomorrow's Parties second home: Butlin's holiday camp in Minehead, Somerset. Line-up:
The Breeders, Throwing Muses, Bon Iver, Holy Fuck, Teenage Fanclub, Kimya Dawson, Pit Er Pat, Deerhunter, Gang of Four, Shellac (House band), Foals, Zach Hill, The Soft Pack (formerly The Muslims), The Holloys, Styrofoam, CSS, Supersuckers, Yann Tiersen, X, The Whispertown 2000, Tricky, Mr. Lif, J-Zone, Blood Red Shoes, Melt-Banana, Giant Sand, Th' Faith Healers, Madlib & J-Rocc, Heartless Bastards, Wire, Times New Viking, The Bronx, Mariachi El Bronx and The Frogs, Distortion Felix, Buffalo Killers, Dianogah, Tune-Yards and Scarlett Thomas.
UK 2009 Nightmare Before Christmas - curated by My Bloody Valentine.
04-06/12/2009. This event was held at Butlin's holiday camp in Minehead, Somerset. Line-up:
My Bloody Valentine, Sonic Youth, De La Soul, EPMD, Sun Ra Arkestra, The Horrors, Buzzcocks, Spectrum, Fucked Up, Le Volume Courbe, Wounded Knees, The Pastels, Witch, Lilys, A Place to Bury Strangers, J Mascis + The Fog, Bob Mould, Swervedriver, Dirty Three, Primal Scream, Serena Maneesh, Yo La Tengo, Brightblack Morning Light, The Membranes, Josh T Pearson, Ariel Pink, Lightning Bolt, That Petrol Emotion, múm, Harmony Rockets performing "Paralyzed Mind of the Archangel Void", Th' Faith Healers, School of Seven Bells, No Age, Robin Guthrie, The Robert Coyne Outfit and The Pains of Being Pure at Heart.
UK 2009 In Between Days.
07-10/12/2009. This event took place In Between the two 2009 Christmas festivals at Minehead. Activities included a steam train trip and swimming, as well as performances from:
Fuck Buttons, Lightning Bolt, Tall Firs, Dirty Three, Josh T Pearson, Bardo Pond, Apse, Alexander Tucker, múm, Om, Growing, Polvo, Deerhoof, Crispin Glover and Sleepy Sun.
UK 2009 Tenth Birthday Party.
11-13/12/2009. This event was held at Butlin's holiday camp in Minehead, Somerset. Line-up:
Battles, Explosions in the Sky, Stephen Malkmus and the Jicks, J Mascis + The Fog, Sunn O))) performing "The Grimmrobe Demos", Sunn O))) performing from "Monoliths & Dimensions", Tortoise, Shellac, Dirty Three, Melvins, Mudhoney, Papa M, The For Carnation, Deerhoof, The Drones, Sleepy Sun, Bardo Pond, Fuck Buttons, Apse, Alexander Tucker and Decomposed Orchestra, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, The Breeders, Modest Mouse, Om, Lightning Bolt, múm, Tall Firs, Porn, Edan, The Magic Band, The Mars Volta, Beak, Afrirampo, Devendra Banhart, Growing, Polvo, Josh T. Pearson, Six Organs of Admittance, Ricky Powell and Crispin Glover.
UK 2010 curated by Matt Groening.
7–9 May 2010. This event was held at Butlin's holiday camp in Minehead, Somerset. Line-up:
Iggy & The Stooges, Joanna Newsom, Spiritualized performing "Ladies and Gentlemen We Are Floating in Space", The xx, CocoRosie, Built to Spill, She & Him, James Chance and the Contortions, Liars, Boredoms performing 9 Drummer Boadrum, The Raincoats, Toumani Diabaté, Danielson, Anni Rossi, James Blackshaw, Viv Albertine's Limerence, Panda Bear, Daniel Johnston, The Residents, Deerhunter, Broadcast, Shonen Knife, Ruins alone (Tatsuya Yoshida), Amadou & Mariam, Ponytail, Konono Nº1, Thee Oh Sees, Juana Molina, Lightning Dust, Hope Sandoval, Tiger Lillies, Hello Saferide, The Fresh And Onlys, Cold Cave, Trash Kit and Jill Sobule.
UK 2010 curated by Pavement.
14–16 May 2010. This event was held at Butlin's holiday camp in Minehead, Somerset. Line-up:
Pavement, Atlas Sound, The Authorities, Blitzen Trapper, Broken Social Scene, Calexico, The Clean, Camera Obscura, The Drones, Enablers, Endless Boogie, The Fall, Faust, The Fiery Furnaces, Grails, Los Campesinos!, Marble Valley, Mission of Burma, Omar Souleyman + Sublime Frequencies, Pierced Arrows, Quasi, The Raincoats, Saccharine Trust, Sic Alps, Spiral Stairs, The 3Ds, Wildbirds & Peacedrums, Wooden Shjips, Boris, Mark Eitzel, Monotonix, Boris performing Feedbacker, The Dodos, Venom P. Stinger, Wax Fang, Tim Chad & Sherry, Horse Guards Parade, Still Flyin', Terry Reid featuring Matt Sweeney, Times New Viking, Avi Buffalo and Surfer Blood.
UK 2010 Nightmare Before Christmas curated by Godspeed You! Black Emperor.
3–5 December 2010. This event was held at Butlin's holiday camp in Minehead, Somerset. Throbbing Gristle cancelled due to the resignation of band-member Genesis P-Orridge. They were replaced on the lineup by the remaining members as X-TG, who then cancelled due to the death of Peter "Sleazy" Christopherson. Line-up:
Godspeed You! Black Emperor, Bardo Pond, The Ex, Deerhoof, Tim Hecker, Mike Watt, Scout Niblett, Neurosis, Black Dice, The Dead C, Francisco López, Wolves in the Throne Room, Rangda, Marissa Nadler, Growing, Weird Al Yankovic, Nomeansno, Emeralds, White Magic, Josephine Foster, Daniel Higgs, Boban I Marko Markovic Orchestra, Cluster, Mahjongg, Charlemagne Palestine, Maher Shalal Hash Baz, Keiji Haino, Flower / Corsano Duo, Borbetomagus, Daniel Menche, Country Teasers, Bruce Mcclure, Berg Sans Nipple, Sick Llama, Oneida present The Ocropolis, Thee Oh Sees, Hangedup, Matana Roberts, Land Of Kush, Philip Jeck, John Butcher, Tindersticks, The Sadies, Yomul Yuk and Dreamcatcher.
UK 2010 In Between Days curated by Amos.
6–9 December 2010. This event was held at Butlin's holiday camp in Minehead, Somerset. Line-up:
Autolux, Caribou, Cave, Connan Mockasin, Wooden Shjips, Moon Duo, Emeralds, White Hills, DJ Cherrystones, Factory Floor, Holy Fuck, Mugstar, Ulrich Schnauss, Four Tet, Hallogallo (Michael Rother and Friends present the music of Neu!), Yob and Urfaust.
UK 2010 (Bowlie 2) curated by Belle & Sebastian.
10–12 December 2010. This event was held at Butlin's holiday camp in Minehead, Somerset. Line-up:
Belle & Sebastian, Field Music, Frightened Rabbit, Los Campesinos!, Howlin' Rain, Julian Cope, Those Dancing Days, The Vaselines, Vashti Bunyan, Teenage Fanclub, The New Pornographers, The Apples in Stereo, Isobel Campbell with Mark Lanegan, Silver Columns, Foals, Crystal Castles, Dean Wareham plays Galaxie 500, Mulatu Astatke, Edwyn Collins, Steve Mason, Dirty Projectors, The Zombies, Jenny And Johnny, Sons And Daughters, Trembling Bells, Abagail Grey, Zoey Van Goey, 1900s, 1990s, Wild Beasts, Lætitia Sadier, Camera Obscura, Saint Etienne, Franz Ferdinand, Jane Weaver, Daniel Kitson & Gavin Osborn, The Go! Team and Jane Weaver.
UK 2011 ATP curated by Animal Collective.
13–15 May 2011. This event was held at Butlin's holiday camp in Minehead, Somerset. Line-up:
Animal Collective, Gang Gang Dance, Lee "Scratch" Perry, Black Dice, Ariel Pink's Haunted Graffiti, Meat Puppets performing Up on the Sun, The Frogs performing It's Only Right And Natural, Omar-S, Prince Rama, Spectrum, Dent May, Group Doueh, The Brothers Unconnected, Sublime Frequencies DJs and Films, Deradoorian, Zomby, Vladislav Delay, Big Boi, Terry Riley, Thinking Fellers Union Local 282, Atlas Sound, Micachu And The Shapes, The Entrance Band, Orthrelm, Tickley Feather, Drawlings, Teengirl Fantasy, Kria Brekkan, Eric Copeland, Beach House, Ear Pwr, Floating Points, Mick Barr (solo), Tony Conrad, Grouper, Actress, Oneohtrix Point Never, Kurt Vile And The Violators, Khaira Arby, Soldiers Of Fortune and Matt Baetz.
London 2011 I'll Be Your Mirror curated by Portishead & ATP.
23 & 24 July 2011. This event was held at Alexandra Palace in London, England. Portishead headlined both nights. The line-up was:
Saturday 23rd: Portishead, PJ Harvey, DOOM, Company Flow, The Books, Factory Floor, Beak, Black Roots, DD/MM/YYYY, Foot Village, Helen Money, Thought Forms, and The London Snorkelling Team.
Sunday 24th: Portishead, Godspeed You! Black Emperor, Grinderman, Alan Moore & Stephen O'Malley, Swans, Beach House, Caribou, Liars, The Telescopes, The Passion Of Joan Of Arc, Anika, S.C.U.M, Acoustic Ladyland, and Fairhorns, and The Sundowners.
UK 2011 A Nightmare Before Christmas Curated by Battles, Caribou & Les Savy Fav.
09–11 December 2011. This event will be held at Butlin's holiday camp in Minehead, Somerset. Line-up thus far:
9 December curated by Les Savy Fav
Les Savy Fav, Hot Snakes, Archers of Loaf, No Age, The Dodos, Holy Fuck, Marnie Stern, Wild Flag, Total Control, Oxes, Surfer Blood, Simian Mobile Disco DJs, Violent Soho, The Budos Band and Future Islands.
10 December curated by Battles
Battles, Flying Lotus, The Psychic Paramount, Gary Numan, Bitch Magnet, Washed Out, Thank You, Nisennenmondai, Phil Manley Life Coach, Dead Rider, Walls (live), Underground Resistance presents 'Interstellar Fugitives', Cults, The Field and Matias Aguayo.
11 December curated by Caribou
Caribou, The Ex with Getatchew Mekurya, Junior Boys, Omar Souleyman, Factory Floor, Four Tet, Theo Parrish (4 Hour DJ Set), Toro Y Moi, Orchestra of Spheres, Pharoah Sanders, Sun Ra Arkestra, Silver Apples, Connan Mockasin, Roll The Dice, DJ Rashad & DJ Spinn.
UK 2012 ATP Curated by Jeff Mangum (Neutral Milk Hotel).
9–11 March 2012 (rescheduled, originally set for December 2011). Held at Butlin's holiday camp in Minehead, Somerset. The rescheduled line-up featured:
Jeff Mangum (from Neutral Milk Hotel), The Olivia Tremor Control, Young Marble Giants, The Magic Band, The Raincoats performing (debut LP) "The Raincoats", A Hawk and a Hacksaw performing a new and original soundtrack to 'Shadows Of Forgotten Ancestors', The Apples in Stereo, Mike Watt & George Hurley Perform The Songs Of The Minutemen, Robyn Hitchcock Performs I Often Dream Of Trains, Scratch Acid, Yann Tiersen, Elephant 6 Holiday Surprise, Half Japanese, Low, Boredoms, The Fall, Lost In The Trees, Joanna Newsom, Thurston Moore, Sebadoh, Tall Firs, Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, The Magnetic Fields, Versus, Group Doueh, The Music Tapes, Mount Eerie, Roscoe Mitchell, Earth, ACME (American Contemporary Music Ensemble) performing Gavin Bryars' Jesus' Blood Never Failed Me Yet, Rafael Toral, Matana Roberts, Yamantaka // Sonic Titan, Demdike Stare, Blanck Mass, Sun Ra Arkestra, Oneohtrix Point Never, Feathers and Charlemagne Palestine.
London 2012 I'll Be Your Mirror curated by Mogwai and ATP.
25, 26 & 27 May 2012. This event was held at Alexandra Palace in London, England. Slayer headlined on the Friday, Mogwai on the Saturday and The Afghan Whigs on the Sunday. The line-up was:
Friday 25th: Slayer performing Reign in Blood, Sleep, Melvins, Wolves in the Throne Room, Yob and A Storm of Light
Saturday 26th: Mogwai, Dirty Three, Mudhoney, Codeine, Chavez, Bill Wells & Aidan Moffat, The Music of Can: Unreleased Music & Discussion with Irmin Schmidt + Jono Podmore, Harvey Milk, Floor, The Soft Moon, Umberto, Balam Acab and Antoni Maiovvi
Sunday 27th: The Afghan Whigs, The Make-Up, Archers of Loaf, Thee Oh Sees, Yuck, Sleepy Sun, Tennis, Tall Firs, Forest Swords, Demdike Stare, Siskiyou and Blanck Mass
UK 2012 Nightmare Before Christmas curated by Shellac.
30 November-2 December 2012. This event was held at Pontins holiday camp in Camber Sands, East Sussex. The line-up featured:
Shellac, Wire, Scrawl, Mission Of Burma, The Ex + Brass Unbound, Red Fang, Shannon Wright, The Membranes, Alix, Bear Claw, Helen Money, Dead Rider, Arcwelder, Neurosis, Mono, Melt Banana, Uzeda, Prinzhorn Dance School, Three Second Kiss, Buke and Gase, Oxbow, Nina Nastasia, Zeni Geva, Bottomless Pit, Pinebender and STNNNG.
UK 2012 ATP Curated by The National.
7–9 December 2012. This event was held at Pontins holiday camp in Camber Sands, East Sussex. The line-up featured:
The National, Kronos Quartet, The Antlers, Owen Pallett, Boris, Tim Hecker, Sharon Van Etten, My Brightest Diamond, Wye Oak, Lower Dens, Megafaun, Suuns, Dark Dark Dark and Buke and Gase, Bear In Heaven, Local Natives, Kurt Vile, Michael Rother presents the music of Neu! and Harmonia, Deerhoof, Menomena, Youth Lagoon, Nico Muhly, Stars Of The Lid, Perfume Genius, Richard Reed Parry (Arcade Fire), Mark Mulcahy (Miracle Legion), Kathleen Edwards, Hauschka, This Is The Kit, So Percussion and Hayden with more to be confirmed.
UK 2013 Weekend 1 ATP Curated by TV On The Radio.
10–12 May 2013. This event was held at Pontins holiday camp in Camber Sands, East Sussex. The line-up featured:
TV On The Radio, Spank Rock, El-P, Tinariwen, Shabazz Palaces, Thee Oh Sees, CSS, Saul Williams, Celebration, Talibam!, North America, Daniel Higgs (Lungfish), De La Soul, MF Doom, Doseone, Dark Dark Dark, Unknown Mortal Orchestra, Dragons Of Zynth, Lone Wolf And Cub, Death Grips, Why?, Antibalas, Bouquet, Light Asylum, Marques Toliver, Mykki Blanco, Iran, The Juggs and Rain Machine.
London 2013 I'll Be Your Mirror curated by Yeah Yeah Yeahs.
4 May 2012. This event was held at Alexandra Palace in London, England. The line-up was:
Yeah Yeah Yeahs, The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, The Locust, Black Lips, The Field, J.G. Thirlwell's Manorexia, Prince Rama, Dirty Beaches, Jah Shaka, King Khan And The Shrines, Big Freedia, Mick Harvey w/ guest Sophia Brous - Performing the music of Serge Gainsbourg, Anika, K Holes and DJ Jonathan Toubin.
UK 2013 Weekend 2 ATP Curated by Deerhunter.
21–23 June 2013. This event was held at Pontins holiday camp in Camber Sands, East Sussex. The line-up features:
Deerhunter performing "Crypotograms", "Microcastle" & "Halcyon Digest" in full, Atlas Sound, The Breeders performing Last Splash, Panda Bear, Avey Tare, Pere Ubu, Dan Deacon, Tim Gane, Laetitia Sadier, Kim Gordon & Ikue Mori, No Age, Black Lips, Tom Tom Club, Rhys Chatham with Oneida, William Basinski, Ex Models with Kid Millions, Samara Lubelski, Blues Control with Laraaji, DJ Set/Spoken Word by Eric Isaacson (Mississippi Records founder), Steve Reich with The London Sinfonietta, Robyn Hitchcock, Lonnie Holley, Hollow Stars, Blue Orchids and Black Dice.
ATP USA Event History.
US 2002 - curated by Sonic Youth.
14-15-16-17/3/2002 - UCLA Campus, Los Angeles, California.
Originally scheduled for 19-21/10/2001, ATP LA 2001 was postponed due to the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Lineup:
Aphex Twin, Asheton, Mascis and Watt, Bardo Pond, Big Star, Black Dice, Boredoms, Bride of No No, Califone, Cannibal Ox, Cat Power, Cecil Taylor, Chris Lee, Christina Rosenvinge, The Dead C, Deerhoof, Destroy All Monsters, DJ Olive, Eddie Vedder, Erase Errata, Fred Anderson Trio, Fursaxa, Gerard Malanga, Ikue Mori, Ira Cohen, Jackie-O Motherfucker, Jim O'Rourke, Kevin Drumm, Leah Singer, Lydia Lunch, Madlib, Mats Gustafsson, Merzbow, Mike Watt and the Secondmen, Nathaniel Mackey, Neil Michael Hagerty, Nels Cline, Papa M, Peaches, Pita, Quix*o*tic, Renee Gladman, Saccharine Trust, Satans Tornade, Sleater-Kinney, Smog, Stephen Malkmus and the Jicks, Stereolab, Television, Tony Conrad, Unwound, U.S. Maple, White Out, Wilco, William Winant
US 2003 - curated by Matt Groening.
8-9/11/2003. The Queen Mary, Long Beach, California
Lineup:
!!!, Built to Spill, Modest Mouse, Sonic Youth, The Black Heart Procession, The Magic Band, The Shins, Unknown Hinson, Daniel Johnston, Danielson Famile, Deerhoof, John Wesley Harding, Mike Watt/George Hurley Minutemen Duet, Moris Tepper, Spoon, Bangs, Shannon Wright, Bardo Pond, Har Mar Superstar, Iggy & The Stooges, James Chance and the Contortions, Mission of Burma, The Mars Volta, The American Analog Set, Carla Bozulich Red Headed Stranger Show, Cat Power, Electrelane, Jackie-O Motherfucker, Liarbird, Terry Riley/Stefano Scodanibbio.
Elliott Smith was chosen by Groening to play at this concert, but died before the concert took place.
US 2004 - curated by Modest Mouse.
6-7/11/2004 - The Queen Mary, Long Beach, California
Lineup:
Explosions in the Sky, J Mascis + The Fog, Lou Reed, Lungfish, Modest Mouse, The Black Heart Procession, The Walkmen, Wolf Parade, Sufjan Stevens, The Buff Medways featuring Billy Childish, White Hassle, White Magic, Kevin Mason, Built to Spill, Constantines, Stephen Malkmus and the Jicks, The Cramps, The Flaming Lips, The Shins, Eagles of Death Metal, Love as Laughter, The Magic Magicians, Peaches, Radar Bros., Those Peabodys
US 2007 Pitchfork Music Festival in collaboration with All Tomorrow's Parties' Don't Look Back.
13/7/2007, one stage curated by "ATP":
US 2008 Pitchfork Music Festival in collaboration with All Tomorrow's Parties' Don't Look Back.
18/7/2008
US 2008 ATP New York - curated by My Bloody Valentine/ATP.
19-21/9/2008 - Kutshers Country Club in Monticello, NY, New York. This was All Tomorrow’s Parties' first east coast festival. It featured My Bloody Valentine's first US appearance in 16-years. The festival featured a cinema hosted by Criterion, a comedy night featuring and presented by Patton Oswalt (on the 19th) and a games room hosted by Steve Albini. Accommodation was spread out between the Kutshers resort, the nearby Raleigh hotel and other nearby hotels and motels. Many of the performances were broadcast/webcast live on NY/NJ-based free-form noncommercial radio station WFMU.
The line-up included:
Don't Look Back day:
Built to Spill perform "Perfect from Now On", Meat Puppets perform "Meat Puppets II", Tortoise perform "Millions Now Living Will Never Die", Thurston Moore performs "Psychic Hearts", Bardo Pond perform "Lapsed",
Comedians lineup for DLB day:
Patton Oswalt, Eugene Mirman, Maria Bamford, Joe DeRosa
ATP curated day:
Shellac, Polvo, Fuck Buttons, The Drones, Edan and guest Dagha, Low, Wooden Shjips, Thee Silver Mount Zion Orchestra, Growing, Harmonia, Om, Apse, Alexander Tucker, Les Savy Fav and Lightning Bolt.
My Bloody Valentine curated day:
My Bloody Valentine, Mogwai, Yo La Tengo, Dinosaur Jr., Lilys, Mercury Rev, Los Campesinos!, Le Volume Courbe, Bob Mould, Gemma Hayes, Spectrum, The Wounded Knees, The Brian Jonestown Massacre, Robin Guthrie (Cocteau Twins), EPMD and ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead.
USA ATP New York 2009 - curated by The Flaming Lips/ATP.
11-13/09/2009. This event was held at Kutshers Country Club, Monticello, New York in September 2009. It followed the same format as 2008's event with Friday featuring Don't Look Back sets and a comedy curated stage. Saturday was once again curated by ATP and Sunday was curated by guests The Flaming Lips. Criterion once again hosted the cinema and presented a programme including a personal appearance by Jim Jarmusch who introduced his film "Mystery Train". Ian Svenonius presented his interview show "Soft Focus" live from Kutshers and renowned artist Eric White presented an exhibition of his work. Steve Albini hosted a games room.
Line-up:
Friday 11 September - Don't Look Back/Comedy:
The Jesus Lizard, Iron & Wine, Panda Bear, Dirty Three performing "Ocean Songs" with Nick Cave, Suicide performing "Suicide", The Feelies performing "Crazy Rhythms", The Drones performing "Wait Long by the River and the Bodies of Your Enemies Will Float by" and comedy stage featuring and curated by David Cross with Eugene Mirman, Jon Benjamin & Jon Glaser and Derrick Brown & The Navy Gravy.
Saturday 12 September - Curated by ATP:
Animal Collective, Deerhunter, Melvins, Boss Hog, El-P, Dead Meadow, Akron/Family, Sleepy Sun, Black Dice, Antipop Consortium, Autolux, Atlas Sound, Bridezilla, Sufjan Stevens performing "Seven Swans", Shellac, Grouper and Circulatory System.
Sunday 13 September - Curated by The Flaming Lips:
The Flaming Lips, Boredoms performing 9 drummer BOADRUM, No Age with Bob Mould performing Hüsker Dü, Caribou Vibration Ensemble, Deerhoof with Martha Colburn, Crystal Castles, Super Furry Animals, Boris performing "Feedbacker", The Lows Lows, Oneida presents The Ocropolis, Hopewell, Black Moth Super Rainbow, Menomena and Birds of Avalon.
USA "All Tomorrow's Parties" New York 2010 – Curated by Jim Jarmusch & "All Tomorrow's Parties".
3–5 September 2010. This event was held at Kutshers Country Club, Monticello, New York. It followed the same format as 2008 and 2009 with Friday featuring Don't Look Back sets and a curated comedy stage. "All Tomorrow's Parties" hosted a tenth birthday celebration on the Saturday and Jim Jarmusch curated on the Sunday. Criterion once again hosted the cinema.
Friday 3 September – Don't Look Back/Comedy:
Iggy & The Stooges performing "Raw Power", Sleep performing "Sleep's Holy Mountain", Mudhoney performing "Superfuzz Bigmuff Plus Early Singles" and The Scientists performing "Blood Red River" with comedy curated by Syd Butler of Les Savy Fav featuring Todd Barry, Heather Lawless, Hannibal Buress and Matt McCarthy.
Saturday 4 September – Curated by "All Tomorrow's Parties":
Sonic Youth, Explosions in the Sky, The Breeders, Fuck Buttons, The Books, Papa M, APSE, Tortoise, Bardo Pond, Beak, Avi Buffalo, Sleepy Sun, Shellac, Fursaxa, Hallogallo (Michael Rother and Friends present the music of Neu!), Text of Light and Sian Alice Group.
Sunday 5 September – Curated by Jim Jarmusch:
The Greenhornes, Raekwon, Girls, Vivian Girls, The Black Angels, Wooden Shjips, Fucked Up, Sunn O))) & Boris Present Altar, Hope Sandoval & the Warm Inventions, White Hills, Dungen, Kurt Vile, T-Model Ford, Ricky Powell, GZA and DJ Kool Herc.
2011 ATP Presents I'll Be Your Mirror Asbury Park, NJ curated by Portishead and Jeff Mangum.
Friday September 30 curated by "Jeff Mangum": Jeff Mangum performing the songs of Neutral Milk Hotel, Bonnie 'Prince' Billy, Chavez, Shellac, The Album Leaf, A Hawk And A Hacksaw, Cults, Thinking Fellers Union Local 282, Factory Floor, Awesome Tapes From Africa DJs and comedy from Hannibal Buress, Reggie Watts and Rory Scovel.
Saturday, October 1 curated by "Portishead": Portishead, Swans, Battles, The Pop Group, The Horrors, Ultramagnetic MC's, Beak, Foot Village, Oneida presents The Ocropolis III, DJ Peanut Butter Wolf and Silver Qluster - A collaboration between Simeon of Silver Apples and Hans-Joachim Roedelius of Cluster/Harmonia, Marc Ribot's Ceramic Dog, Colin Stetson and Factory Floor.
Sunday, October 2 curated by All Tomorrow's Parties: Portishead, Jeff Mangum performing the songs of Neutral Milk Hotel, A Silver Mt. Zion, Earth, Deerhoof, DD/MM/YYYY, Anika, J. G. Thirlwell's Manorexia, People of the North, Thought Forms, Company Flow, Public Enemy performing Fear of a Black Planet, and DJ Shepard Fairey. Mogwai was scheduled to play, but cancelled due to illness.
2012 ATP America presents I'll Be Your Mirror in New York, NY curated by Greg Dulli.
21–23 September 2012. This event will be held at Pier 36, New York City.
21 September curated by ATP: Frank Ocean, Philip Glass and Tyondai Braxton, Janeane Garofalo, Lightning Bolt, Lee Ranaldo, Kurt Braunohler, Edan (DJ)
22 September curated by Greg Dulli: The Afghan Whigs, The Roots, José González, Mark Lanegan Band, Dirty Three, The Antlers, JEFF The Brotherhood, The Dirtbombs, Scrawl, Emeralds, Vetiver, Charles Bradley And The Extraordinaires, Afterhours, Joseph Arthur, DJ Questlove
23 September curated by ATP: Godspeed You! Black Emperor, The Make-Up, Hot Snakes, The Magic Band, Autolux, Thee Oh Sees, Lee Ranaldo, The Album Leaf, Braids, Quintron And Miss Pussycat, Tall Firs, Blanck Mass, The Psychic Paramount, Endless Boogie, Demdike Stare, Jonathan Toubin
ATP Australia Event History.
Australian ATP 2009 - curated by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds.
9-18/01/2009 - Events in Brisbane, Sydney's Cockatoo Island and Mount Buller (in Victoria). Mount Buller was a two-day event on the 9–10 January. Sydney was a one day lineup repeating on the 17 and 18 January at Cockatoo Island. Brisbane was a series of 'one night stands', the main event of which was a large show at the Riverstage venue on the 15th. Some of the acts such as Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, Fuck Buttons and Spiritualized also played headline shows in other capital cities as part of the tour.
Mt. Buller Lineup:
Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, The Saints, Spiritualized, Fuck Buttons, Harmonia, The Necks, Laughing Clowns, Robert Forster (musician), James Blood Ulmer, Michael Gira, Primitive Calculators, Afrirampo, Silver Apples, Bridezilla, Rowland S. Howard, The Stabs, Dirty Three (performing "Ocean Songs"), The Reels, Bill Callahan, Dead Meadow, Psarantonis, Small Knives, Passenger of Shit, The Holy Sea, Hunter Dienna, Beaches, Hoss (band), Conway Savage. Grinderman also performed as a "mystery act" on the opening night.
Sydney Lineup:
Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, The Saints, Spiritualized, Fuck Buttons, Harmonia, The Necks, Laughing Clowns, Robert Forster (musician), James Blood Ulmer, Michael Gira, Afrirampo, Silver Apples, Bridezilla, The Stabs, Dead Meadow, Rowland S. Howard, The Reels, Psarantonis, Conway Savage, Beaches, Hunter Dienna, Passenger of Shit, Sounds of Seduction, The Holy Sea, Hoss.
Brisbane Lineup:
Riverstage: Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, The Saints performing "I'm Stranded", Spiritualized, Robert Forster (musician), James Blood Ulmer, The Necks.
Powerhouse 'one night stands': Afrirampo, Fuck Buttons, Harmonia, Dead Meadow and Michael Gira all performed.
Australia 2013 I'll Be Your Mirror curated by The Drones & ATP.
16–17 February 2013. This event will be held at Westgate Entertainment Centre and Grand Star Reception, Altona, Melbourne. The line-up will be:
16 February curated by ATP
My Bloody Valentine, Godspeed You! Black Emperor, Swans, The Dead C, HTRK, Thee Oh Sees, Sleepy Sun, Standish/Carlyon, Oren Ambarchi, Ben Frost, CIVIL CIVIC, New War and Strangers From Now On
17 February curated by The Drones
The Drones, Beasts Of Bourbon (original lineup), Einstürzende Neubauten, Lost Animal, Harmony, Cam Butler & The Shadows Of Love, Pere Ubu (performing The Modern Dance), Crime & the City Solution, Kev Carmody, Don Walker, The Stickmen, Dan Kelly and My Disco
ATP Iceland Event History.
ATP Iceland 2013.
28 & 29 June 2013. This event was held at Ásbrú (Former Nato Base), Keflavík, Iceland . The line-up will be:
Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds, The Fall, Thee Oh Sees, The Notwist, múm, HAM, Botnleðja, Apparat Organ Quartet, Ghostigital, Kimono, Æla, Snorri Helgason, Chelsea Light Moving, Deerhoof, SQÜRL, Mugison, Dead Skeletons, Hjaltalín, Valgeir Sigurðsson, Amiina, Mono Town and Puzzle Muteson.
ATP Europe Event History.
ATP at Primavera Sound Barcelona 2007.
31/5/2007-3/6/2007 - Barcelona, Spain. Two stages curated by "ATP":
Don't Look Back Stage -
"ATP" Stage -
Alexander Tucker, Band of Horses, Black Mountain, Bola, Brightblack Morning Light, Built to Spill, Death Vessel, The Durutti Column, Fennesz + Patton, Grizzly Bear, Herman Dune, Isis, Low / DV, Modest Mouse, múm, Oakley Hall, Pelican, The Smashing Pumpkins, The Apples in Stereo, Dirty Three, The White Stripes
ATP at Primavera Sound Barcelona 2008.
29-31/5/2008 - Barcelona, Spain. One stage curated by "ATP", line-up:
Pissed Jeans, Polvo, Fuck Buttons, Thomas Brinkman, Les Savy Fav, Deerhunter, Trad Gras Och Stenar, Boris, Om, Dr. Octagon, Autolux, MV / EE & The Golden Road, Edan and guest Dagha, Six Organs of Admittance, Awesome Color, Silver Jews, Kinski, Times New Viking, The Devastations, Shellac, Explosions in the Sky, Mount Eerie / Microphones
ATP at Primavera Sound Barcelona 2009.
28-30/5/2009 - Primavera Sound Barcelona Festival, one stage curated by "ATP", line-up:
The Jesus Lizard, Lightning Bolt, Dead Meadow, Wooden Shjips, Magik Markers, Shellac, Sunn O))) performing "The Grimmrobe Demos", Rhythm & Sound DJs feat. Tikiman, The Drones, Carsick Cars, Sleepy Sun, Th' Faith Healers, Liars, El-P, Jesu, Gang Gang Dance, Ariel Pink, DJs Barry Hogan and Declan Allen, DJ Coco.
ATP at Primavera Sound Barcelona 2010.
27-29/5/2010 - Primavera Sound Festival, one stage curated by "ATP", line-up:
The Books, Circulatory System, Ui, Tortoise, Apse, Scout Niblett, BEAK>, Beach House, Les Savy Fav, Shellac, Black Math Horseman, The Psychic Paramount, Hallogallo 2010 (Michael Rother & Friends Present NEU! Music), Sian Alice Group, Polvo, Built To Spill, Liquid Liquid and Ben Frost.
ATP at Primavera Sound Barcelona 2011.
26-28/5/2011 - Primavera Sound Festival, one stage curated by "ATP", line-up:
The Album Leaf, Caribou, Dean Wareham plays Galaxie 500, Factory Floor, Half Japanese, Islet, The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, Lichens, Low, Money Mark, Oneohtrix Point Never, Phosphorescent, Pissed Jeans, Salem, Seefeel, Shellac, Tennis, Wolf People and Yuck.
ATP at Primavera Sound Barcelona 2012.
31/5 - 2/6 2012 - Primavera Sound Festival, one stage curated by "ATP", line-up:
A Storm Of Light, Lee Ranaldo, Mudhoney, Thee Oh Sees, Wolves In The Throne Room, Codeine, Dirty Three, DJ Barry Hogan (ATP), I Break Horses, Main, Siskyou, Demdike Stare, DJ Coco (Primavera), Forest Swords, Godflesh, Shellac, Sleepy Sun, Tall Firs and The Pop Group.
ATP at Optimus Primavera Porto 2013.
8-9/6/2013 - Optimus Primavera Festival, one stage curated by "ATP", line-up:
Codeine, Rafael Toral, Shellac, Tall Firs, Tennis, Thee Oh Sees, Wolves In The Throne Room, Demdike Stare, Dirty Three, Forest Swords, I Break Horses, Lee Ranaldo, Siskiyou and Sleepy Sun.
ATP at Primavera Sound Barcelona 2013.
23-25/5 2013 - Primavera Sound Festival, one stage curated by "ATP", line-up:
White Fence, Degreaser, Do Make Say Think, Bob Mould, Hot Snakes, Death Grips, Fuck Buttons, Ghostigital, Om, Merchandise, Shellac, Jozef Van Wissem & Jim Jarmusch, Neurosis, Goat, Mount Eerie, The Sea & Cake, Roll The Dice, Thee Oh Sees, Meat Puppets, Phosphorescent, Nurse With Wound and Omar Souleyman.
ATP at Optimus Primavera Porto 2013.
31/5 - 1/6 2013 - Optimus Primavera Festival, one stage curated by "ATP", line-up:
Ghostigital, Om, Daniel Johnston, Mao Morta, Shellac, Meat Puppets, Hot Snakes, Fuck Buttons, Roll The Dice, Degreaser, Paus, The Sea And Cake, White Fence, Nurse With Wound, Titus Andronicus, Headbirds.
ATP Japan Event History.
Tokyo 2011 I'll Be Your Mirror curated by ATP featuring Godspeed You! Black Emperor.
27 Feb 2011. This event was held at Studio Coast in Tokyo, Japan. The line-up consisted of:
Godspeed You! Black Emperor, Boredoms, Dirty Three, Fuck Buttons, Boris, Envy, Autolux, Melt-Banana and Keiji Haino.

</doc>
<doc id="18844315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844315" title="2000 Heineken Open">
2000 Heineken Open

The 2000 Heineken Open was a men's ATP tennis tournament held in Auckland, New Zealand. The tournament was held from January 10 to January 17.

</doc>
<doc id="18844321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844321" title="1978 New Zealand rugby union tour of Britain and Ireland">
1978 New Zealand rugby union tour of Britain and Ireland

In 1978 the New Zealand national rugby union team, the All Blacks, toured Britain and Ireland. They were the eighth All Black team to undertake a full tour of the countries and became the first to achieve a Grand Slam in beating the national teams of Ireland, Wales, England and Scotland. The previous seven touring parties had either lost or drawn at least one international, or had not played all four nations.
The tourists played eighteen matches, winning seventeen and losing one. Their sole defeat was by Munster at Thomond Park, Limerick. This was the first occasion that an All Black team had been beaten in Ireland and as of 2012 it remains the All Blacks' only defeat by any Irish team. The victory inspired a subsequent stage play, "Alone it Stands".
Although the All Blacks won their four internationals, three of the matches remained undecided until close to the end. The match against Ireland was level 6–6 at the end of normal time and was settled by Andy Dalton's try in injury time. Against Wales, a 78th minute penalty goal by replacement full-back Brian McKechnie turned a 12–10 deficit into a 13–12 win. In the Scotland game the All Blacks led 12–9 going into injury time and a drop goal attempt by Ian McGeechan, which would have tied the scores if successful, was charged down and led to a breakaway try for New Zealand by Bruce Robertson.
Test Matches.
Ireland.
The All Blacks opened the scoring with a dropped goal by Bruce, with Ward's penalty making the score 3–3 at half-time. Bruce put the visitors ahead again with a further dropped goal before Ward levelled again with another penalty. The score remained at 6–6 as the game went into injury time but an unconverted try by Dalton after Donaldson's break from a line-out gave New Zealand a 10–6 victory. Rothmans Yearbook called it a "tense, if unspectacular, struggle in perfect playing conditions" and asserted that the All Blacks "deserved their narrow victory" after winning 31 of the 40 line-outs in the game.
NEW ZEALAND: Clive Currie, Stu Wilson, Bill Osborne, Mark Taylor, Brian Ford (rep Bryan Williams, Doug Bruce, Mark Donaldson, Billy Bush, Andy Dalton, Brad Johnstone, Andy Haden, Frank Oliver, Graham Mourie (c), Leicester Rutledge, Gary Seear.
IRELAND: Lawrence Moloney, Terry Kennedy, Mike Gibson, Alistair McKibbin, Freddie McLennan, Tony Ward, Colin Patterson, Ned Byrne, Pa Whelan, Phil Orr, Moss Keane, Donal Spring, Fergus Slattery, Shay Deering (c), Willie Duggan
Touring party.
Full Back.
Clive Currie, 
Brian McKechnie
Three-Quarters.
Stu Wilson, Robert Kururangi, Bryan Ford, Brian Williams, Bruce Robertson, Lyn Jaffray, Mark Taylor, Bill Osborne
Half-Backs.
Doug Bruce, Eddie Dunn, David Loveridge, Mark Donaldson
Forwards.
Brad Johnstone, John Ashworth, John McEldowney, Gary Knight, Andy Dalton, John Black, John Fleming, John Loveday, Andy Haden, Frank Oliver, Leicester Rutledge, Graham Mourie, Ken Stewart, Wayne Graham, Gary Seear, Ash MacGregor

</doc>
<doc id="18844329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844329" title="Phil Abraham">
Phil Abraham

Phil Abraham is an American cinematographer and television director. He worked on all six seasons of "The Sopranos", initially as a camera operator, then as a cinematographer and eventually as an episodic director. He won the 2008 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Cinematography for a One Hour Series for his work on the pilot of "Mad Men" and has been nominated for three other Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Cinematography for a Single-Camera Series for his work on "The Sopranos". Besides working on as a cinematographer for "Mad Men", he has also worked on as a director for several episodes. He picked up two more nominations for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series for "Mad Men" episodes "The Jet Set" and "The Other Woman". He attended high school at York Preparatory School and graduated from Wesleyan University, along with "Mad Men" creator Matthew Weiner.

</doc>
<doc id="18844334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844334" title="Africa Action">
Africa Action

Africa Action is a national human rights nonprofit organization based in Washington, DC, working to change U.S.-Africa relations to promote political, economic and social justice in nations of Africa. They provide accessible information and analysis, and mobilize popular support for campaigns to achieve this mission. This organization is the oldest nonprofit in the United States to work on African affairs.
Predecessor organizations.
Africa Action is the name the organization adopted in 2001, after three organizations, the American Committee on Africa, the Africa Fund, and the Africa Policy Information Center, merged. 
The American Committee on Africa (ACOA) was founded in New York in 1953 by George Houser. It was created by a group of black and white civil rights activists led by Bayard Rustin under name Committee to Support South African Resistance who had organized support for the historic Defiance Campaign in South Africa the previous year. In the book, "No Easy Victories", ACOA is described as the “premier U.S. Africa solidarity organization.” It became this way through “coalition building…work with the young United Nations and by cultivating good relationships with emerging African leaders.” New York was a center of activity for ACOA through the 1980s in organizing anti-apartheid activities. 
The Africa Fund, founded in 1966, worked with ACOA to provide key support for independence movements throughout Africa. During the anti-apartheid movement, the Africa Fund became the "principal contact point for progressive trade unionists and politicians." They encouraged US firms and stockholders to divest in South Africa and published updated lists of U.S. companies involved there.
The Africa Policy Information Center (APIC) was founded in Washington, DC in 1978. It produced research, analysis and education materials designed to widen the debate in the United States around African issues and the U.S. role in Africa.
Current programs.
According to their website, Africa Action is a national organization for political, economic and social justice in Africa. Africa Action contends that the U.S. has a special historic responsibility toward Africa. It also believes that racism has been and is a major determinant of U.S. policies toward Africa, Africans and U.S. citizens of African descent. Members of the organization value Africa and its peoples, and seek to work in partnership with Africans. Today, together with activists and civil society organizations throughout the United States and in Africa, Africa Action works to change U.S. foreign policy and the policies of international institutions to support African struggles for peace and development.
Peace and Justice in Darfur and all Sudan.
In 2008 Africa Action launched a new, intensified campaign to raise awareness about the continuing crisis in Darfur and put public pressure on the next U.S. president to lead the international community in bringing peace and justice to Darfur and all Sudan. In June 2008, both Barack Obama and John McCain signed a pledge promising "unstinting resolve" to end genocide in Darfur. Today Africa Action is mobilizing public pressure to keep this promise by achieving:
The campaign under the banner JUST L.E.A.D not only calls for leadership from the U.S. government but also challenges all people to meet our collective responsibility as ordinary individuals to LEARN. EDUCATE. and ACT. DAILY. on the most important moral and solidarity question of our time.
As part of this campaign Africa Action is working with other organizations to collect one million postcards urging President Obama to make peace and justice in Darfur and all Sudan a Day-One priority.
Campaign to End HIV/AIDS in Africa.
Africa Action’s Campaign to End HIV/AIDS in Africa mobilizes U.S. activists to change the policies of our own government to help end the HIV/AIDS crisis in Africa. According to Africa Action, the HIV/AIDS pandemic is the greatest global threat in the world today. Africa is ground zero of the crisis – home to nearly two-thirds of those living with HIV/AIDS worldwide. Africa’s HIV/AIDS crisis is the direct result of centuries of global injustice. Now, African efforts to defeat HIV/AIDS are hindered by insufficient resources and by U.S. and international policies that restrict access to essential treatment and comprehensive health care.
Campaign to Cancel Africa's Debt.
Africa Action’s Campaign to Cancel Africa’s Debt mobilizes pressure on the U.S. government to push for 100% debt cancellation for all impoverished African countries without harmful conditions. According to Africa Action, Africa's over $200 billion debt burden is the single biggest obstacle to the continent's development. Most of this debt is illegitimate, having been incurred by despotic and unrepresentative regimes. African countries spend almost $14 billion annually on debt service, diverting resources from HIV/AIDS programs, education and other important needs. The U.S. and other rich countries have resisted calls to cancel this debt, instead proposing partial solutions that are inadequate and impose harsh economic policies on indebted countries.
Resources on other issues.
Africa Action's website is a portal for information related to U.S. policy towards Africa, including:
African Union, Avian Flu, Conflict Minerals, Conflict Resolution, Democracy and Human Rights, Foreign Aid Reform, Food Sovereignty and the Food Crisis, Global Apartheid, AFRICOM, Reparations, trade, and World Bank/IMF.
Key countries.
Africa Action believes that it is in the U.S.’ interest that, within each African region, countries and peoples should be able to advance the common goals of achieving security, democracy and development. While the paths to these objectives may differ, they are inseparable. Economic progress cannot be isolated from the needs for security and expansion of democratic rights.
Rational strategies to pursue these goals cannot be designed purely in terms of bilateral relations with selected countries. At the same time, it is not feasible to give equal weight to U.S. relations with each African country.
Africa Action singles out five African nations as "focus countries" where the U.S. must be consistently involved:
South Africa in Southern Africa
Nigeria in West Africa
Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) in Central Africa
Kenya in East Africa
Algeria in North Africa
Each "focus country" meets most or all of the following criteria: (1) they are large countries with large populations (usually the largest in the sub-region); (2) they boast the strongest and most industrialized economies in their respective regions; (3) they are presently among the largest trading partners for the U.S. in Africa (and the largest in their sub-region); (4) the U.S. has diverse and longstanding interests in them (economic, political, social and security); and (5) they are potential economic and political powerhouses of their respective regions.
These countries are all key actors within their respective regions, whose cooperation will be invaluable to resolving a wide range of problems. They are likely to be either forces for regional security or sources of regional instability. Finally, there are domestic constituencies in the U.S. concerned with policy toward each of these countries that can help build and sustain public support for new U.S. initiatives.
Giving priority to these countries should not be confused with making unconditional alliances with their ruling elites, with seeking to build them up as regional hegemonic powers, or with granting them automatic first-call with regard to economic assistance. Rather, U.S. policy towards each of these key countries must encompass the realities of each region they are a part of, and encourage constructive dialogue and collective problem solving among neighbors.
Americans must also recognize that the U.S. has special historical responsibilities toward a select number of other countries—Liberia, Angola, Somalia, and Sudan—that warrant particular attention. The policy approaches to these countries will also be most effective if integrated into policies toward their respective regions.
Sustained attention to "focus countries" should always be placed within the respective regional context. Thus, there should be a Southern Africa policy while acknowledging that South Africa is a priority within the region, and a West African policy that recognizes Nigeria's centrality to U.S. concerns in that region. What happens in the DRC, will have profound effects on the prospects for its neighbors. Although their regional weight is less overwhelming, Kenya and Algeria will also have major impacts on their respective regions.

</doc>
<doc id="18844370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844370" title="Marek Niit">
Marek Niit

Marek Niit (born August 9, 1987 in Kuressaare) is a male sprinter from Estonia who won gold medal at the 200 metres at the 2006 World Junior Championships in Athletics in Beijing, China. He is also the current national record holder in 100 metres,200 meters and 400 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="18844377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844377" title="Cai Yalin">
Cai Yalin

Cai Yalin (Chinese: 蔡亚林; Pinyin: Cài Yàlín; born September 3, 1977 in Chengde, Hebei) is a male Chinese sports shooter. He won the 10m air rifle at the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the process beating the Olympic record of 695.7pts with 696.4pts.

</doc>
<doc id="18844386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844386" title="Zonites algirus">
Zonites algirus

Zonites algirus is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropodmollusk in the family Zonitidae. 
Distribution.
This species occurs in Turkey and other areas.

</doc>
<doc id="18844389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844389" title="Max Blecher">
Max Blecher

Max Blecher (b. September 8, 1909, Botoşani– d. May 31, 1938) was a Romanian writer. 
Life and work.
Max Blecher's father was a successful Jewish merchant and the owner of a porcelain shop. Blecher attended primary and secondary school in Roman, Romania. After receiving his baccalaureat, Blecher left for Paris to study medicine. Shortly thereafter, in 1928, he was diagnosed with spinal tuberculosis (Pott's disease) and forced to abandon his studies. He sought treatment at various sanatoriums: Berck-sur-Mer in France, Leysin in Switzerland and Tekirghiol in Romania. For the remaining ten years of his life, he was confined to his bed and practically immobilized by the disease. Despite his illness, he wrote and published his first piece in 1930, a short story called "Herrant" in Tudor Arghezi's literary magazine "Bilete de papagal". He contributed to André Breton's literary review "Le Surréalisme au service de la révolution" and carried on an intense correspondence with the foremost writers and philosophers of his day such as André Breton, André Gide, Martin Heidegger, Illarie Voronca, Geo Bogza, Mihail Sebastian, and Sașa Pană. In 1934 he published "Corp transparent", a volume of poetry.
In 1935, Blecher's parents moved him to a house on the outskirts of Roman where he continued to write until his death in 1938 at the age of 28. During his lifetime he published two other major works, "Întâmplări în irealitate imediată" (Adventures in Immediate Unreality) and "Inimi cicatrizate" (Scarred Hearts), as well as a number of short prose pieces, articles and translations. "Vizuina luminată: Jurnal de sanatoriu" (The Lit Up Burrow: Sanatorium Journal) was published posthumously in part in 1947 and in full in 1971.
Translations.
Max Blecher's books have been translated into English, French, German, Spanish, Czech, Hungarian, Dutch, Swedish, Italian and Polish. The German translation of "Inimi cicatrizate", "Vernarbte Herzen" in German, was number one on Die Zeit's list of Notable Books.

</doc>
<doc id="18844391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844391" title="Manickam Yogeswaran">
Manickam Yogeswaran

Maanikkam Yogeswaran is a Sri Lankan Tamil musician and exponent of Carnatic music.
Manickam Yogeswaran, also known as "Yoga" was born 1959 in Meesalai, northern Sri Lanka. He studied at the Jaffna Hindu College before moving to London.
As a classical singer in the South Indian (Carnatic) tradition, he trained under S. Balasingam and P. Muthukkumaraswamy. He also contributed to film scores as well as the repertoire of dance and theatre companies in and outside the UK.
Besides being a member of the London based "vocal big band" The Shout he has performed with the German world music band Dissidenten [http://www.dissidenten.com/.
As part of the AIUME educational project, he has brought Indian music to new audiences. The 2008 world conference of ISME [http://www.isme.org in Bologna familiarized educators from many cultures with this innovative hands-on approach.
He has sung on the soundtrack to Stanley Kubrick's film "Eyes Wide Shut" (in a piece composed by Jocelyn Pook), thus becoming the first Tamil singer whose work has been featured in a Hollywood movie. He has also recorded the 133 chapters of the classic Tamil literary work the Thirukkural in 133 different ragas.
Yoga dedicated his 2005 album Peace for Paradise [http://www.myspace.com/peace4paradise] to human rights, peace and reconciliation in Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="18844398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844398" title="Lisa Albert">
Lisa Albert

Lisa Albert is an American television writer and producer. She has worked in both capacities on the AMC drama series "Mad Men" and has won a WGA Award for her work on the show.
Biography.
She served as a producer for the first season of "Mad Men" and co-wrote two episodes of the season. Alongside her colleagues on the writing staff she won a Writers Guild of America Award for Best New Series and was nominated for the award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2008 ceremony for her work on the season. She returned as a supervising producer for the second season and continued to write episodes. She was nominated for the WGA award for Best Dramatic Series a second time at the February 2009 ceremony for her work on the second season. She won the WGA Award for Best Drama Series (after being nominated for the third consecutive year) at the February 2010 ceremony for her work on the third season.
Some of Albert's other television writing credits include "The Cosby Show", "My Sister Sam", "Mr. Belvedere", "Major Dad", "Murphy Brown", "Living Single" and "Suddenly Susan".
Lisa graduated from Swarthmore College in 1981. She was an honors graduate in English Literature.

</doc>
<doc id="18844446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844446" title="Susana Malcorra">
Susana Malcorra

Susana Malcorra (born in 1954, Argentina) is the current United Nations Chef de Cabinet to the Executive Office. She was appointed by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in March 2012.
Biography.
Previously, she served as the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Field Support. She was appointed by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in March 2008. Prior to that, she was the Chief Operating Officer and Deputy Executive Director of the World Food Programme, where she oversaw daily emergency and humanitarian operations in more than 80 countries. During the tsunami emergency in December 2004, she led the first phase of the operational response and mustered human resources, budget, finance, information, technology, telecommunications, administration and security to deal with the disaster. 
She has more than 25 years' experience in the private sector before joining the WFP. 
She started her career in IBM Argentina in 1979. During the fourteen years in the company held different positions ending as the Branch Manager for Public Sector and Services. She was assigned to Headquarters during 1986 as part of the Management Development Programme. She left the IBM Argentina in January 1993 to join Telecom Argentina.
During his tenure in Telecom Argentina she held different operational responsibilities from Regional Manager, Head of the Mass Market Unit to Chief Operating Officer. In 2001 she was appointed Chief Executive Officer (CEO).
Malcorra graduated as an Electrical Engineer from the University of Rosario, in Rosario, Argentina.
She's married and has one son.

</doc>
<doc id="18844452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844452" title="1991 North Indian Ocean cyclone season">
1991 North Indian Ocean cyclone season

The 1991 North Indian Ocean Cyclone season was the period in which tropical cyclones formed to the north of the equator in the Indian ocean. During the season tropical cyclones were monitored by the India Meteorological Department (IMD) and the Joint Typhoon Warning Center. The IMD assigned all depressions that it monitored with BOB followed by a number in numerical order. The JTWC also assigned a number and either the letter A or B depending on where the depression was when the first advisory was issued.
During the year there were eight depressions that were monitored by the IMD while the JTWC monitored four during the year of which one was not monitored by the IMD. The first cyclone of the year formed on January 17 and had little effect on ships that were moving through the Arabian sea to take part in the Gulf War. The deadliest cyclone during the year was Super Cyclonic Storm BOB 01 which killed over 138,000 people.
__TOC__
Storms.
Tropical Storm 01A.
During January 14, the JTWC started to monitor an area of convection that had developed within the near equatorial trough of low pressure, about 900 km (560 mi) to the southeast of Colombo, Sri Lanka. Over the next couple of days the disturbance moved towards the northwest under the subtropical ridge of pressure, before early on January 17, the JTWC noticed a steady increase in deep convection and issued a tropical cyclone formation alert. Later that day the JTWC initiated advisories as the disturbance had intensified into a tropical storm and designated it as Cyclone 01A. As the Cyclone was suffering from being in an area of strong vertical wind shear it was not able to intensify past minimal tropical storm strength of 65 km/h, (40 mph). During the next couple of days, strong upper level winds stripped deep convection away from the center with the JTWC downgrading the cyclone to a tropical depression early on January 19. The remaining low level circulation center slowly dissipated with the JTWC issuing their final advisory early the next day.
The cyclone posed a direct threat to allied forces, which were operating in the Arabian Sea, Persian Gulf and the Red Sea, in the build up to the Gulf war. However it was not a significant factor in the build up to the Gulf war and due to it low latitude track and weak intensity it had little effect on ships steaming to the Middle East. As a result of the cyclone remaining out to sea there was no reported impact to land.
Super Cyclonic Storm BOB 01.
Cyclone Two hit Bangladesh on April 29 as a strong cyclone. It brought a tremendous storm surge and massive wind damage, resulting in the deaths of over 138,000 people. Cyclone 2B was the deadliest cyclone on Earth since the 1970 Bhola Cyclone. It also destroyed an estimated 1 million homes, leaving as many as 10 million people (a substantial portion of the country's population) homeless.
Cyclonic Storm BOB 02.
On May 30, exactly a month after the previous storm, a tropical storm formed in the Bay of Bengal. It moved north-northeastward and strengthened to a 60 mph tropical storm on June 2, shortly before it hit nearly the same place as 02B did in the Bangladesh region. It dissipated the next day, only to disrupt relief efforts. Fortunately, it caused no reported fatalities due to the well-executed warnings.
Depression BOB 04.
Early on August 22, reported that Depression BOB 04 had formed about 160 km (100 mi), to the southeast of Balasore, India. As the depression moved towards northwest, it failed to intensify any further. The depression made landfall in the Indian state of Orissa later that day and maintained its identity until it weakened into a low pressure area early on August 26. The depression's windspeeds were estimated to have peaked at 45 km/h (30 mph), whilst the lowest pressure recorded was 992 hPa.
Cyclonic Storm BOB 08.
The final storm of the season, which formed in the eastern Bay of Bengal on November 9, hit eastern India as a 45 mph tropical storm on the 15th. It dissipated the next day over the country.
The Cyclonic storm brought torrential rain and flash floods across southern India when it made landfall. Twenty-four hour rainfall totaled at Karaikal. As a direct result of the flooding at least 40 people died.

</doc>
<doc id="18844457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844457" title="2001 Heineken Open">
2001 Heineken Open

The 2001 Heineken Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the ASB Tennis Centre in Auckland in New Zealand and was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from January 8 through January 15, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18844498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844498" title="Paul Taylor (Winger)">
Paul Taylor (Winger)

Paul Taylor (born June 4, 1960, San Francisco, California), formerly credited as Paul Horowitz, is an American musician, who is best known as the guitarist/keyboardist with the 1980s and early 90s glam metal band, Winger (1987–92, 2001–03). Although he is perhaps most frequently associated with Winger, Taylor has also played with numerous other prominent musicians, including future Sammy Hagar and Boston guitarist Gary Pihl (in his early days), Eric Martin (solo artist and future Mr. Big frontman), Aldo Nova, Steve Perry of Journey, Alice Cooper and Tommy Shaw.
Taylor experienced his first mainstream success in the early 80s as the touring keyboardist in Canadian musician Aldo Nova's backing band, and he appears in the music video for Nova's biggest hit, "Fantasy."
Prior to forming Winger, Taylor and Kip Winger were both playing with Alice Cooper's backing band on the tours for Cooper's mid-80s albums, "Constrictor" and "Raise Your Fist and Yell". During this time, the two began composing songs together and, while on break from touring, recorded what would become the first Winger demos. Whereas Kip left Alice's band prior to the European leg of the 1987 tour, Paul remained on board for the European dates. However, in the midst of touring Europe, Paul received a call from Kip, who had been working with future Winger lead guitarist Reb Beach recording more demos in New York, informing him that he had gotten a record deal. After the European tour was finished, Paul flew straight back to New York, and the Winger project (initially known as "Sahara") began rehearsing and recording their debut album.
Taylor remained in Winger throughout the band's most successful period, which included the two smash albums, "Winger" and "In the Heart of the Young". However, after the tour supporting the latter album ended in 1991, Taylor left the band, citing exhaustion and a desire to write and get involved with other projects.
Throughout the 1990s, Taylor immersed himself in numerous other projects, perhaps the most prolific of which was recording and touring with Steve Perry for his 1994 solo album. In 1998, he returned to the Alice Cooper band (this time, alongside fellow former Winger guitarist Reb Beach), and once that tour ended, he embarked on a brief tour with Tommy Shaw.
Winger reunited in 2001 to record new material for a "Greatest Hits" album. Although it is unclear whether Taylor participated in these recording sessions, he did later join the band on the supporting tour.
Though Paul was asked by Kip Winger to rejoin the band again to work on their 2006 reunion album, he declined because he was already involved with other projects.
More recently, Taylor has become involved in composing music for television series programs and has also been pursuing his passion for photography. He also spent the summer months of 2012 touring with Cinderella throughout the U.S. playing keyboards for them.

</doc>
<doc id="18844513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844513" title="1993 North Indian Ocean cyclone season">
1993 North Indian Ocean cyclone season

The 1993 North Indian Ocean cyclone season was the period in which tropical cyclones formed within the north Indian ocean. The season has no official bounds but cyclones tend to form within this basin between April and December. There are two main seas in the North Indian Ocean — the Bay of Bengal to the east of the Indian subcontinent and the Arabian Sea to the west of India. The official Regional Specialized Meteorological Centre in this basin is the India Meteorological Department (IMD), while the Joint Typhoon Warning Center releases unofficial advisories. An average of four to six storms form in the North Indian Ocean every season with peaks in May and November. Cyclones occurring between the meridans 45°E and 100°E are included in the season by the IMD.
__TOC__
Season summary.
Very Severe Cyclonic Storm ARB 01/02.
On November 5, an area of convection organized into a tropical depression southwest of the southern tip of India. After moving towards the coast, it turned to the west, finally becoming a tropical storm on the 12th when it reached a favorable environment. After attaining cyclone strength on the 13th, it reached a peak of 90 mph winds. High vertical shear caused it to dissipate on the 16th over open waters.
A category 1 hurricane, it weakened over the sea near Sindh border due to high wind shear. However it caused massive rainfall and flooding in Karachi, Pakistan but Thatta and Badin districts were the worst affected where the cyclone killed 609 people and displaced some 200,000 others.
Very Severe Cyclonic Storm BOB 03.
A disturbance over the South China Sea developed into a tropical depression on November 27. It crossed the Malay Peninsula, slowly organizing into a tropical storm on the 1st. The storm continued westward, became a cyclone on the 3rd, and hit eastern India on the 4th. Cyclone Two weakened as it crossed the country, and dissipated on the 5th over the Arabian Sea.
Deep Depression BOB 04.
On December 16, the remnant low of Typhoon Manny entered the Indian Ocean. The weak low pressure area regenerated into Deep Depression Bob 04.

</doc>
<doc id="18844548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844548" title="Kilford">
Kilford

Killy Kilford (born 1975 in England) is a British painter and installation artist based in New York City. Known for painting live on stage with musicians during their performances and the public installation of "Happy Street Signs".
Live Music Painting.
Kilford’s paintings are physical representations of music based on the colours he sees when he hears music. Kilford's live music paintings are created live alongside musicians during their performances. The creation of the painting starts at the first note of the performance and ends on the last note.
Kilford is the first painter to paint live on stage at Knebworth, he has painted live alongside a wide range of musicians including Baaba Maal, Iggy Pop, Paul Weller, I Blame Coco, Buena Vista Social Club, Robert Plant, Damon Albarn, The Black Eyed Peas, Brian Eno, Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros, The Magic Numbers, Saint Etienne, Cerys Matthews, Deep Purple, Status Quo and The Charlatans, Ras Kwame, Tom Hodge, I Blame Coco, Akala, Alice Russell, Pendulum, Skunk Anansie, Rotten Hill Gang, Feeder, The Woodentops, Ernest Ranglin, The Vaccines, Jonathan Batiste, Noah Francis and Wu Tang Clan amongst others.
Kilford curated a monthly live music painting installation called “One Love” where people could experience great live music being painted up close and live.
The first One Love installation “One Love #1” took place 15 February 2010 and continued every 3rd Monday of the month at The Social in London for 13 months. Bands that played at One Love to date include Siskin, The Speak and Spells, John & Jehn, Angrydan!, Pope Joan, The Woodentops, Dan Clews, Tallulah Rendell, Stairs To Korea, Kurtz, Eliza Newman, Fran & Josh, Akala, Vices, Scarlette Fever, Laurel Collective, Claire Nicolson, Rachael Sage, Swami, King Charles, Gwenno, Left Step Band, Zarif, Alexander Wolfe, Charlene Soraia and Missing Andy.
Happy Street Signs.
Kilford moved to New York City in 2013 and was inspired by the street signs. Kilford began creating large paintings of street signs but modified them to project positive messages, the paintings were then used to design and manufacture Happy Street Signs to government specification.
On Tuesday 12 November 2013 Kilford curated an installation of 200 Happy Street Signs in Lower Manhattan and Williamsburg. 60 volunteers were involved with the installation which included surveying pedestrians in order to document the reaction from the public. Kilford believes that positive reinforcement via Happy Street Signs enables enhanced government communication which will contribute to a subtle, measurable increase in happiness. "If you see sign that says something different or unexpected, for example ‘honk less, love more,’ that will trigger a reaction, ideally a smile. If we can make people smile, then holistically, over time, that will start to increase…their level of happiness.”
Each Happy Street Sign displays "Dept of Well Being" at the bottom which is a fictitious government department. Kilford says " the City (New York City) needs a department designed to make us happier" and the results of the survey will provide statistics to prove it. Kilford has previously worked with the Office for National Statistics (British Government) who are responsible for the Measuring National Well Being Programme, a programme that measures well being in the United Kingdom.
Early work.
Although Kilford’s early work was created within the context of music, it had a strong focus on fusing fashion and art. For Kilford’s first public installation he installed a catwalk in the Burj Al Arab Hotel in Dubai and showed 30 paintings using models to carry each painting down the catwalk.
Following this, Kilford’s donated painting sold at Elton John's White Tie and Tiara Ball in Cape Town. It was at this point that EJAF inspired the collaboration between Kilford and South African fashion designer Gavin Rajah. The pair worked on a number of projects, the most significant being the creation of an annual South African charitable event called Positive. Positive was conceptualized by Kilford and Rajah with a view to bringing art, music and fashion together as one to help combat AIDS. Sponsored by Sun International Hotels the event helps fund The Tapologo Aids Hospice which was founded by Bishop Kevin Dowling of the Catholic Diocese of Rustenburg.
The first Positive event took place 8 to 11 June 2006 at Sun City and incorporated fashion shows by Versace, Roberto Cavalli, Valentino as well as a headlining performance from SEAL. Kilford curated two exhibitions, during the event, the main exhibition called “Hope Healing and Compassion” including over 110 South African artists. The second exhibition was the ‘Wall of Hope’, this included a number of small paintings created by a wide range of leading bands, celebrities and children from the Tapologo AIDS Hospice on the subject of “Hope”.
Kilford is no longer involved with Positive.

</doc>
<doc id="18844554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844554" title="1994 North Indian Ocean cyclone season">
1994 North Indian Ocean cyclone season

The 1994 North Indian Ocean cyclone season was the period in which tropical cyclones formed within the north Indian ocean. The season has no official bounds but cyclones tend to form within this basin between April and December. There are two main seas in the North Indian Ocean — the Bay of Bengal to the east of the Indian subcontinent and the Arabian Sea to the west of India. The official Regional Specialized Meteorological Centre in this basin is the India Meteorological Department (IMD), while the Joint Typhoon Warning Center releases unofficial advisories. An average of four to six storms form in the North Indian Ocean every season with peaks in May and November. Cyclones occurring between the meridans 45°E and 100°E are included in the season by the IMD.
__TOC__
Storms.
Tropical Storm One (1B).
On March 18, a disturbance became Tropical Depression 01B in the southeastern Bay of Bengal, just north of Sumatra. It tracked northwestward, becoming a tropical storm on the 22nd before turning southward and dissipating on the 25th.
Very Severe Cyclonic Storm BOB 01.
A tropical depression formed in the southeastern Bay of Bengal on April 26. It followed a path and intensity very similar to the 1991 Bangladesh Cyclone, and became a tropical storm on the 29th. On the 30th it became a cyclone while turning north-northeastward, and on May 2 the cyclone reached a peak of 145 mph winds. It weakened to a 130 mph cyclone before hitting near the Bangladesh/Myanmar border later that day. Massive evacuation efforts and minor storm surge due to a low tide led to 285 casualties, a fraction of the similar 1991 cyclone that killed 138,000. It still caused flooding amounting to $125 million (1994 USD).
Severe Cyclonic Storm ARB 02.
On June 5, a surface low organized into a tropical depression over western India. It moved to the west, becoming a tropical storm on the 7th and reached a peak of 50 mph later that day. The storm steadily weakened before dissipating over Oman on the 9th.
Severe Cyclonic Storm BOB 03.
A tropical disturbance developed into a tropical depression over the western Bay of Bengal on October 28. It headed slowly westward, reaching tropical storm strength and a peak of 50 mph before hitting India and dissipating on the 31st.
Very Severe Cyclonic Storm ARB 04.
An area of convection consolidated into Tropical Depression 5A on November 13 in the Arabian Sea. After moving northwestward, it turned to the west-southwest, strengthening to a tropical storm on the 16th and reaching a peak of 65 mph winds before hitting Somalia and dissipating on the 20th.
There were 30 deaths in Somalia.

</doc>
<doc id="18844556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844556" title="Chen Longcan">
Chen Longcan

Chen Longcan (Chinese: 陈龙灿; born March 21, 1965) is a male Chinese table tennis player. He won the 1988 Seoul Olympic Games in the men's doubles with Wei Qingguang.

</doc>
<doc id="18844557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844557" title="Prefecture Apostolic of Kwango">
Prefecture Apostolic of Kwango

The Roman Catholic Prefecture Apostolic of Kwango was a mission territory in Central Africa set up at the end of the nineteenth century. In 1931 it became the Apostolic vicariate of Kisantu, and later, in 1959, the diocese of Kisantu.
The Kwango River flows into the Kassai River, which itself is a tributary of the River Congo. This mission ("Missio Kwangensis") formed a part of the Vicariate Apostolic of Belgian Congo till April, 1892, when a decree was issued, entrusting this new mission to the Jesuit Fathers of the Belgian province. 
Emile van Hencxthoven (1852–1906) was its first superior. He left Belgium on 6 March 1893 with two priests, one scholastic, and two lay brothers, and reached the mission towards the end of May. One of the priests died on the way. By decree of 30 January 1903, the Kwango mission was made a prefecture Apostolic ("Præfectura Apostolica Kwangensis"), the first prefect Apostolic being Father Julian Banckaert, with residence at Kisantu, the chief mission station. 
The prefecture comprised the civil districts of Eastern Kwango and that of Stanley Pool as far to the north as the River Kassai. It was located between 4° to 8° S. latitude and 15° to 20° E. longitude. Its boundaries were to the north the river Kassai, to the east the range of hills between the Rivers Loange and D'Juma; to the south Portuguese territory; to the west the River Inkisi and the railway to Leopoldville. 
The sisters of Notre Dame de Namur had educational institutions for girls at Kisantu and Lemfu. 
Jesuit father Julian Banckaert was born at Bruges (Belgium) in 1847, entered the diocesan seminary, and was ordained in 1871. He joined the Society of Jesus in 1875 and was sent to Bengal in 1878. There he was successively a missionary, superior of the mission, and military chaplain until, in 1901, he was sent to the Kwango mission.

</doc>
<doc id="18844587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844587" title="Hubbard Hall">
Hubbard Hall

Hubbard Hall can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18844592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844592" title="Far Realm">
Far Realm

The Far Realm is a plane found in various settings in the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
Creative origins.
The Far Realm is a mix of horror, madness, and Lovecraftian geometries.
The Far Realm and many of the creatures therein are influenced by the works of H. P. Lovecraft. The Far Realm is particularly inspired by Lovecraft stories like "Through the Gates of the Silver Key."
Publication history.
The Far Realm was introduced in the second edition "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" adventure module "The Gates of Firestorm Peak" (1996) written by Bruce Cordell. The adventure featured creatures from the Far Realm appearing through a portal. Energies from the Far Realm were twisting the land around the portal as well. James Jacobs later described it as an "adventure with a distinctly Lovecraftian feel", noting that "Deep inside Firestorm Peak lies a portal to an insidious region beyond sanity and light known only as the Far Realm, and the unknowable but hostile entities of this hideous region prepare to pass through into the world."
In third edition, the Far Realm was incorporated into the Realm of Xoriat in the Eberron campaign setting.
In fourth edition, members of the Warlock class can forge a pact (called the Starpact) with the entities from or near the Far Realm in order to gain power. The Far Realm's association with the new setting has been detailed in various supplements.
Description.
The Far Realm contains an infinite number of layers, these layers range from inches thick to miles, and it is often possible to perceive multiple layers simultaneously. These layers can grow, spawn further layers, breathe and possibly die.
The Far Realm is home to many powerful and unspeakable beings ripped from the nightmares of the darkest minds of the waking world, beings so unfathomable that their very existence is a perversion of reality itself. These beings are governed by lords of unimaginable power and knowledge completely alien. The Far Realm is a plane far outside the others and often not included in the standard cosmology. It is sometimes referred to simply as "Outside", because in many cosmologies it is literally outside reality as mortals understand it.
Fourth edition.
An anomalous plane, the Far Realm is bizarre and maddening. Creatures native to or connected with the Far Realm have the aberrant origin. Distant stars have been driven mad by proximity to the Far Realm, resulting in the abominations known as starspawn. The Far Realm also breaks into reality at various points in the Underdark, leading to the rise of the aboleth and mind flayer empires. Natural humanoids tainted by the Far Realm are known as foulspawn. The Far Realm was originally sealed off from reality by a construction known as the Living Gate, which lay at the top of the Astral Sea. The Living Gate awoke and opened during the Dawn War between the gods and primordials, and was destroyed in the same war, thus allowing the Far Realm to break into the "D&D" universe. Psionics are believed to have developed as a means to fight the Far Realm, in the same way that a body develops antibodies to fight an infection.
Inhabitants.
Many of the Far Realm's inhabitants are too vast and inchoate to even notice visitors to their domain. Others take an interest in mortals, communicating with them through the veil between realms and sponsoring magic-users called alienists.
Gibberlings, gibbering mouthers, illithids (mind flayers), kaortis, uvuudaums, grell, wystes, foulspawn, and other aberrant creatures have their origins in the Far Realm.

</doc>
<doc id="18844605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844605" title="Montenegrina cattaroensis">
Montenegrina cattaroensis

Montenegrina cattaroensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails, all of which have a clausilium.
Distribution and conservation status.
This species is not listed in the IUCN Red List and not evaluated (NE)
The species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="18844608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844608" title="Karoo System">
Karoo System

The Karoo System or Karoo Sequence, is a geologic system of rock formations covering 1 500 000 square km and extending from the Equator south to the Cape of Good Hope. The Karoo System spans a period of about 100 million years, starting from the Permian or Carboniferous Period (c300 million years ago) to the Late Triassic Epoch (228-200 million years ago).
The geology of the Great Karoo consists largely of horizontally-bedded shales and sandstones. Their uniformly level appearance is broken only by numerous igneous intrusions of dolerite dykes and sills producing the characteristic Karoo hills. Along the south-western and southern edges of the ancient basin, the massive ranges of the Cape System are prominent boundary features. In the south-west the Cederberg and Cold Bokkeveld ranges stretch for some 800 km to the Gamtoos River. 
This vast inland plateau is at an elevation of between 600 and 1350 metres. Underground brackish water is accessible to stock-farmers by drilling of boreholes and the erection of windpumps. Soils are generally fertile though shallow, yielding good crops, especially along river-banks. 

</doc>
<doc id="18844615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844615" title="2002 Heineken Open">
2002 Heineken Open

The 2002 Heineken Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the ASB Tennis Centre in Auckland in New Zealand and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from January 7 through January 13, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18844678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844678" title="Ng Tat Wai">
Ng Tat Wai

Ng Tat Wai (born September 5, 1947 in Penang) was one of the top badminton players during the 1970s. A right-handed doubles player, Tat Wai had represented and won medals for Malaysia in various tournament including the Thomas Cup, Commonwealth Games, Asian Games and Southeast Asian Games. During his student years in England, Tat Wai played and won several County open tournaments.
Currently Tat Wai stays in Penang and devotes his time in training.

</doc>
<doc id="18844679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844679" title="Tesla (car)">
Tesla (car)

Tesla (car) may mean

</doc>
<doc id="18844688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844688" title="SMD">
SMD

SMD or smd may refer to:
Codes.
SMD is:

</doc>
<doc id="18844692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844692" title="Hemopericardium">
Hemopericardium

Hemopericardium refers to blood in the pericardial sac of the heart. It is clinically similar to a pericardial effusion, and, depending on the volume and rapidity with which it develops, may cause cardiac tamponade.
The condition can be caused by full-thickness necrosis (death) of the myocardium (heart muscle) after myocardial infarction, as well as trauma, and in patients receiving anticoagulants. Other causes include ruptured aneurysm of sinus of Valsalva and other aneurysms of the aortic arch.

</doc>
<doc id="18844708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844708" title="Mountaineer (disambiguation)">
Mountaineer (disambiguation)

Mountaineer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18844715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844715" title="USS Errol (AG-133)">
USS Errol (AG-133)

USS "Errol" (AG-133/AKL-4) was a "Camano"-class cargo ship constructed for the U.S. Army as USA "FS-274" shortly before the end of World War II and later acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1947. She was configured as a transport and cargo ship and was assigned to serve the World War II Trust Territories in the Pacific Ocean.
Built on Long Island, New York.
"Errol" (AG-133) was built in 1944 by Wheeler Shipbuilding Corp., Whitestone, Long Island, New York, for the U.S. Army as USAT "FS-274"; acquired by the Navy 3 April 1947; and commissioned 9 July 1947, Lieutenant R. Q. June in command. She was reclassified "AKL-4" on 31 March 1949.
Service in the Trust Territory of the Pacific.
Commissioned at Guam, "Errol" throughout her naval service carried passengers and cargo among American islands and those of the Trust Territory of the Pacific, calling at Guam, Saipan, Tinian, Truk, the Palau Islands, Ulithi, Chichi Jima, Kwajalein, Pagan Island, Agrihan, and smaller islands in the Caroline Islands. 
From September to December 1949 she was overhauled at Pearl Harbor, the only interruption to her constant operations in the Pacific.
Transfer to Department of the Interior.
She was decommissioned 31 July 1951, and lent to the U.S. Department of the Interior for similar duty the same day. On 29 January 1952 her transfer to the Department of the Interior was made permanent.
Her subsequent fate is not known.

</doc>
<doc id="18844718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844718" title="Emil Adolf Rossmässler">
Emil Adolf Rossmässler

Emil Adolf Rossmässler ("Emil Adolf Roßmäßler", "Emil Adolph Roßmäßler") (* March 3, 1806 in Leipzig, † April 8, 1867) was a German biologist.

</doc>
<doc id="18844721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844721" title="Slovenský Zväz Rádioamatérov">
Slovenský Zväz Rádioamatérov

The Slovenský Zväz Rádioamatérov (SZR) (in English, Slovak Amateur Radio Association) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Slovakia. Key membership benefits of the SZR include the sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards, radio contests, and a QSL bureau for members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries. SZR represents the interests of Slovakian amateur radio operators before Slovak Republic and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. SZR also supports local competitions in Amateur Radio Direction Finding as well as a national team that travels to regional and world championship events. SZR publishes a membership magazine called "Rádiožurnál SZR". SZR is the national member society representing the Slovak Republic in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18844727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844727" title="Never Shout Never">
Never Shout Never

Never Shout Never is an American Indie Rock band formed in Joplin, Missouri in 2007. The group have released five full-length albums and nine EPs. The name "Never Shout Never" originally referred exclusively to Christofer Drew Ingle until the touring band, previously referred to as "The Shout", joined Ingle to form "Never Shout Never" as a band with Ingle as front man.
History.
2007-08: Early career.
Christofer Drew Ingle began making music under the alias "nevershoutnever!" in 2007 (age 16). His first exposure came through the internet, where he achieved success on Myspace before issuing the extended play, "The Yippee EP" on July 29, 2008. On July 30, 2008, he was featured on TRL, where he performed his single "Bigcitydreams." He toured with Hellogoodbye and Ace Enders in the fall of 2008.
As of November 17, 2008, the official spelling of Ingle's alias became "NeverShoutNever!". The spelling was updated on iTunes and his management company's site. An official statement regarding the reason behind the spelling change was not made available. NeverShoutNever! started touring with The Scene Aesthetic, The Honorary Title, and The Bigger Lights in late February 2009 and then toured with bands such as Forever the Sickest Kids, The Cab, We the Kings, and Mercy Mercedes, among others in spring 2009 as part of The Bamboozle Roadshow 2009. He played at both The Bamboozle Left 2009 and The Bamboozle 2009.
2009-10: Warner Bros. signing and "What Is Love".
It was announced on May 29, 2009, that Ingle had signed to Warner Bros. Records, ending a major-label bidding war. As part of the deal, Ingle runs and make releases on his own imprint label, Loveway Records. Ingle's alias became officially stylized as "Never Shout Never". "The Summer" was Ingle's first release under Warner Bros. and was released on June 23, 2009. The first single from the EP, titled "Happy," was released on iTunes on March 3, 2009.
A self-titled EP, Never Shout Never was released in December 2009 and featured two songs from his upcoming debut album (What Is Love and Jane Doe), a re-recorded version of a song from "The Yippee EP" (She's Got Style), and a live version of a song from "The Yippee EP" (Big City Dreams). The debut album from Never Shout Never, "What Is Love?", was produced by Butch Walker and released in January 2010. Never Shout Never performed on the Vans Warped Tour 2010, which toured all over the United States.
2010-11: "Harmony" and "Time Travel".
Never Shout Never headlined their first Warped Tour in Summer of 2010. Never Shout Never's second full length album, "Harmony", was released in August 2010. In October and November 2010, Never Shout Never co-headlined the Harmony Tour, where they had fans gather can foods to help those in need. As a gift to the fans, Never Shout Never and The Maine released a live split EP. The split EP was made available for free download on Never Shout Never's website.
The band's hometown, Joplin, Missouri, was heavily damaged by a tornado on May 22, 2011. Following the destruction, Ingle began a relief fund with United Way to raise $1 million for his hometown. To raise awareness about the devastation of Joplin, Ingle took video footage of the destruction and posted it on YouTube on June 1, 2011. The video, which features the song "Time Travel", encouraged viewers to donate to the relief of the town via his United Way fund.
Never Shout Never's third full-length album, "Time Travel" was released on September 20, 2011.
2012: BryanStars incident and "Indigo".
On June 3, 2012, Never Shout Never was interviewed by BryanStars, in an interview that was being covered by the New York Times. About halfway through the interview, Ingle cut Bryan off, calling his show "a joke" and his questions "bullshit". As a result, the band ended the interview, and BryanStars was in tears because of it. An outpour of support for BryanStars happened as a result, and many musicians shared their words of support including Kellin Quinn of Sleeping with Sirens. In a Stickam broadcast, he had said he had felt bad that he made him cry. Ingle later admitted that he had taken acid earlier the day of the interview. Ingle was arrested the same day for possession of marijuana.
Ingle first revealed the title of their fourth studio album in an interview with Alter The Press! on May 8, 2012, and on September 20, via his Twitter account, he announced the release date of his new album "Indigo". Never Shout Never's fourth full-length album, "Indigo" was released November 13, 2012. It debuted at a disappointing 194 on the Billboard 200, a steep decline from their previous high of 14. They toured the US on the Indigo tour in late 2012.
2013-present: "Sunflower".
During 2013, Never Shout Never went back onto the Warped Tour lineup after a three-year break. During the Warped Tour, Ingle had also teamed with BandHappy, an organization in which experienced musicians taught amateurs how to reach success. He had led a workshop in which a limited amount of fans could ask questions and learn from him, with the addition of a one-on-one meet and greet. Never Shout Never released their fifth album, under the name of 'Sunflower', on July 2, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18844751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844751" title="Arrowsmith School">
Arrowsmith School

The Arrowsmith School is a school for children with learning disabilities. Its Director and founder is Barbara Arrowsmith Young, who claims she fixed her own learning disabilities with the principles she now teaches. The original Arrowsmith school in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, was founded in 1980, and a second location was opened in October 2009 in Peterborough, Ontario. The school's philosophy and methods, called the Arrowsmith Program, have been incorporated in other public and private schools in Canada and the United States.
Instructional methods.
Instead of teaching coping skills, the Arrowsmith School methods exercise weak sections of the brain, which is claimed to result in the correction of learning disabilities based on the theory of neuroplasticity.
Skepticism and criticism.
A lot of doubt and criticism has emerged, including from psychologists, neurologists and learning experts, on the credibility of the Arrowsmith program; especially given the lack of evidence of change in learning skills as well as the extremely high costs. [http://www.theglobeandmail.com/technology/science/brain/can-a-controversial-learning-program-transform-brains/article7871918/][http://www.theage.com.au/national/education/experts-question-arrowsmith-learning-program-20121103-28qcc.html][http://www.smh.com.au/nsw/proof-hurdle-for-brain-training-20121215-2bgaz.html][https://theconversation.com/brain-training-or-learning-as-we-like-to-call-it-9951][http://blogs.vancouversun.com/2008/12/29/legal-clash-over-arrowsmith-documentary/]
Professor Anne Castles, deputy director of the ARC Centre of Excellence in Cognition and its Disorders at Macquarie University Australia, says there is "a clear lack of independent research to support the program's claims", and no study has been published in a peer-reviewed journal on the Arrowsmith program.

</doc>
<doc id="18844765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844765" title="Harrisons F.C.">
Harrisons F.C.

Harrisons F.C. is a defunct football club from Great Wyrley, Staffordshire, England, formerly members of the West Midlands (Regional) League.
Previously members of the Staffordshire County League (South), they moved up to the West Midlands Regional League in 1982 initially playing in Division Two. They finished runners-up in their first season, gaining promotion to Division One. They won that, in 1984–85 earning another promotion to the Premier Division. After a good first season (finishing fourth), they were never again able to finish in the top half of the division. After playing the 1992–93 season under the name "Harrisons S T S", they withdrew from senior football in 1990, although some junior sides and Sunday teams carried on playing under the Harrisons name.
The club also placed a reserve side in the West Midlands (Regional) League Division Two from 1984 to 1990.
Harrisons played in the FA Cup on two occasions, failing to win a match on either occasion. They had marginally more success in the FA Vase, entering in four seasons with a best performance of making the Second Round (last 64) in their final appearance before their demise.
Their ground, in Hazel Lane, Great Wyrley (situated opposite the ground used by Great Wyrley F.C.) was vandalised in the late 1990s and all permanent structures were removed, although the pitch remains in use. Wyrley Juniors FC have a long term lease of the ground and they have plans to bring it back to life

</doc>
<doc id="18844780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844780" title="Hunter Enis">
Hunter Enis

George Hunter Enis (born December 10, 1936 in Fort Worth, Texas) is a former American collegiate and Professional Football quarterback who played for three seasons in the American Football League. He played for the Dallas Texans in 1960, the San Diego Chargers in 1961, and the Oakland Raiders and the Denver Broncos in 1962. He played college football at Texas Christian University, and currently serves on their Board of Trustees.
External links.
Pro Football Reference

</doc>
<doc id="18844791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844791" title="Alessandro Parisi">
Alessandro Parisi

Alessandro Parisi (born 15 April 1977, Palermo, Sicily) is an Italian footballer.
He played for the Sicilian clubs Palermo, Trapani, and Messina for 8 seasons. He also played 5 seasons on the Italian peninsula. He scored 14 goals in Serie B for Messina in the 2003–04 season. He made his Serie A debut next season, on 12 September 2004, against Parma F.C. He made his national debut on 17 November of the same year, in a friendly match against Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="18844804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844804" title="United States Army Biological Warfare Laboratories">
United States Army Biological Warfare Laboratories

The U.S. Army Biological Warfare Laboratories (USBWL) were a suite of research laboratories and pilot plant centers operating at Camp (later Fort) Detrick, Maryland, USA beginning in 1943 under the control of the U.S. Army Chemical Corps Research and Development Command. The USBWL undertook pioneering research and development into biocontainment, decontamination, gaseous sterilization, and agent production and purification for the U.S. offensive biological warfare program. The Laboratories and their projects were discontinued in 1969.
History.
Origins.
The USBWL were created after Secretary of War Henry L. Stimson requested the National Academy of Sciences (NAS) in 1941 to review the feasibility of biological warfare (BW). The following year, the NAS reported that BW might be feasible and recommended that steps be taken to reduce U.S. vulnerability to BW attack. Thereafter, the official policy of the United States was first to deter the use of BW against U.S. forces, and secondarily to retaliate if deterrence failed.
World War II.
Throughout the war years, Dr Ira L. Baldwin, professor of bacteriology at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, was scientific director of the Laboratories.
Cold War.
The USBWL were the United States' front-line defense against BW during the first half of the Cold War.
Disestablishment.
In 1969, the USBWL ceased to exist when President Richard Nixon disestablished all offensive BW studies and directed the destruction of all stock piles of BW agents and munitions.
Operations.
At Fort Detrick, the USBWL consisted of various labs and divisions, including:
The USBWL was also a parent facility overseeing testing and production centers elsewhere, including:
Work-related deaths.
Three deaths related to occupational bio-agent exposures occurred during the USBWL program. (Additionally, an unnamed lieutenant died in a pump explosion in Building 201 in 1943.)
The Army made details of these deaths public in 1975.
Reunions.
The "Fort Detrick Reunion Group" met most years between 1991 and 2008 when they disbanded for lack of participants. When they met at Nallin Pond in 1994, their numbers peaked at 400, consisting of a diverse group of USBWL participants, ranging from animal caretakers to top scientists.

</doc>
<doc id="18844817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844817" title="Goraždevac murders">
Goraždevac murders

The Goraždevac murders is the name of a shooting that occurred on 13 August 2003, when six ethnic Serbs, mostly children, were shot in the town of Goraždevac in Kosovo. The attack resulted in two deaths: one adult, one teenage child.
Goraždevac is surrounded by Albanian settlements, making it a Serb enclave, and thus under 24-hour protection from KFOR.
In August 2003, a large group of Serb children from the Serb enclave of Goraždevac, close to Peć, gathered on the banks of the river Bistrica. As the children played and swam in the river, shots were fired from the Albanian village of Zahač. 19-year old Ivan Jovović died instantly, while 13-year old Pantelija Dakić later died in the hospital. 11-year old Marko Bogićević and 15-year old Bogdan Bukumirović were seriously injured, while Dragana Srbljak and Đorđe Ugrenović suffered from minor injuries. The killings were reportedly timed to coincide with the return of over 200 Serb refugees into the town.
Two days after the attack, Serbian Prime Minister Zoran Živković attended the funeral service for the two killed teens and the Serbian government declared 15 August a day of national mourning.
Even though the crime was immediately condemned by the UNMIK, KFOR, Kosovo Albanian officials, the EU, Russia, France and the U.S., the perpetrators were not found. UNMIK Police Commissioner Stefan Feller promised at the time of the murders that he would turn "every stone to find the child killers."

</doc>
<doc id="18844821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844821" title="Larisa Lăcustă">
Larisa Lăcustă

Larisa Lăcustă (born October 24, 1979) is a retired breaststroke and freestyle swimmer from Romania, who has competed in two Summer Olympics for her native country: in 1996 and 2004. She is best known for winning a silver medal at the 1997 FINA Short Course World Championships in Gothenburg, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="18844829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844829" title="Oslo Bus Terminal">
Oslo Bus Terminal

Oslo Bus Terminal () is the main bus station serving Oslo, Norway. Owned by Vaterland AS it is located beside Oslo Central Station and serves local buses to Akershus as well as domestic and international coaches.
Service.
The station was built by the Akershus transit authority Stor-Oslo Lokaltrafikk as a bus station for their routes to Downtown Oslo. The station is five minutes walk from Oslo Central Station as well as the rapid transit station Jernbanetorget and the tram and city bus services at ground on Jernbanetorget. On the east side of the station is a tram station named "Bussterminalen Grønland" that allows the quickest transfers to the Ekeberg Line.

</doc>
<doc id="18844830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844830" title="Juha">
Juha

Juha is a 1999 Finnish film written and directed by Aki Kaurismäki. The film is based on a famous 1911 novel by the Finnish author Juhani Aho marking this as the fourth time the novel was adapted for the screen. The original story takes place in the 18th century but Kaurismäki's remake is set in the 1970s. It tells the story of a love triangle where a simple peasant woman leaves her husband after falling in love with a modern city slicker. "Juha" is a silent film shot in black-and-white with the dialogue coming in the form of intertitles.
Plot.
Marja (Kati Outinen) is a simple peasant woman married to her older husband Juha (Sakari Kuosmanen). They lead a very simple country life, spending most of their days farming and tending to their livestock. Marja's world is turned upside down when Shemeikka (André Wilms) comes to the happily married couple asking them for help with his broken down sports convertible and a place to spend the night. As Juha works to repair the car, Shemeikka attempts to lure Marja to leave Juha and come to the city with him. A hesitant Marja does not want to leave her husband at first but ultimately gives in to temptation after dreaming of a wonderful new life in a big city. Shemeikka and Marja leave for the city but Marja's dream quickly becomes a nightmare when Shemeikka enslaves her in a brothel.

</doc>
<doc id="18844832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844832" title="Thug Love">
Thug Love

Thug Love may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18844844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844844" title="Alison Carroll">
Alison Carroll

Alison Laura Carroll (born 27 March 1985) is an English gymnast, model and actress. She was the Lara Croft model from 2008 to 2010.
Biography.
Carroll was born on 27 March 1985, in Croydon, Surrey, in the United Kingdom. She trained at the Urdang Academy in Musical Theatre and graduated in 2007 with a distinction. Carroll has represented the United Kingdom as a professional display gymnast. She is also a teenagers' gymnastics coach, choreographing the winning junior team at the British National Championships. Since 2007, Carroll has been a registered actress. In August 2008, when working as a receptionist at a golf club, Carroll was announced as the new Lara Croft model for the latest video game featuring the heroine, "". Carroll replaced previous Lara model Karima Adebibe, who retired from the role earlier in the year. Carroll held the position until 2010, and is the final official Lara Croft model, as the use of models has been discontinued for future "Tomb Raider" games.

</doc>
<doc id="18844891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844891" title="Public Diplomacy and Diaspora Affairs Minister of Israel">
Public Diplomacy and Diaspora Affairs Minister of Israel

The Information and Diaspora Minister of Israel is a post in the Israeli cabinet, created in March 2009. Previously there had been both a Minister of Information (1967 to 1969 and 1974 to 1975), a Minister of Social and Disapora Affairs (1999 to 2001 and 2003 to 2006), and a Minister of Diaspora, Society and the Fight Against Antisemitism (2007 until 2009). Between June and November 2005 there was also a Deputy Minister of Social and Diaspora Affairs.
The combination of the portfolios of Information and Diaspora relations emphasized the role of the ministry as one of a number of leading spokespersons for the Israeli government abroad, albeit more directly to the Jewish diaspora in comparison to the general state-to-state diplomacy of the Foreign Minister. 

</doc>
<doc id="18844892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844892" title="List of windmills in Antwerp">
List of windmills in Antwerp

A list of windmills in the Belgian province of Antwerp.

</doc>
<doc id="18844899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844899" title="Daudebardia rufa">
Daudebardia rufa

Daudebardia rufa is a species of air-breathing land snail or semi-slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae, which belongs to the limacoid clade.
"Daudebardia rufa" is the type species of the genus "Daudebardia". This species is a predatory carnivore.
Description.
The length of the body 16-20 mm. The color of the skin is blue-grey.
The shell is perforate, depressed, transversely dilated, slightly striate, very shining, and corneous or rufous in colour. The spire is moderate and sublateral. The shell has 3 whorls. The last whorl in adults is elongated and is not angulated. The aperture is large and has a rounded oval shape. The length of the shell is 5.5 mm.
Distribution.
The distribution of this species is central-European and southern-European.
It includes:

</doc>
<doc id="18844903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844903" title="Alicja Pęczak">
Alicja Pęczak

Alicja Pęczak (born 13 January 1970 in Bydgoszcz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian) is a retired breaststroke and medley swimmer from Poland, who has competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country: in 1992 and 1996. A member of AZS-AWF Gdańsk, she is best known for winning several medals at the FINA Short Course World Championships.
Pęczak was banned for 18 months because of doping use.

</doc>
<doc id="18844906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844906" title="Sandomierz Wilderness">
Sandomierz Wilderness

Sandomierz Wilderness (Polish: "Puszcza Sandomierska") is one of the biggest forests in southern Poland; covering large parts of the Sandomierz Basin. Its name comes from the historical city of Sandomierz, and in the Middle Ages its eastern edge created a natural border between Lesser Poland and Red Ruthenia.
Currently, the once mighty wilderness, which once stretched from Kraków to Lwów, now extends from Tarnobrzeg in the north, to the suburbs of Rzeszów in the south. It is regarded as one of the wildest forested areas of Poland. Among animals living here, one can find various birds, deer, wild pigs, moles, foxes, wolves, snakes, various spiders and insects. The area of the wilderness is 129,115.6 hectares, and it is made mostly of pines. Currently, large parts of the forest are covered by the Natura 2000 network (Natura 2000 Puszcza Sandomierska PLB180005). Sandomierz Wilderness has several small rivers, with the largest one being the Leg, a right tributary of the Vistula. The soil is mostly poor quality podzols. The boundary of the wilderness is marked by four rivers - the Vistula, the San, the Wisloka, and the Wislok. The forest lies within Subcarpathian Voivodeship; its northern part is located in Tarnobrzeg Plain, while in the south it lies in Kolbuszowa Plateau. 
The first modern settlements were established here between the 10th and 12th centuries. During the Mongol invasion of Poland and other Mongol/Tatar raids of the early Kingdom of Poland, residents of Lesser Poland escaped to the dense forest to save themselves from Asiatic hordes. Sandomierz Wilderness remained sparsely populated until the mid-14th century, when King Kazimierz Wielki initiated a program of mass settlement, founding several towns. In the 15th and 16th centuries, northern and central areas of the forest were settled by peasants from overpopulated province of Mazovia. In the 17th century, during the Swedish invasion of Poland, local residents again escaped to the forest from Swedish, Cossack, Tatar and Transilvanian invaders. 
After the Partitions of Poland, the forest became part of Austrian Galicia. In the late 18th and early 19th centuries, Austrian government invited German-speaking settlers (the so-called Josephine Colonization, after Joseph II, Holy Roman Emperor). The wilderness turned into a melting pot, where ethnic Poles from Mazovia and Lesser Poland mixed with Germans, Ukrainians, Tatars, Jews, Vallachians and other nationalities. Several local villages were named after different ethnic groups: Rusiny, Moskale, Mazury, Wolochy, Szwedy, Turki, Tatary. In the late 19th century, inhabitants of the wilderness began to call themselves Lasowiacy (or Lesioki). 

</doc>
<doc id="18844933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844933" title="Corpus Speculorum Etruscorum">
Corpus Speculorum Etruscorum

Corpus Speculorum Etruscorum is an international project with the goal to publish all existing Etruscan bronze mirrors. The first volumes were published in 1981 and since then over 25 fascicles have been produced.
Background.
The first major systematic study of Etruscan mirror was Eduard Gerhard's "Etruskische Spiegel". The work consists of five volumes published between 1843 and 1897 (the final volume being published after Gerhard's death). In 1973 a decision was made to make a new publication that could replace Gerhard's outdated work.
Current Volumes.
The Netherlands.
L. Bouke van der Meer. 1983. Leiden: E. J. Brill
U.S.A..
Larissa Bonfante & Richard Daniel De Puma. Ames: Iowa State University Press

</doc>
<doc id="18844942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844942" title="2003 Heineken Open">
2003 Heineken Open

The 2003 Heineken Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the ASB Tennis Centre in Auckland in New Zealand and was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from January 6 through January 12, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18844946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844946" title="Puppy (film)">
Puppy (film)

Puppy is an independent Australian feature film starring Nadia Townsend, Bernard Curry, Sally Bull, and Terence Donovan. The film was written and directed by Irish-born, Australian Kieran Galvin, who also directed the short films: "The Burning Boy, Mono-Winged Angel, Contact" and "Other People". He also wrote the exploitational thriller Feed, (Dir. Brett Leonard) both Puppy and Feed were produced by Melissa Beauford.
Plot.
Attempting suicide, sultry but down-on-her-luck swindler Liz (Nadia Townsend) is rescued by lonely tow truck driver Aiden (Bernard Curry). But instead of rushing her to the hospital, Liz’s savior abducts her to his remote farmhouse, convinced that she is the wife who abandoned him years earlier. Cut off from civilization, kept prisoner and guarded day and night by vicious attack dogs, Liz realizes she must rely on her skills as a con artist to talk her way out of this hostage situation. In the satiric tradition of Misery, Buffalo 66, Secretary and Black Snake Moan comes this captivating black comedy about the ties that bind.

</doc>
<doc id="18844956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844956" title="Prefecture Apostolic of Upper Kassai">
Prefecture Apostolic of Upper Kassai

The Roman Catholic Prefecture Apostolic of Upper Kassai () was a mission territory in Central Africa. It was erected as a simple mission in 1901, and detached, as a prefecture Apostolic, from the Vicariate of Belgian Congo, on 20 August 1901. 
The residence of the prefect Apostolic was the mission of St. Joseph de Luluabourg, situated a few miles to the south of the station of the Belgian colony of Luluabourg (now Kananga), in the district of Lualaba-Kassai, the chief town of which was Lusambo, residence of the district commissioner. The prefecture, at the time of its creation, comprised almost all the Lualaba-Kassai district. It was bounded on the north by the Vicariate of Belgian Congo (district of the Equateur); on the east by the same vicariate (territory of the Katanga Company); on the south by Portuguese Congo; on the west by the Lubue River. In 1908 it was enlarged by taking as its boundaries on the east the left bank of the Lualaba River, and on the west the Prefecture Apostolic of Kwango, which was in the charge of the Jesuits.
The local languages were those of the Bena Lulua, the Baluba (Tshiluba language), Bena Kanioka, the Batetela, the Bakuba, the Bakete, and the Balunda. Just one religious order of men was engaged in evangelization there, the Congregation of the Immaculate Heart of Mary of Scheut (Brussels), and a single religious order of women, the Sisters of Charity of Ghent.
After 15 November 1891, when Père Cambier arrived alone at Luluabourg to commence the evangelization of these regions, eleven residences were established. In order of their foundation, they were: 
Besides these larger residences, tended by at least three priests or two priests and a lay brother, fermes-chapelles (or Christian villages) were established in the prefecture. 
The first Prefect Apostolic of Upper Kassai was Emeri Cambier, born at Flobecq in the Belgian province of Hainaut, 2 January 1865. He was ordained priest 20 November 1887, arrived in the Congo in 1888, at Luluabourg in 1891, and in 1904 was placed at the head of the newly created prefecture Apostolic. The King of Belgium named him an officer of the Royal Order of the Lion in recognition of his services. He died on 29 September 1943, at Namur.

</doc>
<doc id="18844959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844959" title="Otryadyn Gündegmaa">
Otryadyn Gündegmaa

Otryadyn Gündegmaa (, , born May 23, 1978), is an Olympic athlete who competes in sports shooting. She was born in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia. Gündegmaa competed in the 1996, 2000, and 2004 Olympics, with her best finish in those three Olympics being fifth place in the 1996 Games in 25m sporting pistol. Since then, she has competed in the 2008, where she won a silver medal for Mongolia in the 25m sporting pistol. She also competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18844967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844967" title="Analyzing Intelligence">
Analyzing Intelligence

Analyzing Intelligence: Origins, Obstacles, and Innovations is a 2008 book by editors Roger Z. George, James B. Bruce and multiple contributors who are experts in the field of Intelligence Analysis. The book, which is listed on the Central Intelligence Agency's suggested reading list, provides the first full assessment on the state of U.S. intelligence analysis since 9/11, and offers proposals for improved analytical methods, training, and structured approaches, according to Georgetown University Press. The authors argue intelligence analysis should become its own "professional discipline", and should incorporate rigorous analytic methodologies, increase training and education throughout the intelligence enterprise, and embrace collaborative tools like Intellipedia, a wiki used by the United States government. 

</doc>
<doc id="18844979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844979" title="Forth Banks Power Station">
Forth Banks Power Station

Forth Banks Power Station refers to a now-demolished coal-fired power station in North East England. It was situated in the city centre of Newcastle upon Tyne on Forth Banks, a street to the rear of Newcastle's Central Station. Put up in a disused factory building in 1890 by the Newcastle and District Electric Lighting Company (DisCo), it is notable as the first power station in the world to use turbo alternators, as well as being one of the first municipal power stations in the United Kingdom.
In its seventeen-year operating history, the station used various pieces of generating equipment and so had various generating capacities. It ceased to be used following an expansion of the nearby Close Power Station in 1907.
Background.
The Newcastle and District Electric Lighting Company (DisCo) was established by Sir Charles Algernon Parsons and registered as a company on 14 January 1889. While anticipating the obtainment of the necessary powers from the Board of Trade, which they were granted without opposition in 1891, the company set about acquiring their first site in Newcastle's Forth Banks area, as well as ordering machinery and obtaining a sufficient number of customers to justify commencement. In November 1889, the company purchased buildings from Hawthorn Leslie and Company which had formed part of their Forth Banks works, used by their marine engine department prior to moving to new works at St. Peter's. In January 1890, Forth Banks Power Station was commissioned.
In opening the station, DisCo became the first electric company to ever trust completely in steam turbines. This was the first time steam turbine and turbo alternator machinery of any kind had been employed in a power station, and the units DisCo ordered for the station were the largest to have ever been built at that time, as well as the first to have been built for a particular purpose.
Design and specification.
The equipment initially installed in the station was two 75 kilowatt turbo alternators, built by Clarke, Chapman, Parsons and Company of Gateshead. These were provided with steam by three Lancashire boilers built by Hawthorn Leslie and Company, which fed saturated steam into the turbines at a pressure of 140 lb. The turbo alternators operated at 4,800 revolutions per minute, producing single-phase electric power at 1,000 volts (V) and 80 cycles. They were also fitted with exciters at the end of their alternator shafts.
In 1892, DisCo decided to improve the economy of the station by operating the turbines in conjunction with a condenser. Steam from the turbines was taken to a condenser via a wrought iron galvanised pipe in diameter. The condenser had a cooling surface of and was composed of 790 brass tubes each long and in diameter. The condenser and its pumps were placed in a pit, and driven by a tandem compound pumping engine, supported on beams above the pit. the engine ran at 60 RPM.
Various turbo-generators spent time working at Forth Banks, and two 410 kW Parsons machiness which spent time at the station were installed in DisCo's Lemington Power Station by 1907. By 1907, some of the original turbo alternators operating at Forth Banks had been discarded and new ones had been added due to rapid developments in the size, power and efficiency of turbo alternators. By then, the station was operating three 500 kW and six 150 kW AC turbo generators, giving a total generating capacity of 2,400 kW. The station's boiler room contained eight Lancashire boilers, each with a capacity of 200HP, and three Green economisers.
Operations.
Coal was delivered by rail via a high level railway behind the station from Newcastle Central Station to bunkers in the Hawthorne Leslie yard. From here it was conveyed by chutes and screw conveyors to the boiler house. Condensing water for the station was taken from the nearby River Tyne, through a long brick tunnel.
Closure and present site use.
Because the station's buildings hadn't been constructed specifically as a power station and were already old at the time of its opening, the power station was recorded as being in a ""rather dilapidated shape"" in 1907. It was decided that it would have had to be rebuilt if operations were to continue. This, combined with the fact that the station only generated electricity in single phase A.C. current, led to the station being abandoned by DisCo in 1907, once the nearly adjoining Close Power Station had been completed. The station has since been demolished, and a Chinese restaurant and part of the Queen Elizabeth II Metro Bridge have since been built on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18844982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844982" title="Chen Weiqiang">
Chen Weiqiang

Chen Weiqiang (Chinese: 陈伟强; born 1958 in Dongguan, Guangdong) is a male Chinese weightlifter. He began training in a sports school in the provincial Gymnasium in 1972. Two years later, he joined the provincial team.

</doc>
<doc id="18844987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18844987" title="Karpin (disambiguation)">
Karpin (disambiguation)

Valery Karpin is a Russian footballer.
Karpin may also refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18845001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845001" title="Kazimierz Rumsza">
Kazimierz Rumsza

Kazimierz Rumsza (1886–1970) was a Polish general. 
After military service in the Imperial Russian Army in World War I, where he reached the rank of a colonel, he joined the 1st Polish Corps of General Józef Dowbor-Muśnicki in western Russia from December 1917 until the Germans forced its dissolution in July 1918. He helped Walerian Czuma organise 1st Kosciuszko regiment at Samara in August 1918 which later formed the 5th Rifle Division in Siberia (sometimes known as the Polish Legion or the Siberian Division) which fought alongside the Czech Legion and the White movement in the Russian Civil War. When the White government of Admiral Aleksandr Kolchak collapsed in December 1919, the Polish Legion joined the general retreat along the Trans-Siberian Railway, until it was surrounded by the Red Army east of Krasnoyarsk in early January 1920. Refusing to surrender, Rumsza led 900 officers and men on an ice march through the taiga slipping through Bolshevik forces until they reached Irkutsk. From there they managed to escape to Harbin in White-controlled Manchuria, and thence to Vladivostok. Rumsza’s force arrived at Gdańsk (Danzig) in Poland in June 1920 and volunteered to fight in the Polish-Soviet War which had just broken out. 
Rumsza went on to command his reformed division and fought several battles with Red cavalry. He was awarded the Virtuti Militari Cross for his services in Russia. 
During World War II he joined the pro-Allies Polish Armed Forces in the West. He died in exile in London in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="18845011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845011" title="Slovakia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998">
Slovakia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998

Slovakia returned to the Eurovision Song Contest 1998 in Birmingham, United Kingdom after being relegated from the 1997 contest.
For the 1998 contest Slovenská Televízia (STV) selected Katarína Hasprová to sing for Slovakia, with the song "Modlitba" (A Prayer). The song was composed by Gabriel Dušík and Anna Wepperyová.
At Eurovision.
Hasprová performed 6th on the night of the contest, following Switzerland and preceding Poland. At the close of the voting it had received 8 points (all came from Croatia), placing 21st in a field of 25.
After the contest STV withdrew from the contest, and would not return for 11 years, until the Eurovision Song Contest 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18845012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845012" title="Thomas O. Perry">
Thomas O. Perry

Thomas Osborn Perry was a mechanical engineer, designer, and the original innovator of the all-metal windmill. Perry made significant contributions to the field of wind powered turbines and was an early pioneer of modern wind power technology.
History.
Thomas Osborn Perry was born in Franklin, Michigan on February 28, 1847.
In 1882 and 1883, while working for the U.S. Wind Engine and Pump Company, Perry conducted a series of over five thousand experiments on windmill rotors and rotor blades. His experiments resulted in a windmill design that was 87% more efficient than other windmills manufactured at that time. Perry's main improvements were the use of concave windmill blades made from steel, rather than flat wooden blades. In order to conduct his experiments, Perry had designed and built an enclosed wind tunnel, a research tool that was not in common use at this time.
In 1888, Thomas Perry and LaVerne Noyes started the Aermotor Windmill Company and began manufacturing Aermotor windmills. The Aermotor was used for pumping water for livestock and became indispensable to midwestern farmers and ranchers in the 19th and early 20th centuries. Selling only 45 windmills in its first year, Aermotor sales increased rapidly and by the turn of the century had sold hundreds of thousands of windmills.
Perry also made many other refinements to windmill designs and published several windmill design patents pertaining to maintainability and efficiency.

</doc>
<doc id="18845025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845025" title="2004 Heineken Open">
2004 Heineken Open

The 2004 Heineken Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the ASB Tennis Centre in Auckland in New Zealand and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from January 12 through January 18, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18845038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845038" title="Chen Xiaomin">
Chen Xiaomin

Chen Xiaomin (born February 7, 1977 in Heshan, Guangdong) is a female Chinese weightlifter. She began weightlifting in 1989, and joined the provincial team in 1991, and the national team in 1992.
She is also a law graduate from Guangdong Business College.

</doc>
<doc id="18845040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845040" title="Lisa Mensink">
Lisa Mensink

Lisa Mensink (born March 6, 1977 in Winnipeg, Canada) is a Dutch triathlete.
Mensink has a dual nationality and performed the first years of her career for the Canadian national team in national and international competitions. As of 2007 she competes for the Netherlands. In her mission to qualify for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing she achieved a 9th position in a Triathlon World Cup meeting in South Korea to win her Olympic nomination. She needed another top-10 classification before the deadline to change the nomination into a ticket to China. She came close in New Zealand (11th) and Japan (12th), but came just too short. Her last chance was at the meeting in Hamburg, Germany on July 8, 2008. She managed to finish in 9th position and took the ticket to the Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18845062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845062" title="Shimazu Tadashige">
Shimazu Tadashige

Prince , was the son of Shimazu Tadayoshi and 30th head of the Shimazu clan. He was a naval officer, and rear admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy. His wife was the daughter of Tokudaiji Sanetsune.
Biography.
A native of Kagoshima, Shimazu was largely raised at the Shimazu residence in Tokyo, where he attended the Gakushuin Peers’ School. In 1904, he entered the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy, and graduated from the 35th class ranked 79th out of 172 cadets. He served his midshipman duty aboard the cruiser and battleship , and after commissioned as an ensign he was assigned to the cruisers and .
Shimazu returned to specialized weaponry schools, and became a torpedo and naval artillery expert. As a sub-lieutenant, he served on the battleship and again on "Katori". From 1911-1913, he left active service to assume his seat in the House of Peers, returning in December 1914 to the battleship after having completed navigation and advanced gunnery training. As lieutenant, he served aboard the and during World War I, but not in a combat situation.
After graduation from the Naval War College (Japan) in December 1920, he was promoted to lieutenant commander. He went England at his own expense from December 1921 to 1923 and on his return was appointed to the Imperial Japanese Navy General Staff, and became an instructor at the Naval War College. He was promoted to commander in December 1924. Shimazu was then appointed as military attaché to England from December 1928 to December 1930. While in England, he was promoted to captain.
After his return to Japan, Shimazu served on the Navy General Staff, and was promoted to rear admiral on 15 November 1935. He retired from active service a month later, on 15 December 1935. After retirement, he served in an advisory capacity to the Gakushuin.
During the occupation of Japan, his palace in Tokyo (which had been designed by Josiah Conder in 1915), was seized by the American occupationn forces, and is now the main hall for Seisen University.
In the postwar era, he was involved in a number of financial scandals, notably with regards to the Shimazu Kosan Company. He was forced to sell off most of his inheritance to make ends meet, including the Shimazu clan archives, which went to Tokyo University. He died in 1968 at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="18845088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845088" title="Refugee Studies Centre">
Refugee Studies Centre

The Refugee Studies Centre (RSC) was established in 1982, as part of the University of Oxford’s Department of International Development (Queen Elizabeth House), in order to promote the understanding of the causes and consequences of forced migration and to improve the lives of some of the world’s most marginalised people. Its philosophy is to ""combine world-class academic research with a commitment to improving the lives and situations for some of the world’s most disadvantaged people"".
Overview.
The RSC is regarded as one of the world’s leading centres for multidisciplinary research and teaching on the causes and consequences of forced migration. In 2002, the RSC was awarded a Queen's Anniversary Prize for Higher and Further Education in recognition of its pioneering research and innovative education, training and outreach programmes.
The Centre aims to approach the challenges of improving humanitarian performance and accountability and advancing the human rights of the displaced through a broad program of work organised around three interconnected activities.
The RSC is located at 3 Mansfield Road in Oxford, England.
Research.
The RSC carries out research on the causes and consequences of forced migration, with the emphasis on understanding the experiences of forced migration from the point of view of affected peoples. It is produced in cooperation with other academic institutions, particularly in developing countries. It incorporates different disciplines, including law, international relations, anthropology, political science and sociology. 
The programme of research is organised around three broad areas. The first focuses on the political, economic and social contexts which are significant in understanding forced migration. The second area involves primarily anthropological, psychosocial and sociological research on the lived reality and experience and management of displacement. The third research area entails legal and political research on the development and implementation of laws and policies that relate to forced migrants. 
Study and learning.
The Masters or Science degree provided by the RSC places forced migration in a historical, global and human context, encouraging informed reflection on international and national responses to both internal and international displacement. The three-week International Summer School is for practitioners involved with assistance and policy making for refugees and internally displaced persons. The RSC’s short courses give participants the opportunity to receive additional professional training and develop expertise in particular refugee-related areas. Visiting Fellowships are available to senior practitioners and policymakers, post-graduate students, post-doctoral scholars and professional academics who wish to undertake a specific programme of self-directed study in an academic environment. 
Outreach.
Forced Migration Review (FMR) is regarded by the humanitarian community as the world’s most widely read journal on international refugee, statelessness and displacement issues. Published in English, Arabic, Spanish and French, it is distributed without charge to a global readership of over 12,000 organisations and individuals. The majority of its readers are from the South. 
Forced Migration Online (FMO) is a web-based portal providing a wide variety of resources dealing with the situation of forced migrants worldwide. FMO offers free access to comprehensive information in an impartial environment and aims to promote increased awareness of human displacement issues to an international community of users. Its range of resources include a digital library of over 200,000 pages, access to back issues of journals, thematic and country-specific research guides, a directory of key organisations and an expanding multimedia section. 
The library and documentation centre of the RSC holds a large number of published and unpublished materials and research archives relating to the causes, experiences, consequences and implications of forced displacement. Its current catalogued collection comprises over 39,000 bibliographic records. In August 2009 the collection was integrated into the Bodleian Social Science Library.
In addition to scholarly books and articles by staff published externally, the RSC publishes a Working Paper Series and sponsors the Journal of Refugee Studies and the Studies in Forced Migration book series. The RSC also produces a CD-ROM containing resources from the Centre and a variety of international agency partners. The RSC organises events in response to emerging research agendas as well as to the policy needs of international NGOs, intergovernmental and government agencies. The RSC’s weekly seminars and annual lectures are open to the public. 
The RSC has a programme of institutional links with Southern-based agencies and academic centres involved in the study of forced migration; it works in partnership with academics, policy makers and practitioners in the South and North concerned with forced migration to strengthen research and teaching capacities and to improve policy and project practice. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845095" title="Vidal Sanabria">
Vidal Sanabria

Carlos Vidal Sanabria Acuña (born 11 April 1966 in San Lorenzo, Paraguay) is a former football midfielder from Paraguay.
Club.
Sanabria started his football career in the youth divisions of Club 13 Tuyutí of Capiatá and then moved to Guaraní before making his debut for Olimpia Asunción in 1987. His career in Olimpia would last until 1995, winning several national and international championships with the club. Afterwards, Sanabria had brief stints in several clubs such as River Plate (Asuncion), Deportivo Pereira, Libertad, Resistencia, Sportivo Luqueño and Sol de América before retiring.
International.
Sanabria made his international debut for the Paraguay national football team on 1 July 1989 in a 1989 Copa América match against Peru (5-2 win), substituting Alfredo Mendoza in the 86th minute. He obtained a total number of 21 international caps, scoring one goal for the national side. Sanabria played in the Copa America 1989, Copa America 1991 and Copa America 1993.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18845103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845103" title="2005 Heineken Open">
2005 Heineken Open

The 2005 Heineken Open was an ATP tennis tournament held in Auckland, New Zealand. The tournament was held from January 10 to January 17.

</doc>
<doc id="18845117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845117" title="Kieran Galvin">
Kieran Galvin

Kieran Galvin (born 5 May 1966) is an Irish-born Australian film director and screenwriter. He wrote and directed four award-winning short films ("The Burning Boy, Bad Ass Mono-Winged Angel, Contact, Other People") before he made his debut feature film (as writer and director), "Puppy" in 2005. Also in 2005 he was commissioned to write the thriller "Feed" for American film director Brett Leonard ("Virtuosity", "Lawnmower Man", "Man-Thing"). He is an atheist.
Filmography.
As writer.
All the above films, plus:
Festivals.
"Puppy".
Official Selection
"Other People".
Official Selection
"Contact".
Official Selection
"Bad Ass Mono-Winged Angel".
Official Selection
"The Burning Boy".
Official Selection

</doc>
<doc id="18845119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845119" title="Gamaliel Foundation">
Gamaliel Foundation

Gamaliel Foundation provides training and consultation and develops national strategy for its affiliated congregation-based community organizations. As of 2013, Gamaliel has 45 affiliates in 17 U.S. states, the United Kingdom, and South Africa, and claims to represent over a million people.
History.
The Gamaliel Foundation was co-founded by Mike Kruglig and founded in Chicago in 1968 to assist the Contract Buyers League, which worked to assist African-American home buyers in the city’s West Side. Gamaliel was reoriented to focus on community organizing when Gregory Galluzzo was hired as executive director in 1986. Seeing its basic function as training and developing leaders in low-income communities, Gamaliel’s goal is “to assist local community leaders to create, maintain and expand independent, grassroots, and powerful faith-based community organizations” that have the power to influence political and economic decisions that impact cities and regions. The name “Gamaliel” refers to the Biblical wise man who was a teacher to St. Paul (see Acts 5:38-39; and Acts 22:3), whom Saul Alinsky considered to be the first great congregation-based organizer.
Gamaliel Foundation works in the community organizing tradition of Alinsky, who began his work in Chicago with the Back of the Yards Neighborhood Council in 1939. Following Alinsky’s death in 1972, his Industrial Areas Foundation, under executive director Edward T. Chambers, moved toward a congregation-based organizing model, emphasizing training and leadership development. Gamaliel has developed along a similar path under the direction of Galluzzo, a former Roman Catholic priest who got his introduction to community organizing in the early 1970s in Chicago, where he worked with the Pilsen Neighborhood Community Council, mentored by such organizers as Tom Gaudette and John Baumann (the founder of PICO National Network).
Governance.
Gamaliel’s board of directors has 15 members, and is the ultimate governing authority for the organization, setting policy and overseeing management. The board and staff are advised by the National Clergy Caucus, the African American Leadership Commission, and the International Leadership Assembly. Gamaliel operates with a small staff (approximately 20 in 2008), supplemented by interns and consultants. For example, during the period Barack Obama worked as a community organizer with the Developing Communities Project on the far South Side of Chicago (1985-1988), he was also a consultant and trainer for the Gamaliel Foundation. Gamaliel has five regional directors covering the Eastern, Mideastern, Midwestern, Southern, and Western United States. Affiliated organizations are incorporated separately, raise their own funds, and employ their own organizers. Ana Garcia Ashley became the executive director of Gamaliel in January 2011.
Current program.
Gamaliel has refocused its efforts from neighborhood organizations to coalitions that can influence wider metropolitan areas and regions. Gamaliel has begun to formulate strategies for impacting national policy on such issues as comprehensive immigration reform, health care for all, jobs and full employment, affordable housing, and equal access public transportation systems. The Transportation Equity Network (TEN) is a Gamaliel project. To date, the major focus of Gamaliel has been such metropolitan areas as Chicago, St. Louis, Cleveland, Detroit, Northwest Indiana, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, and Kansas City, Missouri. Gamaliel’s long-range plan is to build a metropolitan organization in every major population area in the United States over the next ten years, including raising the necessary money and recruiting the 200 professional organizers essential to reach this goal.
Training.
Gamaliel conducts one-week national leadership trainings three times a year in the United States and once a year in South Africa. A three-day advanced training is held annually for leaders who have attended the seven-day national training. A three-day pastors training is offered for leaders who pastor churches. Each December Gamaliel holds a three-day staff training retreat for all the organizers in its network. Gamaliel also conducts numerous half-day, full-day, and weekend trainings for local communities. Ntosake (“she who walks with lions and carries her own things”) is a year-long Gamaliel women’s empowerment and leadership development program.
Themes of Gamaliel trainings include such topics as "the world as it is" versus "the world as it should be," engaging the public arena, principles of congregation-based community organizing, power, self-interest, "one-on-one" relational meetings as a building block of organizing, agitation, metropolitan organizing, and building and sustaining an organization.

</doc>
<doc id="18845135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845135" title="Saturday Night (Sandi Thom song)">
Saturday Night (Sandi Thom song)

"Saturday Night" is a song performed by Scottish singer Sandi Thom. It was released as the second single of Thoms second album The Pink & The Lily and her fifth single overall. The song was named as "Single of the Week" by Radio 2 and received extensive airplay on the station. It was released on August 25, 2008. It is a download release for the UK market only. A planned CD single format release was abandoned. Despite numerous promotional appearances on television, radio and press interviews the single failed to enter the UK Top 100 on its release.
Story Behind The Song.
Thom said inspiration for the song came from a conversation with her manager telling her that she could not go out partying every night whilst on tour because she had to be more professional
and that the original lyrics for Saturday Night, mentioned drugs, but her record company insisted they were changed before release,
Music video.
There was no official music video produced. She created a homemade video for the song. A version of this video featuring fan photographs was mounted by Sandi's management on her official YouTube channel but it was removed by YouTube because it contained scenes of an offensive and law-breaking nature. It has been suggested by some that this video was deliberately created to stir up controversy as a publicity stunt for the single.

</doc>
<doc id="18845136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845136" title="Laciniaria plicata">
Laciniaria plicata

Laciniaria plicata is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="18845169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845169" title="Palazuelos, Guadalajara">
Palazuelos, Guadalajara

Palazuelos is a little village in the Spanish province of Guadalajara, in the north of the autonomous community of Castilla-La Mancha. Presently it is included in the city limits of Sigüenza, due to its small population.
Palazuelos contains an important monumental site formed by its castle and its city walls, protected by law of the government of Castilla-La Mancha.

</doc>
<doc id="18845179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845179" title="Charles Sawyer Russell">
Charles Sawyer Russell

Charles Sawyer Russell (March 15, 1831 – November 2, 1866) was a United States Army general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Early life and career.
Russell was born in Boston, Massachusetts, in 1831, the son of John Brooks Russell, a publisher and seed dealer, and his wife, Mary Hicks Sawyer. In 1855, he married Annie Stretcher of Indianapolis, Indiana, and relocated to that state. They had two daughters: Annie Bell Russell and Caroline Russell (who married David Bispham in 1885).
Civil War service.
At the beginning of the Civil War in 1861, Russell was a sergeant (April 19) and then quickly a captain (May 14) in the 11th U.S. Infantry, and was stationed to Fort Independence in Boston. He was mustered out of the volunteer service on June 30.
Russell was brevetted to major for his participation at the Battle of Antietam on September 17, 1862, and brevetted to lieutenant colonel on May 3, 1863 for meritorious service at the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Russell was promoted to lieutenant colonel on May 1, 1864, and organized and led the 28th Regiment United States Colored Troops, the only black unit from the state of Indiana. He and his men participated in the Siege of Petersburg in Virginia, and the 28th lost half its men in the Battle of the Crater that July. Russell was appointed a brevet colonel for the Battle of the Crater, and to brigadier general for Cemetery Hill, both effective from July 30. 
He was promoted to colonel on August 27, 1864, and given brigade command in the IX Corps in the Army of the Potomac from September until October. He then was transferred to the Army of the James that winter and commanded several brigades in the Army's XXV Corps from December 3 to February 27, 1865. 
Leading the 28th, he was among the first to enter Richmond after it fell to Federal forces in early April 1865. The regiment was mustered out of the volunteer service on November 8, 1865, in Texas, and returned to Indianapolis for a public reception held on January 8, 1866. Russell was then transferred to the 20th Infantry Regiment in September 1866. He moved with the regiment to Cincinnati, Ohio, where he died in a cholera outbreak that struck the regiment that November. He is buried in Spring Grove Cemetery in Cincinnati.

</doc>
<doc id="18845188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845188" title="The Best of Judas Priest">
The Best of Judas Priest

The Best of Judas Priest is a collection of a few select songs from Judas Priest's first two albums, and was released under Gull, the band's former record label. It was the first of many reissues of the band's earlier material produced in an effort to "capitalize on Judas Priest's popularity" and was released without any consent from the band.
Track listing.
Original LP Release.
All songs originally from "Rocka Rolla" (1974), except Diamonds & Rust which was an earlier recording made for Gull Records and was included to generate more interest on the compilation.
All songs originally released on "Sad Wings of Destiny" (1976)

</doc>
<doc id="18845195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845195" title="Ding Meiyuan">
Ding Meiyuan

Ding Meiyuan (Chinese: 丁美媛; born February 27, 1979 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a female Chinese weightlifter. She started weight-training at age 12, and joined the provincial team.

</doc>
<doc id="18845212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845212" title="William Graham (colonel)">
William Graham (colonel)

Colonel William Graham (1742–1835) was militia and political leader from North Carolina during the American Revolution.
Graham was born in Augusta County, Virginia, the son of Archibald Graham of Scotland. The younger Graham moved to the Province of North Carolina several years before the American Revolutionary War. There he was one of forty signers of the Tryon Resolves. In 1776, he served as a delegate from Lincoln County to the North Carolina Provincial Congress. As a colonel of militia, he served under General Griffith Rutherford in the successful expedition against the Cherokees in 1776.
In 1780, he again led troops under General Rutherford in the Battle of Ramseur's Mill. That same year Graham marched with his troops in the expedition that led to the famous Battle of Kings Mountain, but due to an illness in his family, he was not with his men when the battle was fought.
Graham is buried in Cleveland County, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="18845238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845238" title="The Dance Brigade">
The Dance Brigade

The Dance Brigade are a ska band from London. Founded by Keith Finch (JA13, Crown of Thorns) and Lee "Kix" Thompson (Madness) in late summer 2007, they were soon joined by Jennie Matthias (The Belle-Stars). The other musicians came from projects they had been involved in.
Their ska-based music is a hybrid of styles mixed in with technology; a 'Global Pillage' of sounds, reflecting the multi-cultural and global heritage of the band members.
Their live shows are a clash of new generation ska and visuals, with live videos running con-currently to the music, which feature computers and a live band on stage. They are joined onstage by various guests from the reggae world including Dave Barker (Dave and Ansell Collins) who has recorded a track with them.

</doc>
<doc id="18845242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845242" title="Subb">
Subb

Subb was a Canadian ska punk band formed in November 1992 in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec. Since their beginning in the early 90's, the band released four full-length albums, one EP and one split CD on the labels Stomp Records and Underworld Records. Though they experienced several lineup changes over the years, founding members Mart Charron and Stef Gauthier remained in the group. The band's musical style initially blended elements of punk rock, ska, and hardcore into a genre popularly known as ska punk or "ska-core," which characterized their first two albums. In 2002 they shifted gears, moving away from this sound and producing an album with a heavy pop punk influence. After a brief hiatus in 2003, the band moved back towards their ska, punk and hardcore elements.
Band history.
1992-1995: The early years.
Subb formed in 1992 in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec under the name Society Under Babbling Boobs(S.U.B.B.). The band's original lineup consisted of Mart Charron on vocals & guitar, Fred Gagné on lead guitar, Stef Gauthier on bass, and Chris Roy on drums. This lineup lasted two years until Fred and Chris left the group in 1994. Jeepy Paiement joined the band in December 1994 as the new drummer. The trio spent the next 3 months writing songs before recording their first demo tape during the summer. That's when the band decided to drop the acronyme and just called themselves; Subb.
1996-1999: Underworld Records years.
In 1995, Subb met singer Jeff Quesnel and he would be a turning point in the band's future sound. Later that year, Jonh Génier replaced Jeepy on drums, but he was himself soon replaced by Nick Poissant and Subb signed to Underworld Records, a Montreal based record label. 1996 saw the arrival of a second guitarist, Math Goyette and the release of their first CD, "Two ban' an' a split", a split album with friends Thirdfall. Nick left the band in September 1997 and was replaced by JF Lague. In December, their first full length release "The Highstep to Hell" came and received critical acclaim from fans and critics alike. The song "Mister Gun" was soon to became a fan favorite and the band supported their release by touring across Canada. In November 1998 the band released a 100% auto-produced EP entitled "Like Kids in a Field" and kept on touring to support their DIY release during the next year.
2000-2002: Stomp Records years(Part one).
In September 1999, Subb signed to Stomp Records and in March 2000, Subb released "Until the party ends". This record was a new chapter in the bands young career with its mix of raw energy of punk rock with sweet stylings of ska and reggae music. They have toured extensively in 2000 to support "Until the party ends". After taking part in the national Vans "State of the Union" Tour with label-mates Reset and Men O' Steel, the band went on to play the Montreal and Toronto stops of the Vans Warped Tour. Also, they have toured a lot in Quebec, Ontario and the Canadian east coast with bands such as Less Than Jake, Suicide Machines, Strung out, No Motiv, Samiam and The Planet Smashers. The videos for the singles "L.A. Beach Bum" brought their sound to a wider audience as it was put into heavy rotation on MusiquePlus and has been featured on Much Music as well as being the indie spotlight.
2001 started off well for the band has they played the MusiquePlus "Jam des neiges 2001" alongside Orgy and Crazy Town in front of an audience of 10 000 people. In April, Subb crossed the pond and toured Europe for 3 weeks, playing gigs all across Switzerland and Germany. As soon as they got back from Europe, they were on the road again, this time touring Canada from coast to coast with ska superstars The Planet Smashers. After the two-month tour, Subb played again at the Vans Warped tour on the local Union stage, in front of 8000 crazy fans, in Montreal and Toronto. The launch of the re-released "The Ultimate Highstep to Hell" was played in front of a sold-out crowd at Montreal's The Spectrum.
The year 2002 saw the launch of "Daylight Saving", Subb's second full length original album for STOMP Records. In terms of touring, Subb headlined the very successful Molson Dry/Musique Plus 123 Punk Tour in April and May. In the summer, the band played the Ramprage event with Pennywise and played 3 dates (Boston, Montreal, Toronto)on the Vans Warped Tour on the Union Stage. Subb put out 3 videos from this record, "Daylight Saving", the title track, "Twenty-One" and "Out of the line’’. "Twenty-One" received airplay on Musique Plus, Much Music and Much Loud. "Out of the Line" was also added into rotation on MuchLoud. At the end of this year they did a regional Quebec and Ontario tour with Big Wig and Jettison.
2003-2010; Stomp records years(Part two).
After a short hiatus in early 2003, the band started working on new songs and kept on doing so for the next 2 years. In April 2006, the band's latest album "The Motions" came out. Their 4th full length album was recorded at Piccolo studios in Montreal (The Sainte Catherines, Voivod, Simple Plan, etc.) and produced by Frank Joly. With the release of The Motions, Subb is set to raise the bar a lot bit higher, mixing their distinctive brand of melodic punk rock with reggae, ska and even a little hardcore just for good measure. Phenomenal production and insightful songwriting round out what will prove to be their finest album to date. The video for the single "The Motions" has been added to heavy rotation on MusiquePlus and MuchMusic, while MuchLoud, Edge TV and MTV Canada has featured the video several times.
Subb have also been touring extensively in 2006. The band took part of the national 2006 GRIND tour in May, with Mad Caddies, Satanic Surfers, The Loved ones and label-mates The Resistance. In the summer, they played several dates in Quebec and Ontario to support their new album "The Motions" and also played the Toronto and Montreal stops of the Vans Warped Tour.
In 2007, they were invited by the Vulgaires Machins for a series of shows across the beautiful province. With Akuma also on the bill, the tour was spread throughout February, March and April. And, although every show was sick, the one at Metropolis in Montreal stuck out the most. In April, The Motions came out in Japan on One Big Family Records, and the band was invited to the land of the Samurai for a tour. Despite the language barrier and huge cultural shock, it was one of the band's best tour ever. Packed shows, incredible fans, and treated like kings by One Big Family records. November also saw the video for “The Factories” become “Buzzclip” at Musique Plus and receive an exceptional visibility. It has also lingered in the daily top 5 for weeks.
Plans for 2008? Here's what the band members had to say about it ; "We've already recording demo tracks as we already close to 20 new songs. We'll take the next couple of months to continue to write new songs and eventually and hopefully put out a new record in early '09. As for musical direction, we're shifting towards uniting Ska and Opera/musical...ok, we're just playing with ya;) But you know us by now, it should be a logical step from “The Motions”, stay tuned!" 
The album "To This Beat" was released on May 2, 2009 on Stomp Records. The record explodes back onto the scene with a career-defining collection of summertime bangers. The boys enlisted the help of good friend and reggae dancehall legend Jah Cutta to dive even deeper into the roots of ska music with heartfelt tributes to their home town (I Heart Montreal), reggae music and culture (Shottas & Mount Zion). Don’t worry though, tracks like “The Black Hand”, Hiro Nakamura” and “Black Gold” balance out the record perfectly with Subb’s signature brand of melodic, blazing and upbeat punk rock. Insightful, fiercely political and unflinching; Subb is still standing strong as one of the best international ska punk outfits in the game today. 
In December 2009, the band was officially on hiatus. Then, they've announced that they were disbanding at the beginning of Spring 2010. One last tour was announced, and a digital record with demos, rarities and dubs was coming up in September 2010. The "Zero To Zero Tour '10" took place from September 2010 to November 2010. Subb gave their last performance on November 20, in their hometown of Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu surrounded by their friends and families.
Life after Subb : Projects; 2010-present.
Jeff Quesnel is working on his solo career, oriented towards reggae and dub music. He also played in Don't Push, a Sublime tribute band with JF Lague on drums, and he was a guest singer for The Stomp All Stars, a Montreal cover band that is paying tribute to the best of ska and reggae music around the world. On June 19th 2012, his solo debut album "Yes Me Lion!" was released as a digital project. The 12 track album features guest artist Jah Cutta and hip hop mc Dannu of the collective Visionaries. Math Goyette played additional guitars on the record and Stephan Gauthier did the artwork. "Yes Me Lion!" is available at http://jeffquesnel.bandcamp.com/
Martin Charron and Stephan Gauthier are in a band called "Low Dead Volume". Their first demo The Mantis was released in December 2011 and is available at http://lowdeadvolume.bandcamp.com/

</doc>
<doc id="18845268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845268" title="63d Air Refueling Squadron">
63d Air Refueling Squadron

The 63d Air Refueling Squadron (63 ARS) is a United States Air Force Reserve squadron, assigned to the 927th Operations Group, stationed at MacDill Air Force Base, Florida. It is a corollary unit of the active duty 91st Air Refueling Squadron, 6th Air Mobility Wing (6 AMW).
Overview.
The squadron operates the KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft conducting aerial refueling missions as the reserve associate to the 6th Air Mobility Wing.
History.
The 63d flew aerial transportation and casualty evacuation in the South and Southwest Pacific from, 6 August 1943-c. August 1945, and between Japan and Korea from, 19 May-31 December 1952. The squadron conducted tactical airlift operations from, 1953–1969 and 1971–1992 and trained for tactical air support missions from, 1969-1971. It deployed personnel to Southwest Asia in 1990 and 1991 during Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm. It has flown air refueling missions since 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18845302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845302" title="Ulmus americana 'Deadfree'">
Ulmus americana 'Deadfree'

The American Elm "Ulmus americana" cultivar '76', named 'Deadfree', was listed by the Urban Forestry Administration (UFA) of the District Department of Transportation in Washington, D.C., as one of its "street trees" in 2008 [http://app.ddot.dc.gov/ufa/information/tree_list_common_2.shtm]. However, the UFA currently has no documentation to support it, and thus the entry may be spurious.
The tree is almost certainly synonymous with 'DED-FREE', a tree at the Arnold Arboretum, Harvard University, obtained from the Princeton Nursery, Princeton, New Jersey in 1973, cloned from the only survivor (late 1940s) among a grove of trees following natural devastation by Dutch elm disease, and subsequently proved resistant by artificial inoculations. However, the tree was neither offered for public sale nor distribution. The name was never validly published and the originator has suggested that it not be validated [http://joa.isa-arbor.com/request.asp?JournalID=1&ArticleID=2673&Type=2].

</doc>
<doc id="18845306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845306" title="Ibiá">
Ibiá

Ibiá is a Brazilian municipality located in the west of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was estimated to be 22,069 people living in a total area of 2,707 km². The city belongs to the mesoregion of Triângulo Mineiro and Alto Paranaíba and to the micro-region of Araxá. It became a municipality in 1923.
Location.
Ibiá is located at an elevation of 895 meters, 55 km. east of Araxá just north of highway BR-262. The distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 324 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Serra do Salitre and Rio Paranaíba (N), Campos Altos (E), Pratinha and Medeiros (SE), Tapira (S) and Araxá (W).
Ibiá is an important railroad junction and its history is tied to the railroad. The Ferrovia da Centro Atlântica, a railroad line used for cargo, passes through the town and divides into the Ibiá-Patrocínio-Brasília line and the Ibiá-Araxá-Uberaba-São Paulo line.
Meaning of the name.
"Ibiá" is an indigenous name meaning "High Plateaus", due to the geographical location of the town.
Economic activities.
The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$426 million, with 129 million reais from services, 126 million reais from industry, and 141 million reais from agriculture. Ibiá ranks in the top positions nationally in milk production. In 2005 it was in first place with 104 million liters a year. There were 528 rural producers on 127,000 hectares of land. The land is very fertile and agricultural production is high. 195 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 2,800 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main crops are coffee (3,500 hectares planted in 2006)) and sugarcane (2,500 hectares planted in 2006), while avocado, soybeans, potatoes, wheat, and corn were also grown. There were 121,000 head of cattle (2006).
There were 4 banks (2007) and 3,523 automobiles (2007), giving a ratio of 6 inhabitants per automobile.
Working population (IBGE 2003)
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 16 public health clinics and 1 hospital with 33 beds (2005). Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Araxá, which is connected by good roads. Educational needs were met by 20 primary schools, 4 middle school, and 19 pre-primary schools.
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$385.00 was above the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="18845311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845311" title="Manuchar Kvirkvelia">
Manuchar Kvirkvelia

Manuchar Kvirkvelia (b. 12 October 1978) is a Georgian Greco-Roman wrestler who competes in the 74 kg class. Kvirkvelia was born in Ozurgeti and lives in Tbilisi. After winning the world championship in 2003 (66 kg) and the European championship in 2007 (74 kg), he won the gold medal in the 74 kg competition in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18845320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845320" title="Apostolic Vicariate of Loango">
Apostolic Vicariate of Loango

The Roman Catholic Vicariate Apostolic of Loango () was a mission territory in Central Africa. It is now the Diocese of Pointe-Noire, in the Republic of the Congo.
History.
Formerly included in the Kingdom of Congo, the Kingdom of Loango became independent towards the end of the sixteenth century, at which time it extended from the mouth of the Kwilou to that of the River Congo. By the treaties of 1885 all this country, over which Portugal had till then exercised a somewhat uncertain sway, became part of French Congo, except the enclave of Cabinda which still remained under Portuguese control. 
Ecclesiastical administration.
The transference of civil dominion affected the ecclesiastical distribution of the territory. By decree of 24 November 1886, the Vicariate Apostolic of French Congo, or Lower Congo, more properly Loango, was detached from that of Gaboon; and in 1890, as a result of further division, the Vicariate of Upper French Congo, or Ubangi, was erected. The three vicariates which made up French Congo — Gaboon, Loango, Ubangi — embraced an area, approximately, of one million square miles. 
The Vicariate Apostolic of Loango lay to the south of that of Gaboon; on the west, it was bounded by the Atlantic; on the south, by the Massabi River, Cabinda, and Belgian Congo; to the east is the Vicariate of Ubangi, from which it is separated by the Djue River as far as the upper reaches of that river, and thence onward by a line drawn to meet the head waters of the Alima River. 
The natives are Bantu people, speaking numerous dialects the most important of which is the Kivili. Amongst those contributed to the knowledge of the language are were Mgr Carrie, the first Apostolic vicar, and Mgr Derouet, his successor. T
The vicariate was in the charge of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost. The station at Loango was on the route to Brazzaville, and had a printing establishment. The seminary and house of novices were at Mayumba, where Ignace Stoffel founded the mission in 1888. 
Jean Derouet was of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost and of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, and titular Bishop of Camachus. He was born at Saint-Denis-de-Villenette, Diocese of Séez, Orne, France, 31 January 1866. Ordained in 1891, he went as missionary to the Congo, and in 1904 was named pro-Vicar Apostolic of Loango. He was chosen bishop on 19 December 1906; consecrated 3 February 1907, in the chapel of the Holy Ghost, at Paris; preconized on 18 April of the same year; and appointed Vicar Apostolic of Lower French Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="18845338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845338" title="Yavor Yanakiev">
Yavor Yanakiev

Yavor Dimitrov Yanakiev (; born 3 June 1985 in Stara Zagora) is a Bulgarian wrestler who won the bronze medal in the Men's Greco-Roman 74kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Yanakiev currently competes for Slavia Litex, where his coach is Stoyan Dobrev; his first coach was Petar Manev. Yanakiev won the 2007 World Championships in Baku in his category and came fifth at the European Championships in Sofia in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="18845369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845369" title="Ulmus × hollandica 'Blandford'">
Ulmus × hollandica 'Blandford'

"Ulmus × hollandica" 'Blandford' was listed by the Urban Forestry Administration (UFA) of the District Department of Transportation in Washington, D.C., as one of its 'street trees' in 2008 [http://app.ddot.dc.gov/ufa/information/tree_list_common_2.shtm]. However, the UFA has no further documentation to support it, and thus the entry may be spurious.

</doc>
<doc id="18845380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845380" title="Roman Amoyan">
Roman Amoyan

Roman Amoyan (, born September 3, 1983 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian Greco-Roman wrestler. Amoyan received the Honored Master of Sports of Armenia title in 2009.
Early life.
Roman was born in Yerevan, Armenian SSR to Yazidi parents. He started wrestling in 1995 and became a Junior World Champion in 2001 and a Junior European Champion in 2002.
Career.
Amoyan won the Olympic bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing in the Men's Greco-Roman 55 kg. Amoyan was Armenia's first Olympic medalist in wrestling in 16 years.
He won a bronze medal in 2009 and a silver medal in 2010 at the FILA Wrestling World Championships. He has also won two gold medals and three silver medals at the FILA Wrestling European Championships.
Amoyan was a member of the Armenian Greco-Roman wrestling team at the 2010 FILA Wrestling World Cup. The Armenian team came in third place. Amoyan personally won a gold medal.
In 2011, Amoyan was voted the Armenian Athlete of the Year. He had suffered a severe head injury early in the European Championships that year, but still bravely fought on, with a bloody wrapping on his head the whole time. Amoyan went on become a two-time European Champion despite the injury.
He failed to qualify for the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Personal life.
Amoyan is married. His wife is a doctor. They both have a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="18845382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845382" title="Darryl Williams (ice hockey)">
Darryl Williams (ice hockey)

Darryl C. Williams (born February 29, 1968 in Labrador City, Newfoundland) is a former ice hockey player who played extensively in the minor leagues and played two games for the Los Angeles Kings of the NHL. He is currently an assistant coach for the Vancouver Canucks.
Williams was named Assistant Coach, Video on August 12, 2008. Williams joins the Canucks from the St. John’s Fog Devils of the QMJHL, where he worked the previous four seasons as Associate Coach, Video Coordinator and Strength & Conditioning Coach.
Prior to joining St. John’s, Williams served in a number of coaching capacities including Head Coaching duties with the Kansas City Outlaws of the United Hockey League and Assistant Coach of the Cincinnati Mighty Ducks of the American Hockey League.
The Labrador City, Newfoundland native played 11 seasons in the American Hockey League and International Hockey League, highlighted by a two-game call up to the NHL with the Los Angeles Kings in the 1992-93 season. With his appointment, Williams becomes the first Newfoundland-native to serve in an NHL coaching position in League history.

</doc>
<doc id="18845388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845388" title="Park Eun-Chul">
Park Eun-Chul

Park Eun-Chul (Hangul: 박은철, Hanja: 朴殷哲; born January 18, 1981 in Cheongju, Chungcheongbuk-do) is a South Korean wrestler who won the Bronze medal in the Men's Greco-Roman 55kg in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He is also a Three-time world championship medalist, receiving Bronze in 2006, and Silver in 2005 and 2007. He lost both his world championship finals matches to Hamid Sourian. Park eventually beat Sourian in the Bronze medal match at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18845404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845404" title="Nurbakyt Tengizbayev">
Nurbakyt Tengizbayev

Nurbakyt Tengizbayev is a Kazakh wrestler who won the Bronze medal in the Men's Greco-Roman 60 kg in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18845412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845412" title="William Daunce">
William Daunce

William Daunce (also Dauntesey) (c.1500-1548) was an English Member of Parliament during the Tudor period.
He was the son of Sir John Daunce, General Surveyor of the King's Lands, from Thame in Oxfordshire and son-in-law of Sir Thomas More, having married his daughter, Elizabeth in 1525. Elizabeth and William had seven children together: John, Thomas, Bartholemew, William, Germain, Alice and Elizabeth. Three years later, William was appointed Teller of the Receipt of the Exchequer and was elected a Member of Parliament for Thetford from 1529 to 1536. He lived mostly in London, but also inherited land at Mursley in Buckinghamshire from his father. He died on 28 May 1548.

</doc>
<doc id="18845414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845414" title="Ruslan Tumenbaev">
Ruslan Tumenbaev

Ruslan Tumenbayev (born May 28, 1986 in Bishkek) is a Kyrgyz wrestler who won the bronze medal in the Men's Greco-Roman 60 kg in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18845453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845453" title="The Gay &amp; Lesbian Review Worldwide">
The Gay &amp; Lesbian Review Worldwide

The Gay & Lesbian Review Worldwide is a bimonthly, nationally distributed magazine of history, culture, and politics for LGBT people and their allies who are interested in the gamut of social, scientific, and cultural issues raised by same-sex sexuality. Library Journal (in its July 1995 issue) described it as “the journal of record for LGBT issues.” Currently, "The G&LR" has a circulation of 11,000.
History.
"The Harvard Gay & Lesbian Review" was founded by Dr. Richard Schneider Jr. in 1993 as an offshoot of "The Harvard Gay & Lesbian Newsletter", a publication serving Harvard University's GLBT alumni group that Dr. Schneider edited (1987–1995). (Dr. Schneider took a doctorate in sociology at Harvard in the early 1980s.) The original goal was to provide a vehicle for publishing gay-related talks given at Harvard University. One such talk was that of novelist Andrew Holleran, who agreed to the publication of his 1992 address, “My Harvard,” a recollection of his undergraduate years—but only if the 8,000-word entry were published in its entirety. This called for a new vehicle, and the idea for a supplementary publication was born.
At the same time, the supply of serious GLBT publications was dwindling. "Christopher Street", a venerable literary journal, was in decline, as was Boston-based "Gay Community News". A magazine called "Out/Look" had come and gone. "The Advocate", once an eclectic grab-bag of news, literary pieces, and political agitprop, was becoming a newsmagazine with a focus on politics and celebrities, going to a slick format ostensibly to compete with the newly founded Out and Genre magazines. But a void existed when it came to serious, in-depth discussion of GLBT history and culture, which Dr. Schneider set out to fill with "The Harvard Gay & Lesbian Review", whose first quarterly issue came out in Winter 1994.
Initially published by the Harvard Gay & Lesbian Caucus, in 1996 the magazine was organized as a 501(c)(3) educational corporation. In 2000, the magazine’s name was changed to "The Gay & Lesbian Review Worldwide" to reflect its independent status, and in 2001 the Review started to publish on a bimonthly basis.
Current status.
As of 2008, paid subscriptions totaled about 8,000, with circulation estimated at 12,000. Dr. Schneider has remained editor-in-chief. Martha E. Stone, literary editor, has served from the beginning as well. As of August 2008, the G&LR had published 75 issues.
From the magazine’s inception, each issue has been organized around a conceptual theme with essays from leading scholars and writers in the given field. Recent themes have included, for example, “The science of homosexuality,” “Eros and God,” and “Weird Psychology.” In addition to these essays, which account for about 60% of the magazine’s content, each issue offers book reviews, several poems, and special columns such as “International Spectrum” and “Artist’s Profile.” The Review has recently launched a redesigned website at www.GLReview.org, which offers a sampling of articles from the current and past issues, writers’ guidelines, subscription information, and so on.
The mission of "The Gay & Lesbian Review Worldwide" is to provide a forum for enlightened discussion of issues and ideas of importance to lesbians and gay men; to advance gay and lesbian culture by providing a quality vehicle for its best writers and thinkers; and to educate a broader public on gay and lesbian topics.”

</doc>
<doc id="18845465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845465" title="Billy Jackson (American football)">
Billy Jackson (American football)

Billy Thurman Jackson (born September 13, 1959 in Phenix City, Alabama) is a former professional American football running back in the National Football League for the Kansas City Chiefs. He played college football at the University of Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="18845475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845475" title="Li Ju">
Li Ju

Li Ju (; born on January 22, 1976 in Nantong, Jiangsu) is a female Chinese table tennis player.

</doc>
<doc id="18845484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845484" title="SS Louis Sheid">
SS Louis Sheid

SS "Louis Sheid" was a 6,057 ton Belgian steamer that ran aground off Devon after escaping following the rescue of the captain and crew of the freighter on 7 December 1939. 
"Louis Shied" measured long with a beam of . She was built by Nord Werft of Wesermunder under the name "Ultor" and renamed "Kendal Castle" prior to being badged "Louis Sheid" for the Belgian National Shipping Line. 
"Louis Sheid" sits in of water off Leas Foot beach at Thurlestone at . It is a reasonable snorkel out so some divers opt to do this as a boat dive.
Two Thirds Blue Sub-Aqua Club (SAA 912) adopted the wreck under the scheme run by the Nautical Archaeology Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18845489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845489" title="Holmes Colbert">
Holmes Colbert

Holmes Colbert (Chickasaw) was a leader of the Chickasaw Nation in what would become Oklahoma. Of mixed European and Chickasaw ancestry, Colbert was born to his mother's Chickasaw clan and gained status through them, as the tribe was matrilineal. 
Educated in an American school, he also learned of European-American culture and contributed to his tribe. He helped write the Chickasaw Nation's constitution in the 1850s after its removal to Indian Territory and reorganization of its government. Colbert served as the tribe's delegate to Washington, DC after the American Civil War.
Early life and education.
Holmes Colbert was of mixed race, the son of Benjamin Franklin "Frank" Colbert, of mixed race, and a Chickasaw mother. He was a descendant of James Logan Colbert, a Scots trader from North Carolina who settled in Chickasaw country in the mid-18th century, and his third wife, who had a Chickasaw mother and belonged to her clan. They had six sons. Other sources say the Colberts had five sons. Because the Chickasaw have a matrilineal system, children are considered born into their mother's clan and they gain status in the tribe through her people, including any hereditary leadership positions. The status of their mothers, combined with their father's access to trade goods, led to the Colbert men becoming prominent landowners and leaders in the Chickasaw nation.
Marriage and children.
Colbert married Betsy Love, who was also of mixed race. They were both well educated, having been sent to schools out of state. Their mothers' clans were influential families in the Chickasaw Nation who were grooming their children for the future. They had three children together, but two died before the American Civil War.
The Colberts' leadership contributions.
The Colbert sons were William, George, Levi, Samuel, Joseph, and Pittman (or James). For nearly a century, the Colbert men and their descendants provided critical leadership during the Chickasaw tribe's greatest challenges. 
The Chickasaw allied with the United States during the War of 1812. William Colbert served with General Andrew Jackson against the Red Sticks during the Creek Wars of 1813-14, which became part of that conflict. His brothers George and Levi also served. The brothers were prominent landowners and a political force within their clan and the Chickasaw Nation. George and Levi Colbert were negotiators and interpreters during the tribe's negotiations with the US government related to Indian Removal. 
Third-generation Colberts, such as Holmes and Winchester, created the governmental foundation of the Chickasaw Nation in Indian Territory (now known as Oklahoma). In the 1850s, Holmes Colbert helped write the constitution for their government. 
Colbert and his wife owned about of cleared land, with more in timber, and held numerous eight adult enslaved African Americans and several children in what is now Oklahoma. 
After the American Civil War, the US required a new treaty from the Chickasaw, who had supported the Confederacy. One of the provisions required them to emancipate their slaves, as the US had done, and offer those who wanted to stay in Indian Territory citizenship as Chickasaw. They became known as the Chickasaw Freedmen and were considered members of the nation, with voting rights.

</doc>
<doc id="18845496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845496" title="Orange Nash Stoddard">
Orange Nash Stoddard

Orange Nash Stoddard (August 23, 1812—February 10, 1892) was a professor of natural science at Miami University and the College of Wooster who served as president pro tem of Miami University in 1854.
He was born in Lisle, New York, and received his A.B. degree from Union College 1834. He earned M.A. and LL.D. degrees at Monmouth College. He joined the Miami faculty in 1845 and among his more prominent students were Benjamin Harrison, David Swing, John Willock Noble and Whitelaw Reid. At Miami, he became a faculty member of Phi Delta Theta and was known affectionately as "Stoddy" and "the Little Wizard" by his students. Stoddard and his wife, Eliza lived in a historic home at 14 South Campus Avenue in Oxford where they raised their three daughters who graduated from the Oxford Female College. He resigned in 1870 to assume a professorship at the College of Wooster where he died in 1892 while serving as professor emeritus.
Stoddard Hall on the Miami campus was named for him in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="18845508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845508" title="Grzegorz Kasprzik">
Grzegorz Kasprzik

Grzegorz Kasprzik (born 20 September 1983 in Pyskowice) is a Polish footballer who currnetly plays for LKS Nieciecza. He also holds German citizenship.
Career.
Kasprzik began his career with Górnik Zabrze. Later he played for youth teams of Hamburger SV. In 2005, after playing for Górnik Zabrze reserves Kasprzik was signed with Przyszłość Ciochowice and two years later he joined Piast Gliwice. In 2009 he became Lech Poznań player.
Personal life.
Kasprzik's younger brother, Tomasz is also goalkeeper who plays for LZS Leśnica.

</doc>
<doc id="18845511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845511" title="Highlands Historic District (Moose, Wyoming)">
Highlands Historic District (Moose, Wyoming)

The Highlands Historic District in Grand Teton National Park is a former private inholding within the park boundary. The inholding began as a 1914 homestead belonging to Harry and Elizabeth Sensenbach, who began in the 1920s to supplement their income by catering to automobile-borne tourists. In 1946 the property was purchased by Charles Byron, Jeanne Jenkins and Gloria Jenkins Wardell, who expanded the accommodations by one or two cabins a year in a U-shaped layout around a central lodge. The lodge and cabins are constructed in a rustic log style, considered compatible with park architecture. The Highlands was neither an auto camp, which encouraged short stays, nor a dude ranch, which provided ranch-style activities. The Highlands encouraged stays of moderate length, providing a variety of relatively sedentary amenities.
The National Park Service acquired the property in 1972 and uses it to house seasonal employees. The acquisition allowed the Park Service to demolish most of the nearby Mages Ranch - Elbo Ranch property. The Highlands was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 19, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18845525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845525" title="The Ford Sunday Evening Hour">
The Ford Sunday Evening Hour

The Ford Sunday Evening Hour was an hour-long concert music radio series, sponsored by the Ford Motor Company, which was broadcast from 1934 to 1946, with a hiatus from 1942 to 1945. Later known as The Ford Symphony Hour, the program presented selections of classical music, hymns, popular ballads and well-known arias.
The series featured a rotation of different conductors, including Victor Kolar, Fritz Reiner, Wilfred Pelletier and John Barbirolli. Soloists included soprano Kirsten Flagstad, tenor Thomas Hayward, Helen Jepson, contralto Gladys Swarthout, tenor Richard Tauber, baritone John Charles Thomas (a 1936-37 regular) and Lawrence Tibbett.
Background.
William Reddick became producer of the program in 1936. Henry Ford was closely involved in the program, from choosing the theme ("The Children's Prayer" from "Hansel and Gretel") to hiring the Detroit Symphony Orchestra.
On CBS, the series began October 7, 1934, on Sunday evenings at 9pm, continuing until March 1, 1942. It returned Sundays at 8pm on ABC September 30, 1945, airing until June 23, 1946. During the weekly intermission, William John Cameron (former editor of the Dearborn Independent and directly responsible for the publication in the 1920s of the anti-Semitic Protocols of the Elders of Zion) of the Ford Motor Company delivered brief talks on a variety of topics from sports to economics. These talks were collected into a several books published by Ford.
Replacements.
During the summer months, it was replaced by The Ford Summer Hour, featuring Donald Voorhees, Meredith Willson, James Melton, Francia White and Jane Pickens.
When "The Ford Sunday Evening Hour" came to an end, the Ford Motor Company immediately launched one week later, The Ford Festival of American Music which offered the full spectrum of popular music, from swing to show tunes, along with folk and classical selections. Leigh Harline conducted the orchestra, and Alfred Drake was the host of the show, produced by George Zachary. It aired from June 30 to September 22, 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="18845557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845557" title="Hugh Tinney">
Hugh Tinney

Hugh Tinney is an Irish pianist, born in 1958.
Biography.
Tinney was a pupil at Gonzaga College, Dublin through the 1970s where he showed strong ability in mathematics and music. He also studied cello under Betty Barrett. He studied physics at Trinity College Dublin. As a young musician, in 1983 he won the first prize of the International Ettore Pozzoli Piano Competition that takes place in Seregno, Italy. In 1984, he won the Paloma O'Shea International Piano Competition.
Since he debuted in 1987 Proms, performing Beethoven's 5th Piano Concerto along with the BBC National Orchestra of Wales he has developed an intense concert career throughout the United Kingdom, having collaborated with orchestras such as the London's Royal Philharmonic, London Philharmonic, Philharmonia and Mozart players, the City of Birmingham Symphony, the Royal Scottish National Orchestra, the RTÉ National Symphony Orchestra and Dublin's Orchestra of St. Cecilia - with whom he performed Mozart's 21 Mozart piano concertos among 1995-98. Dublinese highlights of Tinney's solo career include two major recital series in the at the Irish Museum of Modern Art (1991, 1995) and six recitals on Beethoven's piano sonatas at the Royal Dublin Society (2000–02). Furthermore, he has extensively performed at an international level, having acted in Spanish, Czech, Belgian, Finnish, French, Japanese and American festivals. 
Throughout his career Tinney has cultivated chamber music, collaborating with the Borodin, Tokyo, Vanbrugh and Vogler String Quartets, as well as musicians such as Finghin Collins, John O'Conor, John Finucane, Carol McGonnell, Bernadette Greevy, Steven Isserlis and Catherine Leonard. As a concert pianist, his major achievements were a 5th prize in the 9th Leeds Int. Competition and winning the 8th Santander Int. Competition.
Tinney is a professor at the Royal Irish Academy of Music, and has served as the Music Festival in Great Irish Houses' Artistic Director between 2000-06. His older sister Eithne Tinney is also a concert pianist, as well as an RTÉ producer, and a director of the Educational Building Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18845575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845575" title="Joe Rosen">
Joe Rosen

Joe Rosen (December 25, 1920 – October 12, 2009) was an American comic book artist, primarily known for his work as a letterer. Over the course of his career with Marvel Comics and DC Comics, Rosen lettered such titles as "Captain America", "Daredevil", "Spider-Man", "G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero", "The Incredible Hulk", "The Further Adventures of Indiana Jones", and "X-Factor". He also lettered the DC/Marvel intercompany crossover book "Superman and Spider-Man".
Biography.
Rosen started his career in the production department of Fawcett Comics, where he worked from 1940–1943. He then joined DC Comics' production department, lettering at that publisher until the mid-1950s. By then he had established a prolific freelance career, including with Harvey Comics, where he was known as speedy, professional, and a "quiet fellow." Rosen lettered almost exclusively for Harvey throughout the rest of the 1950s.
In the 1960s and early 1970s, Rosen created pencil artwork for the DC Comics romance title "Girls' Love Stories". From 1969–1971 he also drew stories for DC's "Secret Hearts". In the 1960s, while continuing to letter for DC and Harvey, Rosen also lettered for Marvel Comics, occasionally in 1968-69, and regularly from 1974 onward. Beginning in the 1980s, and throughout the rest of his career, Rosen worked almost exclusively for Marvel.
In 1975 he began lettering "Daredevil". Rosen would work on 127 issues of the comic over 16 years.
His brother was Sam Rosen, also a long-time Marvel Comics letterer. Joe Rosen died October 12, 2009.
Tributes.
Tom Spurgeon, the Comics Reporter:
Rick Parker, long-time letterer:

</doc>
<doc id="18845591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845591" title="Akerman LLP">
Akerman LLP

Akerman LLP is a large law firm, based in Miami, Florida. It was founded in 1920 and has grown to become one of the largest in the United States. In 2012, the National Law Journal ranked the firm as 90th largest in the U.S. by number of attorneys, and the largest Florida-based firm. In 2012, Law360 ranked Akerman Senterfitt as 94th largest in the U.S. by the number of attorneys practicing "within" the U.S. The firm is headquartered at 1 SE 3rd Avenue in Downtown Miami. Akerman Senterfitt is generally known for its Corporate, Real Estate, Construction, Government Relations, Labor & Employment, Litigation, and Intellectual Property law practices and has been recognized for encouraging diversity.
History.
Early history.
Akerman Senterfitt, LLP is a full-service law firm headquartered in Miami, Florida. The current Chairman & CEO is Andrew Smulian. It was founded in 1920 by Orlando attorneys Alexander Akerman and John Moses Cheney as Cheney & Akerman, with offices in the Dollins Building on 10 West Pine, Orlando, Florida. By 1925, following the death of John Cheney a few years earlier, Alexander partnered with his first cousin Hugh Akerman as Akerman & Akerman. By 1931, Alexander had retired and Hugh's brothers Emory Akerman and Joe Akerman joined the family-owned firm. In 1933, Allison E. Palmer and William H. "Billy" Dial were hired. They were among the first attorneys to join the firm who were not related to the Akerman family. In 1936, Hugh Akerman and Billy Dial formed a partnership with Hugh's brother William Y. "Willie" Akerman. As Akerman, Dial & Akerman, these three men were largely responsible for the success of the firm up through the 1950s. Other figures in the firm's early history were George Garrett (1930s), Ed Shinkelzer (sp?) (1930s), Joe S. Kirton (1940s), Ben B. Moss (1940s), George T. Eidson, Jr. (1951), Ferg Monroe Alleman (1956), W. Stewart Gilman (1956), William G. Mateer (1957) and Donald T. Senterfitt (1958). Name partners Eidson and Senterfitt played major roles in the growth and success of the firm from the 1950s through the 1990s.
Some early clients of the firm included Orange County, Florida, the Gentile Brothers Company, A. Duda & Sons, and the Dr. P. Phillips Company. In 1934, a group of local businessmen, including Akerman attorneys Billy Dial and Allison Palmer, organized the First National Bank of Orlando (which later became SunBanks, now known as SunTrust Banks). In the 1950s, Dial was involved in bringing defense contractor Martin Marietta to the area. In the same decade, Billy Dial (as a member of the state Road Board) and Martin Andersen, owner of the Sentinel Star (now Orlando Sentinel), were instrumental in the routing of Interstate 4 through the Orlando area. Dial is also credited with bringing the Florida Turnpike through Orlando, but this was actually the result of a combination of fortuitous circumstances, not least of which was local opposition to the initial plans to locate the interstate through the eastern coastal counties of Florida. The decisions to bring I-4 and the Florida Turnpike through the area literally made Orlando into the crossroads of Florida, one of the factors that later led to Walt Disney's choice of the area as the location for his amusement park, Walt Disney World.
Geographical growth.
Akerman Senterfitt acquired its first office outside of Orlando (in Winter Park, Florida) in May 1958 with the merger of Turnbull & Senterfitt. The Winter Park office was in business up until about 1963, when Nat M. Turnbull departed the firm. In 1982, a Miami office was opened, marking the beginning of the firm’s current sustained pattern of expansion. Two short-lived offices were opened in Tallahassee, the first in the late 1970s and again in 1986; however, a permanent presence in Tallahassee was not established until January 1991 with the merger of Moffitt, Hart & Herron. This merger also gained Akerman Senterfitt its Tampa office. The 1990s saw Akerman Senterfitt’s greatest expansion, mostly through mergers and acquisitions of other law firms. New offices were opened in Tavares, Florida (August 1996), West Palm Beach, Florida (December 1995), Fort Lauderdale, Florida (June 1997) and Jacksonville, Florida (late 1999). In 2010, Akerman took over the Palm Beach and Boca Raton offices of Butzel Long, and expanded the Akerman West Palm Beach office. As a result, by the late 1990s, Akerman Senterfitt was recognized as one of the largest law firms in the state. In the early 2000s, the firm opened its first offices outside of the state in Washington D.C. (April 2004) and New York City (November 2005), followed soon thereafter by Las Vegas, Nevada and Dallas, Texas. Recently, the firm has opened offices in Boca Raton, Florida (June 2010), Salt Lake City, Utah (August 2011), Tysons Corner, Virginia, Los Angeles, California, Madison, Wisconsin, and most recently Chicago, Illinois (January 2014).
Recent developments.
Akerman Senterfitt is now known as Akerman LLP.
Merger difficulties.
Akerman Senterfitt's management had planned a merger with the 300+ lawyer Philadelphia-based law firm of WolfBlock, which would have created a single 800-lawyer firm. But on 7 August 2008, the two firms released a joint statement explaining that the merger had been put on hold due to “a client conflict that cannot be discussed publicly”. WolfBlock later dissolved in March 2009 due to financial problems.
Practice areas.
Akerman Senterfitt has the largest corporate, intellectual property, and litigation practices in the State of Florida. The firm also has large practices in construction law, real estate, bankruptcy, labor and employment law, and lobbying.

</doc>
<doc id="18845607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845607" title="HMT Elk (1902)">
HMT Elk (1902)

HMT "Elk" was a 181-ton former fishing trawler built in 1902. She served in the Royal Navy in World War II, until sunk without loss of life having hit a mine off Plymouth in November 1940.
Ship history.
"Elk" was built by Cook, Welton & Gemmell at Beverley, Yorkshire, launched on 21 August 1902, and first operated from Grimsby. During World War I she was hired by the Admiralty and served as a minesweeper from 1914 until 1918. She was then operated commercially under various owners at Grimsby, Hakin and Plymouth. "Elk" was hired by the Admiralty in November 1939 to serve as a danlayer (laying buoys in channels cleared by minesweepers) and was armed with one 6-pounder gun. HMT "Elk" was sunk by a mine south-east of Penlee Point off Plymouth on 27 November 1940. There were no casualties.
The "Elk" was re-discovered by divers in 1981 upright on a sandy bed at in of water with a drop-off in excess of .

</doc>
<doc id="18845611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845611" title="USS Jekyl (AG-135)">
USS Jekyl (AG-135)

USS "Jekyl" (AG-135/AKL-6) was a "Camano"-class cargo ship constructed for the U.S. Army as USA "FS-282" shortly before the end of World War II and later acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1947. She was configured as a transport and cargo ship and was assigned post-war to support various island outposts in the Pacific Ocean.
Built on Long Island, New York.
"Jekyl" (AG-135) was built in 1944 by Wheeler Shipbuilding Corp., Long Island, New York, for the U.S. Army and served as USAT "F8-282" until being transferred to the Navy at Guam 22 February 1947. She was converted to Navy use and commissioned at Guam 2 May 1947, Lt. F. E. Richards in command.
Post-war Pacific Ocean support.
One of a group of small Army cargo ships transferred to the Navy for use among the Pacific Ocean islands, "Jekyl" carried ammunition, food, and supplies to various island bases and outposts. 
She operated mainly from Kwajalein Atoll, and steamed through the Mariana Islands and the Caroline Islands to Pearl Harbor in support of occupation forces. The ship also transported officials of the civil governments and helped carry native products as America began to restore normal life to the ravaged Pacific. 
On 31 March 1949 she was reclassified AKL-6.
Post-war decommissioning.
The ship was relieved of her duties in December 1949 and arrived Pearl Harbor on the 15th. From there she steamed to Seattle, Washington, where she decommissioned 12 April 1950, and was placed in reserve at Astoria, Oregon. "Jekyl" was sold 18 May 1960 and scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="18845629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845629" title="William Colbeck (seaman)">
William Colbeck (seaman)

William Colbeck (1871–1930) was a British seaman who distinguished himself on two Antarctic expeditions. 
Biography.
Educated at Hull Grammar School, Colbeck served a merchant navy apprenticeship between 1886 and 1890, earning his second mate's certificate in 1890, first mate's certificate in 1892, master's in 1894 and extra master's in 1897. He was awarded a Royal Navy reserve commission in 1898. In that year he was invited by the Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink to join the Southern Cross Expedition to the Antarctic. This would be the first expedition to overwinter on the Antarctic mainland; Colbeck took charge of the expedition's magnetic observation work.
After returning to England in 1900, Colbeck was soon going southward again, this time in command of the relief ship "Morning", sent in early 1903 to resupply Captain Scott's "Discovery", then trapped in the ice at McMurdo Sound in the Antarctic. In January 1904 Colbeck returned with "Morning", this time with firm instructions that unless "Discovery" could be speedily released from the ice, she was to be abandoned; Colbeck was to bring Scott and the expedition home. In a race against time, and with a fortunate shift in ice conditions, "Discovery" was freed and sailed safely home. 
Thereafter Colbeck made no further Antarctic ventures and he died in 1930. 
Legacy.
His work there was commemorated by the naming of Cape Colbeck on the King Edward VII peninsula, at .

</doc>
<doc id="18845633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845633" title="Yuriy Kunakov">
Yuriy Kunakov

Yuriy Aleksandrovič Kunakov () is a Russian diver who won the silver medal in the 3 m spring synchro along with Dmitri Sautin in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18845642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845642" title="Somebody Said a Prayer">
Somebody Said a Prayer

"Somebody Said a Prayer" is a song written by Neil Thrasher and Craig Wiseman, and recorded by American country music artist Billy Ray Cyrus. It was released in August 2008 as the first single from the album "Back to Tennessee". The song first charted on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart at number 53 for the chart week of August 16, 2008. "Somebody Said a Prayer" was also made into a music video with a cameo from Cyrus' son, Trace Cyrus.
Content.
The song is a mid-tempo detailing two people — a mother in the first verse, and a teen-ager in the second verse — both of whom are dealing with stress in their lives. The mother in the first verse "almost let her job, her kids, her mind, her life go up in smoke" and the teen-ager attempted suicide by taking a bottle of pills. Both characters, however, find their lives improved (the mother is now "laughin' and lovin' and content", and the teen-ager is now seen every week by the narrator). According to the chorus, the two characters' lives were improved because of prayer.
The song features backing from a piano and a string section.
Critical reception.
Roughstock.com described the song favorably, saying "'Somebody Said a Prayer' finds Cyrus soaring vocally while the layered production backs him up. Fans of softer country production may not like the 'bombastic' elements of this song all that much because it seems as if it is overshadowing or with Billy Ray but it's a technique that's been used in pop/ Christian markets for ages… The lyrics are heartfelt and are right on par… If Billy Ray Cyrus was looking at sustaining his music career with 'Somebody Said A Prayer', Billy Ray has certainly delivered a song that will do just that."
Music video.
The music video for "Somebody Said a Prayer" first premiered in September 2008. The video was directed by award-winning director, Roman White. It also has a cameo from Cyrus' son, Metro Station lead-singer, Trace Cyrus. The video focuses around a grieving widow, her teenaged son, and her little girl, who are crushed by the death of her husband. Her little boy walks through the house to his room, after seeing his mother and siblings distraught, and kneels beside his bed to say a prayer. The prayer lifts the spirits of his family, and they join him in his room.
In September 2009, the video was nominated for the Gospel Music Channel's Music Video Awards.
Chart performance.
"Somebody Said a Prayer" debuted at number 53 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart. In September 2008, the song become Cyrus' fifteenth Top 40 single on the country charts. It reached a peak of number 33 on the week of November 15, 2008, giving Cyrus his first solo Top 40 single since "You Won't Be Lonely" reached number 17 in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18845646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845646" title="Orconikidze, Beylagan">
Orconikidze, Beylagan

Orconikidze (also, Ordzhonikidze) is a village in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18845648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845648" title="Illya Kvasha">
Illya Kvasha

Illya Kvasha (; born March 5, 1988) is a Ukrainian diver who won the bronze medal in the 3 m spring synchro along with Oleksiy Prygorov in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Kvasha is also a multiple European Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18845649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845649" title="Ali Ahmed Abdulla">
Ali Ahmed Abdulla

Ali Ahmed Abdulla is a member of Bahrain's parliament since 2002, representing the Al-Menbar Islamic Society, a Sunni party with close ties to the Muslim Brotherhood.

</doc>
<doc id="18845651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845651" title="Oleksiy Pryhorov">
Oleksiy Pryhorov

Oleksiy Pryhorov (; born June 25, 1987 in Kharkiv) is a Ukrainian diver who won the bronze medal in the 3 m spring synchro along with Illya Kvasha in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. The duo won gold at the same event during the 2010 European Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18845653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845653" title="Mike Abou-Mechrek">
Mike Abou-Mechrek

Mike Abou-Mechrek (born October 14, 1975, in Toronto, Ontario) is a professional Canadian football offensive linemen who is currently a free agent. He played CIS Football for the Western Ontario Mustangs. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845655" title="IVF (disambiguation)">
IVF (disambiguation)

IVF or in vitro fertilization is an assisted reproductive technology that involves fertilisation of an egg outside of the human body.
IVF may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18845657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845657" title="Orconikidze">
Orconikidze

Orconikidze may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18845672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845672" title="Gröna hund">
Gröna hund

Gröna hund, complete title Gröna Hund på Gröna Lund (Green Dog on Gröna Lund), was the first variety show produced by AB Svenska Ord. After that the writers/actors Hans Alfredsson and Tage Danielsson became known as Hasseåtage to the Swedish people. 
The show premièred on 27 April 1962 on Gröna Lund in Stockholm. It also made a few performances in Göteborg, Malmö and Oslo.
Personnel.
The show was written by both Hasse and Tage and directed by Tage. It was the first of the three "Dog-revues", the second being Gula Hund and the third one Svea hund. 
Other members the cast included Monica Zetterlund, Lissi Alandh, Emil "Mille" Schmidt, Lasse O'Månsson, Muriel Ari and Gunnar Svensson's trio.
Tage Danielsson at first only wanted to direct, since he doubted his skills on stage, but the other cast members managed to persuade him. He sang a satirical song about the MRA that was well liked. The show was also the debut for the character Lindeman. An act where Hasse was to be interviewed about something in the newspapers as his character Valfrid Lindeman. This act was improvised and therefore different from time to time.
Notable numbers.
The most famous number is probably Hasse Alfredssons "Ringaren" (The Bellringer), where he plays a bell-ringer who holds a monologue about the Church of Sweden and especially his own parish, which is very small, and their local Pastor Jansson. A very modern and young priest, who may not know The Ten Commandments but he's seen the movie, at least. 
The bell-ringer later returned in the variety show "Glaset i örat", where he made a phone call to Jansson, who now worked for a newspaper, wondering if he could write a little something about a (very unorthodox) play that the local parish had made about Jesus.
Production.
The show was filmed for TV and has since been released on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="18845680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845680" title="Simona Koch">
Simona Koch

Simona Koch (born May 27, 1968 in Berlin) is a retired diver from Germany, who competed for her native country at two Summer Olympics, in 1992 and 1996. She was affiliated with the "Berliner Turn- und Sportclub" in Berlin. Koch won two medals at the 1993 European Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18845703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845703" title="Jiang Yan">
Jiang Yan

Jiang Yan(江淹) was a poet and cifu writer in the Southern Dynasty of China, who occupies an important position in the history of the Southern Dynasty literature.
Jiang Yan says that he loves strange yet differences, which has relations with the admiration and pursuit of new and strange social trends and literary habits. This character also affects his making friends and writing style.

</doc>
<doc id="18845708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845708" title="Birinci Şahsevən">
Birinci Şahsevən

Birinci Şahsevən (also, Shakhsevan, Shakhsevan Pervoye, and Shakhsevan Pervyy) is a village and the most populous municipality, except the capital Beyləqan, in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 7,345. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845714" title="Qaradağlı, Beylagan">
Qaradağlı, Beylagan

Qaradağlı (also, Karadagly and Karadsely) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 690. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845723" title="Yuxarı Çəmənli">
Yuxarı Çəmənli

Yuxarı Çəmənli (also, Yukhary Chemenli) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 514. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845725" title="Colorado House career of Douglas Bruce">
Colorado House career of Douglas Bruce

The Colorado House of Representatives career of Douglas Bruce began with Bruce's appointment to a vacant legislative seat in November 2007 and his swearing-in in January 2008; he was a focal point of controversy during his one term in the state house, becoming the first legislator in Colorado history to be officially censured. He was defeated in the Republican primary in his 2008 bid for a full term.
2007 House appointment.
In October 2007, Bruce announced his plans to seek a seat in the Colorado House of Representatives. After Rep. Bill Cadman was appointed to fill a Senate seat vacated by Ron May, Bruce sought to be appointed to Cadman's seat representing House District 15. Bruce faced two other Republican challengers for the appointment during a short but contentious battle for the vacancy committee nomination, during which he questioned the professional credentials of one of his opponents, and opponents charged that he was too divisive a figure to successfully represent the district. Ultimately, Bruce received two-thirds of the votes from the 66 members of the vacancy committee, beating out former school board candidate and engineer Reginald Perry and businessman Steve Hasbrouck.
2008 legislative session.
Swearing-in controversy.
Bruce postponed being sworn in until January 14, 2008—several days after the start of the legislative session—in order to be eligible to serve a full four terms beyond the partial term under Colorado's term limits rules. The move was criticized by former Republican Senator Ron May and Democratic House Speaker Andrew Romanoff, who, in response to Bruce's actions, called for legislation requiring that newly appointed legislators be sworn in within a specific period of time. Such a bill, which would require appointed legislators to be sworn in within 14 days of their selection, was introduced later in the session by Democratic Reps. Paul Weissmann and Dorothy Butcher; Bruce took the unusual step for a legislator of testifying against the bill at a committee hearing, but the bill passed the state house, with Bruce casting the only dissenting vote.
Bruce clashed with legislative leaders over the time of his swearing-in, demanding to be sworn in at 10 a.m. in front of the full house. Both Speaker Romanoff and Republican leader Mike May requested that Bruce take the oath at a different time, as is customary for vacancy appointments, in order not to interfere with House business. Bruce was present at the 10 a.m. start of legislative business on January 14, but he was not officially recognized by Speaker Romanoff during the morning session. After House Republicans voted 22-1 to call for a representative to be named for District 15 if Bruce did not take the oath of office by the end of the day, Bruce was sworn in by Romanoff at 1:30 p.m.
Already fined for an unexcused absence from the commission meeting on Monday morning, Bruce submitted his resignation as an El Paso County Commissioner after being sworn in as a state representative, effective January 15. After his resignation, Bruce sent a letter to the vacancy committee members who would choose his replacement criticizing Amy Lathen, the leading candidate for his commission seat, as unqualified and inconsistent on tax issues, calling her a "Republican in Name Only;" the letter was denounced by El Paso County Republican Party officials. Lathen, who had planned for months to run a primary campaign for the commission seat against Bruce, was elected by the vacancy committee with a majority of votes on the first ballot.
Censure.
On the morning before he was sworn in, Bruce was present on the house floor during the session's morning prayer. Javier Manzano, a "Rocky Mountain News" photographer, took Bruce's picture during the prayer; Bruce kicked him in the knee, telling Manzano, "Do not do that again." Bruce later accused the photographer of "violating the order and decorum" of the house and refused to apologize. Republican Minority Leader Mike May issued a formal apology to the photographer, and state Republican chairman Dick Wadhams "strongly denounce" Bruce's actions. 
Speaker Romanoff and Minority Leader May convened a bipartisan six-member panel to investigate and made recommendations concerning the incident; on Friday, January 18, the panel recommended 6-0 that Bruce be censured by the House for his actions, and 5-1 that a formal apology be requested from Bruce. Although Manzano testified before the panel, he declined to press criminal charges against Bruce. 
Romanoff elected to pursue the censure recommendation, and, on January 24, the full House of Representatives voted 62-1 (with only Rep. Kevin Lundberg opposed) to censure Bruce. He became the first representative in the recorded history of the state house to be formally censured.
Legislative agenda.
For the 2008 session of the Colorado General Assembly, Bruce was named to seats on the House Finance Committee and the House State, Veterans, and Military Affairs Committee. At the start of the 2008 General Assembly session, before being sworn in, Bruce announced his opposition to a large portion of the House Republican caucus legislative agenda, including a sales tax holiday for school supplies, a pine beetle mitigation fund, new specialty license plates, and targeted tax credits, noting in a letter to Republican whip Cory Gardner: "I thought the GOP was the party of less government and more freedom, of protecting individualism, not streamlining socialism."
The first bill introduced by Bruce during the 2008 session was a measure to require the Colorado Department of Education to distribute copies of the Declaration of Independence and U.S. Constitution to high school seniors, to mandate classroom instruction on the documents, and to offer a brief constitutional law course to members of the Colorado General Assembly. The bill died after facing unanimous opposition from the House Education Committee.
Another of Bruce's bills, which would have prohibited counties from assessing any charges other than property taxes, including fines for delinquent payments or stormwater fees, on property tax bills, was also killed in committee. Bruce also advanced a measure which would have eliminated "per diem" expense payments for legislators and indexed legislators' pay to inflation, as well as requiring voter approval for any pay increases above this amount. All four bills introduced by Bruce were killed in committee. Late in the legislative session, Bruce introduced a bill to create a seven-member bipartisan panel, including three unaffiliated voters, to draw up Colorado's congressional and legislative districts following the 2010 census and reapportionment.
Bruce has also objected to the practice of attaching a "safety clause" to bills, a provision which uses a declaration that the bill is "necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health or safety" to change the date of enactment and prohibit challenges to the legislation via the petition process. He has pledged to vote against all legislation containing an unjustified safety clause, and has offered amendments to a number of bills to remove the safety clause. Bruce's amendments often failed on account of legislators' personal hostility towards him; on at least one occasion, after the house voted down his proposal to strike the safety clause, the motion passed after being introduced by another legislator. House members eventually developed the practice of supporting the removal of the safety clause if the legislator sponsoring the bill agreed; in 2008, 41% of bill passed had no safety clause, up from 25% the previous year.
Bruce also proposed several changes to House operations and procedure, including use of tasers by state capitol security—a proposal received favorably by legislative leaders—and increased office space for legislators—an idea not well received.
Bruce was a vocal critic of the proposed state budget debated during the 2008 legislative session, characterizing the budget's $3,500 in expenditures per Colorado resident as "fiscal child abuse." During budget debates, Bruce offered unsuccessful amendments to eliminate 524 new employees at colleges and universities, to cut a federally funded program for prevention of sexually transmitted diseases, and to prevent the transfer of 165 contract corrections employees to state payrolls. 
Bruce also joined with left-leaning and environmental groups in opposing proposed changes to Colorado's petition process that would raise signature requirements and make it more difficult to put proposals to amend the Colorado state constitution on the statewide ballot. 
Bruce also entered into debate on, and voted against, a bill to impose new requirements on landlords and set standards for rental properties. His actions generated criticism from other legislators, who argued that Bruce should have recused himself from voting on the measure because his ownership of rental properties created a conflict of interest; two other legislators recused themselves for similar reasons.
Removal from committee.
On February 13, Bruce, alone among 100 state legislators, refused to sign on as a cosponsor to an annual joint resolution recognizing Military and Veterans Appreciation Day. Bruce had protested other resolutions in the legislature as a waste of time, similar to his practice of refusing to vote on resolutions as an El Paso County commissioner. Later in the session, Bruce proposed a change to House rules to allow members to abstain from voting on resolutions.
In response to public complaints, Republican Minority Leader Mike May removed Bruce from the House State, Veterans and Military Affairs Committee, which oversees veterans' issues. Bruce dismissed the move as "political posturing." Other Republican legislators denounced Bruce in a public letter for "callous indifference" towards veterans. Bruce offered as evidence of his support for veterans his successful amendment to a house bill to include interest in a state repayment to the Colorado Veterans Trust Fund, a move which resulted in an additional $636,000 repaid to the fund. Bruce would later cite this as one of his major accomplishments during the 2008 session.
The following week, Bruce signed on as a cosponsor to an annual resolution calling for civility between members of the legislature; he said that it did not violate his standard of refusing to support symbolic resolutions because he considered the measure to be a "pledge of personal behavior."
Per diem controversy.
As a legislator, Bruce was entitled to apply for "per diem" compensation for living expenses during the legislative session. After having delayed his swearing-in to the state house for five days after the start of the session, Bruce applied for and received compensation for those days amounting to $750 more than what he was legally entitled to. Colorado legislative council staff later accepted responsibility for what was referred to as a "clerical error" and has pledged to return the excess funds.
Bruce has pledged to donate his legislative salary and "per diem" payments to the non-profit charity "Active Citizens Together," a group founded by Bruce to educate citizens on personal and property rights and advocate for limited government.
"Illiterate peasants" comments.
On April 21, 2008, Bruce voiced opposition during house debate on a bill sponsored by Rep. Marsha Looper to create a guest worker program to facilitate temporary employment visas for agricultural workers from Mexico. After speaking against illegal immigration and being advised to restrict comments to the bill by debate chair Rep. Kathleen Curry, Bruce took the floor a second time and commented:
Bruce was immediately gavelled to order by Rep. Curry, who ruled that he would no longer be recognized during debate on the bill. Bruce's comments were denounced by Assistant Majority Leader Terrance Carroll as violating the "decorum of the house;" they were also criticized by Minority Leader Mike May, the Mexican consulate in Denver. and the Anti-Defamation League. The following day, the Latino Faith-Based Initiative, and the Democratic Party Latino Initiative both called for Bruce's resignation from the legislature.
Bruce defended his remarks as being factually accurate, citing dictionary definitions of "illiterate" and "peasant". Legislators briefly considered bringing a formal ethics complaint against him, but ultimately chose not to. Legislators responded to Bruce's propensity for generating controversy by declaring that they would "start ignoring him". Rep. Curry requested additional law enforcement protection after receiving an influx of threatening messages from opponents of illegal immigration. Bruce, however, received hundreds of largely positive email messages in response to news coverage of the controversy. The following weekend, Bruce's comments were the target of a local protest in Colorado Springs attended by about 50.
Several days later, Bruce submitted an amendment — facetiously drafted by the "linguistic sensitivity codification commission" — to another bill addressing immigration issues to substitute "undocumented, temporary guest resident" in place of "illegal aliens" in statutory language. The amendment was offered and defeated twice.
Sexual harassment complaint.
On April 30, Bruce was the subject of a sexual harassment complaint after a female legislative staffer alleged that he made inappropriate verbal comments towards her. After being formally confronted by House Speaker Andrew Romanoff, Bruce was instructed to stay away from the woman who filed the complaint, according to reports by other representatives. Legislative leaders refused to publicly discuss the complaint, but Douglas Bruce stated in a radio interview that the incident in question involved only looking and smiling at a woman. 
After both Bruce and the woman involved were interviewed by attorneys, Bruce reported in July that the harassment complaint had been dismissed for lack of evidence, and suggested that the timing of the investigation's conclusion was politically motivated, coming just weeks before a contested primary race.
2008 election.
Bruce announced in November 2007 that he would stand in the 2008 general election for the House District 15 seat. He faces a challenge for the Republican nomination from attorney and Iraq War veteran Mark Waller. Following the precedent of his county commission campaign four years earlier, Bruce funded his own campaign, refusing to accept private campaign donations; instead, Bruce donated over $30,000 of his own money to his campaign. He did, however, unsuccessfully solicit donations for his charity, Active Citizens Together, from other lawmakers. Reflecting Bruce's status as a "pariah" among some Colorado Springs Republicans, Waller received endorsements or contributions during his campaign from at least five sitting state representatives, including Bob Gardner, Larry Liston, and Marsha Looper, as well as former Sen. Ron May and Colorado Attorney General John Suthers. 
Waller outpolled Bruce by receiving 57% of the vote at the Republican assembly in March, claiming the top line on the August Republican primary ballot; he was supported by some delegates who had voted for Bruce's legislative appointment months earlier. During his campaign, Waller did not draw a contrast on political positions with Bruce, but argued that Bruce's temperament caused him to be an ineffective legislator.
Bruce faced criticism from House Democratic and Republican leaders in April for distributing campaign fliers critical of Waller to Republican representatives on the House floor. Although not a violation of the law or House rules, legislative leaders denounced the action as a breach of decorum and tradition. Waller also called for Bruce's resignation in April 2008, after Bruce's controversial comments about Mexican guest workers. Bruce, in response, characterised Waller as a "conformer" rather than a "reformer," and stated that his controversial actions were designed to draw attention to inappropriate legislative actions.
Shortly before the August primary, Bruce was again criticized by Waller for mailing flyers promoting his charity, Active Citizens Together, soliciting volunteers and donations for the charity and stating: "to reform government, ACT with Douglas Bruce." Although Waller declared that the flyers were "an obvious attempt at campaigning," he did not file a complaint with the Colorado Secretary of State's office, as he believed no laws were actually broken; the flyers did not mention any of Bruce's elected positions. Bruce was also criticized for listing endorsements on his website from political officials who had endorsed his campaign for county commissioner, but not specifically endorsed his legislative campaign. After attention was called to the discrepancy, Bruce had the erroneous endorsements removed, citing an "overzealous webmaster."
In turn, Bruce filed several campaign finance complaints against Waller, all but one of which—an accusation that Waller improperly accepted a corporate donation—were dismissed. The hearing on Bruce's complaint was postponed until after the primary, over Bruce's objection, but resulted in Waller being cited and fined for failing to disclose a campaign contribution. Bruce also criticized Waller for his failure to vote in several recent elections, including the 2004 general election.
Bruce was narrowly defeated for the Republican nomination in the August 12 party primary, taking only 48 percent of the vote to Waller's 52 percent.
Democrat Allison Hunter withdrew from the race in December 2007, arguing that Bruce's appointment by a vacancy committee gave him "too great an advantage" in general election; Waller will face Democrat Michelle Maksimowicz in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18845727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845727" title="Aşağı Çəmənli">
Aşağı Çəmənli

Aşağı Çəmənli (also, Ashagy Chemenli and Novoye Chemenly) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,143. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845728" title="Hillel Weiss">
Hillel Weiss

Hillel Weiss is a professor of literature at Bar Ilan University in Israel. 
Academic career.
Hillel Weiss is a tenured professor at the Joseph & Norman Berman Department of Literature of the Jewish People, Faculty of Jewish Studies, Bar-llan University, Ramat-Gan, Israel. As head of the Department of Hebrew Literature, he changed its name to the Department of Literature of the Jewish People. He is the editor of “Bikoret U’parshanut,” a journal of literary criticism. 
As a literary researcher, he specializes in the work of Shmuel Yosef Agnon, about whom he has published five books. He developed a computerized database for the author's complete works, with 2,500,000 words that can be accessed online through a retrieval system. The access is through three main frames. Frame A: Poetics. General typhology, genres; motifs sources, poetic functions 
Frame B index of subjects, philosophy, history; society; psychology 
Frame C indices of individual works according to A and B, index of place and names, index of synopses; abstracts of criticism; bibliography
Views and opinions.
Hillel Weiss is a prominent figure of the Neo-Zionist movement. He was one of the founders of the religious peace movement in the early 1970s. He believes in the necessity of rebuilding the Temple and instating Jewish rule over Greater Israel. Weiss believes that secular Jews are betraying their cultural heritage if they deny the mythical aspect of the Masada narrative. In the chapter "The Messianic Theme in the Works of A.B. Yehoshua and Amos Oz" in the anthology "Israel and the Post-Zionists: A Nation at Risk", Weiss invokes the Holocaust as a cognitive filter to describe the actions of the right wing Israeli government and portrays post Zionism as a negation of a Jewish State, anti-Zionist and anti-Israel. Weiss views the Jewish experience as an "ongoing Shoah".
He has also opposed a visit by Pope Benedict XVI to Israel because of previously expressed views by the Holy See that Jerusalem should become an international city.
Controversy.
Weiss was the cause of a controversy during the 2005 Gay Pride Parade in Jerusalem when he said "this abomination should be expelled from the Holy City by any means necessary". Weiss became the subject of another controversy due to comments he made in August 2007, during the eviction of his daughter, Tehila Yahalom, from the Hebron wholesale market. Moshe Kaveh, president of Bar-Ilan University, denounced his remarks. The Council for Peace and security also criticized him.

</doc>
<doc id="18845731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845731" title="Qəhrəmanlı, Beylagan">
Qəhrəmanlı, Beylagan

Qəhrəmanlı (also Qahramanli, Kagramanli and Kagramanly) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,032. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845734" title="Aşıqalılar">
Aşıqalılar

Aşıqalılar (also, Ashgalar, Ashkallar, Ashygalylar, and Gadzhi-Kharrar) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,016. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845737" title="Əhmədli, Beylagan">
Əhmədli, Beylagan

Əhmədli (also, Akhmedli, Akhmedly, and Khaladzh) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,348. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845738" title="Okyeame">
Okyeame

Okyeame was a literary magazine founded by the Writers Workshop in Ghana in the post-independence era, which saw the rapid rise of a new generation of thinkers, writers and poets. The first of "Okyeame" issue appeared in 1960. Inspired by Ghana's then Prime Minister, Kwame Nkrumah, the publication sought to explore the experiences of Africa from a new intellectual framework. Writers published in the magazine included its first editor Kofi Awoonor, Efua Sutherland (later also editor), Ayi Kwei Armah and Ama Ata Aidoo.
Background.
The publication took its name from a traditional Ghanaian figure, the "spokesperson" or "linguist" responsible for channelling communication between a leader and his people. "Okyeame" magazine sought to give voice to Kwame Nkrumah's dream of a new African identity. Articles called for a Ghanaian poetry whose content and form was based on oral tradition, drum poetry. These ran alongside traditional oral works translated by leading contemporary poets, such as founding editor Kofi Awoonor, and texts were interspersed with icons and Adinkra symbols. Like its namesake, "Okyeame" was not simply a mouthpiece; it was also an "interpreter" and an "ambassador in foreign courts". It provided a platform for a new generation of writers to experiment with a versatile, hybrid Pan-African linguistics that combined African oral influences with African-American literary devices; rural with urban imagery; phonetic innovations with lyricism and wordplay; and dirge rhythms with jazz free-play. The "Okyeame" magazine era is recalled by some scholars such as a time when its writers functioned "like the foot soldiers of Nkrumah in the cultural field".
References.
"This article uses text from chimurengalibrary.co.za under the GFDL"

</doc>
<doc id="18845740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845740" title="Gödəklər, Beylagan">
Gödəklər, Beylagan

Gödəklər (also, Gëdaklar and Kyudaklar) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 517.

</doc>
<doc id="18845746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845746" title="Gödəklər">
Gödəklər

Gödəklər or Gëdaklar or Gyudaklyar or Kyudaklar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18845751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845751" title="Li Duihong">
Li Duihong

Li Duihong (Chinese: 李对红; born January 25, 1970 in Daqing, Heilongjiang) is a female Chinese sports shooter. She won the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games in the 25m sport pistol.

</doc>
<doc id="18845755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845755" title="George Dougan">
George Dougan

George Dougan (1891-1955) was a dispensary doctor and MP for Central Armagh in the Parliament of Northern Ireland. Dougan was elected to Stormont on 15 March 1941, replacing David Shillington.
Dr. Dougan practiced in Church Street, Portadown where he was a prominent Orangeman.

</doc>
<doc id="18845756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845756" title="Moto (magazine)">
Moto (magazine)

Moto was founded in 1959 in Zimbabwe's Midlands town of Gweru as a weekly community newspaper by the Catholic church. From these modest beginnings, Moto fast became one of the most outspoken voices in the liberation war, providing scathing criticism of the colonial government and support for African nationalist parties. Banned by the Smith regime in 1974, it re-emerged in 1980, first as a newspaper and then as one of the first magazines to provide content in ChiShona, SiNdebele and English.
Moto faced a new set of challenges in the post-liberation era. Firstly, it needed to make the transition from the campaigning stance it adopted in the days of Zimbabwe's Unilateral Declaration of Independence, to a critical, independent voice in the era of majority rule. Under a mandate of being "the voice of the voiceless and defender of the downtrodden", it switched its focus to issues generally marginalised by the state-controlled press, running socio-economic and human-interest stories, often set in rural communities. The magazine also had to negotiate the sometimes awkward relationship between its church base and its outspoken political stance. In this regard it regularly ran features on the formation of the African clergy, paying particular attention to the elevation of Africans to the hierarchy and the ranks of the canonized. Despite ongoing economic difficulties and opposition from the Mugabe government, who made several attempts to shut down the publication, Moto's readership continues to grow, amongst intellectuals, professionals and students, as well as rural readers.
Notes.
"This text is taken from http://www.chimurengalibrary.co.za/periodicals.php?id=5" 

</doc>
<doc id="18845757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845757" title="Hugo Kiesse">
Hugo Kiesse

Hugo Enrique Kiesse (born 18 October 1954 in Tebicuary) is a former football midfielder that could also play as a striker, from Paraguay.
Career.
Kiesse started his career in Olimpia Asunción where he won the 1975 Paraguayan 1st division and was the league topscorer in the same year. He was transferred to Club América of Mexico for the 1975/1976 season where he became an important player for the club winning several titles and playing a total of 105 games scoring 19 goals. Kiesse then moved to Tecos UAG where he became the all-time topscorer of the club with 115 goals. He also played for Atlas. He became Mexican citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="18845765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845765" title="Bünyadlı, Beylagan">
Bünyadlı, Beylagan

Bünyadlı (also, , Buniyatly, and Bunyadly) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,270. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845776" title="Bünyadlı">
Bünyadlı

Bünyadlı or or Buniyatly or Binyatly or Biniatlou may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18845780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845780" title="Dünyamalılar">
Dünyamalılar

Dünyamalılar (also, Dun’yamalylar, Dünyamallar, and Dunyamallar) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 5,968. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845823" title="Charles Moser">
Charles Moser

Charles Moser may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18845846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845846" title="Jerry Ujdur">
Jerry Ujdur

Gerald Raymond Ujdur (born March 5, 1957 in Duluth, Minnesota) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Ujdur pitched in all or part of five seasons from through .
Ujdur was selected by the Detroit Tigers in the 4th round of the 1978 Major League Baseball Draft. He originally made it to the majors in 1980, but pitched just one full season in the majors, in . That year, he won 10 games with an ERA of 3.69 and finished second in the American League in hits per nine innings (7.58). He had a rough start to the season, with a 7.15 ERA in 11 games, and was sent back to the minors. He was released after the season and, after a brief stint with the Cleveland Indians in 1984, was done in the majors.

</doc>
<doc id="18845871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845871" title="İmamverdili">
İmamverdili

İmamverdili (also, Birinci İmamverdili, Imamverdili Pervoye, and Imash-Verdylyar) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,200. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845874" title="Şəfəq, Beylagan">
Şəfəq, Beylagan

Şəfəq (also, Shefek) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,145. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845883" title="Şəfəq">
Şəfəq

Şəfəq or Shefek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18845884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845884" title="Abutaleb">
Abutaleb

Abutaleb is a name that may refer to the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="18845890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845890" title="Jewish Board of Family and Children's Services">
Jewish Board of Family and Children's Services

The Jewish Board of Family and Children’s Services (JBFCS), one of the United States' largest nonprofit mental health and social service agencies, has been established for over 110 years. Today, as for other such agencies, its services are non-sectarian. There are 2,200 employees and 2,000 volunteers serving over 55,000 New Yorkers annually at its community-based programs, residential facilities, and day-treatment centers in each of the five boroughs as well as Westchester. 
Programs available cover: 
Adults Living with Mental Illness,
Children and Adolescent Services,
Volunteer,
Jewish Community Services,
Counseling Services,
Domestic Violence & Preventive Services,
Early Childhood & Learning,
People Living with Developmental Disabilities,
Professional and Leadership Development

</doc>
<doc id="18845891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845891" title="Xaçınabad">
Xaçınabad

Xaçınabad (also, Khachinstroy) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 195. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845897" title="Şərq">
Şərq

Şərq (also, Sharg) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,909.

</doc>
<doc id="18845902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845902" title="Təzəkənd, Beylagan">
Təzəkənd, Beylagan

Təzəkənd (also, Tazakend) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,880. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845903" title="Roman Volod'kov">
Roman Volod'kov

Roman Volod'kov (; born August 12, 1973 in Zaporizhzhia) is a retired diver from Ukraine, who represented his native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996. He is best known for winning an individual bronze medal at the European Championships in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18845908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845908" title="Birinci Aşıqlı">
Birinci Aşıqlı

Birinci Aşıqlı (also, Ashykhly Pervoye) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,981. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845909" title="İkinci Aşıqlı">
İkinci Aşıqlı

İkinci Aşıqlı (also, Ashykhly Vtoroye) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,600. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845912" title="Kəbirli, Beylagan">
Kəbirli, Beylagan

Kəbirli (also, Kebirli) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 4,250.

</doc>
<doc id="18845918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845918" title="Tatalılar">
Tatalılar

Tatalılar (also, Tatalylar, Tatarlar, and Titilyar) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,083. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845921" title="Eyvazalılar">
Eyvazalılar

Eyvazalılar (also, Eyvazallar, Eyvazalylar, and Eyvazlılar) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,248. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845925" title="Örənqala">
Örənqala

Örənqala (also, Orankala) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,840.

</doc>
<doc id="18845929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845929" title="Dərvişli">
Dərvişli

Dərvişli (also, Dovrushlu and Dervishli) is a village and municipality in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,374. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845936" title="Təzəkənd (39° 32' N 48° 24' E), Bilasuvar">
Təzəkənd (39° 32' N 48° 24' E), Bilasuvar

Tazakend (also, Beyuk-Tazakend) is a village in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18845937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845937" title="Luis Herrera de la Fuente">
Luis Herrera de la Fuente

Luis Herrera de la Fuente (born April 25, 1916) is a Mexican conductor, pianist, violinist, composer and writer of the 20th century. De la Fuente has gained many recognitions and awards in Mexico and worldwide. He conducted the Orquesta Sinfónica Nacional of Mexico for 18 years. He was also conductor of the Orquesta Sinfónica de Minería.
Herrera de la Fuente was born in Mexico City. He began his formal education in Escuela Nacional de Música de la UNAM with Estanislao Mejía and José F. Vázquez. He studied piano with Santos Carlos, violin with Luis G. Saloma, singing with David Silva, and composition with Rodolfo Halffter. He began his practice in conducting with Sergiu Celibidache and in Zurich with Hermann Scherchen.
His research in folk and colonial music can be found in the Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes.

</doc>
<doc id="18845954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845954" title="Jack Russell Weinstein">
Jack Russell Weinstein

Jack Russell Weinstein is an American philosopher specializing in the history of philosophy, political philosophy, Adam Smith, and contemporary liberal theory. He is currently a Professor in the Department of Philosophy and Religion at the University of North Dakota. He is the director of The Institute for Philosophy in Public Life and the host of the public radio show "Why? Philosophical discussions about everyday life". He was an influential student activist in the 1980s.
Life and education.
Jack Russell Weinstein was born on October 1, 1969, in New York City, to parents Joyce Ellen (artist and high school teacher) and Mark Weinstein (philosopher and jazz flute-player). He grew up in Washington Heights, Manhattan, and initially fared poorly in school. He went on to college at the State University of New York at Plattsburgh through a students-at-risk program. It was there that his academic interest flourished, where he was able to pursue his long-held interests in reading, writing, and learning in the free university environment. He began his studies in English but quickly changed to Philosophy with a minor in Political Science. While in school, Weinstein participated actively in politics and became a political organizer for student issues around New York state. He was also a D.J. for a ska show on WPLT 93.9 FM, and worked on the student paper as editor in chief and a columnist. Receiving his undergraduate diploma in 1991, he went on to graduate school at Boston University, where he received his M.A. in 1996 and Ph.D. in 1998, both in Philosophy. 
Weinstein deliberated extensively whether or not to go on to graduate school or continue as a political organizer, an activity he had immersed himself in during his college years. He was named plaintiff in a class action suit (Cianfrocco & Weinstein v. Clinton County Board of Elections, 1989—the name is not exact) intended to give college students in New York the right to vote in their college towns, and leading a contingent of over a hundred students who stormed the State House in Albany, New York. That same day, his image appeared in the front page of more than fifty newspapers across the state. He and others were protesting tuition hikes in the State University System by hosting a mock funeral to portray "the death of public education." The image showed Weinstein lying blindfolded by a baby's coffin.
In 1994, Weinstein travelled to Vienna, Austria where he served as a Junior Visiting Fellow at the Institute for Human Sciences (Insituut fuer die Wissenschaften vom Menschen/IWM). The fellowship lasted only six months, but he stayed in Vienna, playing guitar as a street musician for six months, before managing to get another fellowship at IWM. According to Weinstein, “It was, by far, one of the best things I ever did. I learned so much about myself and the world from being outside of the country and by taking some time away from my academic trajectory to explore other interests.” He returned to the states to teach as an adjunct professor and finish his dissertation, "Adam Smith and the Problem of Neutrality in Contemporary Liberal Theory."
After moving to teach at California State University, Fresno, Weinstein met Kim Donehower, a fellow professor in the English department. They eventually moved together to Grand Forks, North Dakota to accept teaching positions at the University of North Dakota. Currently, Donehower-Weinstein is a professor in the English department and director of the local site of the National Writing Project. A chance meeting with Richard Simmons, at Detroit Metro Airport reportedly led Weinstein to propose to Donehower and the two were married in January, 2003, in Donehower’s home town of Asheville, North Carolina. On October 18, 2005, Donehower gave birth to their first child, a daughter: Adina Moore. Weinstein's activist roots resurfaced during recent controversies regarding anti-Semitism at The University of North Dakota. He advocated for the defense of harassed Jewish students and led criticism against the then university president Charles Kupchella. The battle was extremely public and ugly at times.
Work.
Weinstein has held full-time positions in departments of philosophy and religion at Montclair State University, Berea College, California State University, Fresno, and currently teaches at the University of North Dakota. In 2007, he received the Individual Excellence in Undergraduate Teaching Award at UND.
Weinstein is the author of two books in the Wadsworth Philosophers Series, "On Adam Smith" (2001) and "On MacIntyre" (2003), and the forthcoming book Adam Smith's Pluralism: Rationality, Education, and the Moral Sentiments (Yale U.P.). He has edited several collections and journals, as well as numerous articles, essays and reviews on topics such as philosophy of education and moral theory, as well as a number of presentations on the philosophy of Adam Smith. He is committed to the project of advancing public philosophy, working with the Institute for Philosophy in Public Life to bring philosophy to the general public while simultaneously making a place for public philosophy work in the academy. He wants faculty to be able to get "research credit" for their public philosophy work just as they do for more specializes writing.
Weinstein’s current project is a restructuring of contemporary liberal political theory, building off of the moral psychology and political economy of Adam Smith. In multiple volumes, Weinstein plans to offer an interpretation of Adam Smith that views his "Theory of Moral Sentiments" as primary and offer its connection to contemporary liberal theory. According to Weinstein, the book will ultimately elaborate on the idea that “Adam Smith’s moral psychology offers us the framework by which we can rescue the notion of neutrality from its indefensible understanding as an Archimedean point of view.”

</doc>
<doc id="18845961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845961" title="Provident Institution for Sav. v. Mayor of Jersey City">
Provident Institution for Sav. v. Mayor of Jersey City

Provident Institution for Sav. v. Mayor of Jersey City, , was a bill in equity filed in the Court of Chancery of New Jersey by the appellant, to foreclose two mortgages given to it on a certain lot in Jersey City, New Jersey by Michael Nugent and wife, and another person.
The first mortgage was dated January 19, 1863, to secure the payment of $900 and interest, and the second, dated July 13, 1869, to secure the payment of $700 and interest. The complainants also claimed, under the stipulations of the mortgages, the amount of certain premiums of insurance paid by them. By an amended bill making the mayor and aldermen of Jersey City a defendant, the complainants alleged that the city claimed a lien on the mortgaged premises prior to that of the mortgages for certain water rents for supplying water to the occupants of the same for the year 1871, and from thence to the time of filing the bill; that this claim was made under an act of the legislature time of filing the bill; that this claim authorizing the construction of waterworks for the city, and the act revising the city charter, passed in March 1871. The bill denied the validity of this claim, and averred that those portions of the said acts which purported to give such a priority had the effect to deprive the complainant of its property in the mortgaged premises without due process of law, and were in violation of the Constitution of the United States as well as that of New Jersey, and the complainant prayed for a foreclosure and sale of the lot in question as against all the defendants.
There was annexed to the bill and referred to therein a copy of the "Tariff of Rates and Regulations for the Use of Passaic Water; also Rules Regulating the Plumbing of Houses and the Tapping of Sewers," being the regulations adopted by the Board of Public Works of Jersey City under the statutes referred to in the bill. The water rates specified in this tariff (except for measured water) were graduated in a table according to the width and number of stories of the houses, and were made payable annually in advance on 1 May in each year, with a penalty of three percent if not paid by the 1 July and interest at the rate of seven percent from the 20th of December. The regulations extend to many details, making provision for extra charges to certain kinds of establishments, providing penalties for misuse of the water, etc. The city authorities answered the bill, admitting that they had assessed upon the mortgaged premises the water rents set forth in the bill, and alleged that they were imposed in pursuance of an act of the Legislature of New Jersey entitled "An act to authorize the construction of works for the supplying of Jersey City and places adjacent with pure and wholesome water," approved March 25, 1852, and an act entitled "An act to reorganize the local government of Jersey City," passed March 31, 1871, and the supplements thereto, and insisted that said water rents were a lien prior to the mortgages, and prayed that it might be so adjudged.
The other defendants made no defense.
The complainant and the city authorities entered into a stipulation to the effect that the allegations of fact in the bill were to be taken as true; that in the assessment of the water rents, interest, and penalties, all the requirements of the act "to reorganize the local government of Jersey City," passed March 31, 1871, and the supplements thereto, had been complied with, and that the only question to be determined by the court was whether, upon the facts stated in the bill, the water rents and interest and penalties mentioned therein, or any of them, were liens upon the property in question prior to the lien of the complainant's mortgages.
The chancellor decided that the giving of a priority of lien to the water rents over the mortgages pursuant to the statutes did not deprive the complainant of its property without due process of law and did not otherwise conflict with the Constitution of the United States or with that of New Jersey, and he decreed that for the purpose of raising the money due on the mortgages, the mortgaged premises must be sold subject to such lien, and that the bill must be dismissed as against the city. This decree, being appealed from, was affirmed by the New Jersey Court of Errors and Appeals and the record was remanded to the Court of Chancery. The case is brought here by writ of error, and the errors assigned resolve themselves into the single error of sustaining the priority of the lien of the water rents over that of the complainant's mortgages. 
The court found that it was not necessary to enter into the discussions that have occupied the state courts. The court assumed that the rents, penalties, and interest claimed by the city have been imposed and incurred in conformity with the laws and constitution of the state, and that, by virtue of said laws and constitution, they are a lien on the property mortgaged to the complainant prior to that of its mortgages, and, this being so, we are only concerned to inquire whether those laws thus interpreted are or are not repugnant to the Constitution of the United States. The only clause of the Constitution supposed to be violated is that portion of the Fourteenth Amendment which declares that no state shall deprive any person of life, liberty, or property without due process of law. It is contended that the mortgages created in 1863 and 1869, there being then no valid water rents due on the lot mortgaged, invested the complainant with the first lien thereon, and that that lien is property, and that the statutes of 1852 and 1871, by giving a superior lien to water rents afterwards accused, deprive it of its said property without due process of law.
What may be the effect of those statutes in this regard upon mortgages which were created prior to the statute of 1852 it is unnecessary at present to inquire. The mortgages of the complainant were not created prior to that statute, but long subsequent thereto. When the complainant took its mortgages, it knew what the law was. It knew that by the law, if the mortgaged lot should be supplied with Passaic water by the city authorities, the rent of that water, as regulated and exacted by them, would be a first lien on the lot. It chose to take its mortgages subject to this law, and it is idle to contend that a postponement of its lien to that of the water rents, whether after accruing or not, is a deprivation of its property without due process of law. Its own voluntary act, its own consent, is an element in the transaction. The cases referred to by counsel to the contrary, holding void a consent exacted contrary to the Constitution, have no bearing on these cases.
It may, however, be contended (though it is not by the counsel in this case) that the revised charter of 1871 introduced new impositions additional to the mere water rent, such as authorizing a penalty to be imposed by the Board of Public Works, if payment of the water rents were not made by a certain time, and a heavy rate of interest on rents continuing in arrear. But we look upon these provisions as merely intended to enforce prompt payment and as incidental regulations appropriate to the subject. The law which authorized these coercive measures gave to mortgagees and judgment creditors the right to pay the rents and to have the benefit of the lien thereof, so that it was in their own power to protect themselves from any such penalties and accumulations of interest. They are analogous to the costs incurred in the foreclosure of the first mortgage, which have the same priority as the mortgage itself over subsequent encumbrances.
The decree of the New Jersey Court of Errors and Appeals was affirmed.

</doc>
<doc id="18845963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845963" title="Yuxarı Cürəli">
Yuxarı Cürəli

Yuxarı Cürəli (also, Yukhary Dzhurali and Yukhary Dzhuraly) is a village and municipality in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,249. 

</doc>
<doc id="18845973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845973" title="John Bosley Ziegler">
John Bosley Ziegler

John Bosley Ziegler, John Ziegler, Montana Jack, (circa 1920 - 1983) was an American physician who originally developed the anabolic steroid Methandrostenolone (Dianabol, DBOL) which was released in the USA in 1958 by Ciba. He pioneered its athletic use as an aid to muscle growth by bodybuilders, administering it to U.S. weightlifting champion Bill March of the York Barbell club in 1959 when he was the physician to the U.S. Weightlifting team. It was banned by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under the Controlled Substances Act. In later life he was outspoken against its use in sport, saying "It is bad enough to have to deal with drug addicts, but now healthy athletes are putting themselves in the same category. It's a disgrace. Who plays sports for fun anymore?". Ziegler suffered from heart disease, which he partially ascribed to his experimentation with steroids, and he died from heart failure in 1983.
Early life.
John Ziegler was born in the Midwestern United States but he returned to his family roots in southern Pennsylvania and graduated from Gettysburg College in 1942. He was descended from three generations of doctors going back to the American Civil War, and his father had been both practicing physician and a scientist who had discovered the salt tablet.
He served as an officer in the United States Marine Corps in the Pacific in World War II, where he suffered extensive bullet wounds. His experience of surgery and convalescence lead to a speciality in recuperative medicine at the University of Maryland Medical School. He served his internship and residency at Marine hospitals in Norfolk Virginia and Mobile Alabama, before completing a two year residence in neurology at Tulane University School of Medicine in New Orleans. In 1954 after he settled in Olney, Maryland he specialized in the treatment of handicapped and seriously injured patients whilst conducting chemistry research at Ciba Pharmaceuticals part time.
He became an enthusiastic weightlifter who pumped iron at the York Barbell Club, which was at the center of American fitness training thanks to its owner Bob Hoffman. Hoffman had competed with Joe Weider and Charles Atlas for the title of Mr America and wrote the book "Weight Lifting" in 1939. Ziegler's scientific credentials supplemented Hoffman's bodybuilding theories. Ziegler befriended weightlifter and bodybuilder champion John Grimek who was employed by Hoffman.
Developing anabolic steroids.
Working at CIBA allowed Ziegler access to books and records from Germany where experiments with testosterone had been carried out by the Nazis, and which had been confiscated by the United States after the war.
In October 1954, Ziegler, went to Vienna with the American weightlifting team. There he met a Russian physicist who, over "a few drinks", repeatedly asked "What are you giving your boys?" When Ziegler returned the question, the Russian said that his own athletes were being given testosterone. Returning to America, Ziegler tried weak doses of testosterone on himself, on the American trainer Bob Hoffman and on three lifters, John Grimek, Jim Park and Yaz Kuzahara. All gained more weight and strength than any training programme would produce but there were side-effects. Ziegler sought a drug without after-effects and hit on an anabolic steroid, methandrostenolone, (Dianabol, DBOL), made in the U.S. in 1958 by Ciba.
Ziegler gave Dianabol to the entire U.S. Olympic weightlifting team in Rome in 1960, but they still lost to the Soviets. He gave up experimentation with athletes when he learned that some who had taken 20 times the recommended dose of Dianabol had developed a liver condition. He was quoted in "Science" saying "I lost interest in fooling with IQ's of that caliber. Now it's about as widespread among these idiots as marijuana." In later years Ziegler regretted introducing AAS to athletes. He recollected "but I wish to God now I’d never done it. I’d like to go back and take that whole chapter out of my life."

</doc>
<doc id="18845974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845974" title="4 Lazy F Dude Ranch">
4 Lazy F Dude Ranch

The 4 Lazy F Ranch, also known as the Sun Star Ranch, is a dude ranch and summer residence in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, built by the William Frew family of Pittsburgh in 1927. The existing property was built as a family retreat, not as a cattle ranch, in a rustic style of construction using logs and board-and-batten techniques. The historic district includes seven cabins, a lodge, barn corral and smaller buildings on the west bank of the Snake River north of Moose, Wyoming. The property was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
History.
The ranch was first improved by Philadelphian Bryant Mears in 1914, building two log cabins, a small barn, corrals, fencing, a well and a ditch. Mears lived on the property, which he called the Sun Star Ranch, during the winter of 1915, and in 1916 he raised oats, barley and hay. The following year he married, then left to join the Army from 1917 to 1919. In 1927 the ranch was sold by Edward Mears to William Frew.
Frew was a wealthy dude from Pittsburgh, who renamed the ranch the 4 Lazy F for the "Four Lazy Frews". The family allowed paying guests by invitation only, operating the ranch as both a family retreat and a dude ranch.
Description.
The ranch consists of seven cabins, a lodge-dining hall and a laundry-utility building, as well as a barn, garages, sheds and a corral. The ranch is sited on the west bank of the Snake River. All buildings are in the style known as "dude ranch vernacular", characterized by log construction and board-and-batten infill. Logs are generally varnished brown, but roofs are red or green asphalt roll roofing. Cabins are largely original construction with newer toilet additions to the rear. Interiors are intact with exposed logs in the walls and floors.
The property is an inholding in Grand Teton National Park. The property was sold as a life estate by Emily Frew Oliver to the National Park Service. The property will eventually revert to full National Park Service control. The 4 Lazy F was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18845993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18845993" title="Əsgərabad">
Əsgərabad

Əsgərabad (also, Əskərabad, Äskärabad, and Askerabad) is a village and municipality in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,624. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846001" title="Xırmandalı, Bilasuvar">
Xırmandalı, Bilasuvar

Xırmandalı (also, Charmandaly, Kharmandali, Kharmandaly, and Khyrmandaly) is a village and the most populous municipality, except for the capital Biləsuvar, in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 7,824. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846013" title="Xırmandalı">
Xırmandalı

Xırmandalı or Charmandaly or Kharmandali or Kharmandaly or Khyrmandaly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846022" title="Bəydili, Bilasuvar">
Bəydili, Bilasuvar

Bəydili (also, Beydili and Begdeli) is a village and municipality in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 50,276. Bəydili is unique because it has close to 900 local restaurants.

</doc>
<doc id="18846025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846025" title="Ağayrı">
Ağayrı

Ağayrı (also, Ağəyri, Ağayri, and Agayry) is a village and municipality in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,187. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846027" title="İsmətli">
İsmətli

İsmətli (known as Konstantinovka until 1992) is a village and municipality in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,622. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846032" title="Kyosu Shinmun">
Kyosu Shinmun

The Kyosu Shinmun ("translated as Professor News") is a newspaper in South Korea with a circulation of 65,000. The Kyosu Shinmun was founded on April 15, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18846037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846037" title="Çullu, Jabrayil">
Çullu, Jabrayil

Çullu (also, Chullu and Chullu-Dary-Dag) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846051" title="Jerry Parr">
Jerry Parr

Jerry S. Parr (born September 16, 1930, in Montgomery, Alabama) is a retired Secret Service Agent. He was one of the agents protecting President Reagan on the day of his assassination attempt on March 30, 1981.
Education.
Parr received his B.A. in English and Philosophy from Vanderbilt University in 1962. In 1987, he received his M.S. in pastoral counseling from Loyola University in Maryland. Parr is also an ordained minister. In 1987, he received an honorary doctorate in Humane Letters from Eureka College.
Career with the Secret Service.
Parr's interest in joining the Secret Service originated as a boy after watching "Code of the Secret Service" (1939) starring Ronald Reagan as agent "Brass" Bancroft. After joining the service, from 1962 to 1968, Parr conducted 15 foreign and in 65 domestic protective surveys for various Presidents and Vice Presidents, and worked with security, intelligence and law enforcement professionals in all 50 states and in 37 countries. From 1969 to 1978, he worked for the Foreign Dignitary Division as a mid-level supervisor on Humphrey, Agnew and Ford details. As Deputy Special Agent in Charge, Foreign Dignitary Division, he directed security for 56 foreign heads of state. From 1978-1979, he was Special Agent in Charge of the Vice Presidential Protective Division, where he directed security for Vice President Mondale. In 1979, Parr moved to the Presidential Protective Division, where he was Special Agent in Charge and Head of White House Detail. There, he directed security for Presidents Carter and Reagan. In 1982, he became Assistant Director of Protective Research, and in 1985, Parr retired from the Secret Service. Parr carried a 3"-barreled Smith & Wesson Model 19 chambered in .357 Magnum. This was confirmed in the book "Rawhide Down" and is seen in the hands of Agent Danny Spriggs and other agents in archival footage of the attempt. This was one of the standard-issue sidearms of the U.S.S.S. in 1981, the other being the Smith & Wesson Model 66-2. Parr's story is told in his autobiography, "In the Secret Service: The True Story Of The Man who Saved President Reagan" (Tyndale House Publishing), co-authored by his wife Carolyn Parr. www.inthesecretservice.com.
Assassination attempt.
On March 30, 1981, John Hinckley, Jr. opened fire on newly elected President Reagan as Reagan exited the Washington Hilton Hotel after giving a speech. Upon hearing gun shots, Parr pushed Reagan into the President's limousine, which started heading to the White House. Parr noticed that Reagan was bleeding and ordered the limousine to go to the hospital.
Community service.
Parr came to believe that God had directed his life to save Reagan, and became a pastor after leaving the Secret Service. Currently, Parr is very active in his church in Washington, D.C., where he is a former co-pastor, retreat leader and spiritual director. He has served on the Board of Directors at Joseph's House, an organization for men with AIDS. Parr also co-founded Servant Leadership School.
Professional organizations.
Parr is a member of the Association for Conflict Resolution and American Association of Pastoral Counsellors. Previously, he was the president of the Association of Former Agents of the U.S. Secret Service.
Filmography.
Jerry Parr was a film advisor for the movies "In the Line of Fire" and "Contact", and for the documentaries "In the Line of Fire: Behind the Scenes with the Secret Service" (1993), and "Inside the US Secret Service" (2004).
He has also been a commentator on:

</doc>
<doc id="18846055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846055" title="Vyborg HVDC scheme">
Vyborg HVDC scheme

The Vyborg HVDC scheme is a system of electricity transmission from the Russian power system to Finland, using high-voltage direct current. It consists of four, 355 MW back-to-back converter blocks, the first three of which were completed in the early 1980s and the last in January 2001. Much of the original converter equipment has been refurbished or modernised.
History.
Electricity transmission from the 330 kV Russian (then the Soviet Union) system to the 400 kV Finnish system started in 1981. As the Russian and Finnish power systems are asynchronous, a direct AC connection was not possible and a HVDC-back-to-back station was needed. It was decided to build the substation near Vyborg in the Karelian ASSR. The first unit of the substation was commissioned in December 1981 followed by the second unit in the autumn 1982 and the third unit in the summer 1984. The system was manufactured by the Ministry for Electrotechnical Industry of the USSR. A fourth unit was added in 2001 and the control and protection equipment of the three original poles has subsequently been modernised.
Technical description.
The Vyborg substation is located east of Vyborg at . It is connected with the Russian and Finnish high-voltage power systems. The substation is connected to the Russian power system with two 330 kV lines to Vostochnaya substation and with one line to Kamenogorskaya substation. It is connected with Finland with three 400 kV cross-border connections to Yllikkälä (two lines) and Kymi (one line) substations.
The substation consist of four independent, parallel symmmetrical monopole (centre-grounded) back-to-back units, each rated 355 MW and operating with a voltage of ± 85 kV. In contrast to most other HVDC plants, its converters do not allow bidirectional energy to transfer, but only from Russia to the power grid of Finland.
Each pole consists of a single Twelve-pulse bridge at each end and was built using thyristors from the outset. The first three poles were originally built using small (60mm) diameter thyristors with three in parallel at each level, but these were later replaced by larger 80mm thyristors which did not require parallel connection.
The converter transformers are of the relatively unusual single-phase, four-winding arrangement, with a 38.5kV filter winding on which the tuned filters are connected. Other high-pass filters are connected directly to the 330 kV or 400 kV AC busbars.
With a total transmission rating of 1420 MW, Vyborg was the world's largest HVDC-back-to-back facility until the 1800 MW Al-Fadhili facility was completed in Saudi Arabia in 2009. It is also the only back-to-back HVDC system in Russia and the only fully operational HVDC system in Russia, the others having either been shut down ( Moscow–Kashira), never completed (Ekibastuz–Tambov) or are operated only at reduced capacity (Volgograd–Donbass).

</doc>
<doc id="18846059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846059" title="Merryn Somerset Webb">
Merryn Somerset Webb

Merryn Somerset Webb (born ) is the Editor in chief of UK personal finance magazine "MoneyWeek", writes for the "Financial Times", the "Sunday Post" and "Saga Magazine" and is a radio and television commentator on financial matters.
Her family lived in the United States until she was 15, but she attended Wycombe Abbey, a boarding school in the UK. After gaining a first class degree in History & Economics as a senior scholar at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, Somerset Webb was awarded a Daiwa scholarship and spent a year studying for a masters degree in Japanese language at the University of London's School of Oriental and African Studies. In 1992, she moved to Japan to continue her Japanese studies and to produce business programmes for NHK, Japan's public television station. 
In 1993, she became an institutional broker for SBC Warburg in Tokyo, where she stayed for five years. Returning to London in 1998, to work for BNP Paribas, she later became a financial writer for "The Week". Two years later, in 2000, she took on the role of launch editor for the financial weekly "MoneyWeek". 
In 2007 she wrote her first book "Love is Not Enough," a personal finance book aimed at women. In 2011 she co-presented "Superscrimpers" for Channel 4.

</doc>
<doc id="18846067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846067" title="Çullu">
Çullu

Çullu or Chullu or Chulalu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846083" title="Məzrə, Jabrayil">
Məzrə, Jabrayil

Məzrə (also, Mazra and Mazraly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846093" title="Derzili">
Derzili

Derzili (also, Darzili) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846095" title="Məstalıbəyli">
Məstalıbəyli

Məstalıbəyli (also, Mastalybeyli and Mastalibegli) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.
References.
Bəylik

</doc>
<doc id="18846097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846097" title="1980 Kansas State Wildcats football team">
1980 Kansas State Wildcats football team

The 1980 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the college football season of 1980. The team's head football coach was Jim Dickey. The Wildcats played their home games in KSU Stadium.
1980 was the second time in school history that the Wildcats were shut out three times in one season, the only other time being in 1975. The Wildcats were shut out by LSU, Tulsa, Oklahoma State.
Schedule.
!colspan=8| Regular season
Table references
^ The University of Kansas mistakenly counts this as a win. Kansas was forced by the Big Eight Conference to forfeit this game after beating Kansas State on the field, 20-18. Kerwin Bell, a Kansas running back was later determined to be ineligible at the time of the game. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846099" title="Qumlaq, Jabrayil">
Qumlaq, Jabrayil

Qumlaq (also, Khudap’erin, Kumlak, and Kumlakh) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846104" title="Li Yuwei">
Li Yuwei

Li Yuwei (Chinese: 李玉伟; born July 20, 1965 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a male Chinese sports shooter. He won the 1984 Los Angeles Olympic Games in the 50 m Running Target.
Yuwei attended university of Central China

</doc>
<doc id="18846110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846110" title="Qumlaq">
Qumlaq

Qumlaq or Kumlak or Kumlakh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846117" title="Xələfli">
Xələfli

Xələfli (also, Kalafli and Khalafli) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846120" title="Hasənli, Jabrayil">
Hasənli, Jabrayil

Hasənli (also, Hasanlı, Hesenli, and Hasanly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846125" title="Giovanni Battista Monteggia">
Giovanni Battista Monteggia

Giovanni Battista Monteggia (1762–1815) was an Italian surgeon. Monteggia fracture is named for him.
Biography.
He began training as a surgeon at age seventeen in Milan. He got his doctorate of medicine in 1789 at University of Pavia. In the same year, his first book, "Fasciculi Pathologici", was published. From 1790 he practiced as a surgical assistant, prosector, and prison doctor. In 1795 he was appointed professor of anatomy and surgery, holding a chair of "Istituzioni Chirurgiche" at University of Pavia. Due to cutting himself during an autopsy, he infected himself with syphilis.
Monteggia was second to describe the Monteggia fracture, a fracture of the proximal third of the ulna with the dislocation of the head of radius.
Monteggia was first to describe "Peroneal Tendon Subluxation", when he diagnosed this injury in a ballet dancer in 1803. It is when you have subluxation/dislocation of the peroneal tendons about the lateral malleolus.

</doc>
<doc id="18846128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846128" title="Jón Stefánsson (artist)">
Jón Stefánsson (artist)

Jón Stefánsson (1881-1962) was Iceland's first modern landscape artists and one of the founders of modern art in Iceland. He was born in 1881 in Sauðárkrókur. As a student he first studied engineering in Copenhagen, before turning in 1903 to art. He studied at the "Teknisk Selekb Skole" and at Kristian Zahrtmann's school before meeting Jean Heiberg in Norway in 1908. Together with Henrik Sørensen and Gösta Sandels they went to Paris to study under Matisse. In 1919 Stefánsson's work was exhibited in the Kunstnernes Efterårsudstilling in the Den Frie Udstilling in Copenhagen.
The National Gallery of Iceland has a large collection of Jón Stefánsson's work.

</doc>
<doc id="18846136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846136" title="Cyclotomic character">
Cyclotomic character

In number theory, a cyclotomic character is a character of a Galois group giving the Galois action on a group of roots of unity. As a one-dimensional representation over a ring "R", its representation space is generally denoted by "R"(1) (that is, it is a representation ).
"p"-adic cyclotomic character.
If "p" is a prime, and "G" is the absolute Galois group of the rational numbers, the "p"-adic cyclotomic character is a group homomorphism
where Z"p"× is the group of units of the ring of p-adic integers. This homomorphism is defined as follows. Let "ζ""n" be a primitive "p""n" root of unity. Every "p""n" root of unity is a power of "ζ""n" uniquely defined as an element of the ring of integers modulo "p""n". Primitive roots of unity correspond to the invertible elements, i.e. to (Z/"p""n")×. An element "g" of the Galois group "G" sends "ζ""n" to another primitive "p""n" root of unity
where "a""g","n" ∈ (Z/"p""n")×. For a given "g", as "n" varies, the "a""g","n" form a comptatible system in the sense that they give an element of the inverse limit of the (Z/"p""n")×, which is Zp×. Therefore, the "p"-adic cyclotomic character sends "g" to the system ("a""g","n")"n", thus encoding the action of "g" on all "p"-power roots of unity.
In fact, formula_3 is a continuous homomorphism (where the topology on "G" is the Krull topology, and that on Z"p"× is the p-adic topology).
As a compatible system of ℓ-adic representations.
By varying ℓ over all prime numbers, a compatible system of ℓ-adic representations is obtained from the ℓ-adic cyclotomic characters (when considering compatible systems of representations, the standard terminology is to use the symbol ℓ to denote a prime instead of "p"). That is to say, χ = { χℓ }ℓ is a "family" of ℓ-adic representations
satisfying certain compatibilities between different primes. In fact, the χℓ form a strictly compatible system of ℓ-adic representations.
Geometric realizations.
The "p"-adic cyclotomic character is the "p"-adic Tate module of the multiplicative group scheme G"m",Q over Q. As such, its representation space can be viewed as the inverse limit of the groups of "p""n"th roots of unity in .
In terms of cohomology, the "p"-adic cyclotomic character is the dual of the first "p"-adic étale cohomology group of G"m". It can also be found in the étale cohomology of a projective variety, namely the projective line: it is the dual of "H"2ét( P1 ).
In terms of motives, the "p"-adic cyclotomic character is the "p"-adic realization of the Tate motive Z(1). As a Grothendieck motive, the Tate motive is the dual of "H"2( P1 ).
Properties.
The "p"-adic cyclotomic character satisfies several nice properties.

</doc>
<doc id="18846138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846138" title="Maşanlı">
Maşanlı

Maşanlı (also, Mashanly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846141" title="Alıkeyxalı">
Alıkeyxalı

Alıkeyxalı (also, Alikeykhaly and Alykeykhaly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846145" title="Göyərçin Veysəlli">
Göyərçin Veysəlli

Göyərçin Veysəlli (also, Gegerchin-Veysalli, Kyuyorchin-Veysalu, and Vaysalli) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846153" title="Niyazqulular">
Niyazqulular

Niyazqulular (also, Niyazqullar, Niyazgullar, and Niyazkulular) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846156" title="Soltanlı">
Soltanlı

Soltanlı (also, Soltanly and Sultanly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846159" title="Kechalmamedli">
Kechalmamedli

Kechalmamedli (also, Kechelmamedli) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846166" title="Əmirvarlı">
Əmirvarlı

Əmirvarlı (also, Amirvarly and Emirvarly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846170" title="Şahvəlili">
Şahvəlili

Şahvəlili (also, Şahvəlli, Shakhvelili, and Shakhvelli) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846173" title="Sarıcalı, Jabrayil">
Sarıcalı, Jabrayil

Sarıcalı (also, Sarıcallı and Sarydzhaly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846175" title="Şıxalıağalı">
Şıxalıağalı

Şıxalıağalı (also, Shykhaliagaly, Shakhali-agalu, and Shikhaly-Agaly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846182" title="Şükürbəyli, Jabrayil">
Şükürbəyli, Jabrayil

Şükürbəyli (also, Shekyur-Beklu and Shukyurbeyli) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846187" title="Mirək">
Mirək

Mirək (also, Miryak and Mirek) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan. Mirek is also a common Czech name.

</doc>
<doc id="18846189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846189" title="Mahmudlu, Jabrayil">
Mahmudlu, Jabrayil

Mahmudlu (also, Makhmudlu and Makhmudly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846196" title="Armenian Olympic Committee">
Armenian Olympic Committee

The National Olympic Committee of Armenia (Armenian: Հայաստանի Ազգային Օլիմպիական Կոմիտե) (ARMNOC) is responsible for the Armenia's participation in the Olympic Games. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846197" title="Mahmudlu">
Mahmudlu

Mahmudlu or Makhmudly or Makhmudlu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846204" title="Joe (magazine)">
Joe (magazine)

Joe was a popular magazine published in Kenya in the 1970s, at the height of what acclaimed publisher Henry Chakava described as the "fat years" of Kenyan publishing. Joe magazine was one in a number of popular publications aimed at the new urban middle and lower-middle classes. What set Joe magazine apart was its subversive use of humour, as well as its use of art and fiction as a narrative frame for cultural, social and political analysis. This strategy was seminal not only in educating and activating its readers but also in providing a platform for new fiction writers and artists to develop their talents. 
Founded by writer/publisher Hillary Ng'weno and artist Terry Hirst, Joe magazine published regularly between 1973 and 1979. The magazine was named after "Joe", a common man who used humour to deal with and expose the realities of urban life in contemporary Africa. This epitomized Joe magazine's aim; readers were encouraged to do the same, and enter into a dialogue with the character, and thus the magazine. Hirst described Joe as "a survivor who has to laugh to keep from crying."
Taking its cue from Drum, Joe magazine employed street-wise language in comic strips, fiction stories and thematic columns to explore everyday problems of the urban population. Its letters column, "Dear Joe", like Drum's "Speak up Man", encouraged interaction from readers. The magazine also carried an original short story in every issue, nurturing writers such as Sam Kahiga and Meja Mwangi, and even Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o, who occasionally contributed to the magazine. Joe's main distinguishing factor was its use of graphics, drawings, illustrated jokes and comic strips, such as "City Life" by Edward Gitau, "O.K, Sue! A City-Girl's View" by Kimani Gathingiri and Terry Hirst's "Daddy Wasiwasi & Co" and "The Good, the Bed and the Ugali", all of which created a lasting impression on Kenya's visual culture. 
Ng'weno left Joe magazine in 1974 and in 1979 Hirst renamed the magazine "Joe Homestead", increasing the number of comic strips and adding a new section on family, nutrition and health - perhaps to take Joe magazine from its original urban setting to a more rural one. However, the new title did not attract advertisers and the magazine shut down in August 1979.
References.
"This article uses text taken from Chimurengal Library under the GFDL"

</doc>
<doc id="18846206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846206" title="Yuxarı Maralyan">
Yuxarı Maralyan

Yuxarı Maralyan (also, Yukhary-Maral’yan) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846208" title="Cəfərabad, Jabrayil">
Cəfərabad, Jabrayil

Cəfərabad (also, Dzhafarabad) is a village in Jabrayil Rayon, Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846212" title="2006–07 Second &amp; Third Division knock-out">
2006–07 Second &amp; Third Division knock-out

The Second & Third Division Knockout 2006–07, known as quick Keno Second & Third Division knockout 2006-07 for sponsorship reasons, was a group and knockout competition for Maltese football clubs in the 2nd and 3rd division.The winners were Balzan Youths and the runner-up were Birzebbuga,both teams from the Maltese Second Division
The competition began on 3 September 2006 and ended with the final on 25 May 2007.
In the group stage there are 8 groups with 4 teams in Group 1 to 6 and 3 teams in Group 7 and Group 8.The winners of the groups advance to the quarter finals were teams are eliminated in knockout fashion until the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18846214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846214" title="Cəfərabad">
Cəfərabad

Cəfərabad or Dzhafarabad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846217" title="Minbaşılı">
Minbaşılı

Minbaşılı (also, Minbashi and Minbashyly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846218" title="Aşağı Maralyan">
Aşağı Maralyan

Aşağı Maralyan (also, Ashaga Maral’yan, Ashagy-Maral’yan, Maral’yan, and Maral’yanskiy) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846219" title="Dəcəl">
Dəcəl

Dəcəl (also, Dəjəl, Dazhal, and Dezhal) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846222" title="Fuqanlı">
Fuqanlı

Fuqanlı (also, Fuğanlı and Fuganly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846223" title="Ağtəpə">
Ağtəpə

Ağtəpə (also, Agtepe) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846225" title="Böyük Mərcanlı">
Böyük Mərcanlı

Böyük Mərcanlı (also, Bëyuk Mardzhanly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846229" title="Mərcanlı">
Mərcanlı

Mərcanlı (also, Mirzanagly and Mirzanagyly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846233" title="Çaxırlı, Jabrayil">
Çaxırlı, Jabrayil

Çaxırlı (also, Chakhyrly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846235" title="Daş Veysəlli">
Daş Veysəlli

Daş Veysəlli (also, Dashveysalli, Dashveysally, and Dashveysaly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846239" title="Həsənqaydı">
Həsənqaydı

Həsənqaydı (also, Gasan-Gaydy and Gasankaydy) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846241" title="Dağ Tumas">
Dağ Tumas

Dağ Tumas (also, Bashnya Tuma-Kyumbez) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846243" title="Səfərşa">
Səfərşa

Səfərşa (also, Safarşa, Safarcha, and Safarsha) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846250" title="Havuslu">
Havuslu

Havuslu (also, Hovuslu, Khavysly, Khovuslu, and Khovysly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846254" title="Yarəhmədli">
Yarəhmədli

Yarəhmədli (also, Yarakhmedli) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846255" title="Mehdili, Jabrayil">
Mehdili, Jabrayil

Mehdili (also, Mekhdili and Mekhtili) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846257" title="Çocuq Mərcanlı">
Çocuq Mərcanlı

Çocuq Mərcanlı (also, Chodzhuk-Mardzhanly and Dzhodzhukh-Mardzhanly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan. It was occupied by Armenians between 1993 and 1994 during Nagorno-Karabakh War.

</doc>
<doc id="18846258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846258" title="Şəybəy">
Şəybəy

Şəybəy (also, Shaybey and Sheybey) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846260" title="Qalacıq, Jabrayil">
Qalacıq, Jabrayil

Qalacıq (also, Kaladzhyh, Kaladzhyk, and Kaladzhykh) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846266" title="Qalacıq">
Qalacıq

Qalacıq or Kaladzhik or Kaladzhyk or Kaladzhyh or Kaladzhykh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846285" title="1929 Mitropa Cup">
1929 Mitropa Cup

The 1929 season of the Mitropa Cup football club tournament was won by Újpest FC in a two-legged final against Slavia Prague. This was the third edition of the tournament, and the first edition in which Italian clubs competed and Yugoslavian clubs did not compete. Clubs from Yugoslavia were barred from the competition after King Alexander declared a royal dictatorship on January 6 of that year. 
Semifinals.
"Playoff between Újpest FC and SK Rapid Wien resulted in 3-1 victory for Újpest FC."

</doc>
<doc id="18846287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846287" title="Cəbrayil">
Cəbrayil

Cəbrayil (also spelt Cäbrayil, Jabrayil, Jebrayil, Jebrail, Jabrail, Jäbrayyl, Jebraiele, Djebrail, Dzhebrail, Džebrail), , is a city currently administrated by ethnic Armenian forces from Nagorno-Karabakh, and now is part of Hadrut province of Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. It was previously the capital of the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.
History.
According to the Russian Empire Census in 1897 Cəbrayil was a village with a population of 520, of which 228 were Armenians, 186 were Azerbaijanis, 76 were Russians, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="18846288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846288" title="Fiachra Cossalach">
Fiachra Cossalach

Fiachra Cossalach (died 710) was a Dal nAraide king of the Cruithne in Ulaid (Ulster). He ruled from 709-710.
Fiachra's exact ancestry is uncertain, though he may have been a son of Dúngal Eilni mac Scandail (died 681) and hence a member of the Eilne branch of the family. In the "Annals of Ulster" he is referred to as the son of Dúngal in his death notice in the annals.
Curiously, Fiachra is mentioned as one of the guarantors of the Cáin Adomnáin at the Synod of Birr in 697 as King of the Cruithne at a time when Áed Aired (died 698) was considered to be king. Fiachra was king at a time when the Dal nAraide were involved in some infighting that resulted in three kings in three years. Fiachra himself met his death in 710, slain among the Cruithne.
His son Flathróe mac Fiachrach (died 774) was also King of Dal nAraide.

</doc>
<doc id="18846295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846295" title="Horovlu">
Horovlu

Horovlu (also, Goravly, Gorovlu, and Khorovlu) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846298" title="Fumie Kurotori">
Fumie Kurotori


</doc>
<doc id="18846301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846301" title="Papı">
Papı

Papı (also, Papy) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846303" title="1940 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1940 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1940 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Helms Athletic Foundation, Converse, and Madison Square Garden.
1940 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18846305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846305" title="Quycaq">
Quycaq

Quycaq (also, Kuydzhak) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846309" title="Çərəkən">
Çərəkən

Çərəkən (also, Charakan and Chereken) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846313" title="Nuzgər">
Nuzgər

Nuzgər (also, Nüzgar, Nuzger, and Nuzgyar) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846318" title="Isaqlı">
Isaqlı

Isaqlı (also, İsaqlı, Isak-Kishlak, Isak-Kishtak, and Isakly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846322" title="Khalafli">
Khalafli

Khalafli (also, Khalaplyu and Khalapyu) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846325" title="Daşgəsən">
Daşgəsən

Daşgəsən (also, Daşkəsən, Dashkesan, Deshkesen, and Doshkesen) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846326" title="Qazanzəmi">
Qazanzəmi

Qazanzəmi (also, Kazanzami and Kazanzemi) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846329" title="Əfəndilər, Jabrayil">
Əfəndilər, Jabrayil

Əfəndilər (also, Efendilyar) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846333" title="Əfəndilər">
Əfəndilər

Əfəndilər or Efendilyar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846339" title="Şıxlar, Jabrayil">
Şıxlar, Jabrayil

Şıxlar (also, Shykhlar and Shykhlyar) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846343" title="Daşbaşı, Jabrayil">
Daşbaşı, Jabrayil

Daşbaşı (also, Dashbashi, Dashbashy, and K’araglukh) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846345" title="1941 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1941 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1941 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Helms Athletic Foundation, Converse, and Madison Square Garden.
1941 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18846358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846358" title="Süleymanlı, Azerbaijan">
Süleymanlı, Azerbaijan

Süleymanlı (also, Suleymanly) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846364" title="Jose DeCamps">
Jose DeCamps

Jose Decamps (born in Santiago, Dominican Republic) is a professional ballroom dancer based in New York City. He is perhaps best known as the 2007 U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Rhythm) with his partner, Joanna Zacharewicz.
Decamps began his competition dance career in 1991 as both a Latin and ballroom dancer, competing with Jami Josephson. The two won numerous titles, including 2nd place in the U.S. Professional Open Rhythm Championship in 1997, the Heritage Classic Championships in 1996, and 1st in the Sabado Gigante Contest in 1998. The pair also produced their own series of salsa instructional videos for the company Dancevision.
Decamps was featured as the principal dancer in the video for Debelah Morgan's 2000 single "Dance with Me".
Decamps briefly paired with Viktoriya Drubetskaya in 1999, competing in the International Latin division, before partnering with Cheryl Burke in 2002. The two won the Professional Rising Star category in International Latin at the Ohio Star Ball in 2005.
Decamps and Zacharewicz forged their partnership in March 2007. As a team they won the U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Rhythm) title in the years 2007, 2008,2009 and 2010. In addition they won: the 2007 World Professional Mambo Championship, World professional 2010 Salsa championships, 2007, 2008 and 2009 World Professional Rhythm Championship and World Professional Rhythm Showdance categories. Most recently (2011) Jose and Joanna won the Sabado Gigante "Asi se Baila", where they competed against couples from all over the world for a 10,000 dollar prize.
Jose and Joanna are now married and work and live in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18846374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846374" title="1942 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1942 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1942 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Helms Athletic Foundation, Converse, Madison Square Garden, and Pic Magazine.
1942 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18846377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846377" title="Qaracallı, Jabrayil">
Qaracallı, Jabrayil

Qaracallı (also, Karadzhally, Karadzhanly, and Karajali) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846381" title="Hideko Hiranaka">
Hideko Hiranaka


</doc>
<doc id="18846384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846384" title="Iron Steamboat Company">
Iron Steamboat Company

The Iron Steamboat Company (1881-1932) provided ferry service between Manhattan and Coney Island in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The original fleet consisted of seven iron-hulled steamboats, each named after a constellation--the Cygnus, the Cepheus, the Cetus, the Pegasus, the Perseus, the Sirius and the Taurus. In later years two older wooden steamboats, the Columbia and the Grand Republic would also be added. Each boat was powered by a single cylinder vertical beam steam engine and was divided into three decks and twelve watertight compartments. Service began in May 1881
and continued until the close of the 1932 season. Initially the line serviced only Coney Island, but over the years service was expanded to Long Branch, New Jersey, Rockaway Beach, New York, and for a brief time Bay Ridge, Brooklyn. Boats left Manhattan (half-hourly during summer) from various piers along the west side and Pier One in Lower Manhattan. In Coney Island ships landed at the New and Old Iron Piers, and later at the amusement parks Dreamland and Steeplechase Park, where a round trip Iron Steamboat ticket bought free admission to the parks.

</doc>
<doc id="18846386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846386" title="Qaracallı">
Qaracallı

Qaracallı or Karajali may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846394" title="Qışlaq, Jabrayil">
Qışlaq, Jabrayil

Qışlaq (also, Gishlagh, Kishlak, and Kyshlak) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846404" title="Qışlaq">
Qışlaq

Qışlaq or Kishlag or Kyshlak or Gishlagh or Ghshlagh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846405" title="1943 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1943 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1943 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Helms Athletic Foundation, Converse, The Sporting News, and Pic Magazine.
1943 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18846408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846408" title="Qaradağlı, Jabrayil">
Qaradağlı, Jabrayil

Qaradağlı (also, Gharadgalli, Karadaglu, and Karadagly) is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846411" title="Tatyanoba">
Tatyanoba

Tatyanoba (also, Tat’yanoba and Tat’yanovka) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,463. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846425" title="Vənlik">
Vənlik

Vənlik (also, Venlik and Vannik) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 428. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846427" title="Darılıq">
Darılıq

Darılıq (also, Darylyk and Darylykh) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 134. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846428" title="Dallas High School (Dallas, Pennsylvania)">
Dallas High School (Dallas, Pennsylvania)

Dallas High School is a public high school located in Dallas, Pennsylvania, United States. The school educates about 1,000 students in grades 12 to 12 in Dallas School District.
Operation.
currently houses just under 100,000 students. Although they have a small population, the school's population is expected to grow in the next few days. The high school uses a block schedule. This involves four 80 minute class periods, three 30 minute lunch periods, and a 30 minute "flex" period at the end of the day. The "flex" period is a time for students to get individual help from a person, have meetings for clubs and extra-curricular activities, or go to the gymnasium for some exercise.Dallas High School enforces the following dress code to maintain a building atmosphere for education and academic success:1.Shorts, dresses and skirts must be no shorter than one inch above the waist.2.Sleeveless shirts of any kind are not permitted for both male and female students.3.Jeans, pants, shorts, sweatpants, and skirts must have rips or holes of any kind.4.spandex, unless it is worn underneath a skirt, dress or shorts that meet the guidelines set forth in # 1. Students who are not in compliance will be required to change clothing, have a change of clothing brought into school, or will be sent home to change and will be required to return to school.
New High School.
The former school building was originally built in 1961, and was obliterated to make room for the new Dallas High School. The new high school was built over the former practice fields for soccer and field hockey and the varsity baseball field. The official groundbreaking took place on June 16, 2009.
There was controversy surrounding the actual date that the proposed new school was to be ready for students and teachers. The classes of 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011 were all told, as freshmen, that they were to be the inaugural class to graduate as members of the new high school. Ground was never broken for the promised new school, ceremonially or otherwise, until the aforementioned date, June 16, 2009 and was not ready until the 2011-12 school year.
There was also be renovated athletic fields during the process of building the new high school. A multi-purpose field for Lacrosse, Football, Soccer and Field Hockey made of artificial field-turf will be put in. Replacing an old and often muddy practice field. Also, the school district has decided to put in a 400 meter rubberized track, which will replace the outdated cinder track that has actually has become an injury concern for athletes and coaches. Not willing to risk injury to an athlete competing for or against Dallas, they began running "home" meets at nearby Misericordia University and Lake-Lehman High School in 2009. The new Track and Field facility is scheduled to be ready for the 2012 season.
Embezzlement Case.
From July 1, 2001 to Feb. 28, 2009, Guidance Counselor and Athletic Director Jack Wolensky illegally received:
> $55,829.98 in a total of 231 checks he forged endorsements on and deposited into the Wyoming Valley Baseball League account, which he controlled.
> $4,869 from the athletic fund that was meant to be used for students' meals.
> $52,245.50 from overcharging for the Practice Scholastic Assessment Test.
Athletics.
Dallas High School has won PIAA State Championships in football (1993) girls cross country (2003,2005) and girls soccer (2007), mens diving (2005, 2006). Dallas also has won many District 2 and Wyoming Valley Conference titles. A lacrosse team was also adopted for the 2009 season.
2009-2010 Dallas Athletic Teams:

</doc>
<doc id="18846430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846430" title="Medeni Ingilab">
Medeni Ingilab

Medeni Ingilab (also, Madani-Inglap) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846433" title="Qamışlıgöl">
Qamışlıgöl

Qamışlıgöl (also, Gamyshlygël, Gamyshlygël’, and Kamyshly-Gel) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 459. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846437" title="Hacıcavadlı">
Hacıcavadlı

Hacıcavadlı (also, Gadzhydzhavadly and Khadzhi ) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 569. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846439" title="Ləngan">
Ləngan

Ləngan (also, Lengyan and Lyangyan) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 476.

</doc>
<doc id="18846440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846440" title="Məşədi Hüseynli">
Məşədi Hüseynli

Məşədi Hüseynli (also, Məşədhüseynli, Meshadiguseynli, and Mashaduseynly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 107. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846443" title="Həsənli, Jalilabad">
Həsənli, Jalilabad

Həsənli (also, Gasanli and Gasanly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 256. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846445" title="Hacıismayıllı">
Hacıismayıllı

Hacıismayıllı (also, Gadzhyismailly and Gadzhi-Ismaily) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 492. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846452" title="Ləzran, Jalilabad">
Ləzran, Jalilabad

Ləzran (also, Lezran and Lyazran) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 340. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846453" title="Porsava, Jalilabad">
Porsava, Jalilabad

Porsava (also, Porsova) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 222. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846455" title="South Pasadena Local (Pacific Electric)">
South Pasadena Local (Pacific Electric)

South Pasadena Local was an interurban line operated by the Pacific Electric Railway between Downtown Los Angeles and Downtown Pasadena, California by way of the Arroyo Seco Route. This line was originally built in 1895 as the Pasadena and Los Angeles Railway. In 1928 this line, as well as the Annandale Line that used much of the same track, were abandoned. This was one of four interurban lines that connected the 6th & Main Terminal and the Pasadena Terminal.

</doc>
<doc id="18846456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846456" title="Yoko Koikawa">
Yoko Koikawa

References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18846458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846458" title="Lin Weining">
Lin Weining

Lin Weining (Chinese: 林伟宁; born March 15, 1979 in Changyi County, Shandong) is a female Chinese weightlifter. She began with wushu in 1991, and switched to weightlifting in 1992. She joined the provincial weightlifting team four years later.

</doc>
<doc id="18846459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846459" title="Ora Carew">
Ora Carew

Ora Carew (August 13, 1893, Salt Lake City - October 26, 1955, Los Angeles) born Ora Whytock was a silent film actress.
Biography.
She starred in several films between 1915 and 1925 when she retired from the industry. She was known as one of the Sennett Bathing Beauties.
Ora Carew was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, and was educated by private tutors and at Roland Ball Seminary. Her screen career began with Goldwyn, following numerous engagements in vaudeville, musical comedy and stock. Some of the greatest productions in which she had been seen on the screen are "Go West, Young Man", "Too Many Millions" and with Universal she did "Love's Protege", "Loot," "Under Suspicion" and others. She was tall, weighed , and had brown hair and brown eyes. She was exceptionally fond of outdoor sports and found her greatest pleasure in motoring around Hollywood and Los Angeles in her raceabout.
Ora Whytock was married to Harry E Grant and they had one daughter, Lotus Grant, who was born October 20, 1909 and died June 25, 2007 in Sherman Oaks, California. Ora and Harry divorced before 1920. Ora then married John C Howard in Dec 1922 in Hollywood, California and they divorced in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="18846466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846466" title="Porsova">
Porsova

Porsova may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846470" title="Qarğılı">
Qarğılı

Qarğılı (also, Kargulu, Qarqulu, and Karguli) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 805. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846472" title="Tyulkyulyu">
Tyulkyulyu

Tyulkyulyu (also, Tyul’kyulyu and Tyurkyuli) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846477" title="1944 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1944 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1944 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Helms Athletic Foundation, Converse, The Sporting News, and Pic Magazine.
1944 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18846479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846479" title="Xanılı">
Xanılı

Xanılı (also, Khanyly and Khanuli) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 344. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846480" title="Bashsyz">
Bashsyz

Bashsyz (also, Bashyz) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846484" title="Sord M23P">
Sord M23P

The Sord M23P was a "luggable" Japanese personal computer (weighed about 9 kg), manufactured by "Sord Corp." from 1983. It was one of the first machines to use the 3½" disk drive produced by Sony.

</doc>
<doc id="18846487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846487" title="Yarly">
Yarly

Yarly is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846489" title="Novruzallı">
Novruzallı

Novruzallı (also, Novruzally and Naurzali) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 308. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846492" title="Parnaim">
Parnaim

Parnaim (also, Pornaim) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846498" title="Mirtəhməzli">
Mirtəhməzli

Mirtəhməzli (also, Mirtakhmazli and Mirtakhmezli) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 134. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846500" title="Hacıməmmədli, Jalilabad">
Hacıməmmədli, Jalilabad

Hacıməmmədli (also, Gadzhymamedli and Gadzhi-Mamedli) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 325. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846505" title="Dzherimbel">
Dzherimbel

Dzherimbel (also, Dzherimbel’ and Dzhirimbel’) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846508" title="Tomarkhanly">
Tomarkhanly

Tomarkhanly (also, Tamirkhanly and Tomarkhan) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846510" title="İnili">
İnili

İnili (also, Inilli and Inili) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 533.

</doc>
<doc id="18846514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846514" title="Baladzha Bozayran">
Baladzha Bozayran

Baladzha Bozayran (also, Malyy Bazayran) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846518" title="Bëyuk Bozayran">
Bëyuk Bozayran

Bëyuk Bozayran (also, Bazayran) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846519" title="1945 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1945 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1945 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Helms Athletic Foundation, Converse, The Sporting News, and Argosy Magazine.
1945 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18846522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846522" title="Alaşar">
Alaşar

Alaşar (also, Alashar) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 372. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846523" title="Oğrubulaq">
Oğrubulaq

Oğrubulaq (also, Ogrubulak and Ogru-Bulakh) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 235. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846529" title="Asadabad, Jalilabad">
Asadabad, Jalilabad

Asadabad (also, Asad-Abad) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846551" title="Komanlı">
Komanlı

Komanlı (also, Kemanly and Komanly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,696. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846557" title="Kəlbəhüseynli">
Kəlbəhüseynli

Kəlbəhüseynli (also, Kelbaguseynli, Kel’baguseynli, and Kyal’bi-Guseynly) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,231.

</doc>
<doc id="18846558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846558" title="1946 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1946 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1946 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Helms Athletic Foundation, Converse, The Sporting News, and True Magazine.
1946 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18846560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846560" title="Ağdaş, Jalilabad">
Ağdaş, Jalilabad

Ağdaş (also, Agdash) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,354. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846569" title="Şıxlar, Jalilabad">
Şıxlar, Jalilabad

Şıxlar (also, Shykhlyar and Shikhlyar) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 508. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846586" title="Souffles (magazine)">
Souffles (magazine)

Souffles was established by a small group of self-professed 'linguistic guerrillas' as "a manifesto for a new aesthetics in the Maghreb". This magazine became a conduit for a new generation of writers, artists, and intellectuals to stage a revolution against imperialist and colonial cultural domination. The starting point for this revolution was language. 
From its first issue, "Souffles" posed an aggressive challenge to the traditional Francophone and Arabophone literary divides by encouraging experimentation, translations and collaborations. It was not long before its trademark cover emblazoned with an intense black sun radiated throughout Africa, the Arab world, West Indies and the Black Atlantic. In the early 1970s the magazine changed focus. Motivated by the crushing Arab defeat in the Six-Day War and the Paris uprisings, its founder, editor and publisher Abdellatif Laabi declared that "Literature was no longer sufficient". After the fifteenth issue, dedicated to Palestine, "Souffles" underwent a major redesign, emerging as a new firebrand organ of leftist revolutionary group, Ila al-Amam. This new political agenda caught the attention of the authorities and in 1972 the magazine was banned and Laabi arrested. While in prison he was awarded several international poetry prizes. After a long solidarity campaign, he regained his freedom in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18846591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846591" title="1947 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1947 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1947 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of three major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Helms Athletic Foundation, Converse, and True Magazine.
1947 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18846592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846592" title="Şatırlı, Jalilabad">
Şatırlı, Jalilabad

Şatırlı (also, Shatyrly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,244. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846594" title="College of Technology, Kevin Street">
College of Technology, Kevin Street

The Kevin Street Campus of the Dublin Institute of Technology (DIT) is located on Kevin Street, Dublin, Ireland
Description.
This campus includes all of the Faculty of Science; some of the Faculty of Engineering, and the School of Languages. 
The Faculty of Science consists of the following Schools;
The Faculty of Engineering has the following Schools Located in Kevin Street
Architecture.
DIT Kevin Street consists of a main L-shaped building, the Gleeson Hall audiotorium, the gymnasium and swimming pool building and an annex all arranged around a paved courtyard. The main DIT Kevin Street building was designed by Hooper & Mayne and was built in 1968.
Recreational facilities.
The campus also houses some of DIT’s recreational facilities, including the swimming pool which is available to all DIT students. The pool is used by the sub-aqua club and the canoe club, among others, and is open from 8 am in term time. There is also a sports hall where many of DIT's Martial Arts Clubs train, including TaeKwon-Do, Karate, and Judo. Other sports played in the hall include basketball and badminton. The Hall also contains a climbing wall.

</doc>
<doc id="18846595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846595" title="Bəcirəvan, Jalilabad">
Bəcirəvan, Jalilabad

Bëyuk Badzhiravan (also, Bol’shoy Badzhiravan) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,322. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846596" title="Axtaxana">
Axtaxana

Axtaxana (also, Akhtakhana) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 215. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846599" title="Əsədli, Jalilabad">
Əsədli, Jalilabad

Əsədli (also, Asadly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 937. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846600" title="Nakshatratharattu">
Nakshatratharattu

Nakshatratharattu is a 1998 Malayalam film directed by K. Shankar, and starring Kunchacko Boban and Shalini in the lead roles.
Plot.
Sunil (Kunchacko Boban) meets Hema (Shalini) while on a bus trip. They quarrel while on the bus, to humorous results, but part upon reaching their destination. Sunil goes to meet Swaminathan (Jagadeesh), who organises a job for Sunil as a photographer. For his first job, his boss tells him to find a model. Sunil spots Hema at his office, and as she is a part-time model, he takes pictures of her, and they get to talking in the meantime. Sunil presents the photos to his boss and Hema is chosen as the model.
Hema and Sunil get into a fight the next day, but Sunil suggests that Hema likes him, after which he asks her out. While he is packing to leave, she arrives with a few of her friends. Swaminathan also arrives before them and hides in the house. The two fight again, and she leaves after giving him a shirt she'd bought for him. He throws the shirt into the pond out of anger, but fishes it out the next day and discovers that it has the phrase, "I love you" written on it. Intending now to marry Hema, Sunil goes to see the priest in place of his father, as he is an orphan. Hema, who is also an orphan, is unaware that the same is true for Sunil, and dreams of having a big family. The priest gives his blessing and they marry. Swaminathan organises a house for them in Skyline Colony and they meet Darling Hariharan. His mother despises the couple since they married without their parents' permission. However, when they finally meet and decide that either Sunil or Hema's parents will be the chief guest, everything falls apart. After they learn that they are both orphans, they go on a hunt to adopt a mother and father, and the rest of the story is formed by how they get along with their new parents.
Box office.
The film was a box-office hit, and ran for more than 90 days. It also helped Kunchako Boban to position himself in Mollywood.

</doc>
<doc id="18846607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846607" title="Əsədli">
Əsədli

Əsədli or Asadly or may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846614" title="Fairmont Senior High School">
Fairmont Senior High School

Fairmont Senior High School (FSHS) is a historic secondary school located in Fairmont, West Virginia, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The school serves grades nine through twelve and is part of the Marion County School District. The athletic teams are referred to as the Polar Bears, giving rise to the term "Polar Bear Pride".
History.
Established in 1876, the school was relocated once in 1905 and again in 1928 to accommodate the growing student population. The first building to house Fairmont High School was the Second Ward Building on the corner of Adams and Quincy. Between 1872, when the building was constructed, and 1892 the building jointly held the public and normal schools of Fairmont despite the public school and normal department's separation in 1875. Fairmont High School was founded in the Second Ward Building in 1876, and the first graduating class consisted of four students in 1877. Increased enrollment and the need for additional facilities eventually lead to the construction of a new school.
In 1905 a new building was constructed at "The Point", consisting of 12 classrooms, labs, offices and a library with the top floor used as a gymnasium. The first class attended the new Fairmont High School in 1906. A gymnasium was constructed at the rear of the building in 1922, and although the high school no longer stands, the Fifth Street Gym is still in operation for interscholastic purposes. In 1927 the school system decided to adopt a 6-3-3 organization for schools in the area. This meant that grades 7-9 would make up a junior high school, while grades 10-12 would create a senior high school. To achieve this, a new senior high school was needed.
The building that was constructed at Loop Park in 1928 established Fairmont Senior High School where it still resides. The old building remained in operation as Fairmont Junior High School until 1963 when the foundation of the building slipped, forcing its closure. A building was constructed at Fairmont Senior High School to hold the displaced ninth grade students, while the seventh and eighth grades were relocated to a new school on High Street.
Much of the new building was constructed of concrete, which helped to mitigate the destruction caused by a fire that damaged a large section of the school's roof on February 16, 1979. The historic foundation of the building was preserved.
The campus has since become a conglomeration of facilities displaying the differences in architectural influences for over a century. At , the campus on Oakwood Road ranks among the most beautiful in the state and country. The outdoor living classroom of trees with historical significance also cultivates flowering dogwoods, maples, and oaks, which enhance the landscape and make every season a beautiful environment for learning.
The campus currently consists of the original school and several separate structures including a science and mathematics building called the Freshman building, a full-sized gymnasium, and a cafeteria. The decentralized campus provides for a college atmosphere due to the outdoor nature of travel between classes. The campus also features many walkways, a small waterfall, flowering bushes, and rolling hills.
National Register.
On March 22, 2002 Fairmont Senior High School was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Architect William B. Ittner, who is responsible for over three dozen entries in the National Register, designed the school in the late 1920s. He was prominent in St. Louis, Missouri where his firm Ittner Architects still operates.
The school's architectural classification is Colonial Revival, with a stone foundation, brick walls, and asphalt shingle roofing. Materials were provided by the local Smallwood Low Stone Company. Excavation began on January 26, 1928, by the builders D. J. Phipps of Roanoke, Virginia, and the building was finished just over a year later on April 1, 1929, with a total cost of approximately $574,000. The main building originally possessed 33 classrooms, and could comfortably accommodate 900 students. Plans were included to expand the building should the student population increase.
Fairmont Senior possesses many unique features that fortify its historic nature. The open light court or "senior court" is bound on all sides by interior walls of the school, but is not constrained by a ceiling. The opening provides sunlight to the surrounding halls and classrooms, as well as the small glass greenhouse located just inside the court. In 1929, the first class to graduate from the building presented the school with a statue of Abraham Lincoln that still stands outside of senior court.
The school also possessed a central ventilation system that provided fresh air to the classrooms and featured two chimneys that can still be seen from the exterior of the building. This system was later closed off due to fire codes. Another notable contribution are the eight tiled water fountain backsplashes. Each displays a different scene and contains the original tiles used in its creation.
The auditorium originally housed 1107 opera style chairs and a 16 by wooden stage. Later, when the stage was expanded, the first four rows of seating were removed leaving 976 seats. By the start of the 20th century, many of the seats were in poor condition and needed to be replaced. To preserve the historic nature of one of the school's greatest attributes, the 1000 Voices fund was established to restore the auditorium to its original state. In 2001 the seats were dismantled and sent away to be completely refurbished and reinstalled into the auditorium. Intricate details such as the gold leaf ribbons on the house lighting globes was also preserved, as well as detailed paintings on the proscenium arch.
Other structures also contribute to the school's historic nature. A small single arch concrete bridge crosses a stream that divides the campus; a stone wall approximately in length runs along the back of the school; and two brick gate posts stand at the entrance of the campus.
Inscriptions.
Adding to the historical significance of the building are several inscriptions that can be found etched into the stone at various locations on the exterior of the main building. The inscription at the main entrance was taken from a quote by Daniel Webster who spoke at the dedication of the Bunker Hill Monument in 1825.
Fine arts.
Band.
The Polar Bear Marching band is under the direction of Mr. John Schneider and regularly travels to participate in competitive events. The band has performed in Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York City, Walt Disney World, and Universal Studios. The curriculum includes Percussion Ensemble, Jazz Ensemble, Marching and Concert Bands. Fairmont Senior is also one of the few schools in the state to have a full Steel Drum Band perform at various state venues. The band also won the TOB group 4 division in 2007.
Choral Music.
Fairmont Senior High School has a rich tradition of providing some of the highest quality choral music at the high school level. The Fairmont Senior Madrigal Chamber Choir, a renaissance style a cappella choir, has won numerous all-around Festivals of Music choral competitions in places such as Montreal, New York City, and Williamsburg. The choral department includes the Choraliers, Madrigals, Freshman, Men's and Women's Chorus, and piano instruction. The elite Madrigals, an Elizabethan style choral group, entertain in authentic costumes. The group has won competitive prestigious prizes and performed at the inauguration of West Virginia Governor Joe Manchin.
Drama and Speech.
The International Thespian Society originated in Fairmont, West Virginia and was founded by Dr. Paul Opp and Mr. Harry Leeper. Two of the three original chapters were Fairmont Senior High School Troupe #2 and East Fairmont High School Troupe #3.
Averaging 50 trophies for the past 25 years, the speech team's total trophy accumulation numbers over 1200. FSHS has placed more students in the top 48 at the Octo Finals than any high school in the state of WV.
Athletics.
The boys' sports teams are referred to as the Polar Bears and the girls' teams, the Lady Polar Bears. Fairmont Senior competes in the North Central Athletic Conference (NCAC) and regularly contends for state titles in various sports. The school has a total of 21 sports teams and is one of the few in the state to have a lacrosse team. The school has also won a total of 36 state titles and has many honorable mentions as the runners up in state championship events.
Mascot.
Originally the athletics teams were known as "Ice's Men" in reference to Coach Frank Ice who coached the school's athletic teams from 1914 to 1920. In 1926 the Polar Bear mascot was officially established in honor of the coach. The class of 1970 donated twin polar bear statues that line the entrance of the school.
Rivalry.
Fairmont Senior is one of three AA high schools in Marion County, along with East Fairmont High School and North Marion High School. While both schools have presented competition for FSHS, the intense rivalry that exists between Fairmont Senior and East Fairmont has been considered one of the greatest in the state, known simply as the East-West Rivalry. 
The two schools have met for 89 consecutive years beginning on October 25, 1921, making the series one of the oldest in the state. Considered to be at the peak of its intensity during the 1940s and 1950s, the event was then recognized as a state-wide festivity and drew large crowds annually. 
Adding to the tension between the two schools is the fact that they share a home football field at the historic East-West Stadium. For the East-West football game the home team is alternated each year and decorates the stadium in their school's colors. 
Fairmont Senior leads the series 54-28-7. Three scoreless ties and 26 shutouts have been recorded throughout the rivalry's history.
East-West Stadium.
The Polar Bear football, soccer, lacrosse, and track teams all practice and perform off-campus at the historic East-West Stadium. The stadium was built in the 1920s and is home to both Fairmont Senior High School and East Fairmont High School. The facility includes a football/soccer/lacrosse field, track, and a swimming pool. The stadium, which covers one full city block, has an approximate capacity of six-thousand spectators.
Swimming.
Until the 2009 season, the Boy's Polar Bear Swim team had never lost the West Virginia state championship title, winning every state swim meet since the formation of the sport in 1999. This accomplishment puts Fairmont Senior in the company of Parkersburg High School as the only two AAA high schools in the state of West Virginia to achieve a streak of ten or more state championship victories in a single sport.
Notable alumni.
†Attended freshman year before training for the Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18846615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846615" title="Göytəpə, Jalilabad">
Göytəpə, Jalilabad

Göytəpə (also, Geytepe, Göytäpä, Prišib, Prishib, Prishibinsk, Prishibinskoe, and Prishibinskoye) — is a city and the most populous municipality, except for the capital Cəlilabad, in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 14,144.

</doc>
<doc id="18846620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846620" title="Ləkin">
Ləkin

Ləkin (also, Lyakin) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,536. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846621" title="Kövüzbulaq (39° 08' N 48° 28' E)">
Kövüzbulaq (39° 08' N 48° 28' E)

Kövüzbulaq (also, Gëvuzbulak and Keuz-Bulakh) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846623" title="İncilli">
İncilli

İncilli (also, Indzhilli and Inzhilli) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 608. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846627" title="Xoşçobanlı, Masally">
Xoşçobanlı, Masally

Xoşçobanlı (also, Khoshchobanly and Khoshchobanny) is a village and municipality in the Masally District of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,285. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846632" title="Khoshchobanly">
Khoshchobanly

Khoshchobanly or Khoshchobanly or Khash-Chabanly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846635" title="Hisato Yasui">
Hisato Yasui


</doc>
<doc id="18846665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846665" title="Musalı, Jalilabad">
Musalı, Jalilabad

Musalı (also, Musa-Kend and Musaly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,725. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846667" title="Zəhmətabad, Jalilabad">
Zəhmətabad, Jalilabad

Zəhmətabad (also, Zakhmetabad and Zakhmet-Abod) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 589. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846672" title="Kövüzbulaq (39° 09' N 48° 16' E)">
Kövüzbulaq (39° 09' N 48° 16' E)

Kövüzbulaq (also, Hovuzbulaq, Gëvuzbulak, Geyuzblakh, and Keyuz-Bulakh) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846676" title="Xəlilabad">
Xəlilabad

Xəlilabad (also, Xililabad and Khalilabad) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,372. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846677" title="Sayers (bakery)">
Sayers (bakery)

Sayers the Bakers is the largest independent retail baker in the north-west of England, established in 1912 in Liverpool. The retailer sells savouries, sandwiches and bakery products across over 150 stores, from Fleetwood in Lancashire down to Wrexham in Wales. Sayers remained a family run business until 1977 when it was sold to United Biscuits and again to Warburtons in 1990, where it has since undergone several management buyouts.
History.
Sayers was established in 1912 by Fred and Lylian Sayer. Their first kitchen was based in a basement in Prescot Road, Old Swan and this then moved to a second shop in County Road, Walton in 1922.
In 1925, a larger bakery opened on Aintree Road in Bootle. Then in 1931, a further expansion moved the business to a larger location in Lorenzo Drive, Norris Green. This new location was purpose built.
Sayers then remained a family business until 1977 when it was sold to United Biscuits. In 1990, it was sold again to Warburtons, a baking firm based in Bolton.
Warburtons also bought Hampsons, Sayer's sister company and other bakeries in their estate included Burneys of Rochdale, Spinks of Sharston, Parkers of Eccles, Burtons of Blackpool.
In 1996, Warburtons then sold all its bakers stores to Lyndale Foods. Then in 1997, the brand was expanded further when the Annes Shops chain of shops were bought from Roberts Bakery in 1997.
Future.
Sayers is currently the biggest independent retail baker in the North West and currently has over 150 shops and 25 cafés from Fleetwood in the north to Wrexham in the south, and Rhyl in the west to Halifax in the East.
Some of its shops have now changed into a sister shop Poundbakery which sells similar products, but at a lower price.
Products.
Sayers sells a range of cakes, savouries, sandwiches, soups and bakery products.

</doc>
<doc id="18846679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846679" title="Astanlı, Jalilabad">
Astanlı, Jalilabad

Astanlı (also, Astanly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 560. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846680" title="Soltankənd, Jalilabad">
Soltankənd, Jalilabad

Soltankənd (also, Soltankend and Sultankend) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 717. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846689" title="CCEE">
CCEE

The acronym CCEE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846692" title="New Orleans Tribune">
New Orleans Tribune

The New Orleans Tribune is a newspaper serving the African-American community of New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. It was founded in 1985, and has the same name as an earlier newspaper established around 1864.
The newspaper is published by McKenna Publishing Co., which also publishes "The Blackbook", a community directory of African-American businesses, and "Welcome", a guide for Black tourists to New Orleans.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18846693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846693" title="Soltankənd">
Soltankənd

Soltankənd or Soltankend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846696" title="Seyidbazar">
Seyidbazar

Seyidbazar (also, Seyid bazar and Seidbazar) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,171. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846702" title="Edişə, Jalilabad">
Edişə, Jalilabad

Edişə (also, Edisha and Yedysha) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 710. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846704" title="Zopun">
Zopun

Zopun (also, Zupun) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 968. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846708" title="Pərdili">
Pərdili

Pərdili (also, Pərdi, Pardu, and Pyardili) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 992. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846709" title="Sunrun">
Sunrun

Sunrun Inc. is a United States-based provider of residential solar electricity, headquartered in San Francisco, California. The company operates in eleven states: Arizona, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Massachusetts, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Oregon, and Connecticut. Sunrun was co-founded in January 2007 by Nat Kreamer, Ed Fenster and Lynn Jurich. Fenster and Jurich met while at Stanford Graduate School of Business and currently serve as the firm's Co-CEO's. The company uses a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) business model whereby homeowners pay for electricity usage but do not buy solar panels outright, reducing the initial capital outlay required by the homeowner. Along with a solar power purchase agreement, Sunrun also offers a solar lease program. Sunrun is responsible for installation, maintenance, monitoring and repairs.
Since its founding in September 2007, Sunrun has partnered with a number of firms including Verengo Solar Plus, REC Solar, Sunetric, Gen110 Standard Solar, and ASE. Sunrun's main competitors are SolarCity, Sungevity, SunPower, and Vivint Solar, which all offer lease programs and/or power purchase agreements.
Financing.
The company raised $12 million in venture capital funding from a group of investors including Foundation Capital in June 2008. In 2009, Sunrun closed a Series B round of funding for $18 million led by Accel Partners and joined by Foundation Capital. The company also received an additional commitment of $90 million in tax equity from U.S. Bancorp in 2009, following the $105 million in project financing from the bank in 2008. In June 2010, Sunrun struck a deal with PG&E for $100 million. Following the deal, the company announced $55 million in fresh capital from Sequoia Capital.

</doc>
<doc id="18846712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846712" title="Cəngan, Jalilabad">
Cəngan, Jalilabad

Cəngan (also known by the name Dzhangyan) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 585. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846725" title="Cəngan">
Cəngan

Cəngan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846732" title="Maşlıq">
Maşlıq

Maşlıq (also, Mashlyk and Mashlykh) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,515. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846737" title="Kürdlər, Jalilabad">
Kürdlər, Jalilabad

Kürdlər (also, Kurdlyar and Kyurdlyar) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 705. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846738" title="Tama language (Colombia)">
Tama language (Colombia)

Tama is an extinct indigenous Tucanoan language of Colombia. It was spoken in the regions of Vicente, Orteguaza River and Caquetá Region.

</doc>
<doc id="18846740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846740" title="Fərzili">
Fərzili

Fərzili (also, Farzali, Fərzəli, Farzuli and Farzuly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 657. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846742" title="Mikayıllı, Jalilabad">
Mikayıllı, Jalilabad

Mikayıllı (also, Mikailly and Mikeyly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,201. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846750" title="Mikayıllı">
Mikayıllı

Mikayıllı or Mikailly or Mikeyly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846756" title="Xanəgah, Jalilabad">
Xanəgah, Jalilabad

Xanəgah (also, Khanagya and Khanagyakh) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,320. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846759" title="Charles Allen Moser">
Charles Allen Moser

Charles Allen Moser (born 1952) is an American physician specializing in internal medicine and focusing on sexual medicine. Moser is based in San Francisco and focuses his research and practice on individuals in the LGBT, kink, and fetish communities. Described by sex therapist Marty Klein as a national forensic expert, Moser is well known in his field, and he frequently writes to oppose diagnosing paraphilias, dyspareunia, hypersexuality, and other sexual phenomena as disorders. Moser was the 2009 recipient of the Outstanding Contributions to Sexual Science Award from the Western Region of the Society for the Scientific Study of Sexuality. Moser served on the Board of Directors of The Foundation for the Scientific Study of Sexuality from 2001 to 2003 and on the Board for the St. James Infirmary Clinic from 2006 to 2008. He was elected a fellow of the American College of Physicians in 2006.
Career.
Moser received his B.S. in physics from State University of New York at Stony Brook in 1974. He then earned an M.S.W. from the University of Washington in 1975 and a degree from the non-accredited Institute for Advanced Study of Human Sexuality in 1979. He is currently Professor of Sexology and Dean of Professional Studies there. He earned his M.D. from Hahnemann University School of Medicine, a homeopathic medical school, in 1991. He has practiced as a board-certified Internal Medicine physician since 1994. Moser has served as the President of the Western Region of the Society for the Scientific Study of Sexuality and is on the Editorial Board of "San Francisco Medicine".
Publications have included discussions of paraphilia, use of Viagra by women, foot fetishes, nipple piercing, sadomasochism, safer sex, orgasm, and the effects of recreational drugs on sexual functioning. He has stated that the prevalence of sadomasochism is around 10% of the population. The specific paraphilias he has questioned as mental illnesses include pedophilia, hebephilia, sadism, autogynephilia, and zoophilia. Moser's views have been criticized by conservatives.
He and Peggy Kleinplatz have criticized aspects of the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders," arguing for the removal of paraphilias and dyspareunia from the manual. They wrote, "The equating of unusual sexual interests with psychiatric diagnoses has been used to justify the oppression of sexual minorities and to serve political agendas. A review of this area is not only a scientific issue, but also a human rights issue."

</doc>
<doc id="18846764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846764" title="Xanəgah">
Xanəgah

Xanəgah or Khanaga or Khanegya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846768" title="Live from Nowhere, Volume 3">
Live from Nowhere, Volume 3

Live From Nowhere, Volume 3 is a live album by Over the Rhine, released in 2008, containing highlights from the band's 2007 shows. The CD is a limited edition and comes in a fold-out digipak.

</doc>
<doc id="18846771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846771" title="Cogent Partners">
Cogent Partners

Cogent Partners is a boutique, private equity-focused investment bank and advisory firm and was one of the first advisory firms dedicated to transactions in the private equity secondary market (secondaries). The firm, which was founded in 2002, provides an array of sell-side advisory services such as secondary advisory, portfolio valuation and other research functions. Since inception, Cogent Partners has advised on over 4,500 limited partnership interests representing over $65 billion in private equity secondaries. 
Cogent Partners offers various private equity research products, including both fund and portfolio-level performance monitoring as well as due diligence services for new fund commitments. The firm publishes research bulletins for distribution to institutional investors. Cogent also runs an alternative asset management business "CP Cogent Asset Management" which focuses in particular on investing into the timber asset class. Cogent raised and manages the Cambium Global Timberland Limited Fund, listed on the London Stock Exchange, which is run by Colin McGrady.
The firm has offices in Dallas, New York City, London, Shanghai and Tokyo and comprises a team of over 40 professionals.
The firm was founded by former investment professionals from the Crossroads Group. Among its founders were Colin McGrady, Scott Myers, Stephen Sloan, Ian Charles, and Brian Mooney. Crossroads was a private equity investment manager investing primarily as a fund of funds. Within the secondary space, Crossroads was noted for its $340 million acquisition of a portfolio of direct investments in large- to mid-cap companies from Electronic Data Systems (EDS). Since then, the firm has added a variety of professionals from various investment banking and management consulting backgrounds.
Regulations.
CP COGENT SECURITIES LP is a broker-dealer licensed by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and is a member of Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). COGENT PARTNERS EUROPE, LLP is a broker-dealer authorized and regulated by the U.K. Financial Services Authority. Additionally, Cogent Partners Europe, LLP is a member of the British Venture Capital Association (BVCA), of the European Venture Capital Association (EVCA) and of the Association Française des Investisseurs en Capital (AFIC).
Competitors.
Within the secondary advisory space, other advisors also include investments banks (Credit Suisse and UBS), electronic exchanges (NYPPE also a buyer of secondary interests through Allen Capital Partners), dedicated secondary advisory firm Setter Capital, as well as established fund placement agents (Campbell Lutyens, Park Hill Group, Probitas Partners and Triago).
Within the Asset management Business, the firm competes with a number of established asset management firms such as Pictet & Cie and J. P. Morgan and specialist timber investors such as the Forestland Group and FourWinds Capital Management.

</doc>
<doc id="18846772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846772" title="Dövlətalıbəyli">
Dövlətalıbəyli

Dövlətalıbəyli (also, Dövlətəlibəyli, Devlyat-Ali-Beyli, and Dovlyatalybeyli) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 375. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846782" title="Jerome J. Hastrich">
Jerome J. Hastrich

Jerome Joseph Hastrich (November 13, 1914 – May 12, 1995) was the second bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gallup, in Gallup, New Mexico.
Born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Hastrich was ordained to the priesthood on February 9, 1941, for the Archdiocese of Milwaukee. On December 22, 1945, he was incardinated into the newly created Diocese of Madison. On July 25, 1963, Pope Paul VI appointed him auxiliary bishop of the Madison Diocese, and he was consecrated bishop on September 3, 1963. On August 25, 1969, Pope Paul VI appointed Hastrich Bishop of the Gallup Diocese. He retired on March 31, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18846794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846794" title="Churachandpur">
Churachandpur

Churachandpur, originally & locally known as Lamka, is the district headquarter of Churachandpur district in Manipur. "Due to its commercial origins,Churachandpur is the most multi-ethnic and cosmopolitan hill town in Manipur. During WW II, Churachandpur did not escape Japanese bombing; but it enjoyed about five decades of quiet and peaceful progress in the post-War period. Especially during the 1970s and '80s, Churachandpur was an "island of peace" which exerted a magnetic pull for many moneyed investors seeking good profit.
Education.
Churachandpur district boasts a high literacy rate of 74.67% (2001 Census), above the state literacy average of 68.87% and the Indian average of 64%.
Schools.
The town is served by a combination of government and privately run educational institutions. Bethany Christian Higher Secondary School located at Family Lane, Bijang is the oldest privately run higher secondary school in the district.
Lalpuithluai Foundation School is one of the few schools in Churachandpur district to offer Computer Science as an additional subject. In fact, Lalpuithluai Foundation School is one of the very few school in India to introduce Tablets in place of traditional textbooks with the objective of taking learning to a new level. Most of the schools are affiliated to Board of Secondary Education, Manipur (BSEM). Jawahar Novodaya Vidhyalaya (Tuinom), St. Paul's Institute (New Lamka) and Rayburn High (New Lamka) are the three schools in Churachandpur which are affiliated to CBSE. Mount Olive Elementary School Simveng has a unique reputation of imparting basic education to children below the age of 5 using Multimedia technology in all their Kindergarten Classes.
Young Learners High School, situated in between Zenhang Lamka and Rengkai is one of the best Preparatory school in the district. Starting from a small Prep Class of about 30 students by Mrs Ramsiemzo Joute now wed to Elder Haulienhlu Tusing, the school has develop into a good high school and every year its Matriculation exam record is one of the highest in the district.
Rengkai Govt Higher Secondary School at Rengkai is the best government run higher secondary school in the district. Among other Higher Secondary school worth mentioning are Vision Academy, Bethany Christian Higher Secondary School, Sielmat Higher Secondary School and Assemblies of God Higher Secondary School.
College.
Churachandpur has two government degree colleges - Churachandpur College, Lamka College. Bethany Christian College located at Bijang (Family Lane) is the oldest among private colleges in Churachandpur. Rayburn College, Sielmat Christian Higher Secondary School, VK Tawna College, Mangminthang College of Arts & Commerce, Bethany Christian College are some of the private Institutions that impart education at the Higher Secondary Level. Affiliated to Manipur University, all the local colleges offer several Three Year Degree (TDC) courses in science and liberal arts.
Media.
Churachandpur has a vibrant press and media - be it print, audio-visual or electronic media.
The Manipur Express Daily Newspaper, started in 1981 and currently printing more than 10,000 copies daily in Paite language, is the largest newspaper in Churachandpur. Another newspaper published in Churachandpur, The Lamka Post, also prints around 10,000 copies daily in Paite language. These two dailies, with their own special Sunday Supplements are the largest in the District. Other newspapers in Churachandpur include Thupuaktu(Paite), Sumkawn (Thadou), Hmasawnna Thar (Hmar), Sikni-Eng (Mizo), Nisin Thuhiltu (Vaiphei), Zogam Today (Zou), etc.
Several monthly magazines in tribal languages are also published in Churachandpur - Tongdam (Paite), The Lamka Chronicle (Paite), Tongluang (Paite), ZingDaitui(Paite), Suangmantam Digest(Paite), Limlang(Paite), Ruth Messenger(Paite), Frontier Weekend(Paite-English), Huihchim(Gangte), Voice of the Hills (Thadou), Zingvalpa (Thadou),Vanglai (Simte), Chollha (Thadou), Sawrtui (Hmar), Laizon Digest (Thadou), Khohui (Thadou), Zalen Banner (weekly in Thadou), etc.
Hornbill Cable Network (Manipur's first cable television network), TC Network, Sinlung Cable, Angel's Vision, ZRS and Laizom Cable are some of the main cable television networks in Churachandpur providing localised contents including news items.
Churachandpur also has its own FM Radio Station, the All India Radio Churachandpur (101.4 Megahertz). Paite language which serves as the lingua franca for the different tribal communities in the District (MS. Prabharaka: "Ferment In Manipur" Frontline, January 7-20, 1989, p.38) is used as the Link Language in Southern Manipur's lone FM Station (AIR Churachandpur/Lamka).
Socio-Economic.
The district is inhabited by several tribes such as Paite, Tedim Chin, Hmar, Mizo, Vaiphei, Gangte, Zou, Simte,Thadou, Kom and other Chin-Kuki-Mizo ethnic peoples. Each tribe has a distinct social order as well as community laws. The system of hereditary chieftainship as well as community ownership of village land is prevalent in the district. In case of hereditary chieftainship, the chief is all-powerful as he controls not only the economy of the village through his ownership of the land but exercises social control over the households in the village. An overwhelming majority of the tribal population has converted to Christianity. Christianity has not materially changed the social order but was the critical faith in bringing to an end the head-hunting wars and savagery that characterized early tribal societies. Education rapidly spread through English medium schools. In the last hundred years the society has undergone radical change from the past. All tribal societies are patriarchal, but the women are not discriminated against. They play a significant role in agriculture and animal husbandry, besides being actively involved in weaving.
Meitei, the major community of Manipur,constitute a small section of the population of the district,are largely involve in trade and other commercial activities.
The town has grown considerably fast in the past few years with the addition of thousands of cars and bikes (quarterly) in the town as reported by the transport department. The population has grown massively due to the influx of people from small villages, coming in and settling down in search of a better life and education for their children.The hospitality department is also not left behind with the opening of new hotels like Hotel Venus which is in Go Chin Khup veng, New Lamka and Jessy guest house in Zenhang Bazar. It was just yesterday when there was no proper accommodation infrastructure for travelers but now with the investment in Hotels, the town has become popular with businessmen as they try to seek out more areas for investment. The only hindrance to development is the insurgency and rampant corruption that has destabilize the whole region from poor infrastructure to poor planning by the officials.
Politics.
Churachandpur is part of the Outer Manipur Lok Sabha constituency.
Transport.
The state highway Tedim Road runs through the town linking it with the state capital Imphal, 64 km. The main local transport within the town is Town Bus and Auto-rickshaws plying in various routes. You can reach Imphal by paying less than Rs. 100/-, there are many smaller and faster vehicles Winger and Express Bus services if you want a noon-stop transport.The Sugnu Road runs through Rengkai up to Sugnu and you can go to Myanmar from there. The State Transport Office is located in Bijang near the Churachandpur Police Station.
The Tedim Road runs through Singngat and Behiang, Myanmar border, you will find a Bus to Behiang at New Bazar crowdy place, get a ride for about 6 hours and pay minimal Rs. 80-100. Since the road are dusty you may find yourself looking not so smart, you will find most of the people transporting in simple cloths.
Air.
The nearest airport to the town is Tulihal Airport, Imphal which is from the main town. There is proper Road connectivity from the Airport to the town.The Imphal Airport will soon be upgraded to international airport linking it with Mandalay in Myanmar.
Rail.
The town is yet to be reached by the development in Train Transportation. The nearest railway station is Dimapur and Guwahati.
Road.
National Highway No. 150 also known as Tipaimukh Road passes through the heart of the town on its way to Mizoram. Tedim Road Connects the town with Imphal City, Guite Road also connects the town with the neighboring state Mizoram. The Sugnu Road connect the town with Sugnu, near Myanmar side.
River:
The Khuga river(locally known as TUITHA lui(river), the source of the vast paddy fields runs north to south and enter the Loktak Lake in Moirang. The Khuga(Tuitha) Multi-Purpose Dam at Mata is one of the hot tourist spot. The Dam waters has increased in recent years and it has become a fishing spot for the locals.

</doc>
<doc id="18846797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846797" title="Forever Amber (film)">
Forever Amber (film)

Forever Amber is a 1947 American romantic drama film starring Linda Darnell and Cornel Wilde. It was based on the book of the same name by Kathleen Winsor. It also starred Richard Greene, George Sanders, Glenn Langan, Richard Haydn, Dolores Hart, and Jessica Tandy.
The film was adapted by Jerome Cady, Philip Dunne and Ring Lardner, Jr., and directed by Otto Preminger, who replaced original director John M. Stahl after 39 days of filming and $300,000 of production. The movie was originally budgeted at $4.5 million.
The Hays Office had condemned the novel, but within a month of its publication the movie rights had been purchased by 20th Century Fox. 
In 1947, Darnell won the starring role in the highly anticipated film adaptation when the original star, newcomer Peggy Cummins, proved too inexperienced for the role. The character Amber in the novel was so called because of her eye color. Publicity at the time compared the novel "Forever Amber" to "Gone with the Wind". The search for the actress to portray Amber, a beauty who uses men to make her fortune in 17th-century England, was modeled on the extensive process that led to the casting of Vivien Leigh as Scarlett O'Hara.
The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Original Music Score.
Plot.
The film begins in 1644 during the English Civil War, as we see a group of Roundheads pursuing a Cavalier's carriage. The carriage drives into the country where its passengers abandon a baby, named Amber, on the doorstep of a farming cottage. The roundheads soon catch up with the carriage and kill all the passengers while the farmers discover and decide to adopt Amber. 
The film moves forward to 1660; the death of Oliver Cromwell and the restoration of the Monarchy.The residents of London rejoice and celebrate the return of the monarchy. However the small rural towns and villages remain strictly puritanical. Sixteen years after being abandoned in a small rural village, we see that Amber has grown into a beauty and is about to be married despite her protests. She wants to be more than a farmer’s wife and dreams of court fashions and a life away from the village.Her dream comes true with the arrival of a group of cavaliers and the handsome Bruce Carlton, who she becomes instantly smitten with. She follows the Cavaliers to a tavern and begs Bruce to let her come with him to London. Despite her request and coaxing from Bruce’s friend Almsbury, Bruce refuses her while Almsbury also unsuccessfully tries to seduce her. Amber once again tries to convince to Bruce to take her to London, which he refuses, before they share a kiss. 
Bruce and Almsbury return to London to seek an audience with the king but are turned away. Barbra Palmer, the king’s mistress, is brought to court and coldly walks past them. As Bruce and Almsbury return to their London tavern they see that Amber has followed them to London. Bruce allows her to stay with him and they begin an affair whereby Bruce pampers Amber with new gowns and takes her to the theatre. At one performance, Bruce sees Barbra Palmer alone and goes to speak with her about getting the king to grant him ships for his privateer mission. Amber is distraught at the thought of Bruce leaving and stops Almsbury from warning Bruce that the king has arrived. The king sees Bruce with his mistress and later summons him to court. 
Not wanting his friend to face the king’s wrath alone, Almsbury goes with him. The king however grants Bruce the ships he needs and requests that he leave for Bristol that very night. Bruce and Almsbury return to the tavern to see Amber sleeping. Bruce plans on leaving before Amber wakes and Almsbury helps him pack despite telling Bruce that Amber loves him and it would be cruel. The next morning Amber wakes up to find Almsbury packing up his belongings and returning to Almsbury hall. Almsbury explains that the king gave him back his lands and gave Bruce his ships as Amber races into Bruce’s room to see it empty.Almsbury tries to convince Amber to go back to her village but she refuses stating that she will marry Bruce no matter what. Almsbury leaves her and gives her money from Bruce to keep her from starving. 
However Amber is quickly conned out of her money, put in debt and sent to Newgate Prison. While in Newgate Prison, Amber discovers she’s pregnant with Bruce’s child and meets Black Jack Mallet, a highway man, who falls in love with her and who helps her break out. The pair go to Mother Redcap’s tavern where Amber gives birth to a son. Amber soon begins to make a living luring fops into alleyways where Black Jack robs them. During one of the robberies, Black Jack is killed by the king’s guard and Amber flees. She hides inside a house where she is discovered by Captain Rex Morgan. 
He gets her work as an actress to save her from being sent to Tyburn and takes her as his mistress. While working as an actress, the Earl of Radcliffe shows an interest in Amber and Almsbury returns to London. He is now married with a child and tells Amber that Bruce will return any day now. Captain Morgan also proposes to Amber but she rejects him because she still loves Bruce.

</doc>
<doc id="18846799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846799" title="Karayarka">
Karayarka

Karayarka (also, Koroyarka) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846801" title="İcarə">
İcarə

İcarə (also, E-Chara and Idzhara) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18846806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846806" title="Uzuntəpə">
Uzuntəpə

Uzuntəpə (also, Novogol’sk and Novogolovka) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 6,150. The municipality consists of the villages of Uzuntəpə and Novoqolovka.

</doc>
<doc id="18846807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846807" title="Məlikqasımlı">
Məlikqasımlı

Məlikqasımlı (also, Melik-Kasum and Melikkasymly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,707. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846809" title="Cəlayir, Jalilabad">
Cəlayir, Jalilabad

Cəlayir (also, Cəlair, Dzhalair, and Dzhalayir) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,004. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846810" title="Craft and Folk Art Museum">
Craft and Folk Art Museum

The Craft and Folk Art Museum (CAFAM), was incorporated in 1973 and began formal museum operations in 1975. It is the successor to The Egg and The Eye Gallery and Restaurant, which opened in 1965 in the same historic building. Like the present-day museum, the gallery showed contemporary craft objects and folk art and the restaurant featured a long list of ethnically-inspired omelettes. When the commercial gallery was converted to a private, nonprofit museum, the restaurant took the name of the former gallery, The Egg and The Eye.
Overview.
Located on Los Angeles’ Museum Row on Wilshire Boulevard, and across from the George C. Page Museum and La Brea Tar Pits, CAFAM presents six original exhibitions a year ranging from the local to the global; traditional to contemporary. CAFAM is the only museum in Los Angeles showing exclusively craft, folk art, and design. CAFAM works to recognize emerging artists and make art accessible to all audiences.
History.
In 1965, a group of women, led by artist Edith R. Wyle (grandmother of actor Noah Wyle), called the "Folk Art's High Priestess" by the LA Times, channeled their passion for indigenous art into The Egg and The Eye Gallery and Restaurant. The gallery sold fine craft and traditional art from world cultures; the restaurant served over 50 varieties of omelettes. 
The success of this concept spurred the formation of the nonprofit Craft and Folk Art Museum in 1973. From the beginning, CAFAM was a “living museum” offering artist-led workshops and educational programs. CAFAM held early shows for now-prominent artists, including Frank Romero, Otto Natzler, and Sam Maloof. In 1976, CAFAM initiated Los Angeles’ first multicultural festival, the International Festival of Masks. This two-day celebration of folk art, dance, music, and food drew up to 40,000 people until 1998. When the gallery was converted to a private, nonprofit museum in 1973, the restaurant took on the gallery's former name: The Egg and The Eye. Edith Wyle was CAFAM's Artistic Director from 1973 - 1984, when she retired. At that point she became a member of the Board of Trustees, and took the title of Founder/Director Emeritus. After 24 years, the restaurant closed forever at the end of June 1989, when the museum had to move temporarily during renovations. The museum was in residence in the historic May Company department store from November 1989 through the end of 1992. Moving back to its original building at 5814 Wilshire, CAFAM mounted exhibitions in various off-site venues and hired the architectural firm of Hodgetts + Fung to reconfigure the museum, reopening May 12, 1995. At the end of 1997, CAFAM closed due to financial difficulties; at the time, it was believed to have shut down for good. The permanent collection was sold at auction; the library was given to the L.A. County Museum of Art Research Library; and the institutional archives (staff files, 1965 - 1997) were given to UCLA Library Special Collections. However, Patrick Ela, who was CAFAM's Administrative Director from 1975 - 1984 and then Executive Director until his resignation in 1996, working with Al Nodal, the General Manager of the L.A. Department of Cultural Affairs, developed a partnership between the CAFAM Board and the City of L.A., which allowed the museum to reopen after 14 months in February 1999.
The Founder of the museum, Edith Wyle, passed away October 12, 1999, and the following year the City of L.A. honored her with the placement of a commemorative plaque at the corner of Stanley Avenue and Wilshire Boulevard, proclaiming the intersection as "Edith Wyle Square."
The building was originally designed by Gilbert Stanley Underwood in 1930 as a mixed-use commercial space. It was renovated twice for The Egg and The Eye by Guy Moore, and then extensively renovated by Hodgetts + Fung in 1995. The original facade remains almost completely intact.
Artistic Philosophy and Exhibitions.
CAFAM’s exhibitions examine cultural traditions, artists, and social concepts.

</doc>
<doc id="18846817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846817" title="Omar de Jesús">
Omar de Jesús

Omar Andres de Jesus Borja (born 29 February 1976 in Quito, Ecuador) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays club football for Barcelona Sporting Club of Guayaquil.
Club career.
He started his career with Sociedad Deportiva Aucas, and went on to feature in over 280 caps for the Quito side. In 2002, he switched to rivals Club Deportivo El Nacional, the military team. It was here where he began to impress with his speed and accurate passing skills. He was for a long time considered Ecuador's best right-back, alongside Ulises de la Cruz.
In December 2007, Omar transferred, alongside seven other national players, to Barcelona SC, .
International career.
He began playing for Ecuador national team in 2006 under Colombian coach Luis Fernando Suarez. He also featured in several early 2006 friendlies in preparation for the Copa America 2007. de Jesus has currently made 5 appearances in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign, starting against Peru, Argentina, and Colombia. Uruguay and Venezuela

</doc>
<doc id="18846820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846820" title="Joanna Zacharewicz">
Joanna Zacharewicz

Joanna Zacharewicz (b. in Poland) is a professional ballroom dancer based out of New York City. She is perhaps best known as the 2008 U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Rhythm) with her partner, Jose DeCamps.
She began dancing at the age of 8 in Poland, studying the International Latin and International Standard dances. Her early coaching included Latin champion Alan Tornsberg.
She first began competing in the American Rhythm division with Emmanuel Pierre-Antoine, a fellow instructor at Stepping Out Dance Studio in New York. The two garnered the title of World Professional Mambo Champions in 2005, and placed 2nd in the rhythm division at the 2006 U.S. National Dancesport Championships. They were also featured on PBS' America's Ballroom Challenge and ABC's "Dancing With The Stars"
With Jose, her current partner, she has not only won the U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Rhythm) title in all 2007, 2008,2009 and 2010 but also the 2007 World Professional Mambo Championship, World professional 2010 Salsa championships, 2007,2008 and 2009 World Professional Rhythm Championship and World Professional Rhythm Showdance categories. Most recently (2011) Jose and Joanna have won the Sabado Gigante "Asi se Baila" competition attended by couples from all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18846840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846840" title="Federaţia Română de Radioamatorism">
Federaţia Română de Radioamatorism

The Federaţia Română de Radioamatorism (FRR) (in English, Romanian Federation of Amateur Radio) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Romania. Key membership benefits of the FRR include the sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards, radio contests, and a QSL bureau for members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries. FRR represents the interests of Romanian amateur radio operators before Romanian and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. FRR is the editor of "Radiocomunicaţii şi Radioamatorism" magazine. FRR is the national member society representing Romania in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18846842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846842" title="Bill Gwatney">
Bill Gwatney

Bill Gwatney (August 26, 1959 – August 13, 2008) was an American politician who served as the State Chair of the Democratic Party of Arkansas. Prior to being State Chair, he was a State Senator for 10 years. He had also been the financial chair for Mike Beebe's run for Governor of Arkansas in 2006. He owned three car dealerships in Pulaski County. Gwatney was selected as a superdelegate at the 2008 Democratic National Convention, but was murdered before serving. He was replaced by his widow Rebecca Rankin.
Death.
On August 13, 2008, Gwatney was fatally wounded when a man, identified in news reports as Timothy Dale Johnson, 50, entered Democratic Party headquarters in Little Rock, Arkansas and shot Gwatney three times. Gwatney was taken to a hospital, but died at 3:59 pm CDT.
The gunman had said he wanted to speak with Gwatney about volunteering, but sidestepped his assistant when she said he was busy. After the shooting, the gunman fled the scene in his truck and led police on a chase out of Little Rock. Johnson was fatally shot by police after a PIT maneuver forced him off the road into a field near Sheridan. No motive was discovered, except Johnson quitting his job at a Target retail store earlier that day.
Honors.
The UALR (University of Arkansas at Little Rock) Athletic Department posthumously inducted Gwatney into their Hall of Fame during a ceremony prior to the tip-off of the men's basketball game vs. New Orleans on February 26, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18846844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846844" title="1999–2000 Scottish Challenge Cup">
1999–2000 Scottish Challenge Cup

The 1999–2000 Scottish Challenge Cup was the 9th season of the competition, which was also known as the Bell's Challenge Cup for sponsorship reasons. It was competed for by the 30 member clubs of the Scottish Football League. The defending champions were Falkirk, who defeated Queen of the South 1–0 in the 1997 final.
The final was played on 21 November 1999, between Inverness Caledonian Thistle and Alloa Athletic at Excelsior Stadium in Airdrie. Alloa Athletic won 5–4 on penalties after a 4–4 draw after extra time, to win the tournament for the first time in the club's history.
First round.
Forfar Athletic and Livingston received random byes into the second round.
Notes.
A. The 1998–99 tournament was suspended due to lack of sponsorship

</doc>
<doc id="18846859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846859" title="Mayilpeelikkavu">
Mayilpeelikkavu

Mayilpeelikkavu is a Mollywood film released in 1998 starring Kunchacko Boban and Jomol. This is the third film of Kunchacko Boban. The film is about re-incarnation and revenge.This movie is a remake of English film 'Dead Again'.
Box office.
The film proved to be a moderate hit in box-office running for about 70 days.

</doc>
<doc id="18846884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846884" title="Nkem Ojougboh">
Nkem Ojougboh

Nkem-Nkechukwu Ojougboh (born August 11, 1987) is Nigerian professional basketball player
Collegiately, he played with the Northeastern University Huskies men's basketball team. He played for the NBA Development League team Utah Flash in the 2010/11 NBA D-League season, and for the Tulsa 66ers in 2011/12 from December to January, and then returned in March. Ojougboh was named to the 2007 CAA All-Academic First Team. Ojougboh is the son of Cairo Ojougboh and Grace Ojougboh. He has two brothers Omam Ojougboh, Orieka Irebhose Ojougboh and a sister Rimma Ojougboh.Orieka Irebhose Ojougboh also plays basketball and is in his last year of high school. Out of high school, Ojougboh committed to the University of Texas at San Antonio, after also being recruited by Boise State and Washington State. He transferred to Northeastern after UTSA. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846890" title="Hedrick (surname)">
Hedrick (surname)

Hedrick is an American surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846891" title="Cuba at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Cuba at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 13 July 2007 to 29 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18846895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846895" title="Sean Kazmar">
Sean Kazmar

Sean Frank Kazmar (born August 5, 1984 in Valdosta, Georgia) is a Major League Baseball shortstop. He bats and throws right-handed.
Professional career.
Oakland Athletics.
He was drafted by the Oakland Athletics in the 37th round of the 2003 Major League Baseball Draft, but did not sign.
San Diego Padres.
Then the San Diego Padres drafted him out of the College of Southern Nevada in the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft and he did sign. Kazmar started with the Double-A San Antonio Missions and was batting .264 in 111 games when he was called up to the majors on August 12, 2008. He recorded his first Major League hit on August 13, 2008, on the first pitch of his first ever plate appearance from the Milwaukee Brewers' pitcher CC Sabathia.
New York Mets.
On January 10, 2012 Sean signed with the Mets to a minor league deal.

</doc>
<doc id="18846898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846898" title="Colombia at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Colombia at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 13 July 2007 to 29 July 2007.
Results by event.
Athletics.
Men's Competition.
Men's 200 metres
Men's 5,000 metres
Men's 10,000 metres
Men's 20 km Walk
Men's 50 km Walk
Men's Marathon
Men's High Jump
Men's Shot Put
Men's Discus Throw
Men's Javelin Throw
Women's Competition.
Women's 200 metres
Women's 400 metres
Women's 800 metres
Women's 1,500 metres
Women's 5,000 metres
Women's 4x100 m Relay
Women's 100 m Hurdles
Women's 3,000 m Steeplechase
Women's 20 km Walk
Women's Marathon
Women's High Jump
Women's Javelin Throw
Women's Hammer Throw

</doc>
<doc id="18846909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846909" title="Venezuela at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Venezuela at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, between 13 July 2007 and 29 July 2007.
Results by event.
Triathlon.
Women's Competition.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18846911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846911" title="Ecrans d'Afrique">
Ecrans d'Afrique

Founded by African filmmakers in Burkina Faso in 1992, during a period of intense worldwide interest and commentary on African T.V. and film, the bilingual journal Ecrans d'Afrique: Revue Internationale de Cinema Television et Video (also known as African Screen) explored all aspects of African film production. It, along with its many contemporaries, sought to ameliorate an intellectual climate which suffered from a dearth of commentary on African film. A corollary of the journal's efforts was to improve worldwide exposure and access to African films - it was linked to the Panafrican Film and Television Festival of Ouagadougou (FESPACO), the continent's leading film festival, from its inception. Ecrans d'Afrique has also been lauded for its wide gaze covering the whole of the African diaspora and for its excellent coverage of Caribbean film developments.
External links.
"This article uses text from chimurengalibrary.co.za under the GFDL"

</doc>
<doc id="18846914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846914" title="Dominican Republic at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Dominican Republic at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 13 July 2007 to 29 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18846922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846922" title="Craig Noone">
Craig Noone

Craig Stephen Noone (born 17 November 1987) is an English footballer who plays as a winger for Premier League club Cardiff City. Born in Kirkby, he has also played professional football for Plymouth Argyle, Exeter City and Brighton & Hove Albion.
Early life.
Noone was born in Kirkby. He joined Liverpool when he was nine years old and was released two years later. He then played junior and amateur football before signing with Wrexham when he was 15. Having been released after a year there, Noone played non-league football and went to Myerscough football college for six months. He trained as a roofer while a non-league player and in 2008 worked on an extension at Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard's house.
Playing career.
Non-league football.
He joined Skelmersdale United as a youth team player and made his first team debut during the 2005–06 season. Noone had a trial with Belgian club Royal Antwerp in January 2007 and later that year joined Burscough, which Skelmersdale manager Tommy Lawson described as a "great opportunity" for him. Having been signed by Liam Watson, Noone played regularly in the Conference North in 2007–08. Watson left Burscough for Southport in June 2008 and Noone joined him a few days later. In August, he made his league debut before Southport received a club record offer of £110,000 for him from Plymouth Argyle.
Plymouth Argyle.
Noone signed a two-year contract with Argyle the next day. "I am very excited by this signing," said manager Paul Sturrock. "Craig comes to us with a glowing reputation. It is now up to him to prove that it is merited." He made his debut at the end of the month in a 0–0 draw at Burnley, and scored his first goal for the club in a 1–0 win at Coventry City in November.
After 10 substitute appearances for Plymouth, Noone made his first start for the club in the league match versus Southampton on Boxing Day 2008, where his team won 2–0. On 3 January 2009, Noone made his FA Cup debut coming off the bench during a 3–1 loss to Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium. On 10 September 2009, after Noone had only made two league substitute appearances so far in the 2009/10 season, Exeter City signed him on a 3-month loan deal. He made his debut against Leyton Orient and scored the equaliser in a 1–1 draw. Noone scored in his final appearance for Exeter against Brentford before being recalled on 2 November.
Brighton & Hove Albion.
On 31 December 2010 it was confirmed that Noone had transferred to Brighton & Hove Albion for an undisclosed fee. He became a fan favourite at Brighton with his pace and his unerring ability to beat the defender. He scored twice for Brighton in their League One title season, a great individual goal at home against Colchester United and a volley at home against Hartlepool United.
He was part of Brighton's first match of pre-season in preparation for the 2011–2012 season against Burgess Hill. He played 45 minutes and impressed, having a long range effort well saved and he earned a penalty which he subsequently scored to make it 2–0.
On 21 September 2011, Noone was announced as the stadium sponsor's man of the match in a 1–2 defeat against his former employers and boyhood club, Liverpool, in a third round League Cup match at Falmer Stadium. The Liverpool-born player hit the crossbar from a long-range shot during the game and was praised by his boyhood hero Steven Gerrard.
In January 2012, Noone was subject to a £500,000 bid from Championship rivals Cardiff City, which was rejected by Albion. Noone extended his contract at Brighton in March 2012, keeping him at the club until June 2015.
Cardiff City.
In August 2012, Noone joined Cardiff City for an undisclosed fee, reported to be £1m, and signed a four-year contract. He made his debut in a 3–1 win against Wolverhampton Wanderers at the start of September, and scored his first goal for the club later in the month as Cardiff won 2–0 at Millwall. Two months after joining the club, Noone scored in three consecutive games; a win against Burnley in October, and defeats at Bolton Wanderers and Charlton Athletic in November. He was sent off for two bookable offences against Derby County later that month. Noone's goal against Bolton in April ensured that Cardiff avoided defeat in their final home game of the season, which was followed by the club being presented with the Football League title for winning the Championship. Noone made 32 appearances in his first season with Cardiff and scored seven goals. Noone scored his first Premier League goal in January 2014 against Manchester City and was praised for his performance by Cardiff manager Ole Gunnar Solskjær.
Honours.
Brighton & Hove Albion
Cardiff City

</doc>
<doc id="18846936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846936" title="Sərhədabad">
Sərhədabad

Sərhədabad (also, Sakhradaba and Sarkhadabad) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,595. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846937" title="Məmmədrzalı">
Məmmədrzalı

Məmmədrzalı (also, Mamed-Rzali and Mamedrzaly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,491. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846941" title="Boyxanlı">
Boyxanlı

Boyxanlı (also, Bayxanlı, Bayankhanly, and Boykhanly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,302. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846943" title="Species of StarQuest Online">
Species of StarQuest Online

The species of the MMORPG StarQuest Online, made by Castle Thorn Software LLC.
Species.
Playable Species.
Terrans
-A relative newcomer on the galactic scene, Terrans have nonetheless played a major role in the events of the last century. After interfering in the Klinshayan invasion of Celay in 2175-2176 S.T.Y., Terra fought a brutal war against the Klinshaya for nine years. In 2180 S.T.Y. the Terran homeworld was nearly destroyed, but the Terrans managed to recover and defeat the Klinshaya in 2184 S.T.Y.. As a result of the war, the United Systems Alliance was formed in 2177 S.T.Y., uniting Terra and her allies, Ryl and Celay, into one of the most powerful forces in the galaxy.
Ryl'Atti
-A peaceful race of insectoids, the Ryl'Atti were terrified when in 2105 S.T.Y. a sublight vessel from Terra reached their star system. An accident (or Therataan sabotage) caused the Terran vessel to crash in the neighboring Alpha Centauri system, and the slower than light communications of the time, together with language translation problems provoked fears of war back on both worlds. Wiser heads prevailed, and thanks to the Terran invention of hyperdrive in 2150 S.T.Y., a fast friendship was sealed between the Terrans and the Ryl'Atti. Staunch allies in the war against the Klinshaya, the Ryl'Atti sacrificed their entire star fleet defending Earth in 2180 S.T.Y.. 
Physically the Ryl'Atti have traits in common with Terran mammals and insects. They are cold blooded, and very sensitive to cold temperatures. Ryl'Atti blood is orange. Ryl'Atti do not have ears, their sense of hearing is provided by the pair of antennae branching out above the eyes, which are capable of detecting vibrations in the air at many times the sensitivity of the human ear. The Ryl'Atti have three genders, males, infertile females, and fertile females. For this reason, Ryl'Atti family structures are based on a bonding of three individuals. Historically this would have been a male, a fertile female, and an infertile female, although in modern times other combinations have been accepted. Eggs are produced by the fertile females, when hatched the young are nursed by the infertile female and cared for by all three parents. Fertile females, being somewhat rare in comparison to the other genders, have generally been discouraged from leaving the Ryl'Atti homeworld. This reluctance explains why the planet Centauria, only 14 A.U.s distant from Ryl'At, was never colonized by the Ryl'Atti prior to first contact with Terrans, even though the Ryl'Atti had had space travel for decades prior and had visited the planet many times.
Celay.
A technologically backward species transplanted to the Tau Ceti system a millennia ago, the Celay are the descendants of a slave race belonging to the Rodomok Empire. The Rodomok eventually exterminated all Celay within the Empire approximately 800 years ago, leaving the inhabitants of Tau Ceti IV as the last of their kind. After the Klinshaya overthrew the Rodomok in 1952 S.T.Y., and chanced upon Tau Ceti IV in 2174 S.T.Y., the Klinshaya believed the Celay rightfully belonged to them. The Celay resisted becoming the slaves their ancestors had been, and paid for this resistance with many lives. With the aid of the Terrans and the Ryl'Atti, the Celay eventually prevailed against the Klinshaya, and kept their freedom as members of the United Systems Alliance. 
Celay society is divided into thirteen clans, each clan tends to specialize in a field of occupation such as farming, manufacturing, art, music or technology. There is no prohibition however, in any one individual Celay working in a field outside of his or her clan's area of specialization, the system is merely a tradition. The thirteen clans are politically, although not financially, equal. Usually a Celay's last name indicates the individual's clan, although many Celay are considered "clanless" and bear other names. The "clanless" may face some subtle discrimination among the other Celay, although this is becoming less of an issue in the years since Celay's first contact with Terrans and later joining the United Systems Alliance. 
The government of Celay is divided into thirteen "kingdoms", roughly corresponding to the thirteen clans. The "kingdoms" are not a geographic distinction, as Celay of different clans live and work together fairly homogenously. The eldest of each clan nominate a "king" to speak for the clan as a whole, and once every thirteen years these leaders are responsible for choosing a new sovereign from a different clan on a rotating basis to govern the Celay as a whole. 
The thirteen clans and their areas of specialization: 
Ammimar - weaving
Teishan - mining
Deadra - construction
Taediri - art
Meedemona - fishing
Nurissa - farming
Jennastel - medicine
Naistor - music
Zastelle - philosophy
Sitina - architecture
Piniar - government
Alican - religion
Paican - technology
As seen above, there is no "warrior" clan, or other martial tradition among the Celay, which explains in part how unprepared the Celay were when invaded by the Klinshaya in 2174.
Physically the Celay are very similar to Terran aquatic mammals . They are warm blooded, and reproduce sexually, fertilization and birth usually take place underwater, in a manner similar to Terran Dolphins. Celay blood is red. The Celay have two genders, male and female, but do not form lasting pair bonds, the young are cared for entirely by the mother, and are unable to leave the water before they are approximately a year old. Celay are able to breathe underwater and on land using gills located on their necks, but tend to dry out if not in the water for longer than twelve hours. At first this is merely uncomfortable due to cracking skin, but can become painful and eventually fatal if allowed to go on too long. Celay have retractable fins located on each forearm and lower leg to aid in swimming, and are able to see partially into the infra-red spectrum. When not underwater, a Celay's sense of hearing is not as acute as the average Terran's, and their eyesight is approximately 50% as acute.
Major Non-Playable Species.
Klinshayans
-A race of emotionless cold reptilians, the Klinshaya believe themselves to be the rightful masters of the Galaxy. Conquered in the Terran year 321 S.T.Y. by the Rodomok, the Klinshaya spent centuries fighting and dying as shock troops and cannon fodder. In 1944 S.T.Y., a number of Alshayan writings were discovered in the rubble of a destroyed Therataan colony. The finder of these documents, a Klinshayan male named Tasla Skreixx, would eventually become the center of the Klinshayan rebellion. Twisting the meanings of the Alshayan documents to his own purposes, Skreixx convinced his followers that their people were meant to be master, not slave, and rulers of every star in the heavens. Within a decade, followers of Skreixx had taken control of the majority of the Rodomok star fleet, and had laid waste to the Rodomok homeworld of Rodom. Tasla Skreixx then became the first emperor of the Klinshayan Empire. After consolidating their hold on their empire and technology for the next century, the Klinshaya began expanding towards Earth, always careful not to directly confront the Therataan. Discovering the Celay in 2175 S.T.Y., they began efforts to conquer them and were astonished when the Terran fleet handed them a humiliating defeat. After nine brutal years of conflict, the Klinshaya stood on the edge of annihilation as Terran fleets bore down on their homeworld and were astonished again when the Terrans refused to do so. A humiliating surrender and peace treaty ended the war for the Klinshaya, but awoke in them their first true emotion. 
A desire for revenge.
Rodomok
-Once one of the most powerful races in this part of the galaxy, the Rodomok were a slave race of the Klinshaya Empire until the conclusion of the Swift War. Between the Terran years 317 and 1908, the Rodomok fought three brutal wars against the Therataan Protectorates and lost each time. After the third defeat, the Rodomok handed over the day to day running of their empire to their slave race, the Klinshaya. This proved a mistake when in 1952 the Klinshaya rose up against their masters and seized control of their empire. The Rodomok homeworld remains to this day a radioactive ruin, with the majority of the population barely scratching out a stone age level of existence. 
Physically the Rodomok are VERY similar to Terrans . They are warm blooded, reproduce in the mammalian way, and form pair bonds much as Terrans do. They tend do have a pronounced brow ridge, occipital bun, and a stockier build than the average human, and far more body hair. The Rodomok sense of smell is at least ten times as sensitive as a Terran's, eyesight and hearing are close to the Terran average. 
Very little is known about Rodomok society prior to its destruction by the Klinshaya. It is known that prior to the year 178 S.T.Y., the Rodomok were largely a peaceful people, with very few wars, highly developed art, architecture and sciences. What caused them to create an interstellar empire by conquest is unknown.
Therataa
-One of the older and more advanced races in this part of the galaxy, the Therataan see themselves as the caretakers of the ancient laws of the Alshaya, who they revere as gods. The most important of these laws being the belief that the many species scattered across the galaxy by the Alshaya are to be allowed to develop without interference from more advanced races. To this end, the Therataa clashed with the Rodomok Empire numerous times in the last two millennia, defeating them each time. As a result of these wars, the inhabitants of Terra, Ryl and Celay spent most of their history protected by the Therataa. When the Terrans became capable of faster than light travel in 2150 S.T.Y., this protection was by Alshaya law no longer allowed. As a result, the Therataa refused to become involved when the Klinshaya nearly destroyed Earth in 2180 S.T.Y.. 
Therataan society is divided into four distinct but equal castes, Religious, Scholar, Worker, and Warrior. The Religious caste interprets the teachings of the Alshaya, and proposes laws. The Scholar caste passes or vetoes said laws. Disputes in the law are judged by the Worker caste, and the laws are enforced by the Warrior caste. The Worker caste is by far the largest, consisting of the laborers, farmers, and other civilians of the Protectorates. It is unknown at this time how an individual's caste is chosen, or if it is possible to join a different caste at a later date. 
The vast majority of the Therataa encountered to date have been of the Scholar or Warrior castes. Starship personnel serving in the Therataan fleet are always members of the Scholar caste, as have been the Therataan ambassadors to the Alliance . Actual ground troops are of the Warrior caste. It is known that the elite of the Therataan military are also part of a sub-caste, known as the Kokiera. Kokieran warriors are said to be masters of personal combat and possess psionic abilities, although to date they have not been knowingly encountered by Alliance personnel. The Therataa do not practice gender discrimination officially, but in practice it has been observed that most of the higher ranking individuals in Therataan society tend to be female. 
Physically the Therataa are very similar to Terrans. They are warm blooded, reproduce in the mammalian way, and form pair bonds much as Terrans do. The normal bluish tint of their skins is due the use of cobalt atoms in the Therataan analogue to human blood cells, Therataa blood is blue, but is otherwise indistinguishable from human blood. The Therataa have a sense of hearing at least double that of a Terran's, but their eyesight is somewhat limited in range, and most Therataa are unable to distinguish the color red from black.
Alshayans
-The first known hyperdrive capable race in this part of the galaxy, the Alshaya are also one of the greatest mysteries. It is not even known for certain that Caiph III is this races' homeworld, or is merely one of many colonies. Having either gone extinct or departed for parts unknown millennia ago, the Alshaya were responsible for the seeding of life on dozens of worlds. Now they exist only as ancient ruins and writings, and have been elevated to the status of gods by some races, most notably the Therataa.
Minor Non-Playable Species.
Ara
-A peaceful race, locked for centuries at a turn of the 20th Century technology level. 
The Ara are a unified people who have apparently had a cohesive planetary government for over two centuries. They have had no wars in over 500 years. 
Rule is Technocratic, with highly skilled technicians and academics holding the highest ranks of power. Passing collegiate and graduate school level testing is how one rises in the governmental structure. 
Technologically, they are at Tech Level of -2, meaning that they at a scientific and technical level approximately equal to Terra at the turn of the 20th Century, with some elements, such as powered fixed wing aircraft, still to be developed (though they have extensive use of dirigibles, given massive helium deposits under the surface). 
The Ara have been at this Tech Level for some 400 years. Despite their putting a premium on science and education, innovation has stalled to a crawl. This is primarily due to a racial characteristic of demanding nearly endless tests and re-tests of various hypothesises and engineering concepts before implementation. It seems the Ara took nearly 80 years, just to "work the bugs out" of their gasoline internal combustion engine, before allowing its production to begin. 
Ara put a great deal of emphasis on personal freedom and openness, sometimes to the exclusion of the societal norms. It is the one aspect of their lives that has helped, rather than hurt, their scientific advancement. 
Ara are the descendents of quadrupedal, ruminant mammals with un-even toes (commonly called "cloven hoofed"). In fact, they resemble members of the Bovidae Family, Sub-Family Caprinae (or more simply, "bipedal sheep"). They are covered in a soft downy fur, and though possessing a standard four-fingered hand, their feet are a triple cloven hoof. 
They have short lifespans (comparatively), less than 25 years. However, they mature rapidly, reaching adulthood at 8 years and typically mating in rapid succession, with families averaging 4-5 children each. 
Though physically weak (by Terran standards) they are quite intelligent and showed a great openness to other species, when contacted by the civilian freighter crew who surveyed the system.
Ehoc
-A Stone Age species inhabiting the third planet of the UAC 182488 system. 
The Ehoc are an extremely primitive race, both technologically and societally. 
Essentially still in their "Sentient Age" (approx. 50,000 Pre-STY on Terra), they have yet to develop use of tools, such as a club or spear. Fire is used, but cannot be created (they rely on lightning strikes and brush fires). They have no art and their language is basically rudimentary "grunts" and some hand signs. 
Rule of the tribes, in which they are formed, is almost "corporate". A few powerful individuals, those with the most food or breed-mates, control the rest of the tribe. Securing themselves more material "wealth" (such as it is) is their prime goal, and this typically involves fights to the death or tribal warfare to achieve. 
Except to occasionally trade females for breeding purposes, there is little peaceful contact between separate tribes.
Like the Ara, the Ehoc are apparently descended from cloven hoofed ungulates, in fact they resemble nothing less than an upright Terran bull (even females) with two horns emerging from the sides of their skull, a single hoof on each foot, and a hand consisting of a hard, calinated keratin thumb and two fingers. 
They reproduce sexually, with a single child born at intervals of usually 1–3 years (Nursing puts the females in a state of non-ovulation.) 
Biologically they are capable of longer lifespans, however warfare, starvation, and disease maintain their lifespans at the recorded 34 years.
Jhorlera
-The Jhorlera were discovered residing on the third planet of the UAC105905 system by the crew of the U.A.S. Hector in October 2223, though detailed cultural and biological scanning was made by the U.A.S. Midway in 2224. 
The Jhorlera have now been incorporated as a protectorate of The Foundation.
The Jhorlera are an insectoid race, still under the classic biological rule of insects, that being a monarchy led by a breeding "queen". Although in the last three millennia, the role of the Queen has been reduced from the reproductive phase, with other fertile females taking over responsibility for the egg-laying. 
As such, the new "modern" Jhorlera Queens occupy a leadership role not dissimilar to the monarchs of Earth's 15th or 16th Century. Their rule while almost always absolute, does allow for a "council" of advisors. (Typically, high-ranking fertile males). 
Technologically, they are at a Tech Level -3, meaning that they have developed steam engines, primitive electrical generation, telegraphy, and large-scale metal foundries. However, this level of technology has apparently been stagnant for over 1400 years, and archeological evidence suggests that the interval between Jhorlera advancements means that they may not reach Tech Level -2 (Flight Age) for another 300–500 years. Though intelligent, their society encourages very little innovation. 
Inter-"nest" warfare is rare, but does occur. The last one though was some 95 years ago according to archeological data extracted.
The Jhorlera are bipedal insectoids, in fact more insectoid than the Ryl'Atti, as they still have their chitinous exoskeleton (as well as a bony endoskeleton) and claw-like feet and hands. They apparently are from the same genetic stock as the Nodasar, leading to speculation of an Alshaya "racial transplantation" in the distance past. 
Reproduction is sexual, with fertile males impregnating the "little queens", i.e. fertile females who are not the monarch, and producing a batch of some 15-20 eggs. Of these, 60% will be infertile males (who will take up positions as farmers, laborers, the small contingent of soldiery); 35% will be fertile males (who will take up the positions of the academia, intelligentsia, scientific community, and mercantile leaders); and 5% will be fertile females (who in the ancient past were killed by a resident Queen, but now act as "ladies in waiting" to the Royal Nests, as well as their role in reproduction.) 
The race is long-lived, at some 108 standard years, but reproduction is rare, so their population is kept low.
Nodasar
-Nodasar was discovered by the crew of the U.A.S. Challenger BCSS-34 on August 18, 2223. Based on observations of the race it is believed they are in their early agricultural age. 
The Nodasar are somewhat primitive insectoid species, marked by their unusual streak of individualism and intolerance of interference by others. Unlike most other advanced insectoid races, they reject the more "collectivist" nature and seek the greatest individual freedom. 
They maintain some small groups or "nests", linked together in a peaceful confederation across much of the planet. But even the "queens", their nominal leaders, are very weak politically and accomplish nothing without great attempts at individual persuasion. Even sharing of knowledge seems to be difficult, which has resulted in the Nodasar being stuck at a Tech Level of -8 (approximately Earth in 8000 Pre-STY) for almost 2000 years. DNA sampling has shown that the Nodasar and the Jhorlera are virtually identical. This has led to the assumption that one or the other was transplanted to the opposing group's home-world, likely by the Alshaya in the distant past. 
Like the Jhorlera, the Nodasar are an insectoid race, with a chitinous exoskeleton, as well as a boney endoskeleton. Reproduction, maturity cycles, and other biological elements are all similar.
Penthend
-The Penthend inhabit a Humid Terrestrial planet and are still in their Stone Age. While primitive they are quite prolific in population across their planet. They were discovered by the U.A.S. Midway in 2220. And later visited again by the U.A.S. Challenger in October 2223. 
The Penthend are a primitive species, still living in a Stone Age (Tech Level -9) existence in the vast jungles of the planet 268 Gamma Ceti-IV. 
None of them have progressed much beyond the hand axe and spear in technology, though they have established a peaceful co-existence (like a confederacy) between their various tribes. 
In most Penthend societies, tribal rule is gender egalitarian, with the eldest member typically becoming chieftain; on occasions, they are selected by a council of prominent members. Socially, males act as the soldiers, hunters, and often care-givers to the children. Females act as gathers and shamans. Mates are chosen by the females, with males demonstrating prowess with weaponry as well as dance, at elaborate mating rituals.
Penthend are mammals, described as "quasi-humanoid", meaning that they are bipedal, with digital hands and feet. However, their skulls are elongated, with somewhat porcine facial features, as well as a distended, but muscular abdomens. They are, male and female, quite strong compared to Terrans. 
Reproduction is normal sexual, with a 7 standard month gestation. Female Penthend are unusual in that they can control naturally their ovulation, thus allowing them complete freedom of reproduction.
Ro
-Ro society, as such, barely exists. They are an extremely primitive species, though some 12,000 years into their Sentient Age. No tools, art, or even language is known. Rulership that exists, is strictly based on those with the most food, who gather unto themselves and gain some measure of authority by distributing it to others. 
Otherwise, the Ro simply wander about their territorial range, as gatherers or grazers. Contact with other "tribes" is usually peaceful and allows for some intra-tribal mating which keeps the genetic codes diverse. 
Their distinctive stripes apparently are gradually moving away from the normal open grassland camouflage, and into a primitive form of personal identification. 
Ro are an order of Perissodactylic mammals, in many ways similar to bipedal equines or giraffidae. Their reproduction is standard sexual, with young being born in six months; and families consisting usually of 2-3 surviving children, with the mother. The father makes rare appearances, although later young male Ro join tribal food gathering parties with older males. They have few natural predators and high resistance to disease, thus granting them exceptionally long lifespans for a pre-industrial species.T
Carnochar
Referred to by an admin as an undiscovered 'feline race'.

</doc>
<doc id="18846944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846944" title="Şabanlı">
Şabanlı

Şabanlı (also, Shabanly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,253. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846946" title="Mugom dialect">
Mugom dialect

Mugom (Mugu, Mugum) is a dialect of Tibetan spoken by over 6,000 people in Nepal and about 500 in India. 
It is spoken primarily in the Karneli Zone, in the Muga district and in the Jumla district in Nepal. Some speakers of this language have migrated to Katmandu. It is divided into two dialects, Karani and Mugali, which appear to be about 90% mutually intelligible. However the Mugalis view themselves as being of a higher class than the Karani and disdain their language and materials written in it. Most Mugali are Buddhist while most of the Kanari and Hindus.
There have been attempts to create health-education materials aimed at the Mugom that take into account their culture and levels of literacy specifically.

</doc>
<doc id="18846952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846952" title="Elly Gross">
Elly Gross

Elly Berkovits Gross (b. February 14, 1929) is a Jewish Holocaust survivor and author of several Holocaust related books of poetry and prose. She currently resides in the United States, where she is a frequent invited speaker at museums and schools around the country.
Biography.
Elly was born in Șimleu Silvaniei, Romania to Eugene and Irina Berkovits. In 1942, her father was inducted by the invading Hungarian forces into a forced labor camp, where he perished on the Russian front. Elly and her remaining family, her mother and younger brother Adalbert, were taken to Cehei ghetto 'the day after Pesach' in 1944 along with most other Jews in Sălaj County. Six weeks later, her family, along with thousands of other Jews were transported via cattle cars to Auschwitz concentration camp. She was separated from her mother and brother, and never saw either again. Elly credits her survival of the camp to 'miracles', noting that few others of her age group survived the ordeal.
Elly was transferred to Fallersleben, a part of the Neuengamme concentration camp, where she performed slave labor for Volkswagen until she was liberated at Salzwedel by the Allies on April 14, 1945. Elly returned to her home town, where she soon married family friend Ernest Gross. They have two children and five grandchildren, who also reside in the United States. Elly graduated from LaGuardia Community College with an Associates Degree in Fine Arts in 1993 at the age of 64.
Works.
Several of these works have been translated into Spanish and Romanian.

</doc>
<doc id="18846953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846953" title="Mfumu’eto">
Mfumu’eto

Mfumu'eto is a magazine, that was established in the 1990s by a high priest named Mfumu'eto. This individual ran a one-man publishing empire on the streets of Kinshasa. His arsenal of little comic books, written in Lingala, Tshiluba and French, were made on low-quality paper. These comic books were self-produced using stencils and photocopying machines and distributed informally in the market place. The comic books quickly gained notoriety for their controversial attacks against the political powers of the 1990s in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Along with other low-cost and locally distributed magazines, such as "Fula Ngenge", Mfumu'eto's comics inaugurated the era of the author as the producer in the Democratic Republic of Congo's literary world. Like other comics produced in Kinshasa at the time they were heavily influenced by urban culture. Mfumu'Eto also drew inspiration from local traditions, combining African traditional medicine with religion, pulp fiction with politics,and irony with attitude. This culminated into an eclectic display that directly contested dominant colonial systems of knowledge.
His most famous series includes the politically propulsive "A Nguma Meli Muasi Ya Na Kati Kinshasa", first published in 1990 and which was subsequently banned by the authorities. Mfumu'Eto work was exhibited in Europe and the US in 2011, following the international success of popular painters such as Cheri Samba and the growing interest in African comics.

</doc>
<doc id="18846956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846956" title="Jürgen Bogs">
Jürgen Bogs

Jürgen Bogs (born 19 January 1947 in Biesendahlshof) is a German football manager who managed Berliner FC Dynamo to ten consecutive DDR-Oberliga titles (1979–1988).

</doc>
<doc id="18846962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846962" title="Robert H. Scales">
Robert H. Scales

Robert H. Scales Jr. is a retired U.S. Army major general and former commandant of the U.S. Army War College. He now works as a military analyst, news commentator, and author.
Early years.
His father, Robert Scales Sr., was a career Army officer who graduated Officer Candidate School at Fort Belvoir, Virginia, completed the Engineer Officer Basic Course and worked with amphibious vehicles in Florida, where his parents met, before piloting amphibious landing craft in the Pacific campaign of World War II. Robert Jr. was born in Gainesville, Florida, in 1944, but then “scurried all over the world.”
Career.
After graduating from West Point in 1966, he was commissioned as a field artillery officer and sent to Germany, not Vietnam. After two years in Europe, he was posted to Vietnam, but it was another year before he saw real action. After an artillery commander was killed, Scales was his replacement prior to the Battle of Hamburger Hill. He was awarded the Silver Star for his actions on June 14, 1969, when nearly a hundred North Vietnamese overran his base in a predawn assault. Despite explosions all around him, he rotated among his artillery units, firing at the enemy, helping his men, and radioing instructions to helicopter gunships.
In the early 1970s, Scales earned a master’s and Ph.D. in history from Duke University.
Beginning in 1982, he was a field artillery battalion commander in Korea.
From 1986 to 1988, he served as deputy chief of staff for the U.S. Army V Corps in Frankfurt, Germany.
In 1990 he commanded NCOs at the U.S. Army Field Artillery School at Fort Sill, Oklahoma.
Scales was named director of the Desert Storm Special Study Group in 1991, and authored the book, 
"Certain Victory", the Army’s official account of the first Persian Gulf War.
The book was published in 1994, the first of seven he has written.
In 1995 he became deputy chief of staff for the Army Training and Doctrine Command, developing a blueprint for designing future military forces. 
The high point of his career was his appointment as commandant of the U.S. Army War College in 1997.
Retirement.
Major General Scales retired in November, 2000 after 34 years of Army service. He continued to write and accept speaking engagements after leaving active duty and was named "Fleet Admiral Chester W. Nimitz Lecturer" at the University of California, Berkeley, in 2004. 
and serves as a commentator for both NPR and Fox News. His writing has appeared in Time Magazine.
Personal.
Scales is the father of two daughters who both joined the Army. He purchased his first civilian home in 2002 at age 58.
His father retired from the Army as a colonel.

</doc>
<doc id="18846963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846963" title="Şorbaçı, Jalilabad">
Şorbaçı, Jalilabad

Şorbaçı (also, Shorbachi and Shorbachy) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 605. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846978" title="Şorbaçı">
Şorbaçı

Şorbaçı may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18846984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846984" title="Ecuador at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Ecuador at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 13 July 2007 to 29 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18846985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846985" title="Mugali">
Mugali

The Mugali are a remote Tibetan Buddhist tribe in Nepal who speak the main dialect of the Mugom language. There have been attempts to create public health materials for them that take into account their unique culture.

</doc>
<doc id="18846986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846986" title="Təklə, Jalilabad">
Təklə, Jalilabad

Təklə (also, Teklya) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 781. 

</doc>
<doc id="18846995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18846995" title="Puerto Rico at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Puerto Rico at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 13 July to 29 July 2007.
Results by event.
Basketball.
Men's Team Competition.
<br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18847003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847003" title="Təklə">
Təklə

Təklə or Teklya or Tegle or Taklya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18847005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847005" title="Jamaica at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Jamaica at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 13 July to 29 July 2007. Jamaica came in 13th place in the final medals table, a drop in placing from the tenth spot in Santo Domingo (2003).
Results by event.
Basketball.
Women's Team Competition.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18847007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847007" title="Mouni Abderrahim">
Mouni Abderrahim

Mouni Abderrahim (born November 19, 1985, in Béjaïa) is an Algerian volleyball player. She has been part of Algeria's Olympic volleyball team twice, in 2008 and 2012.
Club information.
Current club : MB Bejaia
Debut club : ASW Bejaia

</doc>
<doc id="18847008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847008" title="Ocaqlı">
Ocaqlı

Ocaqlı (also, Odzhagly and Odzhakhly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 4,027. 

</doc>
<doc id="18847012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847012" title="Guatemala at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Guatemala at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 13 July 2007 to 29 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18847013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847013" title="Şiləvəngə, Jalilabad">
Şiləvəngə, Jalilabad

Şiləvəngə (also, Shilavegyakh, Shilavengya, and Shilyavyangya) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,068.

</doc>
<doc id="18847016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847016" title="Bahamas at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Bahamas at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from July 13 to July 29, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18847023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847023" title="El Salvador at the 2007 Pan American Games">
El Salvador at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 13 July 2007 to 29 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18847025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847025" title="Şiləvəngə">
Şiləvəngə

Şiləvəngə or Shilavegyakh or Shilavengya or Shilyavyangya or Şiläväng may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18847028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847028" title="Alguien Te Mira">
Alguien Te Mira

Alguien te mira is a telenovela from Televisión Nacional de Chile. Directed by María Eugenia Rencoret, produced by Daniela Demichelli and written by Pablo Illanes and Nona Fernández. The telenovela marked a change in themes from earlier night time productions from the state channel, being that this time the main themes were not troubled couple relationships and sex, but this time the main theme was associated with a serial killer, who kills women by taking their hearts. The debut date was April 30, 2007, and the last episode took place on August 16 of the same year.
History.
Santiago, 1992
Rodrigo Quintana, Piedad Estévez, Julián García and Benjamín Morandé are inseparable friends. Idealistic in their planning of future projects, they study medicine and dream of working together to help the needy.
Rodrigo (Francisco Melo) is the most charming and intelligent, and is the natural leader of the group. His personality wins over Piedad (Sigrid Alegría) with whom he shares an intense but tumultuous love, while Julián (Álvaro Rudolphy) loves Piedad in silence. Rodrigo's drug and alcohol addiction result in the deterioration of his relationship with Piedad. He reaches a point where he disappears from his friends' lives, after a confusing incident that results in a dead body and in Piedad being hospitalized.
Rodrigo Quintana leaves his friends and his studies to admit himself into a rehabilitation center outside of Chile. Piedad is never the same again.
Santiago, 2007
Now, 15 years later, when Benjamín, Julián, and Piedad have forgotten about the past, Rodrigo returns to their lives. Partners in an ophthalmology practice, the three doctors find that Rodrigo Quintana's return from Europe continues to bother them. The friends have changed. Quintana opts for an austere lifestyle in a rural clinic, while his friends accumulate a small fortune operating on the eyes of high-society people.
Rodrigo's return breaks Piedad's daily routine, who discovers that in spite of everything, Rodrigo is still the love of her life.
Meanwhile Julián—divorced for a year from Matilde (Alejandra Fosalba)—becomes preoccupied with Piedad. It bothers Julián that history could repeat itself, and that Rodrigo could finally succeed in taking away the woman Julián's always loved but has never been able to have.
But love is not the only thing that changes the lives of this group of friends. While they are all at a benefit event, they are witnesses to a crime. The victim, María Gracia Carpenter (Amparo Noguera), a well-known socialite, is the third murder that torments the city.
Before her, the mysterious disappearance of Angela Argento (María José León), a sophisticated executive, was very closely followed by the media and the police. They concluded that they were in the presence of a psychopath serial killer, whose victims were beautiful, independent, high-society women. All were killed using the same M.O., a deep and accurate cut to remove their hearts.
The lead police detective Eva Zanetti (Paola Volpato) is in charge of the investigation. Everyone is a suspect. Slowly the circle of suspects is tightened, and the suspects are reined in. Only one is the killer, and with the passing of time the hour of the discovery of the killer's true identity draws closer.
Killer.
In the 44th episode, (transmitted on June 28, 2007) after two months, we find out who the killer is.
"Victims".
Note:
Julián García does not just kill any women, only the ones that seem to leave their sons/daughters aside and ignore them. Look at the episode where Tatiana dies: Julián: ¿and the kids? and Tatiana:The kids don't exist, don't worry about them
Final.
Julián García, after putting Piedad to sleep, takes her and little Sofía to a nearby factory, with the intentions of revealing his identity to her, and trying to gain her confidence to try to escape. While Rodrigo escapes from police after they were looking for him for the death of Tatiana, he follows Julián to the factory, where he speaks to the cops, who already found out that the fingerprints belong to Julián. Rodrigo enters the factory and confronts Julián, who wounds him with a knife, and sprays gasoline on him in order to burn him alive. Rodrigo fights off the attack and Piedad escapes. Finally, Julián lights up Rodrigo and when Julián tries to escape, Rodrigo pushes him inside the factory, breaking some gas pipes. The factory then explodes. Although on fire, Julián García escapes from the factory, and is killed by Benjamín who takes a gun from a detective and shoots while the killer is burning alive.
The ending is open to interpretation: Rodrigo ends up with part of his face burned, and it is unknown whether he will gain back Piedad's love. Also unknown is what happens to Matilde as a result of her operation. It is also assumed that Benjamín will go to jail for killing Julián, but this is not shown.
Pablo Illanes has explicitly said that there will not be a sequel to the telenovela, because it will not be appropriate with his spirit.

</doc>
<doc id="18847030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847030" title="Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada">
Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada

The Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada (IIROC; "Organisme Canadien de réglementation du commerce des valeurs mobilières" or "OCRCVM" in French) is a non-profit, national self-regulatory organization (SRO). Established through the merger of the Investment Dealers Association of Canada (IDA) and Market Regulation Services Inc. (RS) on June 1, 2008, the IIROC regulates securities dealers which operate in Canada's equity and debt markets, and is overseen by the Canadian Securities Administrators. 
The organization sets regulatory and investment industry standards and has quasi-judicial powers in that it holds compliance hearings and has the power to suspend, fine and expel members and registered representatives, such as advisers. However, it has often been criticized by investor advocates as ineffective.
The organization has been involved in litigation over its power to discipline former members for their conduct while they were members. An Ontario Divisional Court decision in the matter of Stephen Taub ruled the Ontario Securities Act does not allow this. The British Columbia Court of Appeal reached a different conclusion in the matter of Charles Dass and upheld a decision of the British Columbia Securities Commission that IIROC does have jurisdiction over former members. Later the Ontario Court of Appeal reversed the Divisional Court decision and reached the same conclusion as the British Columbia Court. In Saskatchewan and Alberta, provincial securities regulations state explicitly that self-regulatory organizations have the power to pursue enforcement activities with regards to former members.
History.
IIROC was formed on June 1, 2008 through the merger of the Investment Dealers Association of Canada (IDA) and Market Regulation Services Inc. (RS).
The Bond Dealers Section of the Toronto Board of Trade was formed in 1916 as a trade organization to coordinate financing of Canada's war effort. It was renamed the Investment Dealers Association of Canada in 1934. Throughout most of its history, the IDA serve both as a regulator and as an advocacy organization for the securities dealers. In 2006, IDA narrowed its focus to regulation and transferred its industry association role to a new separate and independent industry association, the Investment Industry Association of Canada. 
Market Regulation Services Inc. was formed in 2008 in response to the implementation of National Instruments 21-101 "Marketplace Operation" and 23-101 "Trading Rules", which require an independent regulation services provider to regulate trading in all Canadian marketplaces, including the TSX.
Management.
Susan Wolburgh Jenah is the President and Chief Executive Officer of IIROC, a position she has held since the regulator was established in June 2008. She assumed the same position with IIROC's predecessor IDA in 2007, succeeding Joe Oliver, current federal Minister of Natural Resources.
Regulatory failures.
Loss of unencrypted private investor data.
The CSA (Canadian Securities Administrators) are investigating IIROC for the loss of personal financial data of thousands of brokerage clients after IIROC announced that it lost a mobile device containing the information. The device had not been encrypted, which is in violation of IIROC policy. The case will also review IIROC's current policies, controls and procedures around information security. 
More than 50,000 Canadian brokerage clients, from 32 investment firms, had personal financial information on the device. At least one source has called the incident a cover up.
Charges Against David Berry.
IIROC charged David Berry with securities law violations that were used by Scotiabank as grounds for his dismissal. David Berry claims his dismissal and the reputation damage stemming from the IIROC charges have cost him $105M dollars. 
In a ruling on January 15, 2013, more than seven years after the initial accusation, a hearing panel of the IIROC dismissed all charges against Berry.
Charges Against Evergreen Securities CCO.
An Oct. 2012 IIROC Hearing Panel dismissed all allegations made by IIROC against Evergreen Capital Partners Inc. executives Loretta Carbonelli and Gerald T.Conway. 
Charges Against Peter Deeb.
A hearing panel for IIROC has dismissed all allegations of wrongdoing against client interests by Peter Deeb, Chairman of Hampton Securities, after a three-year investigation. IIROC could offer no proof of any wrongdoing by Deeb, and were often unclear about their allegations.
The accusations of free-riding were discarded after a basic inquiry revealed that Deeb had millions of dollars in his personal accounts and therefore could not have been purchasing securities without sufficient cash backing.
It also found that any co-mingling that did occur was not improper and actually resulted in a better outcome for the clients.
However, the same hearing panel did maintain that two substantially lesser infractions had occurred. Specifically, that Peter Deeb failed to keep and maintain at all times a proper set of books and records, contrary to IIROC Dealer Member Rule 17.2, Dealer Member Rule 200 and National Instrument 31-301. Additionally that he refused to provide access to certain books and records maintained by Hampton Securities Limited despite a request by IIROC FinOps staff and thereby violated IIROC Dealer Member Rule 19.6. A relatively small penalty of $20,000 was enforced on Mr. Deeb.

</doc>
<doc id="18847031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847031" title="Panama at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Panama at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 13 July 2007 to 29 July 2007. Panama competed with a total number of 70 (48 men and 22 women) athletes in 12 sports.

</doc>
<doc id="18847036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847036" title="Peru at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Peru at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 13 July to 29 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18847039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847039" title="Moranlı, Jalilabad">
Moranlı, Jalilabad

Moranlı (also, Moranly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 911. 

</doc>
<doc id="18847041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847041" title="Sierra (group)">
Sierra (group)

Sierra was an American Contemporary Christian pop music trio formed by Wendi Foy Green (wife of well-known producer and sound engineer, Brian Green), Jennifer Hendrix, and Deborah Schnelle (wife of studio songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, Rex Paul Schnelle). Founded in 1992, the vocal-based trio released their first full-length, self-titled album in 1994 on the CCM label, Star Song.
In 1998, Deborah Schnelle left the group and was soon replaced by Marianne Tutalo (wife of Coury Adams). After the release of five albums which produced a string of CCM radio hits including seven to reach #1, the group disbanded in 2002.
In 2004, Jennifer Hendrix and Marianne Tutalo formed the CCM worship band, Abide.

</doc>
<doc id="18847042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847042" title="Trinidad and Tobago at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Trinidad and Tobago at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 13 July 2007 to 29 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18847044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847044" title="Əliqasımlı">
Əliqasımlı

Əliqasımlı (also, Alikasumly and Alikasymly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,533.

</doc>
<doc id="18847048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847048" title="Safia Boukhima">
Safia Boukhima

Safia Boukhima (; born January 10, 1991 in Béjaïa) is an Algerian volleyball player. She plays as a wing spiker. She has been part of Algeria's Olympic volleyball team twice, in 2008 and 2012.
Club information.
Current club : GSP(ex MCA) (Algeria)
Debut club : ASW Bejaia (Algeria)
References.
height:1.75m

</doc>
<doc id="18847050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847050" title="Uruguay at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Uruguay at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan-American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, between 13 July 2007 and 29 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18847053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847053" title="Moranlı">
Moranlı

Moranlı or Moranly or Muranly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18847055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847055" title="Adnalı, Jalilabad">
Adnalı, Jalilabad

Adnalı (also, ' and ') is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,930. 

</doc>
<doc id="18847056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847056" title="Cayman Islands at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Cayman Islands at the 2007 Pan American Games

The Cayman Islands competed in the 15th Pan American Games which were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, between 13 July 2007 and 29 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18847058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847058" title="Keith Rand">
Keith Rand

Keith Rand RSA (25 October 1956 - April 2013) was a contemporary English wood sculptor and a Royal Scottish academician.
Born in Rinteln, West Germany the son of a lieutenant colonel of the British Army and the second of four children, Rand had a military childhood, before entering Woodroffe School as a boarder at the age of 13. On leaving he trained as a cartographic surveyor for the Ordnance Survey, Southhampton, before enrolling in 1979 at the Winchester School of Art and graduating in 1982 with first class honours. Around this time "Sculpture In The Woods", Keith's first solo show was held at the Crabwood Nature Reserve, Winchester.
After leaving Winchester Keith worked as a part-time sculpture technician for the Scottish Sculpture Workshop in Lumsden as well as teaching at the Gray's School of Art in Aberdeen from 1987 to 1991 His contribution to contemporary sculptural practice in Scotland and internationally was recognised through the many awards he received. In 1996 he was made an associate of the Royal Scottish Academy[http://www.royalscottishacademy.org/pages/menu_page.asp].
From 1996 to 1998 he was artist in residence at Cannington Agricultural College in Somerset, creating a series of landscape structures for the River Parrett Trail. Following a visit to Japan in 1998, where he developed his original form motif, he established a studio at Clarendon Park in Salisbury. 
In 1999 one of his largest public works, (standing more than four metres high), was bought for Canary Wharf. He went on to create a series of tensile carvings that were exhibited in his first solo exhibition in London, with the Stephen Lacey Gallery. It was at this time that he was invited to develop a concept carving "Ridgeline" for "Sculpture at Goodwood", which was exhibited at the Guggenheim in Venice in 2002.
In 2005 he was made a Royal Scottish academician, and moved to Cranbourne Chase in Dorset. His most recent sculpture commissions include: "By The Downs" for ArtCare, Salisbury District Hospital; "In The Balance" for the Brecklands in Norfolk; "Heartwood" for Bournemouth University and "The Grain" for Sainsbury's in Edinburgh [http://www.art-in-partnership.org.uk/wip/index.html?topic_id=196.

</doc>
<doc id="18847060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847060" title="Adnalı">
Adnalı

Adnalı may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18847062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847062" title="Nicaragua at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Nicaragua at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 13 July to 29 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18847065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847065" title="Bədirli">
Bədirli

Bədirli (also, Bedirli and Byaderli) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 741. 

</doc>
<doc id="18847072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847072" title="Sarxanlı">
Sarxanlı

Sarxanlı (also, Sarkhanly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,075. 

</doc>
<doc id="18847074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847074" title="Barbados at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Barbados at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan-American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, between 13 July 2007 and 29 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18847075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847075" title="Qarakazımlı">
Qarakazımlı

Qarakazımlı (also, Karakyazimli, Karakyazimly, and Karakyazymly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 801. 

</doc>
<doc id="18847077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847077" title="Alar, Jalilabad">
Alar, Jalilabad

Alar (also, Allar and Allary) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 6,702. 

</doc>
<doc id="18847081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847081" title="Grenada at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Grenada at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 13 July 2007 to 29 July 2007. Sprinter Sherry Fletcher won the nation's first ever medal at the Pan American Games, claiming bronze in the women's 200 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="18847094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847094" title="Guyana at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Guyana at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 13 July 2007 to 29 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18847097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847097" title="Lamanda Park (Pacific Electric)">
Lamanda Park (Pacific Electric)

Lamanda Park was a local line of the Pacific Electric Railway serving Pasadena until 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="18847098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847098" title="Gülməmmədli, Jalilabad">
Gülməmmədli, Jalilabad

Gülməmmədli (also, Gul’mamedly, Gyul’mamedli, and Gyul’mamedly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,442. 

</doc>
<doc id="18847102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847102" title="Haiti at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Haiti at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 13 July 2007 to 29 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18847104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847104" title="KAUS-FM">
KAUS-FM

KAUS-FM (99.9 FM, "US 99.9") is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Austin, Minnesota, USA, the station serves the Austin-Albert Lea area. The station is currently owned by Three Eagles Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="18847106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847106" title="Honduras at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Honduras at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 13 July 2007 to 29 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18847109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847109" title="Gülməmmədli">
Gülməmmədli

Gülməmmədli or Gyul’mamedli or Gul’mamedly or Gyulmamedly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18847112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847112" title="Charmian Mellars">
Charmian Mellars

Charmian Mellars (née Purcell, born January 7, 1982 in Papakura, Auckland) is a New Zealand female professional basketball player. She was a member of New Zealand women's national basketball team at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. She scored six points and grabbed two rebounds in the game they played against China, which they were defeated 80-63.
She played as a shooting guard for the Christchurch Sirens in the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL). In 2001 Mellars was named "New Zealand's Most Valuable Player" in the under 23-year-old category.
Mellars is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. She is the older sister of fellow New Zealand female professional basketball player and Latter-day Saint Natalie Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="18847113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847113" title="Paraguay at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Paraguay at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 13 July to 29 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18847114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847114" title="Təzəkənd (39° 20' N 48° 28' E), Jalilabad">
Təzəkənd (39° 20' N 48° 28' E), Jalilabad

Təzəkənd (also, Tazakend) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18847116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847116" title="Üçtəpə, Jalilabad">
Üçtəpə, Jalilabad

Üçtəpə (also, Uch-Tapa and Uchtepe) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 5,748. 

</doc>
<doc id="18847117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847117" title="Saint Lucia at the 2007 Pan American Games">
Saint Lucia at the 2007 Pan American Games

The 15th Pan American Games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, between 13 July 2007 and 29 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18847121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847121" title="Dələli">
Dələli

Dələli (also, Delali) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 374. 

</doc>
<doc id="18847123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847123" title="Alaxançallı">
Alaxançallı

Alaxançallı (also, Alakhanchally and Karakullar-Alakhanchally) is a village and municipality in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 586. 

</doc>
<doc id="18847125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847125" title="Şahkərəm">
Şahkərəm

Şahkərəm (also, Shakhkerem) is a village in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qaraqullar.

</doc>
<doc id="18847131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847131" title="Region Integrated Development of Large Teresina">
Region Integrated Development of Large Teresina

The Region Integrated Development of Large Teresina was established by the Federal Decree No 4367, September 9, 2002. It covers the municipalities of Senior piauienses Altos, Beneditinos, Coivaras, Curralinhos, Demerval Lobão, José de Freitas, Lagoa Alegre, Lagoa do Piauí, Miguel Leão, Monsenhor Gil, Teresina and União, plus the municipality of Maranhão Timon, which is on the left Parnaíba the river, opposite the capital piauiense. These municipalities occupy an area of 10,527 km ², in which 1,092 thousand people live, according to the Census 2007, the IBGE, representing 37% of the population of the state of Piauí. 
The performance of RIDE covers the main areas of development of cities, including infrastructure, employment generation and vocational training, sanitation (water supply, sewage collection and treatment and cleaning of public service), use and occupation of land. With the installation of RIDE, all actions carried out in the municipalities are to be coordinated by the Council of Development Network, formed by mayors of the region, chosen by the Codevasf, representatives of state governments, which are responsible for choosing them and by members of Ministry of Integration and Development Company of the Valleys of San Francisco and Parnaíba.

</doc>
<doc id="18847132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847132" title="Salvatore Sanzo">
Salvatore Sanzo

Salvatore Sanzo (born 26 November 1975) is an Italian fencer and Olympian. He won a team gold and individual silver medal in Athens and an individual bronze medal in Beijing in foil.

</doc>
<doc id="18847139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847139" title="Dino Toso">
Dino Toso

Dino Vittorio Marcellinus Toso (11 February 1969, Delft – 13 August 2008, Oxford) was an Italian-Dutch engineer who worked as the Renault Formula One team's Director of Aerodynamics from until June .
Career.
Toso studied automotive design and electronics at Apeldoorn Technical College, followed by a degree in automotive engineering. He then obtained his masters in aerodynamics and flight at Cranfield University in the UK. He worked in the Dutch national aerospace laboratories until 1995, when he was recruited by BMW for its GT racing programme. In he moved to the Jordan F1 team, where he worked as a race engineer. His time at the team included its first win at the 1998 Belgian Grand Prix, where he engineered driver Damon Hill's victorious car.
For he followed former Jordan colleague Mike Gascoyne to Benetton, which had been sold to Renault the previous year and was rebranded as such in . At the end of he replaced the departing John Iley as Chief Aerodynamicist, and held this position until June 2008, when he left due to ill health. His stint with Renault included the team's back-to-back Drivers' and Constructors' championships in and .
Health.
Toso was diagnosed with cancer in 2004. He continued to work whilst receiving treatment, but the illness was terminal. Two months after retiring, he died at home at the age of 39.

</doc>
<doc id="18847141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847141" title="Sir Howard Elphinstone, 3rd Baronet">
Sir Howard Elphinstone, 3rd Baronet

Sir Howard Warburton Elphinstone, 3rd Baronet (26 July 1830 or 1831, Westminster – 3 January 1917, Wimbledon Park) was an English baronet and legal academic.
He was the eldest son of Sir Howard Elphinstone, 2nd Baronet, and educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he took a scholarship. In his thirties, he was called to the Bar at Lincoln's Inn, later becoming a lecturer for the Law Society and then the Professor of Real Property Law to the Inns of Court.
On 4 August 1860 he married Constance Mary Alexander Hankey, third daughter of John Alexander Hankey. They had six sons and five daughters. He was succeeded in the baronetcy by his grandson, Howard Graham Elphinstone, the son of Graham Warburton Elphinstone, the 3rd baronet's second son.

</doc>
<doc id="18847157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847157" title="Qaşqaçay, Dashkasan">
Qaşqaçay, Dashkasan

Qaşqaçay (also, Kashkachay) is a village in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18847164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847164" title="Léo Joannon">
Léo Joannon

Léo Joannon (21 August 1904 – 28 March 1969) was a French writer and film director. Born in Aix-en-Provence, Joannon was originally a law student who became a novelist and journalist before entering the film industry in the 1920s as a cameraman. 
Joannon first attracted international attention in early 1939 during the production of "S.O.S. Mediterranean," when his attempts to include shots of a German naval ship docked in the port of Tangier created a diplomatic incident between the pre-World War II French and German governments. The film later won the Grand Prix du Cinema Français.
Joannon is best known to international audiences as the director of the comedy film "Atoll K" (1951), which was the final motion picture starring Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. Among his other films were "Le Defroque" (1954) and "Fort du Fou"/"Outpost in Indochina" (1962).
Joannon died in Neuilly-sur-Seine.

</doc>
<doc id="18847166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847166" title="Qaşqaçay">
Qaşqaçay

Qaşqaçay or Kashkachay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18847171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847171" title="Qaratağlar">
Qaratağlar

Qaratağlar (also, Karataglar) is a village in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qaraqullar.

</doc>
<doc id="18847176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18847176" title="Qazaxyolçular">
Qazaxyolçular

Qazaxyolçular (also, Kazakhëlchular) is a village and municipality in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 346. 

</doc>
