<doc id="19083734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083734" title="Curt Goetz">
Curt Goetz

Curt Goetz (17 November 1888 – 12 September 1960), born Kurt Walter Götz, was a Swiss German writer, actor and film director. Curt Goetz was regarded as one of the most brilliant comedy writers of his time in the German-speaking world. Together with his wife Valérie von Martens he acted in his own plays and also filmed them. He was a distant relative of the Irish writer George Bernard Shaw, with whom he was often compared.
Life and work.
Kurt Walter Götz was born in Mainz, Germany as the son of the Swiss wine examiner Bernhard Götz, and his German wife of Italian and French descent, Selma (born Rocco). His father died in 1890. His mother then went with the two-year-old Curt to Halle, Saxony-Anhalt, where she managed a private clinic.
In 1906 he completed the City High School in Halle, where he had played Franz Moor in "The Robbers" by Schiller.
His mother remarried, and his stepfather encouraged and financed his first steps in the theatre. He studied acting under the Berlin actor Emanuel Reicher, and in 1907 he made his stage debut at the Stadttheater in Rostock. In Rostock, he also wrote his first sketches for the stage. He then played at theatres in Nuremberg and then went to Berlin. In 1912 he played the lead in the silent movie "Black Blood", directed by Harry Piel.
In 1914 he married Erna Nitter, whom he divorced in 1917. Curt continued acting in silent movies, mainly thrillers, for example, "Ich möchte kein Mann sein" ("I Don't Want To Be A Mann"), directed by Ernst Lubitsch in 1918. One of his colleagues from that time was the actor Max Landa.
In 1923 he married Valérie von Martens, whom he had got to know while acting in Vienna, in Berlin. He started going on tour with Valérie, acting with her in his own productions.
In 1939 he went to Hollywood to study film-making, and decided to remain there, along with Valérie, when war broke out. He worked with the director Reinhold Schunzel, among others, and several of his comedies were turned into films. Curt obtained a contract with MGM
and worked on a number of film scripts. After the success of the Greta Garbo movie "Two-Faced Woman" he was offered a 5-year contract. However, he refused this, saying he had had enough experience with the American film-industry. He and Valérie bought a chicken-farm in Van Nuys, California and proceeded (successfully) to breed chickens.
In California Curt drafted his tale "Tatjana" and a new version of his "Hokuspokus". He also re-worked an older play into "The House in Montevideo", which he successfully produced in the Playhouse Theatre on Broadway in 1945.
They returned to Europe in 1945, living in Switzerland by Lake Thun (Curt had Swiss nationality from birth), where Curt wrote some successful novels. The couple later moved to Liechtenstein. He died in Grabs, St. Gallen, in 1960.
Works.
The following lists a selection of his works that were published in German.

</doc>
<doc id="19083743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083743" title="Cyclone Bondo">
Cyclone Bondo

Intense Tropical Cyclone Bondo was a very strong tropical cyclone that was the first of a series of five cyclones to impact Madagascar during the 2006–07 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season. Originating from an area of low pressure, associated with developing convection, on December 14, the precursor to Bondo initially tracked south-westward into a region of low wind shear and warm sea surface temperatures. Once in this region, the system began to quickly intensify, becoming a tropical storm on December 18. Throughout the day, the storm underwent an extreme period of rapid deepening known as explosive intensification. By the afternoon of December 19, Bondo attained its peak intensity with winds of 205 km/h (125 mph 10-minute sustained) and a barometric pressure of 930 hPa (mbar) according to Météo-France. At the same time, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center assessed the storm to have attained an intensity equivalent to a high-end Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale with winds of 250 km/h (155 mph 1-minute sustained).
After attaining this intensity, the storm underwent an eyewall replacement cycle and weakened. Once this cycle completed, Bondo briefly re-intensified before stalling north of Madagascar. As a result of the system's stalling, sea surface temperatures underneath the storm cooled due to upwelling. The cyclone gradually moved south-southwest and once more intensified to an intense tropical cyclone. However, due to the proximity to land, weakening occurred before Bondo made landfall in western Madagascar as a low-end tropical cyclone with winds of 120 km/h (75 mph 10-minute sustained) on December 25. The storm quickly after moving inland. The following day, Bondo weakened to a tropical depression shortly before moving into the Mozambique Channel. The remnants of Bondo eventually dissipated on December 28 over open waters.
Although a powerful cyclone, Bondo caused moderate damage in northern and western Madagascar. Few reports of destroyed homes were released; however, 11 fatalities are attributed to the storm as well as another missing person. The damage wrought by the storm was compounded and worsened over the following months after four other cyclones struck the country, killing hundreds more and leaving several hundred million dollars in losses.
Meteorological history.
An area of convection was first spotted on December 15 west-southwest of Diego Garcia. Moving west, it gained some organisation, causing the JTWC to issue a TCFA on it. It was designated a tropical disturbance on December 17 by Météo-France. The JTWC upgraded it to a tropical cyclone on December 18, and later that day Météo-France upgraded the storm to a moderate tropical storm. The Subregional Tropical Cyclone Advisory Centre in Mauritius named the storm "Bondo", a name contributed to the list by Malawi. Following a quick bout of intensification, on December 19 MF reported that Bondo had strengthened into a severe tropical storm. At the next advisory, MF reported that Bondo had undergone rapid intensification, breaking Dvorak rules, and upgraded it to tropical cyclone intensity. The JTWC noted that the tropical cyclone had "intensified at a greater than climatological rate" due to good radial outflow as it upgraded the storm from an equivalent of a strong tropical storm at 0300 UTC December 19 to a Category 3-equivalent at 1500 UTC.
Further strengthening that day saw Bondo upgraded to an intense tropical cyclone, peaking at 205 km/h (125 mph 10-minute sustained) and 930 hPa. After going through an eyewall replacement cycle, the storm began to weaken. Continuing to track south-southwestward as it weakened, it crossed an area of lower vertical wind shear and began to restrengthen near the northern tip of Madagascar on December 23. Moving south-southwest parallel to the coast of Madagascar, it reached a secondary peak of from Météo-France before starting to weaken as it was about to make landfall. It made landfall around 1215 UTC, and the JTWC declared the storm dissipating over land at 1800 UTC, while Météo-France designated the storm as an inland depression. On December 26 M-F reported that the original low associated with Bondo had dissipated and a new low had formed associated with the system over sea. The RSMC La Reunion stopped issuing advisories later that day.
Impact and aftermath.
In response to the danger from Bondo, the Farquhar Atoll, which is part of the Seychelles, evacuated 35 of its 43 residents. The remaining eight stayed on the island in a concrete bunker. The island of Agaléga received at least 11 inches of rain from Bondo. Eleven people were killed as a result of Bondo and another was reported as missing. A total of 20,001 people were left homeless. One of the fatalities took place in Mahajanga after a wall collapsed on a man. Another fatality occurred offshore after a man went missing while taking his family canoeing. Roughly 300 people were affected in the city of Mahajanga alone. Phone service and essential equipment were unavailable or out of service in the affected region, hampering rescue efforts. The outer bands of Bondo also brought gusty winds, recorded up to and moderate rainfall.
In conjunction with the International Red Cross, rescue teams in Madagascar were deployed to the hardest hit regions on December 27. These teams traveled by road to the region while a third team was set to arrive by helicopter several days later. By late-February, 2007, the Government of Norway provided $800,000 in relief funds for the combined effects of Cyclones Bondo, Favio and Clovis. On March 15, 2007, the United Nations announced a funding program after three other storms had struck Madagascar. The goal was to provide roughly $9 million to about 300,000 of the millions of affected population. However, upon the announcement, only $3 million of this fund had been allocated. Following the widespread damage from Cyclone Indlala in March, 2007, the Government of Madagascar launched an appeal to the United Nations for $246 million in relief funds for damage wrought by all five cyclones.

</doc>
<doc id="19083747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083747" title="Harry Kalven">
Harry Kalven

Harry Kalven, Jr. (September 11, 1914 – October 29, 1974) was an American jurist, regarded as one of the preeminent legal scholars of the 20th century. He was the Harry A. Bigelow Professor of Law at the University of Chicago Law School. Kalven coauthored, with Charles O. Gregory (and later Richard Epstein), the most widely used textbook in the field of torts, "Cases and Materials on Torts." Kalven was also a leading scholar in the field of constitutional law, particularly in the area of the first amendment. Kalven is the author of a number of seminal books and articles. Kalven is the coauthor of "The Contemporary Function of the Class Suit," one of the most heavily cited articles in the history of American law, and widely considered to be the foundation of the modern class action lawsuit.
He coined the term Heckler's veto.

</doc>
<doc id="19083749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083749" title="Level of detail (writing)">
Level of detail (writing)

Level of detail in writing, sometimes known as level of abstraction, refers to three concepts: the precision in using the right words to form phrases, clauses and sentences; the generality of statements; and the organisational strategy in which authors arrange ideas according to a common topic in the hierarchy of detail. Placing different objects or ideas in categories is a type of classification in expert writing which allows more efficient cognitive retrieval of information by placing it in context. Maintaining appropriate level of detail in any body of text is a part of ensuring that the cognitive effort required by the reader is appropriate to the general subject of the written as a whole. Authors use level of detail to maintain continuity in syntactic hierarchy in texts, such as a screenplays. Continuity in text is achieved by using transitional expressions to move from one detail, or level of detail, to another.
Within the basic writing structure of "introducing", "characterising" and "bringing to a close" of any proper subject description, level of detail is used in theme development during "elaboration", "evaluation" and "adding context" as a repertoire of retrieval strategies. Van der Pool in 1995 had found that omission of detail in text structuring is an age-related effect that differentiates mature and young writers. 
Although the general rule that the level of detail must be both sufficient and appropriate
for the author's audience and their subject in literature intended for experts, it is also used in primary and secondary education to assess student understanding. In general the depth of detail is gradually developed to one appropriate for the subject. 
The suggested list in identifying appropriate level of detail may include
Presenting the reader with specific details without first introducing it with general statements can be dangerous because it omits a qualifier, and therefore introduces elements that invite questions and create confusion. 
Level of detail is often important in technical writing due to the need to differentiate between different levels of audience need for information within the organisation.
Similar to the engineering design process, writing also takes place by the author usually adopting either a top-down or a bottom-up press by identifying components of the text that become the focus subjects in the overall theme.
The content of a text is often assessed for its level of detail as "high", "intermediate" or "low" based on the objective of the author in addressing the needs of the audience. The highly detailed text refers to the bottom-up structuring design where 
Facts that are generally available but not used frequently (and likely to be forgotten) should be included in this ideal level of writing.

</doc>
<doc id="19083763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083763" title="K-1 World MAX 2008 World Championship Tournament Final">
K-1 World MAX 2008 World Championship Tournament Final

K-1 World MAX 2008 World Championship Tournament - Final - was a martial arts event promoted by the K-1 organization. It took place on Wednesday, October 1, 2008 at the Nippon Budokan Arena in Tokyo, Japan. It was the 7th annual K-1 World Max (70kg/154lbs weight class) World Championship Final, featuring four quarter final winners of K-1 World MAX 2008 Final 8 held on July 7, 2008 in Tokyo, Japan. The card also included a couple of tournament reserve bouts, two Superfights between Takayuki Kohiruimaki vs Joerie Mes and Nieky Holzken vs. Virgil Kalakoda, the ISKA World Lightweight Title Match plus the quarterfinals in K-1's new Koshien King of U-18 series . The four quarter final winners of the K-1 Koshien bouts would qualify for the semi finals at the Dynamite!! 2008 event. 
The K-1 World Max 2008 Final attracted a sellout crowd of 15,321 to the Nippon Budokan and was broadcast live in Japan on the TBS network.
Rule changes.
In a press conference at Tokyo's Laforet Hotel, prior to the event, the Event Producer Sadaharu Tanikawa announced a number of rule changes effective on October 1, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19083764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083764" title="Lorena Zaffalon">
Lorena Zaffalon

Lorena Zaffalon (born 10 August 1981 in Milan) is an Italian synchronised swimmer. In the 2004 Summer Olympics, held in Athens, Greece, she came seventh in the Women's Team competition and eighth in the Women's Duet competition (alongside Beatrice Spaziani).

</doc>
<doc id="19083765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083765" title="Télesphore Simard (Quebec politician)">
Télesphore Simard (Quebec politician)

Télesphore Simard (19 December 1863 – 1 October 1924) was a Canadian politician, the member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Témiscamingue riding from 1916 until his death in office in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="19083800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083800" title="W. B. Adams Stadium">
W. B. Adams Stadium

W. B. Adams Stadium is a 5,500-seat stadium in Ferrum, Virginia where it serves as home to the Ferrum College football team as well as the school's recently founded Men's Lacrosse team.
The stadium was completed in 1960 and is on a complex with a full-sized practice field.

</doc>
<doc id="19083841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083841" title="Federal crime in the United States">
Federal crime in the United States

In the United States, a federal crime or federal offense is an act that is made illegal by U.S. federal legislation. In the United States, criminal law and prosecution happen at both the federal and the state levels; thus a “federal crime” is one that is prosecuted under federal criminal law, and not under a state's criminal law, under which most of the crimes committed in the United States are prosecuted. The situation, regarding prosecution of crimes, is similar in Australia.
This includes many acts that, if they did not occur on U.S. federal property or on Indian reservations or were not specifically penalized, would otherwise not be crimes or fall under state or local law. Some crimes are listed in Title 18 of the United States Code (the federal criminal and penal code), but others fall under other titles; for instance, tax evasion and possession of weapons banned by the National Firearms Act are criminalized in Title 26 of the United States Code. 
The Canadian "Constitution Act, 1867" grants that country's Parliament the exclusive power to legislate criminal laws (see also Criminal Code of Canada). This includes many acts (such as vehicular homicide and rape) that, if they did not cross US state or territory lines, would otherwise be prosecuted, in the US, at the state or local level.
Numerous federal agencies have been granted powers to investigate federal offenses to include, but not limited to, the ATF, DEA, FBI, ICE, IRS, and the Secret Service.
Mail fraud which crosses state lines or involves the (national) United States Postal Service is a federal offense. An equivalent offence, under Canadian criminal law, is Theft from mail (section 356 of the country's Criminal Code).
Other federal crimes include aircraft hijacking, kidnapping, bank robbery, child pornography, tax evasion, counterfeiting, art theft from a museum, damaging or destroying public mailboxes, immigration offenses, and since 1965, assassinating the President or Vice President, although these were not made federal crimes until after President John F. Kennedy's assassination.
In drug-related federal offenses mandatory minimums can be enforced. A mandatory minimum is a federally regulated minimum sentence for offenses of certain drugs. 
Prosecution guidelines are established by the United States Attorney in each federal judicial district and by laws that Congress has already established.

</doc>
<doc id="19083845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083845" title="Beatrice Spaziani">
Beatrice Spaziani

Beatrice Spaziani (born 26 March 1984 in Terracina) is an Italian synchronised swimmer. In the 2004 Summer Olympics, held in Athens, Greece, she came seventh in the Women's Team competition and eighth in the Women's Duet competition (alongside Lorena Zaffalon).

</doc>
<doc id="19083852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083852" title="Low Islets (Prime Seal Group)">
Low Islets (Prime Seal Group)

The Low Islets are two small, flat, adjacent, granite islands, with a combined area of about 2 ha, in south-eastern Australia. They are part of Tasmania’s Prime Seal Island Group, lying in eastern Bass Strait west of Flinders in the Furneaux Group. The larger of the two islets has been used for grazing sheep, cattle and horses.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are Short-tailed Shearwater, White-faced Storm-Petrel, Sooty Oystercatcher, Pacific Gull, Silver Gull, Caspian Tern, Crested Tern and Black-faced Cormorant. Reptiles include the White-lipped Snake and Metallic Skink.

</doc>
<doc id="19083874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083874" title="Télesphore Simard (mayor)">
Télesphore Simard (mayor)

Télesphore Simard (1878–1955) was a Canadian businessman and politician, serving as mayor of Quebec City from December 1927 to March 1928.
Biography.
He was the son of Louis Simard and Isabelle Brown. He studied at académie commerciale. After working in different stores, he opened in 1911 his own business, Simard et Carmichaël. He prospered and later bought the Syndicat de Lévis and several other stores in the clothing business.
He was elected without opposition to the charge of alderman ("échevin") in the Saint-Roch ward of Québec in the 1924 election and again in the 1926 election. After the resignation of mayor Valmont Martin, Simard became mayor when the city council chose him on 6 December 1927, to complete the mayoral term of office ending 1 March 1928. During his short administration, the city adopted bylaws for borrowing substantial sums of money to finance public works, including modifications to the aqueduct and drainage system, building an annex to the Hôpital civique and building a bridge on the river Lairet.
Simard was defeated by Oscar Auger in the 20 February 1928 city election by a 7046 to 4752 vote.
After his term as mayor, Simard's family grew to at least 24 children by 1931. He was married at least twice.

</doc>
<doc id="19083888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083888" title="Black Ensemble Theater Company">
Black Ensemble Theater Company

Black Ensemble Theater Company is a theatre company that has performed at the Black Ensemble Theater in the Uptown community area of Chicago, Illinois. The company is known for productions related to African-American culture, especially musicals depicting notable African-American musicians and performers. The company is a significant contributor to Chicago's emergence as a Theater Town, and its theater has been selected as one of the 25 top major theaters in the country by the Encyclopædia Britannica Almanac.
The company has performed in the Black Ensemble Theater at 4520 North Beacon Street, but it is planning to move to 4440 North Clark Street, which is also in Uptown and which is more than twice as large. The new theatre will be designed by Morris Architects Planners, who has previously designed Steppenwolf, Lookingglass, and Playhouse on the Square. The new theater is being located in a former warehouse that cost US$3.5 million to purchase and many times more than that to renovate. Approximately $20 million is being raised to fund the construction of the new theater.
Among the recent productions are musicals celebrating Billie Holiday, Dionne Warwick, Teddy Pendergrass and Stax Records. The production "I Am Who I Am (The Story of Teddy Pendergrass)" that opened on March 15, 2008, was extended through the end of 2008. The company has a history of presenting as many as a half-dozen productions a year since opening in 1976. The theater's productions have been critically recognized. Some have had lengthy multiple-year runs and national tours such as "The Jackie Wilson Story", which was the first traveling production of the Black Ensemble Touring Venture and which played for four weeks at the Apollo Theater. The theater company has also traveled nationally to perform to festivals.
The group's more than one hundred performances have been produced by its founder, Jackie Taylor, since 1976. When producing musical biographies, Taylor uses a formula of including at least eighteen of the artist's hits, some high points and low points in the artist's career, at least one climactic moment of chaos and an uplifting ending, which is the most important element.

</doc>
<doc id="19083890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083890" title="Bankruptcy prediction">
Bankruptcy prediction

Bankruptcy prediction is the art of predicting bankruptcy and various measures of financial distress of public firms. It is a vast area of finance and accounting research. The importance of the area is due in part to the relevance for creditors and investors in evaluating the likelihood that a firm may go bankrupt. 
The quantity of research is also a function of the availability of data: for public firms which went bankrupt or did not, numerous accounting ratios that might indicate danger can be calculated, and numerous other potential explanatory variables are also available. Consequently, the area is well-suited for testing of increasingly sophisticated, data-intensive forecasting approaches.
History.
The history of bankruptcy prediction includes application of numerous statistical tools which gradually became available, and involves deepening appreciation of various pitfalls in early analyses. Interestingly, research is still published that suffers pitfalls that have been understood for many years.
Bankruptcy prediction has been a subject of formal analysis since at least 1932, when FitzPatrick published a study of 20 pairs of firms, one failed and one surviving, matched by date, size and industry, in "The Certified Public Accountant". He did not perform statistical analysis as is now common, but he thoughtfully interpreted the ratios and trends in the ratios. His interpretation was effectively a complex, multiple variable analysis.
In 1967, William Beaver applied t-tests to evaluate the importance of individual accounting ratios within a similar pair-matched sample.
In 1968, in the first formal multiple variable analysis, Edward I. Altman applied multiple discriminant analysis within a pair-matched sample. One of the most prominent early models of bankruptcy prediction is the Z-Score Financial Analysis Tool, which is still applied today.
In 1980, James Ohlson applied logit regression in a much larger sample that did not involve pair-matching.
Modern methods.
Survival methods are now applied.
Option valuation approaches involving stock price variability have been developed.
Neural network models and other sophisticated models have been tested on bankruptcy prediction.
Comparison of differing approaches.
The latest research within the field of Bankruptcy and Insolvency Prediction compares various differing approaches, modelling techniques, and individual models to ascertain whether any one technique is superior to its counterparts.
Jackson and Wood (2013) provides an excellent discussion of the literature to date, including an empirical evaluation of 15 popular models from the existing literature. These models range from the univariate models of Beaver through the multidimensional models of Altman and Ohlson, and continuing to more recent techniques which include option valuation approaches. They find that models based on market data - such as an option valuation approach - outperform those earlier models which rely heavily on accounting numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="19083892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083892" title="Taizō Ishizaka">
Taizō Ishizaka

In 1956, in his role as President of the Japanese Federation of Economic Organizations, he presented a request to the Japanese ruling party for the resignation of Japanese Prime Minister Ichirō Hatoyama.
In 1971, Ishizaka was the 65th awardee of the "Bronze Wolf", the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting.

</doc>
<doc id="19083897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083897" title="Clark Street">
Clark Street

Clark Street may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19083900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083900" title="Swinger Bay">
Swinger Bay

Swinger Bay, is a bay on the north west shore of Milne Bay, Papua New Guinea. Named by John Moresby after HMS "Swinger". It is also known as "Stringer Bay".
Swinger Bay was selected as a site for an amphibious training centre in 1943 during World War II, which relocated from HMAS Assault, Port Stephens, Australia. Construction started in late 1943 by a detachment of the 91st Naval Construction Battalion (Seabees), whose main element had arrived 21 October 1943 from Port Hueneme, California in . The detachment built facilities, on a site noted as being high and relatively dry, for about 800 men and 30 officers that included storage, shops, housing, roads, water and electrical systems and a jetty to water of depth. The 91st was were relieved by 105th Naval Construction Battalion in January 1944.
The amphibious training centre consisted of housing for 1,500 men in quonset huts and developed of waterfront for training purposes.
In March 1945, the amphibious training centre closed and relocated to Subic Bay, Philippines.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19083902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083902" title="Andrew Mondshein">
Andrew Mondshein

Andrew Steven Mondshein (born February 28, 1957) is an American film editor with more than 25 film credits. He was widely recognized for his editing of the film "The Sixth Sense" (M. Night Shyamalan-1999); he was nominated for the Academy Award, the BAFTA Award, the ACE Eddie, and he won the Satellite Award.
Life and career.
Mondshein grew up on the east coast of the United States, and received a bachelor's degree from the University of Florida. His first credits are as an assistant editor on two 1982 films directed by Sidney Lumet, "Deathtrap" and "The Verdict". He went on to edit five of Lumet's films between 1984 and 1992. Mondshein was among the first film editors to adopt electronic techniques (on the film "Power" (Lumet-1986)).
Mondshein has had a notable collaboration on seven films with the Swedish director Lasse Hallström. Their collaboration commenced with Hallström's first English language film "Once Around" (1991). It includes "Chocolat" (2000), which was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture, and for which Mondshein was nominated for a second Eddie. Their most recent collaboration is "The Hoax" (2006). Because of his concurrent work on "The Sixth Sense", Mondshein played only a peripheral role in Hallström's "The Cider House Rules" (1999); Lisa Zeno Churgin edited that film, which was nominated for seven Academy Awards including Film Editing.
Mondshein has been elected to membership in the American Cinema Editors.

</doc>
<doc id="19083910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083910" title="Christian Bowman">
Christian Bowman

Christian Jason Bowman (born on March 11, 1975, in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania) is an actor, film director, film producer and screenwriter who has appeared in the TV series "North Shore", "Lost", and "Prison Break".
Biography.
Christian Bowman began his acting career on North Shore in 2004. He was later cast as Steve Jenkins, a character seen on the first season of Lost (2004–2005). Bowman joined the cast of Prison Break as Agent King (2007–2008), The Lying Game (2012) and Sin City II - A Dame to Kill For (2013) in addition to Studio Shot (2010), a short he wrote, produced and directed.

</doc>
<doc id="19083932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083932" title="Huguang Guild Hall">
Huguang Guild Hall

The Huguang Guild Hall () in Beijing is a renowned Beijing opera (Peking opera) theatre. Built in 1807, and at the height of its glory, the Huguang Guild Hall, along with the Zhengyici Peking Opera Theatre was known as one of the "Four Great Theatres" in all of Beijing. Many famous past and present opera performers have performed here.
On August 25, 1912, the Chinese Nationalist Party (Kuomintang or KMT) was founded at the guild hall at a convention of the Revolutionary Alliance, led by Sun Yat-sen, and five smaller pro-revolution parties. Together they formed the KMT to contest the first national elections of the Republic of China. The guild hall held several hundred party activists and several thousand spectators. Sun, the then Premier of the Republic, was chosen as the party chairman with Huang Xing as his deputy.
The entire complex covers over a large area, and the main buildings of the hall include the opera building, Wenchang building, Xiangxian Temple and Chuwan hall. The Huguang Guild Hall also contains a small museum which exhibits the theatre's rich history of Beijing opera.

</doc>
<doc id="19083934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083934" title="USS Searcher (AGR-4)">
USS Searcher (AGR-4)

USS "Searcher" (YAGR-4/AGR-4) was a "Guardian"-class radar picket ship acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1954. She was obtained from the National Defense Reserve Fleet and reconfigured as a radar picket ship and assigned to radar picket duty in the North Atlantic Ocean as part of the Distant Early Warning Line.
Built in Panama City, Florida.
"Searcher" (YAGR-4) was laid down on 11 December 1944 under U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MC hull E-2338) by the J. A. Jones Construction Co., Panama City, Florida, as Liberty ship "James W. Wheeler"; launched on 23 January 1945; sponsored by Mrs. R. D. Turnage; and delivered on 5 February 1945 to the Calmar Steamship Company. 
Reclassified "YAGR-4" in August 1954, she was acquired by the Navy from the Maritime Administration on 15 September 1954; renamed "Searcher"; converted to a radar picket ship at the Charleston Naval Shipyard, Charleston, South Carolina; and commissioned on 2 April 1955, Lt. Comdr. James A. Paulick in command.
Radar picket duty.
"Searcher" departed Charleston, South Carolina, on 16 May 1955 for Newport, Rhode Island, where, after shakedown, she reported for duty with the seaward extension of America's early warning defense system. She reported on station for her first patrol on 5 July 1955. 
Fitted with sophisticated electronic search and tracking equipment, "Searcher" could detect, track, and report enemy aircraft at great distances, and control high-speed interceptor aircraft in event of attack. She also carried out weather reporting duties during her three-to-four-week-long cruises.
On 13 November 1955, "Searcher" was damaged by an engine room fire which burned for six and one-half hours before being extinguished with the aid of two other ships. Her patrols were otherwise uneventful. She was reclassified "AGR-4" effective 28 September 1958; and, during the Cuban Missile crisis in 1962, she operated at sea for 60 out of 67 days.
Decommissioning.
On 1 July 1965, "Searcher" was decommissioned, struck from the Navy List and transferred to the Maritime Administration. She was laid up in the Hudson River berthing area of the National Defense Reserve Fleet until sold for scrapping on 7 August 1970 to the North American Smelting Co., Wilmington, Delaware.

</doc>
<doc id="19083937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083937" title="Stewart Barrowclough">
Stewart Barrowclough

Stewart Barrowclogh (born 29 October 1951 in Barnsley, England) is an English footballer who played as a winger.
A skilful and dynamic winger, Barrowclough began his career with his hometown club Barnsley and his performances from a handful of first-team appearances caught the eye of clubs in higher divisions. He joined Newcastle United in 1970 and became a key player down the wing for much of the decade.
Barrowclough later played for Birmingham City and Bristol Rovers before returning to Barnsley, where he contributed to the club's early 80s resurgence. He finished his League career with Mansfield Town.
His son Carl Barrowclough was also a professional footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19083980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19083980" title="Requiem for What's His Name">
Requiem for What's His Name

"Requiem for What's His Name" is the second album by Marc Ribot & The Rootless Comopolitans. It was released on the Belgian label Les Disques du Crepuscule in 1992. It was recorded in New York City, except "Commit a Crime" which was recorded live at Desi Stadtteilzentrum in Nuremberg, Germany.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Brian Beatty awarded the album 4 stars stating "On his second release as a bandleader, guitarist Marc Ribot is joined by players familiar from his gigs as a hired sideman, including saxophonist Roy Nathanson of the Lounge Lizards and the Jazz Passengers and multi-reed player Ralph Carney from Tom Waits' touring band. Though less swinging and fresh than 1990's Rootless Cosmopolitans, this album's original compositions and renditions of Duke Ellington and Howlin' Wolf tunes still leave plenty of room for Ribot's discordant guitar stylings. Available in the U.S. only as an expensive import. ".
Track listing.
All compositions are by Marc Ribot, except where indicated otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="19084005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084005" title="Belly chain (restraint)">
Belly chain (restraint)

A belly chain is a physical restraint worn by prisoners, consisting of a chain around the waist, to which the prisoner's hands may be chained or cuffed. Sometimes the ankles are also connected by means of longer chains.
Such restraints are often used in the United States in courtrooms, or for transporting prisoners, or in other public situations as a safeguard against escape.

</doc>
<doc id="19084049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084049" title="Paseo Mochis">
Paseo Mochis

Paseo Los Mochis, is a two-story shopping center located in Los Mochis, Sinaloa, México. It is the biggest mall in the north of Sinaloa, the mall is anchored by a Liverpool department store, C&A, casino Play City and a 12-screen movie theater MMCinemas, other stores includes Radio Shack, Levi's, Burger King etc. it opened in November 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19084064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084064" title="Nigel Marples">
Nigel Marples

Nigel Marples (born November 3, 1985 in Delta, British Columbia) is an English-Canadian football player and coach.
Career.
College.
Marples attended North Delta High School and played college soccer at Towson University, where he was a four year starter and two year captain. During his college years he also played with the Abbotsford Rangers in the USL Premier Development League.
Professional.
Marples joined the professional ranks after graduation with the Vancouver Whitecaps of USL First Division, but only appeared in 2 matches and was released. He then turned to indoor soccer after being drafted by the Philadelphia KiXX. He appeared in 27 games before moving back outdoors with USL Second Division Harrisburg City Islanders, and then on to the Charleston Battery in 2009.
Marples joined HB Køge from the Danish 1st Division on 9 August 2012. He left the club in summer 2013 and returned to Vancouver.
International.
Marples has also spent time in the Canadian U-20 player pool, but has yet to be capped.
as Coach.
After his return in summer 2013 to Canada, was named as Head coach of the Roman Tulis European Soccer School of Excellence. Since October 2013 works besides his coaching career by the Roman Tulis Soccer School, as Player-Coach of the BC Premier Soccer League side Fusion FC in Richmond. Marples studied Masters in Coaching Education over distance learning on the Ohio University.

</doc>
<doc id="19084070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084070" title="John Cook Parish">
John Cook Parish

John Cook Parish was a notable of the Boy Scouts of America.
Parish was awarded the "Bronze Wolf", the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting. He was also a 1962 recipient of the Silver Buffalo Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19084086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084086" title="2008 Australian GT Championship season">
2008 Australian GT Championship season

The 2008 Australian GT Championship was a CAMS sanctioned national motor racing title for drivers of closed, production based sports cars which were either approved by the FIA for GT3 competition or approved by CAMS as Australian GT cars. It was the 12th Australian GT Championship to be awarded by CAMS.
Teams and drivers.
The following drivers competed in the 2008 Australian GT Championship.
Race calendar.
The championship was contested over a six round series.
Note: Round 6 was contested as the Sandown GT Classic with the winner awarded the 2008 Australian Tourist Trophy.
Points system.
Championship points were awarded on a 38-32-28-25-23-21-19-18-17-16-15-14-13-12-11-10-9-8-7-6-5-4-3-2-1 to the first 25 finishers in each race. Each driver’s worst round point score had to be dropped from his/her overall point score.
Drivers competing with a foreign licence and a Foreign Participation Visa under FIA ISC Regulation 18 Para 5 (e.g. Hector Lester) were not allowed to score championship points.

</doc>
<doc id="19084091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084091" title="Grüneberg ganglion">
Grüneberg ganglion

The Grüneberg ganglion, also written as Grueneberg ganglion and Gruneberg ganglion, is an olfactory subsystem at the entrance of the nose of mammals that is involved in the detection of alarm pheromones and cold temperatures. The ganglion was first described by Hans Grüneberg in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19084097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084097" title="Reids Flat, New South Wales">
Reids Flat, New South Wales

Reids Flat is a small historic village (population 50) sited on the south bank of the Lachlan River, approximately southeast of Wyangala Dam, in the northeastern corner of Boorowa Shire, in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales, hidden in the Great Dividing Range.
The village – now largely a quiet residential area – no longer has any commercial establishments within its boundaries; the nearest shop is located away, in the town of Bigga. It does, however, possess a small public school, a public hall, a showground, and a council rubbish dump.

</doc>
<doc id="19084120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084120" title="Jentezen Franklin">
Jentezen Franklin

Jentezen Franklin (born July 21, 1962) is the senior pastor of Free Chapel in Gainesville, Georgia and Free Chapel OC (Orange County) in Irvine, California. Franklin is the author of "New York Times" best sellers, "Right People, Right Place, Right Plan" and "Fasting". His ministry extends internationally through the televised broadcast, Kingdom Connection, which is seen on television networks such as TBN and The Church Channel. 
Biography.
Jentezen Franklin is one of five children born to Billy and Katie Franklin. His father died in 1991, and his mother remains actively involved in Franklin's church, Free Chapel. His mother is one of twenty-seven children in the Stone family of Wilson, North Carolina. He has an older brother, Doyle, and two younger sisters, Jennifer and Jill. Early in his career, Franklin traveled as an evangelistic team with his elder brother, Richie, who died, December 1, 2012. Franklin and his wife, Cherise, married in September 1987, and together they have five children: Courteney, Caressa, Caroline, Connar, and Drake. 
Jentezen Franklin studied tenor saxophone under Frank Mayes at Atlantic Christian College in his hometown of Wilson, North Carolina. Jentezen, along with his brother, Richie, played in the college Jazz Band. Jentezen quit college after his brother graduated and pursued the ministry under the guidance of his father.
On his way to a musical career as a saxophone player, Jentezen felt led by God to become an evangelist. Prior to becoming the senior pastor of Free Chapel (which is affiliated with the Congregational Holiness Church), Jentezen Franklin had visited the church annually as a Church of God evangelist. When Roy Wellborn, the church's senior pastor, died, Franklin had been scheduled to preach. In 1989, Jentezen became the senior pastor of Free Chapel, which was made up of a small congregation of about 300 people. In 2004, the church moved to its current location, which has a 3,000 seat auditorium. In 2007, Jentezen Franklin opened the second Free Chapel Church in Irvine, California. On August 5, 2007, the church held its first service with about 163. Since that day, the Free Chapel Orange County has radically expanded, and now serves thousands weekly.
Forward Conference.
Forward is an annual student conference hosted by Franklin's church since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19084128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084128" title="Burner (rocket stage)">
Burner (rocket stage)

The Burner and Burner 2 rocket stages have been used as upper stages of launch vehicles such as the Thor-Burner and Delta since 1965. The currently available Burner 2 is powered by a Star 37 solid rocket motor.
Thor Altair and Thor Burner were mainly used for US military meteorological programs (DMSP), although they also launched technological satellites.
In addition to use on Delta family rockets, Burner 2 stages have been used on both Atlas and Titan rockets.
Burner 1.
The Burner 1 stage was based on the Allegany Ballistics Laboratory (ABL) X-248 Altair rocket stage used for the third stage of some Vanguard launch vehicles. For the Burner designation, Boeing equipped the stage with 3-axis control.
The solid rocket engine later designated Thiokol FW-4 (TE 364-1). The first Thor Burner launch occurred on January 19, 1965 for the US military meteorological program DMSP B4A-01 satellite (first Block 4A).
Burner 2 or Burner II.
In March 1964, the Defense Meteorological Satellite Program (DMSP) office approved plans to develop a more powerful Thor Burner 2 launch vehicle.
The Burner 2 was developed for the Air Force Space Systems Division in 1965. The Boeing Company served as prime contractor with major subcontractors: Thiokol Chemical Corporation (solid rocket motor); Honeywell Inc. (pre-programmed inertial guidance system); Walter Kidde Co. (reaction control system).
<br>Burner 2 featured a Thiokol Star-37B motor (TE-M-364-2) which was derived from the Surveyor lunar retro-rocket. 
The first Thor Burner 2 launch occurred on September 16, 1966 for the US military meteorological program DMSP B4A-07 satellite
It was the first solid-fuel upper-stage used for general space applications that had full control and guidance capability. Its general assignment was to place small- and medium size payloads into orbit. The Burner II motor, guidance system and reaction control system were integrated to provide attitude stability and precise control of flight rate and burnout velocity for orbital injection and earth-escape missions.
Burner II was designed for use with the Thor booster, but was readily adapted for use on the complete range of standard launch vehicles. The Burner II was used as an upper stage by NASA for deep space probes.
The first Burner II flight was on 1966-09-15.
Boeing delivered 8 flight vehicles under its original contract. Under terms of a follow-on contract, it built 6 additional flight models.
Four Thor-Burner II combinations were launched successfully from Vandenberg Air Force Base, California. The third launch placed 2 unclassified satellites in Earth orbit. A SECOR satellite, built for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers by the Cubic Corporation, and an Aurora satellite, developed by Rice University for the Office of Naval Research, were placed in circular orbits 3,300 km above the Earth. As integration contractor for the Air Force Space Experiment Support Program (SESP) Office, Boeing designed, built and tested the injection stage, or "payload dispenser," which carried the 2 satellites on top of a standard Burner II stage and placed them in precise orbits. The satellites were mounted on opposite sides of the injection stage, which housed a 640 kgf thrust, solid-propellant rocket motor, Star 37.

</doc>
<doc id="19084130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084130" title="Elizabeth Boyer">
Elizabeth Boyer

Elizabeth Boyer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19084146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084146" title="Brown Instrument Company">
Brown Instrument Company

Brown Instrument Company was a U.S. firm known for high-quality instruments (such as pyrometers, thermometers, hygrometers, tachometers, pressure gauges, flow meters, ammeters, and voltmeters) and industrial controls.
The company was founded in 1857 in Philadelphia by Edward Brown, inventor of the first pyrometer of American design. In 1934, the firm became a division of Honeywell.
The company was a large employer in North Philadelphia during most of the 20th century. A large brick factory building across Windrim Avenue from Wayne Junction, currently Extra Space Storage, was a principal Brown Instrument Company building. A 1921 catalog mentions laboratories here. The Wayne Avenue façade still has "Brown Instrument Co" relieved into the concrete. 
A Google Book search for "Brown Instrument" "Wayne Ave" shows multiple addresses for the company on the 4400 and 4500 blocks of Wayne Ave, which straddle Wayne Junction. Another search result from 1915 mentions 311 Walnut St. 
Across the regional rail tracks from Fern Rock Transportation Center there is another old factory building topped by a sign marked "Honeywell – Brown Instrument Division".
The firm later moved to Fort Washington, Pennsylvania. Honeywell's automation and control businesses still have a campus there, although the Brown Instrument name has been retired.

</doc>
<doc id="19084153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084153" title="Grande Ronde Hospital">
Grande Ronde Hospital

Grande Ronde Hospital provides medical services in La Grande, Oregon, United States. Founded and opened in 1907 and re-opened at a new location in 1966, the non-profit hospital offers inpatient care as well as a broad range of diagnostic, surgical, and therapeutic outpatient services. It has a family birthing center and provides home-care and hospice services.
The hospital is the only one in Union County, which covers and has a population of more than 25,000. More than 400 people work at Grande Ronde Hospital. It is accredited by the Joint Commission of Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO) and is a member of the American Small Hospital Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19084206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084206" title="Grüneberg">
Grüneberg

The name Grüneberg, Grueneberg, or Gruneberg can refer to the following articles:

</doc>
<doc id="19084217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084217" title="Poeh Center">
Poeh Center

Poeh Center (Tewa: "pathway") is a cultural center in the U.S. state of New Mexico. Established by Pojoaque Pueblo, it is devoted to the arts and culture of the Puebloan peoples. The center is located off of U.S. Route 84. It is near Pojoaque Pueblo's Cities of Gold Casino and Hotel, and about from Santa Fe. Construction started in 1992 with gaming revenue, and was completed in 2003. 
The Poeh Center is widely recognized for its traditional pueblo architecture and building techniques. Built of adobe bricks and local wood products, it also houses the Poeh Museum, the Poeh Arts educational program, the Poeh Tower Gallery, and administrative offices. The Poeh Tower, currently occupied by sculptor Roxanne Swentzell, is the tallest adobe structure in New Mexico. The Poeh Center is the first tribally owned and maintained facility for cultural preservation of northern New Mexico and is compared to a Kiva-type building. It has traditional pueblo elements such as motifs in the interior, ceilings made of wooden beams, "horno" fireplaces and Pajoaque pottery. Its architecture is a blend of the New Mexico type pueblo architecture resembling some of the religious structures of Chaco and Mesa Verde. The building occupies a space of , and with plans for expansion to include a traditional pueblo plaza, and an amphitheater for performing arts and lectures related to Pueblan culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19084222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084222" title="Anticurialism">
Anticurialism

Anticurialism refers to a juridical and philosophical line of thought that conglomerates a group of theories and political positions which appeared in Naples after the Council of Trent and which lasted until the modern day and led to the suppression of the feudal, juridical, and fiscal privileges of the clergy.
History.
After the Council of Trent many Catholic nations, among which Spain, adopted the Inquisition as a means of controlling religious movements and of the re-conversion to Roman orthodoxy of all the dioceses which they administered. Even in the Kingdom of Naples, at that time subject to the Spanish crown (see "List of viceroys of Naples"), more than once an ecclesiastical tribune of inquisition was proposed, though the proposals were always rejected by the local aristocracy and by the local population. 
The first rebellion against the attempt of establishing the Inquisition came about under the rule of Pedro Álvarez de Toledo in 1547. 
The Neapolitan aristocracy therefore, finding that its interests were in agreement with the requests of the rebels, began their defence from some of the measures taken by the Council of Trent, such as the inquisition, opposing on a juridical scale the propositions of the party that sustained the tridentine principles and retaining that many of the new ecclesiastical authorities were incompatible with the supreme sovereignty of the king and of the state officials.
The juridical theses of the aristocrats were accepted by Viceroy Pedro Afán de Ribera, who was excommunicated by Pope Pius V.
The anticurialist doctrines were also accepted by a number of philosophers, historians and economists such as Pietro Giannone, Costantino Grimaldi and Antonio Genovesi, let alone by a number of Catholic archbishops. In this juridical anticurialism took root the cartesian and atomist philosophy of Tommaso Cornelio, as also some of the Neapolitan Jansenist, royalist and jurisdictionalist lines of thought during the second Neapolitan Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19084232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084232" title="Mount Roberts">
Mount Roberts

Mount Roberts may refer to:
See also: Roberts Mountains and Roberts Peak

</doc>
<doc id="19084245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084245" title="Girth">
Girth

Girth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19084285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084285" title="Enemy (Days of the New song)">
Enemy (Days of the New song)

"Enemy" is a song by Days of the New and the lead single from their second eponymous album also known as "Green." The song reached #2 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks in 1999 and #10 on the Modern Rock Tracks the same year, becoming only their second song to hit the Top 10 on this chart. "Enemy" also serves as the ninth track on , released in 2008.
Overview.
"Enemy" is a prime example of Travis Meeks' shift into new musical scape on "Green"; whereas the first album established a moderately stripped down acoustic rock style, "Enemy" incorporates classical strings as well as electronic effects and percussion comparable to that heard in dance club music. Regarding this decision, Meeks said, "It was an experiment. It was something that I wanted to try - just like putting red in a painting instead of using more blue, just trying something different." Acoustic guitar remains well implemented, however, and an echoed horn is also heard during the chorus. Vocal layering occurs throughout "Enemy" as well with clean singing in the foreground and a distant, hollower voice providing backup vocals. The song fades to silence as it nears the end. A moody acoustic guitar then enters which is soon accompanied by a lead guitar solo before slowly fading out together.
Meeks described the song composition process in an interview with LAUNCHcast, stating that he wrote the guitar and vocal pattern first before demoing in the studio. While there, he created the bass line and composed samples around that. Meeks also expressed hope that fans wouldn't get the impression that "Enemy" stylistically represents the entire album.
Lyrically, "Enemy" appears to focus on a vague dispute between a young man and his authority figure. The first lyric in the song proclaims, "Listen down you little man/I'm not the one who's trying to change you," yet perhaps ironically, also declares later, "you need to change now." Amidst these claims, the narrator also tries to maintain respect between the two and cite that he or she is not an enemy despite the aforementioned demands.
Music video.
A video was produced for a remixed version of "Enemy" which edits the song length to 4:21 and introduces more electronic effects. A director's cut was also made available at Launch.com. Filmed in mid August 1999, "Enemy" was directed by Louisiana native Chip Dumstorf who was also responsible for the "Green" album's art direction. An Outpost spokesperson declined to comment on the video's storyline, and Days of the New frontman Travis Meeks's simply stated, "I love this video, and that's all I have to say."
The majority of "Enemy" was shot at The Louisville Palace with an invitation for fans to appear as extras in the August 19 shooting. Scenes taking place outside were shot along the Ohio River in Indiana. The video includes fast motion footage such as people using a revolving door and walking outside an apartment building. A bald, red-skinned figure crouches in front of a stained glass window and becomes the physical embodiment of the masked, feathered man seen on it. Throughout the video, this caped and hooded man plays a game of chess with Meeks before replacing his mask, reentering the window, and departing in his red-skinned form. The band performs in a dark, foggy room of trees similar to the album's cover art. Various characters in strange wardrobe are seen dancing among the group in an almost rave-like fashion. Other footage shows Meeks singing alone in the psychedelically colored outdoors; a truss bridge over the Ohio River can be seen in the background.

</doc>
<doc id="19084293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084293" title="Eugene F. Reid">
Eugene F. Reid

Eugene F. "Bud" Reid was a notable official of the Boy Scouts of America.
Reid was awarded the "Bronze Wolf", the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting. He was also a 1988 recipient of the Silver Buffalo Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19084328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084328" title="1999 Oakland Raiders season">
1999 Oakland Raiders season

The 1999 Oakland Raiders season was their 40th in the league. They matched their previous season's output of 8–8. Thirteen of the team's sixteen games were decided by a touchdown or less.

</doc>
<doc id="19084342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084342" title="Scott Kaplan">
Scott Kaplan

Scott Kaplan is a San Diego, based media entrepreneur. He is primarily known as the host, executive producer of The Scott and BR Show on The Mighty 1090 (1090 am in San Diego and Los Angeles, or the Mighty 1090 app) television simulcast on UTTV (The cable channel of the SD Union Tribune, Cox Cable channel 114/ATT U Verse 1017 in SD or on uutv.com)
While first an on air personality, Kaplan is also involved in a variety of media companies, as a content provider / executive producer / fund raiser / operations manager / marketing director . He makes it all sound really important. He’s out hustling trying to do biz, he has 4 kids, 3 of which are girls.
Early life.
Kaplan was born February 17, 1970 on Tyndall Air Force Base, in Panama City, Florida, while his father was serving. Not long thereafter, the Kaplan’s relocated back to their hometown, Woodridge, New York, which is a tiny town, in the heart of what was then called, The Borscht Belt.
By the early 80’s, the Kaplan’s made the natural snowbird transition, from New York to South Florida.
Scott Kaplan went to Coral Springs High School, in a suburb of Ft. Lauderdale. His senior year, 1988, he was student body president, captain of the debate team, and kicker on the football team.
Kaplan was not a highly recruited high school football player, however, using his skills of creative editing and many cold calls to college coaches, Kaplan landed a full football scholarship to the University of Pittsburgh.
Career.
Radio career.
Kaplan helped pioneer internet radio. In 1996, Kaplan was hired by then Sportsline USA executive Ross Levihnson, (recently replaced as CEO of Yahoo!), to program a 24 hour sports talk online radio station. After two years of online broadcasting, Sportsline USA partnered with CBS Sports. Kaplan’s show, "The Scott and Sid Show", was then syndicated nationally by Westwood One. Kaplan, and then on air partner, Sid Rosenberg, spent four years building their broadcast product, then relocated from the CBS Sportsline facilities in South Florida, to WNEW and the CBS broadcast center in New York. Kaplan then hosted Westwood One’s NFL Today pre game show for two seasons. Kaplan provides sideline commentary and analysis, along with insider information and interviews, for Westwood One’s coverage of Sunday Night Football. Kaplan has covered the NFL for WW1 and CBS Sports as a sideline reporter for more than 10 years. He has worked on the crews of Jim Nantz, Marv Albert, Dick Enberg, Ian Eagle and Dave Simms, on television as well as radio.Kaplan moved from New York to San Diego in May 2001, to team up with Smith on then, Southern California’s sports radio powerhouse, XTRA 690 AM. In late 2002, Clear Channel moved XTRA 690 from the San Diego market to Los Angeles. Kaplan and Smith teamed with the original owner and programmer of 690, John Lynch, to form The Mighty 1090.In February 2012 Kaplan was fired from the "Scott and BR Show" after he made disparaging comments about the appearance of MTN Sports Network basketball announcer and Women's Basketball Hall of Fame member Andrea Lloyd-Curry.
With long time broadcast partner Billy Ray Smith, the former captain of the San Diego Chargers defense, "The Scott and BR" show was on the radio airwaves throughout Southern California for nearly 11 years. Prior to relocating to San Diego in 2001, Kaplan was hosting mornings at WNEW 102.7 in New York.
Stable Wars.
Scott Kaplan created a reality television show based on his experience as a horse racing stable manager at the Del Mar Thoroughbred Club .
U-T TV.
In June 2012, Kaplan was part of the start up television channel, U-T TV, in association with the San Diego based newspaper U-T San Diego. Kaplan was host of the show "Kaplan at Night." He previously hosted the morning show entitled 'The Scott & BR + Amber Show' and later retitled 'FrontPage with Scott & Amber.'
Personal life.
Prior to beginning his career as a broadcaster, Kaplan was a place kicker at the University of Pittsburgh. While a player at Pitt from 1988 to 1992, Kaplan was the team’s leading scorer for three seasons. Kaplan is still an avid athlete and competitor. In 2010, Scott raced in, and completed, the ‘toughest endurance race in the world’, the Ironman World Championship in Kona, Hawaii.
Kaplan is also the owner of the Great Friends Stables, a horse racing syndicate in Del Mar, California. The GFS biggest win was the 2008 Cal Cup Classic with Mr. Chairman, who was purchased from Merv Griffin.
Kaplan is the founder of the Great Friends Foundation. The GFF, annually gives out college scholarships to the children of San Diego’s military. Currently there are six scholarship recipients attending Harvard, UCLA, UCSD and SDSU.
Kaplan and his wife Gayle, live in Carmel Valley, CA with their four children.

</doc>
<doc id="19084350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084350" title="John Hargrave (judge)">
John Hargrave (judge)

John Fletcher Hargrave (28 December 1815 – 23 February 1885) was an Australian politician and judge.
Hargrave was born to Joshua Hargrave and Sarah Hargrave (née Lee) at Greenwich, England. His father was a hardware merchant. He was educated at King's College, London in 1830 winning a certificate of honour for rhetoric. He went on to Trinity College, Cambridge and was awarded a Bachelor of Arts in 1837 and a Masters of Arts in 1840. He enrolled at Lincoln's Inn and was called to the Bar in 1841. 
He married his cousin Ann Hargrave on 20 September 1843. They were to have three sons and a daughter. He retired from the bar in 1851 and some time after was committed to an asylum at Colney Hatch in Middlesex by his wife and he gradually recovered there. He never forgave his wife for this.
He migrated to Sydney, New South Wales in February 1857. He was admitted to the New South Wales bar on his arrival and became a judge of the then District Court. His wife returned to England because he could not endure her presence. He resigned from the bench in February 1859 as his judgeship was "disastrous for women suitors" as he regularly decided against them. He became solicitor-general for New South Wales on 21 February 1859 following his resignation and held that appointment until 26 October of that year. He appointed again to that position on 3 November and held it till 8 March 1860. 
He represented East Camden in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly between 15 March and 11 April 1859, and then the Illawarra from 15 June to 11 October 1859.
On 12 October 1859 he was appointed to the Legislative Council and held that appointment until 23 June 1865. He was Attorney-General of New South Wales from 2 April 1860 until 31 July 1863, and then returned to the role of Solicitor General between 1 August 1863 and 15 October 1863. There was a further appointment between 3 February and 21 June 1865.
He then received a life appointment to the Council on 3 September 1861. In Parliament he was on the:
He was appointed a Kings Counsel in 1863. He was appointed a judge of the Supreme Court of New South Wales on 22 June 1865 but his swearing-in was boycotted by the New South Wales Bar. He was the Judge in divorce appointed to the Divorce Division of the Court. He proved to be a disaster on the bench and he admitted that he did not sit before 11am or work after 1pm. He was retired as a judge in 1881.
He became reader a in general jurisprudence at the University of Sydney and gave his first lecture on 3 August 1858. His course of twenty lectures were published in 1878. He died in 1885 and was buried in Waverley Cemetery. 
His brother Richard Hargrave also served in the New South Wales Parliament after arriving in New South Wales in 1838. His son Lawrence Hargrave was the inventor of the box or cellular kite. Hargrave's great, great nephew Rick Colless is a current serving member of the New South Wales Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19084351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084351" title="Ermengol (disambiguation)">
Ermengol (disambiguation)

Ermengol in Catalan, Armengol or Armengod in Spanish, Ermengaud in French, Ermengau in Occitan, and Hermengaudius in Latin is a Germanic given name of Gothic origin meaning "ready for battle". The name was Arabised during the Middle Ages as أرمقند, "Armaqand". 
It was also the surname of a late medieval family of the Languedoc:

</doc>
<doc id="19084404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084404" title="Guo Jingjing">
Guo Jingjing

Guo Jingjing (; born October 15, 1981 in Baoding, Hebei) is a female diver from the People's Republic of China. Guo is tied with her partner Wu Minxia for winning the most Olympic medals (6) of any female diver and she won the 3m springboard event at five consecutive World Championships. She announced her retirement in 2011.
Career.
She took up diving when she was six years old at the Baoding Training Base. She started training in competitive diving in 1988, and was selected to dive for the Chinese national team in 1992. Guo first competed at the Olympics in 1996. Her coach leading up to the 2008 Olympics was Zhong Shaozhen.
During the 2004 Summer Olympics She won a gold medal in the 3 meter women's synchronized springboard along with Wu Minxia, before winning her first individual Olympic gold in the 3 meter women's springboard.
After the 2004 Summer Olympics, Guo became a Chinese national sports figure in the public eye, with a contract with McDonald's, as well as multiple other endorsement contracts. She was later banned by the national team for excessive commercial activities, but was accepted back to the team when she agreed to focus on diving and give up many promotional activities. She was also made to surrender nearly 4 million dollars to the Chinese government, money that she had earned while doing these endorsements. Tian Liang, a fellow Olympic gold medalist offered the same deal as Guo, however declined to pay back the money to the government, and was excluded from the Olympic games. Guo is the leading member of the Chinese national women's diving team, and is known in China as "The Princess of Diving". Guo announced on November 23, 2006, that she would retire following the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Guo won two more gold medals at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing. At the end of the Beijing Games, Guo became the most decorated female Olympic diver, and tied fellow Chinese athlete Fu Mingxia, and Americans Pat McCormick and Greg Louganis with the most gold medals (four). Guo won the gold medal in the women's 3-meter springboard with a total of 415.35 points. The silver medal was awarded to Yuliya Pakhalina of Russia, whose score was 398.60, followed by Wu Minxia of China with 389.85 for the bronze medal. In synchronized diving, the defending champions Guo, and Wu, who won the event in the 2004 Athens Olympics and three World Championships, had led the entire competition in Beijing, winning the gold medal, with Yuliya Pakhalina and Anastasia Pozdnyakova of Russia, who posted 323.61, winning Silver.
It was confirmed in January 2011 that Guo has decided to retire, and she will not compete in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She was quoted as saying, "I think I have fulfilled my task, so the London Games is not what I have in mind now. The chances should be left to other talents in the team."
Personal life.
Guo's social activities after the Athens Olympics were the subject of scrutiny in Mainland Chinese and Hong Kong media news outlets. Guo made entertainment headlines in China when the paparazzi published a photograph of her dining with Kenneth Fok Kai-kong, the grandson of the late Hong Kong business tycoon Henry Fok. Guo did not deny the relationship, and has been photographed many times with Kenneth Fok in public. The couple tied the knot in Hong Kong on November 8, 2012.
Guo, along with other divers on her team, suffers from diving-related health problems such as poor eyesight.

</doc>
<doc id="19084450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084450" title="Wybalenna Island">
Wybalenna Island

Wybalenna Island comprises four round granite islands with a combined area of about 16 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of Tasmania’s Prime Seal Island Group, lying in eastern Bass Strait west of Flinders in the Furneaux Group. The island is a conservation area
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater, White-faced Storm-Petrel, Pacific Gull, Silver Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Black-faced Cormorant. The Metallic Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19084452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084452" title="Shawn Johnson">
Shawn Johnson

Shawn Machel Johnson (born January 19, 1992) is a retired American artistic gymnast. She is the 2008 Olympic balance beam gold medalist and team, all-around and floor exercise silver medalist.
Johnson became a member of the U.S. senior team in 2007. She is the 2007 individual all-around World Champion and 2007 World Champion on floor exercise. As well as being the 2007 U.S. Champion on balance beam and floor exercise, the 2008 U.S. Champion on floor exercise and silver medalist on balance beam, she is a three-time U.S. all-around Champion, winning once as a junior and twice as a senior.
Johnson announced her retirement from gymnastics on June 3, 2012.
In February 2009, Johnson was the winner of "Dancing with the Stars" – season eight, and in September 2012, came in second place on the all-star edition.
Personal life.
Johnson was born in Des Moines, Iowa, the daughter of Doug and Teri Johnson. Her parents enrolled her in a gymnastics class at age three after they noticed her climbing cabinets and jumping off tables. At age six, Johnson was one of Liang Chow's first students when he opened a gymnastics school in West Des Moines. She is a devout Christian.
Johnson attended Valley High School. She was on the honor roll, and liked to attend football games, and dances. Through 2008, Johnson maintained a more balanced lifestyle than typical of elite female gymnasts. She limited her gymnastics training to 25 hours per week, as opposed to the more typical 40 hours.
Johnson left public school in the spring of 2009. She and her mother relocated to Los Angeles, California before appearing on "Dancing With the Stars". As of 2010, she finished high school with a private tutor. As of fall 2013, she is enrolled at Vanderbilt University studying sports psychology and nutrition.
Gymnastics career.
Junior career.
Pre-elite.
When she was 12, Johnson competed in the Junior Olympics (U.S. Level 10) National Championships, finishing fourth in the all-around, first on beam, and second on floor.
As a youngster, Johnson was not scouted by USAG, and her coach, Chow, had no interactions with the national staff. In 2005, Chow reached out to the National Team Coordinator, Marta Karolyi, sending her a video of Johnson with the comment "I believe this kid will help the US team." Karolyi felt the action was audacious, "Wow, this coach is pretty confident", but she soon invited Johnson to national team training camps.
Junior elite.
Johnson qualified Junior International Elite on her first attempt. She attracted widespread attention at the 2005 U.S. Classic, where she placed third. At the 2005 U.S. National Championships, Johnson fell from the beam on the first day of competition and finished tenth all-around.
In 2006, Johnson added several new tricks, including a Jaeger on bars, and two top-difficulty (G) skills, a full-in back-out dismount off beam and a double-twisting double back on floor. She won the 2006 U.S. Junior National All-Around Championship with a score higher than any of her senior elite competitors.
Senior career.
2007: pre-Worlds.
Johnson became a senior in 2007 and continued to show new skills, including a double-twisting double layout dismount off the uneven bars. She competed at the 2007 Tyson American Cup, winning the all-around over teammate Natasha Kelley. Johnson also competed in the 2007 Pan American Games, winning four gold medals (team, all-around, beam and bars) and a silver on floor.
Johnson won the all-around at the 2007 Visa U.S. National Championships, beating Shayla Worley by more than three points. Johnson also finished more than five points ahead of two-time National Champion Nastia Liukin, in the first of a series of face-offs over the next two years.
2007 Pan American Games.
Johnson took part in 2007 Panamerican Games. She won the team title, the all-around title, the balance beam title and the uneven bars title. She was the silver medalist on floor.
2007 World Championships.
Johnson represented the U.S. at the 2007 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships along with Nastia Liukin, Shayla Worley, Alicia Sacramone, Ivana Hong and Samantha Peszek.
In prelims (qualification), Johnson scored 16.250 on beam, 15.150 on floor, 15.175 on vault, and (with a fall on her dismount) 14.625 on bars. The U.S. finished first in prelims and Johnson qualified to the all-around, beam and floor finals.
Johnson performed all four events in the team finals; the only U.S. athlete to do this. Johnson scored 15.375 on bars and floor, and 15.150 on vault. She fell on the beam on her handspring-handspring-layout series and scored 15.025. The team won gold with 184.400 points, 0.950 ahead of silver-medal China. It was the second U.S. team gold in the World Championships.
In the all-around finals, Johnson scored a 15.175 on vault, 15.375 on bars, 15.900 on beam and 15.425 on floor. Her 61.875 total made her the fourth American woman to win the all-around gold medal.
During event finals, Johnson first competed on the balance beam, where she fell on her standing full and on her switch side leap, scoring a 14.475 and finishing last. In floor exercise, she went out-of-bounds on her first tumbling pass, but won the gold with a 15.250, just eclipsing teammate Sacramone.
2008: pre-Olympics.
Johnson competed again in the American Cup on March 1, 2008 in Madison Square Garden. On vault, she fell on her Amanar vault, scoring a 15.175. She stated that her attempt to "stick" the vault caused the fall. On the other apparatus, she scored 15.625 on bars, 16.325 on beam, and 15.975 on floor. Although Johnson scored first on the vault, balance beam, and floor, she finished second in the all-around. Nastia Liukin won gold with an uneven bars score nearly a point higher than Johnson.
One week later, Johnson represented the U.S. in Jesolo, Italy against Italy, Spain, and Poland, along with Jana Bieger, Olivia Courtney, Chelsea Davis, Bridget Sloan, and Samantha Peszek. The U.S. won the junior and senior all-around team titles. Johnson won the all-around with a 61.7, earning the highest scores on vault (15.2), beam (16.2), and floor (15.0). Johnson finished first on floor, despite falling, on her double-double mount.
On June 7, 2008, Johnson won the 2008 U.S. Visa Championships. Johnson scored 127.5, winning the all-around title by one point ahead of Liukin. Johnson also won the floor exercise.
Two weeks later, Johnson won the all-around at the Olympic Trials in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, again finishing ahead of Liukin. Because of their top placements, Johnson and Liukin were named to the 2008 U.S. Olympic gymnastics team immediately after the Trials. The other four 2008 team members earned their spots after two additional selection camps.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Johnson competed in all four events during the team competition, in which the United States won the silver medal. Johnson also won the silver medal in the individual all-around competition, receiving a score of 62.725. Johnson's teammate and roommate at the Olympic Village, Nastia Liukin, won the gold medal, receiving a score of 63.325. With Liukin taking gold and Johnson silver, this competition was the first time that the United States Women's Gymnastics team took both the gold and silver medals in the individual all-around competition; this competition also marks the fourth time a country won both gold and silver medals in the individual all-around competition.
She won the silver medal in floor exercise, with teammate Liukin taking bronze. She won a gold medal on the balance beam apparatus. Like the individual all-around, she and Liukin took the top two medals in this event.
Comeback.
In January 2010, Johnson tore her left ACL while skiing. She had reconstructive knee surgery the following month.
In May 2010, Johnson announced her return to gymnastics training with a goal of making 2012 U.S. Olympic team.
In August 2010, Johnson communicated that her knee recovered to allow full training and that she had learned a new difficult skill.
In September 2010, Johnson released videos showing the following skills (training status):
In November 2010, Johnson entered her first post-Olympics National Team Training Camp. Although she had expected to return to the "ranch" later in her comeback, based on the demonstrated progress in her video, Martha Karolyi requested that she appear sooner. Johnson mentioned that her reconstructed knee still hindered high training volume.
In February 2011 Johnson became an official member of the USA Senior National team once again which allowed her to compete in international competitions. She stated that she wished to return to competition later in 2011.
In September 2011 Johnson was named a non-traveling alternate to the 2011 USA Women's World Championships Team.
In October 2011 Johnson was named to the 2011 Pan American Games Team. She won a gold medal in the team competition and also a silver medal for her performance on the uneven bars.
Retirement.
On June 3, 2012, Johnson ended her comeback for the 2012 Olympic team and retired because of continuing problems with her left knee.
Honors.
Johnson was one of two female athletes to appear on AOL's 100 most searched females on the Internet for 2009, ranked 27th.
A scientific poll commissioned by Forbes magazine concluded Johnson was "America's Most-Liked Sports Figure" in 2009.
Johnson was also on the top of most appealing athletes on E-score Celebrity metric in 2010, and she was ranked seventh of America's Favorite Female Sports Stars on Harris Interactive in 2010.
ESPN announced Johnson's nominations for the 2009 "Best Female U.S. Olympian" Johnson won an ESPY for "Best Female U.S. Olympian" and "Athlete – Female" Teen Choice Award, the latter for the second consecutive year.
On April 15, 2009, Johnson was awarded the prestigious AAU James E. Sullivan Award. The annual award honors the USA athlete who best represents "the qualities of leadership, character, sportsmanship, and the ideals of amateurism."
Johnson ranked fifth in the Associated Press' 2008 Female Athlete of the Year voting.
Johnson was the winner of the 2008 Teen Choice Award for best female athlete, although she was not able to accept the honor in person because of Olympic training commitments. She was the first gymnast to be nominated for the award.
A life-sized bronze sculpture of Johnson honors the gymnast at the Iowa Hall of Pride in Des Moines.
On September 7, 2007, Johnson received the "Longines Prize for Elegance" in Stuttgart, Germany along with Japan's Hiroyuki Tomita. The prize is given in recognition of athletes who demonstrate remarkable elegance in the course of an international competition at world level; the decision was unanimous. In addition to the trophy, designed by the Swiss artist Piero Travaglini, recipients also receive a wristwatch from the Longines Evidenza collection and a check for $5,000.
Following Johnson's World Championship performances in 2007, Governor Chet Culver of Iowa proclaimed October 17 "Shawn Johnson Day" in the state.
On 15 August 2013 Johnson, along with her 2007 Worlds team teammates, was inducted into the USA Gymnastics Hall of Fame.
In popular culture.
"Dancing with the Stars".
In February 2009, Johnson became a celebrity competitor on ABC's "Dancing with the Stars" season eight, partnered with season six winner, professional dancer Mark Ballas. In the finale, tightest in the show's history, Johnson beat Gilles Marini by less than 1%. She is the youngest champion in show's history (and was the youngest contestant until Zendaya in season 16).
In April 2009, she appeared in the music video "Do You Love Me" by Ballas Hough Band wearing one of her "Dancing with the Stars" costumes. Later, she reunited with one of the show hosts, Tom Bergeron, at the "82nd Scripps National Spelling Bee" to discuss her victory.
On September 24, 2012, Johnson again became a contestant on "Dancing with the Stars", on the all-star edition (season 15). Her partner this time was three-time champion Derek Hough. The team of Johnson and Hough came in 2nd place to Melissa Rycroft and Tony Dovolani, which aired on November 27, 2012. During the finale, Len Goodman called Johnson ""The No-Stress Express"", stating that every piece that was thrown at her, she pulled off with little stress, and turned out a clean performance. In week three, judge Bruno Tonioli called Johnson, and her partner, Derek Hough ""The Incredibles"", after their performance on stage, stating that it was ""The best routine I have seen in 15 seasons in America Dancing with the Stars and 9 in the UK Strictly Come Dancing.
"Dancing with the Stars" performances.
In Season eight, Shawn Johnson and her partner Mark Ballas were crowned the champions.
Shawn Johnson later returned for the All-Stars Season partnered with three-time champion Derek Hough.
Other television appearances.
Johnson has appeared on many talk shows: "The Today Show" (3 times), "CCTV" (August 20, 2008), "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" (August 24, 2008), the "Late Show with David Letterman" (August 25, 2008), "The Oprah Winfrey Show" (September 8, 2008), "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" (4 times), "Live with Regis and Kelly" (October 22, 2008), "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" (May 20, 2009), and "Entertainment Tonight" (23 episodes).
In September 2008, she made a cameo appearance on "The Secret Life of the American Teenager" season one episode "Just Say No". She made a second appearance in the series, in the season two episode, "Just Say Me", which aired January 25, 2010.
Johnson was a celebrity participant in the 2009 Taco Bell All-Star Legends Celebrity Softball Game which aired on ESPN, July 13, 2009.
On August 13, 2009, she appeared on the celebrity edition of "Who Wants to be a Millionaire". She correctly answered a question about the lyrics to “Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer” winning $50,000 for her chosen charity, Blank Children’s Hospital.
Johnson judged the 2010 Miss America pageant.
In September 2013, Johnson was a guest star on the revival of "Whose Line Is It Anyway?".
Public appearances.
Johnson led the Pledge of Allegiance on August 28, 2008 at the 2008 Democratic National Convention.
On July 27, 2009, Johnson led the seventh-inning stretch at Wrigley Field.
Gymnastic tours.
From September to November 2008, Johnson was a marquee member of The Tour of Gymnastics Superstars. Recorded sections of the tour's second show were included in "Frosted Pink with a Twist", which is a television special about women's cancers (Johnson has a grandmother who is a cancer survivor). The television special also featured singers Jesse McCartney, Kenny Loggins, and Grammy Award singers Cyndi Lauper and Carole King. Johnson also headlined the Progressive Skating and Gymnastics Spectacular in Rapid City, South Dakota, on December 23, 2008. The show aired nationally on NBC on January 18, 2009.
Book.
In December 2008, Johnson unveiled a book, "Shawn Johnson: Olympic Champion: Stories Behind the Smile" (ISBN 978-1-934417-01-0), chronicling her life story through personal photographs and quotes.
In June 2012, Johnson released another book, "Winning Balance", about her experiences as an elite gymnast and post-olympic life.
Advertisements.
Midwest grocery chain Hy-Vee, headquartered in Johnson's hometown of West Des Moines, ran a television ad before and during the Olympics featuring Johnson. After the Olympics, Johnson appeared in television ads and online campaigns for Ortega ("Ortega makes my taco pop") and McDonalds, as well as print and web advertisements for CoverGirl and Secret deodorant. Johnson also appeared on food packaging for McDonalds, Coca-Cola, Oscar Mayer Lunchables and Hy-Vee products. Reports by Johnson's agent, Sheryl Shade, that Johnson would grace the Wheaties cereal box did not come to fruition. Her likeness did appear on a limited edition Cheerios box in January 2009. In 2011, Johnson signed a sponsorship deal with Nike. Other endorsements included
Other work.
She has served as a spokesperson for the pharmaceutical company Sanofi-Aventis, advocating awareness of women's cancers through the "What You Do Matters" campaign. Johnson has also partnered with Crest toothpaste to promote dental health, passing out toothpaste to low-income people.
Charity work.
Since becoming a professional athlete, Johnson has been involved with numerous charitable causes. In December 2008, Johnson co-hosted a charity event with fellow Iowa native and actor Ashton Kutcher to raise money to repair areas of her home state devastated by flooding. According to her Web site, Johnson also supports the "Exercise Your Character" program through speaking engagements.
Stalking incident.
On March 25, 2009, a stalker was arrested after jumping a fence and sneaking onto the CBS lot. According to court documents filed in Los Angeles, 34-year-old Robert O'Ryan was arrested with the possession of guns, duct tape, zip ties, and love letters to Johnson. O'Ryan left his home in Florida and traveled to California, believing that Johnson spoke to him through the television via ESP, stating that they would be together and have a child. The Johnson family filed a restraining order against O'Ryan. O'Ryan was charged with felony stalking and two counts of carrying a loaded firearm in a vehicle.
Competitive history.
Skills.
As of 2008, Johnson often competed the following skills on each apparatus (from 2005-2008 CoP)
Vault.
Amanar, 6.5 difficulty start value for the vault..
2.5 Twisting Yurchenko (round-off, backhandspring entry, 2.5 twisting layout).
Bars.
6.4 difficulty start value for the routine..
Kip cast to handstand (KCH) on high bar with hop grip change + Straddled Jaeger (D); KCH + Clear Hip 1/2 (C) + Giant 1/1 (C) + Geinger (D); KCH + Clear Hip (C) + Toe-on sole circle 1/1 (Hoefnagel) (D) + Overshoot to handstand (D) + Stalder shoot up to high bar (Ray) (C); KCH + giant + 2/2 Double Layout Dismount (Ray) (G).
Beam.
7.0 difficulty start value for the routine..
Free Jump Mount (A); flip flop two-feet (B) + flip flop two-feet (B) + Layout two-feet (E); Front Pike (E); Full Twisting Tuck Back (F); Switch Split Leap (C) + Layout step-out (C) + Back Pike; Switch Leap with 1/4 turn to straddle (Johnson) (C); Split Jump (A) + Pike Jump (A) + Back Tuck (C); Full Turn with leg held at horizontal (C); Sideward Roll Tucked (B); Round-off (B) + Tucked Full-In Dismount (G).
Floor.
6.4 difficulty start value for the routine..
Round-off + Flip Flop two-feet + Double Tuck 2/2 (Silivas); Round-off + Whip (A) + Back Layout 3/1 (E); Split Leap 1/1 (C); Switch Split Ring Leap (C) + Johnson 1/2 (C); Double Spin with leg below horizontal (B); Front Handspring + Front Layout 1/1 (C) + Front Layout 3/2 (Layout Rudi) (C); Straddle Jump 3/2 (C); Round-off + Back Layout 2/1 (C); Round-off + Flip Flop two-feet + Tucked Full-In (E).

</doc>
<doc id="19084456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084456" title="Samarai Advanced Seaplane Base">
Samarai Advanced Seaplane Base

Samarai Advanced Seaplane Base was a US Navy seaplane base at Samarai Island, Papua New Guinea during World War II.
The advanced seaplane base was built by a detachment of the 84th Naval Construction Battalion (Seabees) with help from members of USS San Pablo (AVP-30), a seaplane tender. The base was built within 42 days and included a ramp, small hangar, apron, barrack accommodation for 270 men and four 1,000 barrel aviation fuel tanks.
The seaplane tenders sailors worked around the clock to fuel, repair, arm, control the seaplanes, feed and care for the PBY Catalina crews.
Operations from the base included attacking enemy shipping along the coasts of New Guinea, New Britain, New Ireland, and the Bismarck Sea. Heavy losses were inflicted upon Imperial Japanese inter-island barge traffic and shipping. The aircraft harassed enemy troops with night bombing and strafing missions, conducted photo intelligence operations, provided air-sea search and rescue support for downed allied pilots and sailors of sunken vessels. They also transported high-ranking officers, friendly coast watchers, and native guerrilla units.
The seaplane base appears to have been abandoned in May 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="19084492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084492" title="2008–09 OFC Champions League">
2008–09 OFC Champions League

The 2008–09 OFC Champions League was the 8th edition of the Oceania Cup, Oceania's premier club football tournament organized by the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC), and the 3rd season under the current OFC Champions League name. The competition consisted of a home and away group stage, followed by a knockout round. It took place from 2 November 2008 until 3 May 2009.
A qualifying round was due to be played, but due to the withdrawal of the representatives from the Cook Islands and Tuvalu, the entrants from Papua New Guinea automatically gained entry to the main draw. It is unknown why the domestic champions of Tahiti and New Caledonia were unable to participate.
The winner of the tournament was Auckland City of New Zealand, who beat Koloale of the Solomon Islands in the two legged final, claiming Oceania’s US$1 million (NZ$1.41 million) berth in the 2009 FIFA Club World Cup in Japan.
Participating teams.
O-League Preliminary.
Under the rules of the OFC Champions League, the winner of the O-League Preliminary competition replaces the last-placed member nation from the previous year's O-League.
Hekari United automatically qualified to the Group Stage following the withdrawal of the representative clubs from Cook Islands and Tuvalu.
Final.
Auckland City won 9 – 4 on aggregate.
The OFC Champions League winner also advances to the qualifying round of the 2009 FIFA Club World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19084500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084500" title="RBL 12 pounder 8 cwt Armstrong gun">
RBL 12 pounder 8 cwt Armstrong gun

The Armstrong Breech Loading 12 pounder 8 cwt, later known as RBL 12 pounder 8 cwt, was an early modern 3-inch rifled breech-loading field gun of 1859.
Design.
The gun incorporated some advanced features for its day. It was one of the first breech-loaders: shell and gunpowder propellant were loaded through the gunner's end of the barrel, rather than through the muzzle as in previous guns, allowing a higher rate of fire. The shells were coated with lead, which engaged spiral grooves cut inside the barrel ("rifling") and caused the shell to spin rapidly in flight and hence imparted far greater accuracy and range than previous guns. The lead coating effectively sealed the gap between shell and barrel and eliminated the wastage of propellant gases, previously known as "windage", and hence only half the amount of gunpowder propellant as previous was required.
The barrel was of wrought iron, "built up" of a tube with additional layers heated and then shrunk over it as they cooled. The result was a "pre-stressed" barrel: the interior of the barrel was under compression from the layers shrunk over it, so that the heat and pressure of firing did not stretch it. Hence the barrel was smaller and lighter than previous guns.
United Kingdom service.
The gun was the British army's first rifled breechloading field gun, superseding the SBML 9 pounder 13 cwt in 1859. The gun as originally adopted had a barrel 84 inches long, with a bore of 73.375 inches. The Royal Navy adopted a version with a 72 inch barrel, with a bore of 61.375 inches, by simply cutting 12 inches off the end, and from 1863 the shorter length was incorporated into a common version for both land and sea use.
Unfortunately, the new technology involved required higher standards of gun maintenance and gunner training than the British army was prepared to provide, with the result that in service the gun had a reputation for unreliability. In 1871 Britain reverted to muzzle-loading guns, which were cheaper and fired much cheaper ammunition, with the RML 9 pounder 8 cwt.
Colony of Victoria service.
The Colony of Victoria (today the State of Victoria, in Australia), sold 6 Armstrong 12-pounders to New Zealand for use in the Māori wars, for a sum of 3,592 pounds 1s 8d with equipment and ammunition. They travelled from Melbourne on 7 November 1863 on the troopship "Himalaya", and arrived in Auckland on 11 November 1863.
The Victorian Government purchased 6 more guns in 1864 to equip its horse artillery; one of these is restored and displayed at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra.
New Zealand Land Wars.
"C" Battery, 4th Brigade Royal Artillery, with six guns, served in New Zealand under Captain H.A. Mercer, in March 1861 in the final stages of the First Taranaki War. Captain Mercer again led this battery in the Second Taranaki War until he died leading an unsuccessful attack on a Maori redoubt at Rangiriri in November 1863. In January 1864 "I" battery, equipped with the "new pattern" of 24-calibres, arrived in New Zealand with another six guns. The guns from Victoria were employed from January 1864 onwards to reinforce "C" and "I" batteries. At the end of the war these guns apparently remained in New Zealand where they were used to equip the militia.

</doc>
<doc id="19084502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084502" title="Michael Phelps">
Michael Phelps

Michael Fred Phelps II (born June 30, 1985) is a retired American swimmer and the most decorated Olympian of all time, with a total of 22 medals. Phelps also holds the all-time records for Olympic gold medals (18, double the second highest record holders), Olympic gold medals in individual events (11), and Olympic medals in individual events for a male (13). In winning eight gold medals at the 2008 Beijing Games, Phelps took the record for the most first-place finishes at any single Olympic Games. Five of those victories were in individual events, tying the single Games record. In the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Phelps won four golds and two silver medals, making him the most successful athlete of the Games for the third Olympics in a row.
Phelps is the long course world recordholder in the 100-meter butterfly, 200-meter butterfly and 400-meter individual medley as well as the former long course world recordholder in the 200-meter freestyle and 200-meter individual medley. He has won a total of 71 medals in major international long-course competition, 57 gold, 11 silver, and three bronze spanning the Olympics, the World, and the Pan Pacific Championships. Phelps's international titles and record-breaking performances have earned him the World Swimmer of the Year Award seven times and American Swimmer of the Year Award nine times as well as the FINA Swimmer of the Year Award in 2012. His unprecedented Olympic success in 2008 earned Phelps "Sports Illustrated" magazine's Sportsman of the Year award.
After the 2008 Summer Olympics, Phelps started the Michael Phelps Foundation, which focuses on growing the sport of swimming and promoting healthier lifestyles. He continues to work with his foundation after the 2012 Olympics, which he has said will be his last.
Early life.
Phelps was born and raised in the Rodgers Forge neighborhood of Towson, Maryland, located just north of Baltimore. Michael is the youngest of three children. His mother, Deborah Sue "Debbie" (née Davisson), is a middle school principal. His father, Michael Fred Phelps, is a retired Maryland state trooper who played football in high school and college and tried out for the Washington Redskins in the 1970s. Phelps's parents divorced in 1994, and his father remarried in 2000. His ancestry includes English, Irish, Scottish, Welsh, and German. Phelps graduated from Towson High School in 2003.
Phelps began swimming at the age of seven, partly because of the influence of his sisters and partly to provide him with an outlet for his energy. When Phelps was in the sixth grade, he was diagnosed with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). By the age of 10, he held a national record for his age group, and Phelps began to train at the North Baltimore Aquatic Club under coach Bob Bowman. More age group records followed, and Phelps's rapid improvement culminated in his qualifying for the 2000 Summer Olympics at the age of 15 and becoming the youngest male to make a U.S. Olympic swim team in 68 years. While he did not win a medal, he did make the finals and finished fifth in the 200-meter butterfly.
At the World Championship Trials for the 2001 World Aquatics Championships, on March 30, Phelps broke the world record in the 200-meter butterfly to become, at 15 years and 9 months, the youngest man ever to set a swimming world record, breaking the record previously held by Ian Thorpe when he lowered the 400-meter freestyle world record at 16 years, 10 months. At the World Championships in Fukuoka, Phelps broke his own world record in the 200-meter butterfly en route to becoming a world champion for the first time.
2002 Pan Pacific championships.
At Nationals, the selection meet for the 2002 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, in Fort Lauderdale, Phelps set an American record in the 200-meter individual medley and was just off the world record in the 200-meter butterfly. In the 400-meter individual medley, Phelps bettered the world record held by Tom Dolan with a time of 4:11.09, just ahead of Erik Vendt, who finished second with a time of 4:11.27, also below the old world record. In the 200-meter freestyle, Phelps was barely beaten by Klete Keller and in the 100-meter butterfly, Phelps beat Ian Crocker.
At the 2002 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Yokohama, Phelps won three gold medals and two silvers. In his first event, the 400-meter individual medley, Phelps won gold ahead of Erik Vendt with a time of 4:12.48. In the 200-meter butterfly, Phelps lost to Tom Malchow, finishing behind him 1:55.41 to 1:55.21. Phelps said he lost because he did not take butterfly training seriously after he broke the world record. In the 200-meter individual medley, Phelps won with a time of 1:59.70. In the 4×200-meter freestyle relay, Phelps, along with Nate Dusing, Klete Keller, and Chad Carvin, won the silver medal with a time 7:11.81 finishing behind Australia. The U.S. 4×100-meter medley relay team consisted of Aaron Peirsol, Brendan Hansen, Phelps, and Ian Crocker. In the final for the medley relay, Phelps swam a 51.1 split, at the time the fastest split in history. The final time of 3:33.48 was a world record.
2003 World championships.
At Nationals, Phelps won the 200-meter freestyle, 200-meter backstroke, and the 100-meter butterfly. He became the first American swimmer to win three different races in three different strokes at a national championship. At the 2003 Duel in the Pool, a meet that pits swimming stars from Australia and the United States, Phelps broke the world record in the 400-meter individual medley with a time of 4:10.73 and almost broke the world record in the 100-meter butterfly, just missing the record by 0.03 seconds. At a meet in Santa Clara, Phelps broke the world record in the 200-meter individual medley with a time of 1:57.94. Phelps said he broke the 200-meter individual medley world record after Don Talbot said Phelps was unproven, using his words as motivation.
At the 2003 World Aquatics Championships, Phelps won four gold medals, two silver medals, and broke five world records. Phelps broke his first world record on July 22 in the semi-finals for the 200-meter butterfly. Phelps swam a 1:53.93 to break his own world record of 1:54.58 set in 2001 and became the first man to swim under 1:54.00. In the final of the 200-meter butterfly, on July 23, Phelps easily won the gold medal, but did not come close to his world record with a time of 1:54.35. Less than an hour later, Phelps swam the lead-off leg for the 4×200-meter freestyle relay. Phelps put up a solid time of 1:46.60 (an American record) but the Americans could not match the depth of the Australians and ultimately finished second 7:10.26 to 7:08.58. In the 200-meter individual medley, Phelps showed complete dominance. On July 24, in the semifinals of the 200-meter individual medley, Phelps broke his own world record with a time of 1:57.52. On July 25, in the final of the 200-meter individual medley, Phelps smashed his own record with a time of 1:56.04 to win the gold medal and finished almost 3 seconds ahead of Ian Thorpe. About an hour before the final of the 200-meter individual medley, Phelps swam in the semifinals of the 100-meter butterfly. Phelps again showed dominance, finishing in the top seed with a world record time of 51.47. However, in the final of the 100-meter butterfly, on July 26, Ian Crocker erased Phelps's world record with a time of 50.98, to become the first man under 51 seconds. Phelps swam a 51.10 (also under his former world record), but had to settle for silver. In the final of the 400-meter individual medley, on July 27, Phelps broke his own world record with a time of 4:09.09 to easily claim the gold medal. About half an hour later, Phelps earned his final gold medal when the United States team won the 4×100-meter medley relay. Phelps did not swim in the finals, but still earned a medal because he swam in the heats.
2004 Summer Olympics.
Trials.
At the 2004 U.S. Olympic Team Trials, Phelps competed in six events; the 200- and 400-medley individual medley, the 100- and 200-meter butterfly, the 200-meter freestyle, and the 200-meter backstroke. In his first event, the 400-meter individual medley, Phelps easily won with a world record time of 4:08.41. Two days later, in the 200-meter freestyle, Phelps won with a time of 1:46.27, finishing sixth-tenths of a second ahead of Klete Keller. Phelps, however, was not pleased with the result and wanted to be in the 1:45s and was uncertain if he would swim the event in Athens. The following day, Phelps won in the 200-meter butterfly with a time of 1:54.31, three seconds ahead of second place finisher Tom Malchow. After two days off, Phelps was back in the pool and finished second to Aaron Peirsol in the 200-meter backstroke. Less than half an hour later, Phelps won the 200-meter individual medley title ahead of Ryan Lochte by 2.70 seconds. The following day, Phelps finished second to Ian Crocker in the 100-meter butterfly. Crocker won in a time of 50.76, a world record and 0.39 seconds ahead of Phelps. When the Trials were over, Phelps became the first person to qualify in six individual events for a U.S. Olympic team. However, Phelps dropped the 200-meter backstroke to focus on the 200-meter freestyle because he wanted to race Ian Thorpe. Even though Phelps didn't compete in the 100-meter freestyle at the Trials, he was still selected for the 4×100-meter freestyle relay. Gary Hall, Jr. thought this was unfair and said Phelps did not deserve a spot on the relay. Phelps argued his program was too crowded to compete in 100-meter freestyle and was at least among the top four swimmers because he had beaten the top-seeded Jason Lezak the last time he had swum against him.
Olympics.
In his first event, the 400-meter individual medley, Phelps won with a world record time of 4:08.26 to win his first Olympic gold medal. The following day, in the 4×100-meter freestyle relay, Phelps, along with Ian Crocker, Neil Walker, and Jason Lezak, finished in third place with a time of 3:14.62. Crocker's lead-off time of 50.05 was the worst among the field and was blamed on sickness. In the event many were calling "The Race of the Century", held the following day, Phelps finished in third place behind Ian Thorpe and Pieter van den Hoogenband in the 200-meter freestyle. Although this race ended the chance to match Spitz's record, Phelps had savored the challenge even though it was not his strongest event, saying "How can I be disappointed? I swam in a field with the two fastest freestylers of all time". In his fourth event, the 200-meter butterfly, held the following day, Phelps finished first with a time of 1:54.04, breaking Tom Malchow's Olympic record. About an hour later, in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay, Phelps, along with Ryan Lochte, Peter Vanderkaay, and Klete Keller, finished in first place with a time of 7:07.33. Two days later, in the 200-meter individual medley, Phelps finished first with a time of 1:57.14, an Olympic record. In the 100-meter butterfly final, held the following day, Phelps defeated American teammate Ian Crocker (who held the world record in the event at the time) by just 0.04 seconds with a time of 51.25. Traditionally, the American who places highest in an individual event will be automatically given the corresponding leg in the 4×100-meter medley relay final. This gave Phelps an automatic entry into the medley relay, but he deferred and Crocker swam instead. Phelps's gesture gave Crocker a chance to make amends as well getting his final shot at a gold medal. The American medley team went on to win the event in world-record time, and, since Phelps had raced in a preliminary heat of the medley relay, he was also awarded a gold medal along with the team members who competed in the final. In winning six gold and two bronze medals, Phelps, still a teenager, had the second-best performance ever at a single Olympics, behind Mark Spitz's seven gold medals in Munich in 1972. Also, he became the second male swimmer ever to win more than two individual titles at a single Games with four, tying Spitz's four from 1972.
2005 World championships.
At the 2005 World Championship Trials, Phelps decided to drop his specialty events, the 400-meter individual medley and the 200-meter butterfly, and experiment with the 400-meter freestyle and the 100-meter freestyle. Phelps went on to win the 400-meter freestyle, the 200-meter freestyle, the 100-meter butterfly, the 100-meter freestyle, and the 200-meter individual medley at the Trials.
At the 2005 World Aquatics Championships, Phelps won a total of six medals, 5 golds and one silver. In the 400-meter freestyle, Phelps did not make it past the preliminary heats and finished 18th overall with a time of 3:50.53. Later that day, in the 4×100-meter freestyle relay, Phelps won his first gold in the Championships. Two days later, on July 26, Phelps won his second gold in the 200-meter freestyle with a new American record time of 1:45.20, finishing ahead of Grant Hackett. Two days later, on July 28, Phelps finished seventh in the 100-meter freestyle final. Later that day, Phelps won his third gold in the 200-meter individual medley. On July 29, Phelps, along with Ryan Lochte, Peter Vanderkaay and Klete Keller, won the gold in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay with a time of 7:06.58. This was the fourth gold medal for Phelps. On July 30, Phelps swam in his last individual event, the 100-meter butterfly. In the final, Phelps could not match the speed of Ian Crocker and had to settle for silver, finishing 51.65 to 50.40. On July 31, Phelps earned his final gold medal when the United States team won the 4×100-meter medley relay. Phelps did not swim in the finals but still earned a medal because he swam in the heats.
2006 Pan Pacific championships.
At the 2006 National Championships, Phelps won a total of three events. In his first event, the 200-meter butterfly, Phelps won with a time of 1:54.32. In his second event, the 100-meter butterfly, Phelps just edged out Ian Crocker 51.51 to 51.73. In his third event, the 200-meter individual medley, Phelps won with a time of 1:56.50, just ahead of Ryan Lochte's time of 1:56.78.
At the 2006 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Victoria, Phelps won five gold medals and one silver. In his first event, the 200-meter butterfly, Phelps won in a world record time of 1:53.80, his first world record in two years. In his second event, the 400-meter individual medley, Phelps easily won with a time of 4:10.47, 3.38 seconds ahead of second place finisher Robert Margalis. In his third event, the 4×200-meter freestyle relay, Phelps, along with Ryan Lochte, Peter Vanderkaay, and Klete Keller, won the gold medal with a time of 7:05.28. In his fourth event, the 200-meter backstroke, Phelps won the silver medal, finishing behind Aaron Peirsol 1:56.81 to 1:54.44. In his fifth event, the 4×100-meter freestyle relay, Phelps, along with Neil Walker, Cullen Jones, and Jason Lezak, won the gold medal with a world-record time 3:12.46. In his sixth event, the 200-meter individual medley, Phelps won with a world record time of 1:55.84, breaking his record of 1:55.94 set in 2003.
2007 World championships.
At the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, Phelps won seven gold medals, tying the record, and broke five world records. Phelps first gold medal came in the 4×100-meter freestyle. Phelps swam the lead-off leg in 48.42 seconds and Neil Walker, Cullen Jones and Jason Lezak each expanded the lead to win in a Championship record of 3:12.72, just missing the world record of 3:12.46 set the previous year. His lead-off time was faster than the winning time in the individual 100-meter freestyle final later in the meet. Phelps set his first world record in the Championships in the 200-meter freestyle, his second race. Phelps won the gold ahead of Pieter van den Hoogenband and broke Ian Thorpe's six-year-old world record with a time of 1:43.86. For his third race, the 200-meter butterfly, Phelps won the gold and bettered his own world record of 1:53.71 with a time of 1:52.09. For his fourth race, the 200-meter individual medley, Phelps set his third world record with a time of 1:54.98, bettering his own world-record time of 1:55.84 For his fifth race, the 4×200-meter freestyle relay, Phelps swam the lead-off leg in 1:45.36 as the American team of Ryan Lochte, Klete Keller, and Peter Vanderkaay went on to win the gold medal and beat the previous world record set by Australia in 2001 with a time 7:03.24. For his sixth race, the 100-meter butterfly, Phelps edged out Ian Crocker 50.77 to 50.82 to win his sixth gold medal. For his seventh event, the 400-meter individual medley, Phelps won the gold medal in a world-record time of 4:06.22, more than 3.5 seconds ahead of Ryan Lochte. By winning seven gold medals, Phelps broke the record of six set by Ian Thorpe at the 2001 World Championships. The 4×100-meter medley relay team would have competed in the final, but received a disqualification for a false start during a changeover in the heats, ending Phelps's chance of eight gold medals.
Even though Phelps competed in the backstroke in international competition only once (at the 2006 Pan Pacific Championships), he was among the best backstroke swimmers in the world. This is illustrated by his personal best times set in 2007, four months after the World Championships. At the US Nationals in Indianapolis on August 1, 2007, Phelps swam a 1:54.65 in the 200-meter backstroke, which was the third fastest of all time in the event, 0.33 of a second off the world record of 1:54.32 held by Ryan Lochte. Two days later Phelps swam a time of 53.01 sec in the 100-meter backstroke, 0.03 of a second short of the world record of 52.98 held by Aaron Peirsol and the second-fastest performance of all time.
In 2007 Phelps swam into the all-time top 3 performances in seven individual events, four of these being world records.
2008 Summer Olympics.
Trials.
At the 2008 U.S. Olympic Team Trials, Phelps competed in six individual events. In his first event, the 400-meter individual medley, Phelps broke his own world record of 4:06.22 with a time of 4:05.25. In his second event, the 200-meter freestyle, Phelps won with a time of 1:44.10, ahead of Peter Vanderkaay's time 1:45.85. In his third event, the 100-meter freestyle, Phelps placed second in his heat with a time of 47.92, ensuring him a spot on the relay. In his fourth event, the 200-meter butterfly, Phelps won with a time of 1:52.20. In his fifth event, the 200-meter individual medley, Phelps broke his own world record of 1:54.98 with a time of 1:54.80. In his sixth and final event, the 100-meter butterfly, Phelps won with a time of 50.89. When asked about his chances of winning eight gold medals in Beijing, Phelps said, "I am going to prepare for that meet just like I do every other meet ... There is only so much I can do in a month and then I am going to prepare myself the best that I can."
Olympics.
Phelps set an Olympic record in the preliminary heats of the 400-meter individual medley. He followed that up in the final by winning the gold medal, as well as breaking his previous world record by nearly two seconds.
Phelps swam the first leg of the 4×100-meter freestyle relay in a time of 47.51 seconds (an American record for the 100-meter freestyle), and won his second gold medal of the 2008 Olympics, as well as setting his second world record of the Olympics (3:08.24). Teammate Jason Lezak, after beginning the anchor leg more than half a body length behind Alain Bernard, managed to finish ahead of the second-place French team by eight hundredths of a second. The top five teams in the final finished ahead of the world record of 3:12.23 set the previous day by the American B team in a preliminary heat.
For his third race, Phelps broke his previous world record in the 200-meter freestyle by nearly a second and won his third gold medal. He also set his third world record at the Olympics, 1:42.96, winning by nearly two seconds over silver medalist Park Tae-Hwan. In this race, Phelps became only the fifth Olympic athlete in modern history to win nine gold medals, joining Mark Spitz, Larisa Latynina, Paavo Nurmi, and Carl Lewis.
The next day, Phelps participated in two finals. In his first event, the 200-meter butterfly, Phelps made it four gold medals and world records in four events by swimming the final in 1:52.03, defeating silver medalist László Cseh by almost seven-tenths of a second despite his goggles' having filled up with water and being unable to "see anything for the last 100 meters. This fourth gold medal was his tenth, and made him the all-time leader for most Olympic gold medals won by an individual in the modern Olympic era. Moreover, Phelps became the first swimmer, male or female, to win three Olympic butterfly titles, after his two titles in the Athens 2004 Olympics. He also became the first swimmer to successfully defend an Olympic butterfly title.
Less than one hour after his gold medal victory in the 200-meter butterfly, Phelps swam the lead-off leg of the 4×200-meter freestyle relay. With Lochte, Ricky Berens, and Peter Vanderkaay, he won his fifth gold and set his fifth world record as the American team finished first with a time of 6:58.56. The Americans were the first team to break the seven-minute mark in the relay, and broke the previous record, set in Melbourne, Australia, by more than four and a half seconds.
After taking a day off from finals (Phelps did swim in qualifying heats), Phelps won his sixth gold of the Beijing Games on August 15 by winning the 200-meter individual medley with a world record time of 1:54.23, finishing ahead of Cseh by over two seconds.
Seventh gold medal.
Before the final of the 100-meter butterfly, Serbian-American swimmer Milorad Čavić caused a minor stir when he said it would be "good" if Phelps lost. "It'd be good for him if he loses. It would be nice if historians talk about Michael Phelps winning seven gold medals and losing the eighth to 'some guy.' I'd like to be that guy", Čavić said. Phelps responded, "When people say things like that, it fires me up more than anything." On August 16, Phelps won his seventh gold medal of the Games in the men's 100-meter butterfly, setting an Olympic record for the event with a time of 50.58 seconds and edging out his nearest competitor Čavić, by one one-hundredth (0.01) of a second.
Unlike all six of his previous events in the 2008 Games, Phelps did not set a new world record, leaving intact Ian Crocker's world-record time of 50.40 seconds, set in 2005.
Phelps's 0.01-second finish ahead of Čavić prompted the Serbian delegation to file a protest. Subsequent analysis of the video by the FINA panel, which required analyzing frames shot 1/10,000th of a second apart, was used to officially confirm Phelps's victory, but the images were not immediately released to the press. The initial refusal by official timekeeper Omega to release underwater photos of the finish also raised questions due to Phelps's sponsorship relationship with Omega. Čavić later wrote in his blog, "People, this is the greatest moment of my life. If you ask me, it should be accepted and we should move on. I've accepted defeat, and there's nothing wrong with losing to the greatest swimmer there has ever been." However, in August 2009, Omega officials stated that while Čavić "for sure" touched the wall first, "Phelps did it more forcefully," thus registering the time first.
Phelps's seventh gold medal of the Games tied Mark Spitz's record for gold medals won in a single Olympic Games, set in the 1972 Olympics. It was also his fifth individual gold medal in Beijing, tying the record for individual gold medals at a single Games originally set by Eric Heiden in the 1980 Winter Olympics and equaled by Vitaly Scherbo at the 1992 Summer Games. Said Phelps upon setting his seventh-straight Olympic record of the Games in as many events, "Dream as big as you can dream, and anything is possible ... I am sort of in a dream world. Sometimes I have to pinch myself to make sure it is real."
All-time record.
On August 17, Phelps won his eighth gold medal in the 4×100-meter medley relay, breaking Mark Spitz's record of seven gold medals won in a single Olympic Games, which had stood since 1972. Phelps, along with teammates Brendan Hansen, Aaron Peirsol, and Jason Lezak, set a new world record in the event with a time of 3 minutes and 29.34 seconds, 0.7 seconds ahead of second-place Australia and 1.34 seconds faster than the previous record set by the United States at the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens. When Phelps dived in to swim the 100-meter butterfly leg, the third leg of the 400-meter medley, the United States had been trailing Australia and Japan. Phelps completed his split in 50.1 seconds, the fastest butterfly split ever for the event, giving teammate Jason Lezak a more than half-second lead for the final leg, which he held onto to clinch the event in world record time. Said Phelps, upon completing the event that awarded him his eighth gold medal and eighth Olympic record in as many events, "Records are always made to be broken no matter what they are ... Anybody can do anything that they set their mind to."
2009 World championships.
At the 2009 National Championships, Phelps drastically shortened his program, swimming in only three individual events. In his first event, the 200-meter freestyle, Phelps won with a time of 1:44.23. In his second event, the 200-meter butterfly, Phelps easily won with a time of 1:52.76, 0.88 seconds ahead of the second place finisher. In his third event, the 100-meter butterfly, Phelps won with a world-record time of 50.22.
At the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, Phelps won a total of 6 medals, 5 golds and 1 silver. In his first event, the 4×100-meter freestyle relay, Phelps swam the lead-off leg in 47.78, well off his 47.51 performance in Beijing, but the American team was able to edge out Russia and France for the gold. For his second race, the 200-meter freestyle, Phelps lost his first race in four years to Germany's Paul Biedermann. Phelps touched second in 1:43.22, but Biedermann smashed Phelps's record of 1:42.96 set in Beijing a year ago with a time of 1:42.00. Phelps took the silver graciously, but coach Bob Bowman threatened to withdraw Phelps from international competition because Bowman claimed Biedermann had an unfair advantage because he was wearing a full polyurethane swimsuit, specifically an Arena X-Glide. Bowman said, "It took me five years to get Michael from 1:46 to 1:42 and this guy has done it in 11 months. That's an amazing training performance. I'd like to know how to do that." Phelps rebounded from this loss and for his third race, the 200-meter butterfly, Phelps won the gold and broke his own world record of 1:52.03 with a time of 1:51.51. For his fourth race, the 4×200-meter freestyle relay, Phelps swam the lead-off leg in 1:44.49 as the team went on to win the gold medal and break the world record set the previous year. After his loss in the 200-meter freestyle, many thought Phelps was vulnerable coming into the final for the 100-meter butterfly. His closest competitor, Milorad Čavić, who wore an Arena X-Glide (the same suit Biedermann beat Phelps with), thought people were making excuses for Phelps because he was wearing an LZR Racer. Čavić even offered to buy Phelps a new suit. For his fifth race, the 100-meter butterfly, Phelps won the gold and became the first man to complete it in under 50 seconds, beating Čavić 49.82 to 49.95. The victory prompted a fierce celebration from Phelps, who sat on the lane rope and pumped his chest and swimsuit. For his final event, the 4×100-meter medley relay, Phelps won his fifth gold medal. Phelps, along with teammates Aaron Peirsol, Eric Shanteau, and David Walters, set a new world record in the event with a time of 3 minutes and 27.28 seconds.
2010 Pan Pacific championships.
At the 2010 National Championships, Phelps competed in five individual events. In the 200-meter freestyle, Phelps won ahead of Ryan Lochte in a time of 1:45.61. About an hour later, Phelps returned to the pool to win the 200-meter butterfly. But Phelps was not happy with his performance and called it the "worst" 200-meter butterfly of his life. In the 100-meter butterfly, Phelps won his 50th national title in 50.65. After the race, Phelps said he was "fairly pleased" with the result. In the 200-meter individual medley, Phelps finished second to Lochte 1:55.94 to 1:54.84. It was the first time Lochte had beat Phelps in a major national meet. In the 200-meter backstroke, Phelps finished in 4th place in 1:56.98.
On the first day of competition at the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, Phelps opted out swimming in the final of the 200-meter freestyle to focus on the 200-meter butterfly. In the 200-meter butterfly, Phelps led from start to finish, coming in first with a time of 1:54.11. Although it was much slower than his 1:51.51 time from the previous year, Phelps had not lost a 200-meter butterfly final since 2002. On day two of the competition, Phelps swam in the heats of the 400-meter individual medley and contributed in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay. In the heats of the 400-meter individual medley, Phelps failed to make the A final, with Lochte and Tyler Clary taking the top two American positions. Phelps did not swim in the B final of the 400-meter individual medley. In the 4×200-meter freestyle relay, Phelps, with Peter Vanderkaay, Ricky Berens, and Lochte, finished first ahead of Japan and Australia. On day three of the competition, Phelps competed in the 100-meter butterfly and contributed in the 4×100-meter freestyle relay. In the 100-meter butterfly, Phelps finished first in a time of 50.86, a championship record. In the 4×100-meter freestyle relay, Phelps, with Lochte, Jason Lezak, and Nathan Adrian, finished first ahead of Australia and South Africa. As the lead-off leg in the 4×100-meter freestyle relay, Phelps set the championship record in the 100-meter freestyle with a time of 48.13. In his final event, Phelps swam in the 4×100-meter medley relay with Aaron Peirsol, Mark Gangloff, and Adrian and finished first ahead of Japan and Australia.
2011 World championships.
In his first event at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, Phelps won bronze in the 4×100-meter freestyle relay with Garrett Weber-Gale, Jason Lezak, and Nathan Adrian. This was Phelps's first bronze in a World Aquatics Championships. Phelps swam the lead-off leg in 48.08, the second-best lead-off in the field behind James Magnussen's 47.49. In his second event, the 200-meter freestyle, Phelps won silver for the second consecutive time at a World Aquatics Championships. This time he finished second to Ryan Lochte in the event with a time of 1:44.79, compared to Lochte's time of 1:44.44. In his third final, the 200-meter butterfly, he won his first gold medal with a time of 1:53.34 to become the first swimmer to win five gold medals in one discipline at the World Aquatics Championships. In his fourth event, the 200-meter individual medley, Phelps again finished second to Lochte in a personal best of 1:54.16, which was 0.16 behind Lochte who swam a new world record. It was Phelps's 30th medal in the World Aquatics Championships. Shortly after completing the semifinals of the 100-meter butterfly, Phelps competed in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay with Peter Vanderkaay, Ricky Berens, and Ryan Lochte. Phelps's team won the gold medal in a time of 7:02.67. Phelps swam the lead-off leg in 1:45.53, the third-best leg in the field. In the 100-meter butterfly, Phelps won his third consecutive title (also winning in 2007 and 2009) and second individual title of the meet with a time of 50.71. In his last event, the 4×100-meter medley relay, Phelps teamed with Nick Thoman, Mark Gangloff, and Nathan Adrian to win gold in a time of 3:32.06. Phelps's butterfly leg of 50.57 was by far the fastest butterfly leg in the field.
2012 Summer Olympics.
Trials.
For the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Phelps originally stated he would never do eight events again, and would instead try new events. Phelps said, "I keep saying I want to go down and start sprinting, but Bob Phelps's coach really isn't so keen on that ... I don't think that's going to happen ... Over the next four years, I'd like to try some different events, maybe not do some of the events I did here." However, at the 2012 United States Olympic Trials, the qualifying meet for the 2012 Summer Olympics, Phelps qualified in the same eight events that he swam in Beijing in 2008. He later dropped the 200-meter freestyle from his program, as he stated he wanted to focus on the 4×100-meter freestyle relay. During the trials, Phelps finished first in the 200-meter freestyle, 100-meter butterfly, 200-meter butterfly, 200-meter individual medley, and second in the 400-meter individual medley. In making his fourth Olympic team, Phelps holds the record for men for the most Olympic appearances in swimming representing the United States.
Olympics.
On July 28, 2012, Phelps placed eighth in the morning prelims. Phelps, the two-time defending Olympic champion, won his 400 IM heat in 4 minutes, 13.33 seconds with a time that was well off his world record of 4:03.84 set four years ago in Beijing, when Phelps won a record eight gold medals. He had just barely out touched second place finisher in his heat Laszlo Cseh by 0.07 seconds. In his first finals of the Summer Olympics, Phelps placed fourth behind fellow American Ryan Lochte, Thiago Pereira of Brazil, and Kosuke Hagino of Japan in the 400-meter individual medley. It was the first time Phelps failed to medal in an Olympic event since 2000. The next night, in his second event of the Games, he got a silver as a member of the 4×100-meter free relay. Phelps swam the fastest leg of the US relay team and the second-fastest of anyone in the race.
On July 31, 2012, Phelps won a silver medal in the 200-meter butterfly behind South African Chad le Clos by only 5/100ths of a second, and a gold medal in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay, thereby equaling and then surpassing Larisa Latynina to become the all-time record holder for most Olympic medals won. Latynina was present at the race and asked to be the presenter of Phelps's medal, but was told that Olympic rules would not allow it. She called Phelps deserving of the record.
On August 2, 2012, Phelps won his 16th Olympic Gold Medal when he edged out Ryan Lochte to win the 200-meter individual medley with a time of 1:54.27, and by that victory also became the first male swimmer to win the same event in three consecutive Olympics. Rebecca Soni and Phelps (twice) are the only swimmers to successfully defend an individual title from the 2008 Games. This win also marked Phelps's fifth Olympic title in the individual medley, breaking the record of four shared by Hungarian Tamás Darnyi and Ukrainian Yana Klochkova.
He repeated the achievement of winning the same event at three Olympics the following evening, winning the Olympic gold medal in the 100 m butterfly, his last individual event. After two very close victories in the 100 m butterfly at the 2004 and 2008 Olympics (by 0.04 and 0.01 sec, respectively), in this race Phelps beat Le Clos and Yevgeny Korotyshkin, who tied for silver, by 0.23 sec.
Phelps's final event was the 4 × 100 metre medley relay in which he went on to win his 18th career gold medal and his 22nd overall. By winning 4 gold and 2 silver medals, Phelps concluded the 2012 Olympics as the most successful swimmer of the meet for the third Olympics in a row.
After his last event, the international swimming federation FINA honored Phelps with an award commemorating his standing as the most decorated Olympian ever.
Testing for performance enhancing drugs.
During the 2008 Olympics, Phelps was questioned by the press as to whether perhaps his feats were "too good to be true", a reference to unsupported rumors that Phelps might be taking performance enhancing drugs. In response, Phelps noted that he had signed up for Project Believe, a project by the United States Anti-Doping Agency in which U.S. Olympians can volunteer to be tested in excess of the World Anti-Doping Agency guidelines. During the Games, Phelps passed all nine tests that were administered to him.
Bob Bowman.
Phelps has trained under Bob Bowman since he was 11 years old. Bowman swam for Florida State University from 1983 to 1985. Phelps has said Bowman reminded him of a drill sergeant because of his disciplined and regimented ways. However, Phelps has said, "Training with Bob is the smartest thing I've ever done ... I'm not going to swim for anyone else." After the 2004 Summer Olympics, Bowman was hired as the head coach for the University of Michigan after Jon Urbanchek retired. Phelps joined Bowman at Michigan to train and attended classes, but did not pursue a degree. Phelps served as a volunteer assistant coach at Michigan. After the 2008 Summer Olympics, Bowman returned to Baltimore as CEO at the North Baltimore Aquatic Club. Phelps also returned to Baltimore with Bowman.
Personal life.
Bob Bowman described Phelps as "a solitary man" with a "rigid focus" at the pool prior to a race, but afterwards "a man incredibly invested in the success of the people he cares about". "He's unbelievably kind-hearted", recounting Phelps's interaction with young children after practices.
Controversies.
In November 2004, at the age of 19, Phelps was arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol in Salisbury, Maryland. He pleaded guilty to driving while impaired the following month and was granted probation before judgment and ordered to serve 18 months' probation, fined $250, obligated to speak to high school students about drinking and driving and had to attend a Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD) meeting. Questioned about the incident later that month by Matt Lauer on the "Today Show", Phelps said it was an "isolated incident" and that he had "definitely let myself down and my family down ... I think I let a lot of people in the country down."
In February 2009, publication of a photograph of Phelps using a water pipe, a device used for smoking tobacco or marijuana, resulted in the loss of Kellogg as a sponsor, as well as a three-month suspension from USA Swimming. Phelps admitted that the photo, taken at a student party at the University of South Carolina, was authentic. Phelps publicly apologized and said his behavior was "inappropriate".
Ian Thorpe.
Phelps idolized Australian Ian Thorpe as a teenager, modelling his public image after him. Thorpe initially said it was highly unlikely for Phelps to win eight gold medals at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. His remarks were used by Phelps, who stuck them on his locker as motivation during the Games. Thorpe was in the stands for the 4×100-meter medley relay, where Phelps was swimming for his eighth Olympic title. When Phelps and his teammates captured the gold, Thorpe gave a congratulatory kiss to Phelps's mother, then gave a handshake and a hug to congratulate Phelps. Thorpe afterwards said "I'm really proud of him not just because he won eight golds. Rather, it's how much he has grown up and matured into a great human being. Never in my life have I been so happy to have been proved wrong. I enjoyed every moment of it." He added, "I just couldn't envision it happening. And I didn't think he would get all eight, not because Michael couldn't win, but because of the competition. It's been a very tough week to get through. I couldn't do it. You couldn't imagine much closer races. The 4×100 free goes down as one of the all-time great races."
Philanthropy.
After the 2008 Olympics, Phelps used his $1 million Speedo bonus to set up the Michael Phelps Foundation. His foundation focuses on growing the sport of swimming and promoting healthier lifestyles.
In 2010, the Michael Phelps Foundation, the Michael Phelps Swim School and KidsHealth.org developed and nationally piloted the "im" program for Boys & Girls Club members. The im program teaches children the importance of being active and healthy, with a focus on the sport of swimming. It also promotes the value of planning and goal-setting. "im" is offered through the Boys & Girls Clubs of America and through Special Olympics International. The Foundation has since developed two other programs, Level Field Fund-Swimming and Caps-for-a-Cause.
The Foundation's largest event is its annual fundraiser, the Michael Phelps Foundation Golf Classic. Phelps stated he hopes to work with Foundation more after he retires from competition following the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Honors and awards.
Phelps was a USA Olympic team member in 2000, 2004, 2008 and 2012, and holds the records for most Olympic gold medals (18), most such medals in individual events (11), and most such medals at a single games (8, in Beijing 2008). A street in his hometown of Baltimore was renamed The Michael Phelps Way in 2004. On April 9, 2009, Phelps was invited to appear before the Maryland House of Delegates and the Maryland Senate, to be honored for his Olympic accomplishments.
Phelps has also received the following awards:
Career best times.
Long course (50 meter pool).
r = relay lead-off
World records.
With 39 world records (29 individual, 10 relay), Phelps set more records than any other swimmer, surpassing Mark Spitz's previous record of 33 world records (26 individual, 7 relay).
All but two of the records were set in a long-course (50-meter) pool; records that currently stand are indicated in bold. Currently, he holds seven world records, not including his records for most Olympic medals and most Olympic gold medals ever won by one person.

</doc>
<doc id="19084503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084503" title="Comisión Nacional para el Conocimiento y Uso de la Biodiversidad">
Comisión Nacional para el Conocimiento y Uso de la Biodiversidad

The National Commission for Knowledge and Use of Biodiversity (CONABIO) is a permanent interdepartmental commission, created in 1992. The President of the commission is the head of the Federal Executive, C. Enrique Peña Nieto. The Technical Secretary is the head of the Secretariat of Environment and Natural Resources (SEMARNAT), C. Juan José Guerra Abud and the heads of the following secretariats also participate: Agriculture, Livestock, Rural Development, Fisheries and Food (SAGARPA), Social Development (SEDESOL), Economy (SE), Public Education (SEP), Energy (Sener), Finance and Public Credit (SHCP), Foreign Affairs (SRE), Health (SSA) and Tourism (Sectur).
CONABIO performs its functions via an operative group that, since its inception, has been led by Dr. José Sarukhán Kermez as National Coordinator. 
The mission of CONABIO is to promote, coordinate, support and carry out activities aimed at increasing awareness of biodiversity and its conservation and sustainable use for the benefit of society. Conabio was conceived as an applied research organization, sponsoring basic research that generates and compiles information regarding biodiversity, developing capacity in the area of biodiversity informatics, and to act as a publicly accessible source of information and knowledge.
CONABIO is an institution that generates information on our natural capital; it is a bridge between academia, government and society that promotes the conservation and management of biodiversity, based on actions taken by local populations. Such local actions must always be a central factor in this process.
Among the main functions of CONABIO are to implement and operate the National Information System on Biodiversity (NISB), as required by article 80, section V of the General Law of Ecological Equilibrium and Environmental Protection. CONABIO provides data, information and advice to various users and implements the national and global biodiversity information networks, complying with international commitments on biodiversity entered into by Mexico, and carries out actions directed towards conservation and sustainable use of biodiversity in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19084526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084526" title="I Belong to You (Nikki Sudden song)">
I Belong to You (Nikki Sudden song)

"I Belong to You" is a 1991 song by Nikki Sudden from the album "The Jewel Thief".The songs were recorded during a brief period when Sudden guested at R.E.M. guitarist Peter Buck's home in Athens, Georgia. According Nikki Sudden, the inspiration for the song came from Roger McGuinn's "King of the Hill" song. The song was later collected on the 2000 compilation "".
Track listing.
All songs written by Nikki Sudden:

</doc>
<doc id="19084625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084625" title="Granville Walton">
Granville Walton

Lieutenant Colonel Granville Walton served as Headquarters Commissioner for Overseas Scouts for The Boy Scouts Association. The Boy Scouts Association encouraged its branches to seek control of the Scout Movement by obtaining statutory monopolies from respective governments. This was the major purpose of the visits by Overseas Commissioners Walton and Alfred Pickford in the 1920s and 1930s.
In 1955, Walton was awarded the "Bronze Wolf", the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting. at the 15th World Scout Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="19084636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084636" title="2009 New York Yankees season">
2009 New York Yankees season

The 2009 New York Yankees season was the 107th season for the New York Yankees franchise. The Yankees opened their new Yankee Stadium on April 3, 2009, when they hosted an exhibition game against the Chicago Cubs. The new stadium hosted its first regular-season game on April 16, when the Yankees played the Cleveland Indians and their first playoff game against the Minnesota Twins in the ALDS on October 7, 2009. The Yankees swept the Twins in three games to win the divisional series. They won their 40th American League pennant on October 25, 2009, defeating the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim in six games to advance to the World Series, where they defeated the Philadelphia Phillies in six games to win their 27th World Series on November 4, 2009. The Yankees finished the regular season with 103 wins and 59 losses. At the end of the season the Yankees won the World Series.
Offseason.
Passing of control.
George Steinbrenner stepped down as the main decision maker for the team on November 20, as Major League Baseball's owners approved passing control to his youngest son, 39-year-old Hal Steinbrenner. The patriarch of the Yankees success over three and a half decades since buying the team from CBS in 1973 had been in failing health, and had been reducing his role in the ownership the last several seasons. Despite his limited role, he remained as a team chairman with his two sons until his death on July 13, 2010.
Offseason departures.
After the Yankees failed to make the playoffs for the first time since 1993, General Manager Brian Cashman made clear that there would be offseason changes. Mike Mussina retired from baseball on November 20, 2008. Infielder Wilson Betemit was traded to the Chicago White Sox in a trade for Nick Swisher on November 13, 2008. The Yankees declined options on first baseman Jason Giambi and starting pitcher Carl Pavano. Giambi went on to sign a one-year deal with the Oakland Athletics on January 1, 2009, and Pavano signed a one-year deal with the Cleveland Indians on January 6, 2009. Right fielder Bobby Abreu signed a one-year contract with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, and catcher Iván Rodríguez signed a one-year pact with the Houston Astros. From those departures, the Yankees shed nearly $89 million from their payroll, enabling them to spend money to fix their team. Furthermore, the Yankees non-tendered the contracts of Chris Britton and Justin Christian, allowing them to become free agents; Britton signed a minor league deal with the San Diego Padres and Christian signed a minor league deal with the Baltimore Orioles.
Offseason acquisitions.
The Yankees began retooling the team, when they acquired first baseman/outfielder Nick Swisher, along with relief prospect Kanekoa Texeira, from the Chicago White Sox for infielder Wilson Betemit, relief prospect Jhonny Núñez and starting pitching prospect Jeff Marquez.
On December 18, 2008, the Yankees announced the signings of starting pitchers CC Sabathia to a 7-year deal worth $161 million and A. J. Burnett to a 5-year deal worth $82.5 million. On January 6, 2009, the Yankees signed first baseman Mark Teixeira to a 8-year deal worth $180 million with a no-trade import. The signings of Sabathia, Teixeira and Burnett filled the Yankees' biggest needs: starting pitching and first base.
On December 22, the Yankees re-signed Chien-Ming Wang to a 1-year deal worth $5 million, avoiding salary arbitration; they would later reach deals with Brian Bruney, Melky Cabrera and Xavier Nady.
On January 26, the Yankees re-signed Andy Pettitte to a 1-year deal worth $5.5 million contract with performance-based incentives.
The Yankees signed starting pitcher Sergio Mitre to a split (minor/major league) contract, and signed former major leaguers such as Justin Leone, Ángel Berroa, Doug Bernier, Jason Johnson, Kevin Cash, John Rodriguez and Todd Linden; they also acquired catcher Chris Stewart from the White Sox for a player-to-be-named later.
In addition, to prevent them from becoming eligible for the Rule 5 draft, they placed starting pitchers Wilkins De La Rosa, Christian Garcia and Michael Dunn, as well as relief pitcher Anthony Claggett, on the 40 man roster.
Coaching changes.
Third base coach and former player Bobby Meacham did not get his contract renewed and special pitching instructor Rich Monteleone was fired as well. Former major leaguer Mick Kelleher was hired as the new first-base coach, with Tony Pena moving to bench coach, and Rob Thomson moving to third-base coach.
Controversies.
In early 2009, before spring training, third baseman Alex Rodriguez admitted to using steroids while playing for the Texas Rangers during the 2001–2003 seasons. This happened right before a hip injury to Rodriguez, and that stopped his playing time from early March until mid-May. A-Rod would come back with a bang, having a 3-run homer on the first pitch he had seen since early spring training.
Former manager Joe Torre, who at the time was managing with the Los Angeles Dodgers, published a book called "The Yankee Years" about his time in New York that criticized Steinbrenner, Cashman, and Rodriguez, among others.
Midseason transactions.
The Yankees traded prospects Eric Fryer and Casey Erickson for OF/3B Eric Hinske of the Pittsburgh Pirates.
They traded a player to be named later for Colorado Rockies minor leaguer Jason Hirsh.
Hours before the trading deadline, the Yankees traded catching prospect Chase Weems to the Cincinnati Reds for 3B Jerry Hairston, Jr.
On August 7, 2009, the Yankees also traded for P Chad Gaudin for a player to be named later.
They have signed several minor league free agents throughout the season such as Russ Ortiz, Josh Towers, Brian Peterson and Yurendell de Caster. They also released players such as Jason Johnson and Justin Leone. Todd Linden was sold to a Japanese League team per his request.
Preseason.
In March, Alex Rodriguez was diagnosed a hip injury and underwent surgery, sidelining him for 6 to 9 weeks. The Yankees announced that journeyman Cody Ransom would start the season as the third baseman; Ramiro Peña was assigned the back-up infielder spot.
Regular season.
April.
Playing at Camden Yards, the Yankees lost the first two games of the season due to poor performances by starters CC Sabathia and Chien-Ming Wang, though they rebounded to take the third game of the series as well as win the next two series they played against the Kansas City Royals and defending AL East Champions Tampa Bay Rays. On April 16, the Yankees played the first game in their new Yankee Stadium, but they lost the game because of a shaky bullpen. They won the next game to split their first series at the ballpark. The Yankees were swept later in the month by the rival Boston Red Sox in three games at Fenway Park.
May.
In his first game back from the disabled list on May 8, Alex Rodriguez hit a three-run home run on the first pitch he saw of the season, giving the Yankees a 3-0 lead in a game they would go on to win 4-0 with the help of a four-hit shutout by Sabathia. On May 15, 16 and 17, the Yankees had three consecutive walk-off wins against the Twins, including a home run by Rodriguez in his first series at the new Yankee Stadium.
Late in the month, Phil Hughes, who had struggled as a starter, was moved to the bullpen. His addition stabilized the bullpen and helped to turn it from a liability to a strength, as he posted a stellar 1.40 ERA as a reliever, serving as a highly effective eighth-inning set-up man for closer Mariano Rivera.
June.
On the first day of June, the Yankees set a Major League record with 18 consecutive errorless games. Late in the month, the Yankees struggled in interleague play, losing two of three to the Nationals and Marlins, falling to five games back in the division. When the Yankees lost the first game of a three-game series against the Atlanta Braves, Yankee GM Brian Cashman flew down to Atlanta to motivate the team in a closed-door meeting. Initially, his words seemed to do little, as in the next game (6/24), the Yankees were being no-hit through six innings. After Brett Gardner walked and was picked off at first base - a borderline call by umpire Bill Welke - Joe Girardi protested and was ejected from the baseball game by Welke. The next batter, rookie catcher Francisco Cervelli, hit his first big-league home run to tie the game at 1, and the Yankees went on to win the game 8-4. Many sports analysts viewed this game as a major turning point in the Yankees' season.
July.
The Yankees emerged on a hot streak after the All-Star break, winning eight consecutive games. This included sweeps of Detroit and Baltimore.
August.
The Yankees took control of the best record in baseball, highlighted by a four-game sweep of their archrivals the Boston Red Sox from August 6–9, including a game that was scoreless until the bottom of the fifteenth inning, ending on a walk-off home run by Alex Rodriguez. The sweep also gave the team a stranglehold over the American League East and for the rest of the season, no other team would come within five games of first place.
September.
Derek Jeter became the all-time hits leader as a member of the Yankees (2,722), passing Lou Gehrig on September 11, 2009. The hit was a single off Baltimore Orioles pitcher Chris Tillman in the 3rd inning.
On September 22, 2009, after defeating the Los Angeles Angels, the Yankees became the first team to clinch a playoff spot for the 2009 MLB post-season. By beating the Boston Red Sox on September 27, the Yankees won their one-hundredth game of the season, and clinched the American League East Division title. This win proved especially significant because the Yankees had started out the season 0-8 against their rivals in Boston, and they ended up splitting the season series 9-9.
October.
On October 4, Alex Rodriguez hit a three run home run, the 243rd home run of the team's season to date, breaking the team's previously set record in 2004 of 242. Later in the same inning he hit a grand slam, breaking the American League record for most RBI in one inning by a single player, setting it at seven (7). The last two at-bats of Rodriguez's season allowed him to finish with 30 home runs and 100 RBI.
Season standings.
135-27
Postseason.
ALDS.
The Yankees defeated the Minnesota Twins in the Division Series, 3 games to 0. The two teams previously met in the 2003 and 2004 Division Series, with the Yankees winning both series in four games.
The Yankees won Game 1 behind a strong start from CC Sabathia, a pivotal two-run home run by Derek Jeter, two huge RBI singles by Alex Rodriguez and a two-run homer by Hideki Matsui.
Trailing 3-1 in the bottom of the 9th inning of Game 2, Alex Rodriguez hit a game-tying two-run homer off Twins closer Joe Nathan. David Robertson escaped a bases-loaded, no out jam in the Top of the 11th, and Mark Teixeira lined a walk-off home run off José Mijares to lead off the bottom half to give the Yankees a 4-3 win.
Former Yankee Carl Pavano threw shutout ball through 6 innings in Game 3 in what would turn out to be the final baseball game ever played at Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome. However, in the top of the 7th, Rodriguez and Jorge Posada each hit a home run to give the Yankees a 2-1 lead. In the bottom of the 8th, the Twins' Nick Punto made a wide turn at 3rd base after a Denard Span infield single with no one out, and was thrown out attempting to retreat back, killing the Twins' threat. The Yankees tacked on two insurance runs in the top of the 9th, and Mariano Rivera shut the door in the 9th to give the Yankees their first postseason series victory since the 2004 ALDS. 
Rodriguez played a pivotal role in the Division Series, hitting two home runs (both of which were game-tying), batting .455 (5-for-11), and collecting 6 RBI. Before 2009, Rodriguez had only 4 postseason home runs in a Yankee uniform, and hadn't batted above .300 in a postseason since 2004.
ALCS.
The Yankees defeated the Los Angeles Angels in six games in the ALCS. This marks the franchise's 40th American League pennant, and the first time the Yankees have defeated the Angels in a postseason series. Yankees ace CC Sabathia was named ALCS MVP, with a 2–0 record in two starts against the Angels, and posting an ERA of 1.13.
Sabathia hurled 8 brilliant innings in a Game 1 4-1 Yankee victory, helped by three uncharacteristic Angels errors.
In a classic Game 2, the score remained tied at 2 heading to the 11th inning. In the top half, Chone Figgins broke out of his postseason slump by blooping an RBI single to left field to score Gary Matthews, Jr. to give the Angels a 3-2 lead. However, in the bottom half, Alex Rodriguez lined a home run into the short right-field porch off Angels closer Brian Fuentes to tie the game at 3. In the bottom of the 13th, Maicer Izturis threw away a potential double play ball from Melky Cabrera to score Jerry Hairston, Jr. with the winning run, giving the Yankees a 2-0 series lead.
The Angels returned the favor in Game 3 with a walk-off win of their own. Vladimir Guerrero hit a huge game tying two-run homer off Andy Pettitte with two out in the bottom of the 6th, and Jeff Mathis laced a game-winning RBI double in the bottom of the 11th to win the game for the Angels, 5-4. This came after a controversial decision from manager Joe Girardi to lift David Robertson for Alfredo Aceves with two out and no one on in the 11th. Aceves served up a single to Howie Kendrick, followed by the Mathis double. Four solo home runs accounted for the Yankees' scoring, hit by Derek Jeter, Rodriguez, Johnny Damon and Jorge Posada.
Sabathia threw 8 more brilliant innings in Game 4, this time on three-days' rest. Melky Cabrera sparked the Yankees with four RBIs, including a two-run single in the 4th. Rodriguez added a two-run homer, tying a postseason record with RBIs in eight consecutive games. Damon put the game away with a two-run homer in the 8th, and the Yankees won 10-1, putting them one win away from their 40th American League pennant.
A. J. Burnett allowed four runs before recording an out in the bottom of the first inning of Game 5, but settled down soon thereafter. The Yankees rallied for 6 runs with two outs in the top of the 7th inning, including a 3-run double by Mark Teixeira, a game-tying single by Hideki Matsui, and a two-run triple by Robinson Canó. However, in the bottom half, the Angels rallied for 3 runs of their own to regain a 7-6 lead. Phil Hughes allowed a game-tying RBI single by Guerrero and a go-ahead RBI single to Kendry Morales. The Yankees threatened in the top of the 9th, but with two out and the bases loaded, Fuentes induced Nick Swisher to pop out to shortstop Erick Aybar on a 3-2 pitch to send the series back to New York.
In Game 6, Damon sparked the Yankees with a 2-run single in the bottom of the 4th to give the Yankees a lead that they would not relinquish. Pettitte hurled 6 strong innings, allowing only one earned run. Mariano Rivera came on in the 8th for a 6 out save, but allowed an RBI single to Guerrero to make it a 3-2 Yankee lead. It was the first postseason run allowed by Rivera at home since 2000, and the only one he would give up in the 2009 postseason. In the bottom half, errors by Kendrick and Scott Kazmir gave the Yankees two insurance runs, and Rivera shut the door in the 9th to give the Yankees their 40th American League pennant.
World Series.
The Yankees beat the Philadelphia Phillies in the 2009 World Series, 4 games to 2. The Phillies were playing for their second consecutive World Series title and 3rd overall, and the Yankees won their first title since 2000, and 27th overall. The two teams' previous postseason meeting came in the 1950 World Series, with the Yankees sweeping the Phillies. After Jimmy Rollins predicted that the Phillies would win the series in five games or "six if they were nice", the Yankees went on to win the series in six.
Cliff Lee shut down the Yankees in a complete game 6-1 victory for the Phillies in Game 1, but the Yankees responded in Game 2 with a 3-1 win. Mark Teixeira and Hideki Matsui homered off Pedro Martínez, and A. J. Burnett pitched 7 great innings.
The Yankees won Game 3 behind 6 gritty innings from Andy Pettitte, coupled with the first instant replay-overturned home run in World Series history by Alex Rodriguez and homers from Nick Swisher and Matsui.
In Game 4, the Yankees carried a 4-3 lead into the 8th inning. But with two out and no one on, Pedro Feliz lined a solo home run to left off Joba Chamberlain on a 3-2 pitch to tie the game. However, in the top of the 9th, Johnny Damon grinded out a 9 pitch at bat with two outs off Phillies closer Brad Lidge, lining a single to left center field. Damon then stole second base, and with the infield overshift on with Teixeira batting, Damon alertly stole an unoccupied third base. After Teixeira was hit by a pitch, Alex Rodriguez lined a double down the left field line to give the Yankees a 5-4 lead. Jorge Posada added two insurance runs thereafter, and Mariano Rivera pitched a perfect 9th to put the Yankees one win away from winning the series.
Burnett imploded in Game 5, allowing six earned runs in only two innings pitched. The Yankees rallied late, but fell short as the Phillies sent the series back to The Bronx with an 8-6 win.
Matsui earned the World Series MVP award with a performance for the ages in Game 6. He became only the second player in baseball history to collect six RBIs in a World Series game, finishing a triple short of the cycle. This included a 2-run home run in the 2nd, a 2-run single in the 3rd, and a 2-run double in the 5th. Matsui finished the series with a .615 batting average with 3 home runs and 8 RBIs. Pitching on three-days' rest, Pettitte earned his 4th win of the postseason, becoming the first pitcher in baseball history to start and win the clinching game of all rounds in a single postseason (Derek Lowe did the same in 2004 but with one of his wins coming in relief). Rivera recorded the final five outs to give the Yankees their 27th World Series Championship, by far the most in the history of baseball and the most in North American sports.
Player stats.
Batting.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; BB = Walks; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen bases"
Pitching.
"Note: W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; CG = Complete games SV = Saves; IP = Innings pitched; R = Runs allowed; ER = Earned runs allowed; BB = Walks allowed; K = Strikeouts" 
Farm system.
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Tampa, Staten Island

</doc>
<doc id="19084640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084640" title="Bertie Milliner">
Bertie Milliner

Bertie Milliner (17 July 191130 June 1975) was an Australian trade unionist, politician and Senator, representing the Australian Labor Party (ALP). He would have been a minor figure in Australia’s political history but for the events that followed his sudden death. These circumstances contributed to the 1975 Australian constitutional crisis, which culminated in the dismissal of the Prime Minister, Gough Whitlam, by the Governor-General, Sir John Kerr.
Biography.
Bertie Richard Milliner was born at Kelvin Grove, Brisbane. He attended the local state school, served an apprenticeship as a compositor at the Queensland Government Printing Office and became a linotype-operator. On 26 March 1938 he married Thelma Elizabeth Voght, a schoolteacher.
He joined the Queensland Printing Employees' Union and was elected in 1934 to the board of management. A delegate to the Trades and Labor Council of Queensland, he was a member of the executive (from 1952) and treasurer (1960–67). As trade-union adviser on the Australian delegations, he travelled to Geneva to attend the thirty-seventh (1954) and forty-eighth (1964) sessions of the International Labour Conference.
Milliner represented Small Unions (1947–50) and his own union (from 1950) on the Queensland central executive of the ALP. An active and influential State party manager, he chaired the rules committee, held office as vice-president for a term, and was president in 1963-68. At the meeting called in April 1957 to consider the situation of the then Labor Premier of Queensland, Vince Gair, he moved that there be further negotiations before the premier's expulsion from the ALP was discussed; when his proposal was rejected, he voted with the TLC group to expel Gair.
Milliner was a competent chairman who tried to achieve unity, to broaden the party's electoral base, and to encourage the involvement of women and the young. His leadership proved decisive in winning party support in Queensland for Gough Whitlam in his confrontation with the ALP's federal executive in February 1966.
In 1962 Milliner had unsuccessfully sought party nomination as one of two candidates to be considered by the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for a casual vacancy in the Senate. At the 1967 election he won a seat in the Senate. His term began on 1 July 1968. He sat on ten parliamentary committees and in 1974 was appointed temporary Chairman of Committees in the Senate.
Death and replacement.
Bertie Milliner died suddenly of a heart attack on 30 June 1975 in his Brisbane office. The question of his replacement then arose. It had been a previously unbroken convention that when a casual vacancy arose through the resignation or death of a senator mid-term, the relevant state parliament would replace the senator with a nominee chosen by the departed senator's political party. The ALP provided one name to Queensland Premier Joh Bjelke-Petersen - that of Mal Colston. Bjelke-Petersen asked for a list of three names, which the ALP refused to supply. He then chose as Milliner’s replacement Albert Field, who was nominally a member of the Labor Party but was openly critical of the Whitlam government. The Queensland Legislative Assembly duly appointed Field to the vacancy. The ALP immediately expelled Field from the party on the grounds that he accepted an appointment contrary to its wishes, and challenged his appointment in the High Court on the grounds that he was still technically employed by the Queensland Public Service (an office of profit under the Crown) at the time of his acceptance of the appointment - he had resigned, but without giving the required two weeks' notice. He was on leave from the Senate for his entire term, and the Opposition coalition chose not to provide a pair (a convention whereby, when a senator is absent for reasons beyond their control, the opposing party arranges for one their senators not to vote in divisions). Consequently, the numbers in the Senate were weighted against Labor. This was one of the factors that enabled the Senate to block the Whitlam government’s Supply bills, which in turn led to the government's dismissal.
Milliner's son Glen was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland 1977-98.

</doc>
<doc id="19084670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084670" title="Stan Lee (disambiguation)">
Stan Lee (disambiguation)

Stan Lee (born 1922) is an American comics creator.
Stan Lee may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19084671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084671" title="Paul Richards (actor)">
Paul Richards (actor)

Paul Richards (November 23, 1924 - December 10, 1974) was an American actor who appeared in films and on television in the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s.
Career.
He guest-starred in a number of classic television western series such as "The Rifleman", "Have Gun–Will Travel", "Zorro", "Johnny Ringo", "The Rebel", "Black Saddle", "Gunsmoke", "Bonanza", "Rawhide", and "The Virginian". One of Richards' most memorable appearances came in the very first "Gunsmoke" episode, entitled "Matt Gets It," broadcast on CBS on September 10, 1955, as the first antagonist to outdraw and nearly kill Marshal Matt Dillon. He made additional guest appearances in 1956, 1958, and 1968, respectively.
Richards guest-starred three times in 1956 on the NBC western anthology series "Frontier", having portrayed Louis Rose in "The Texicans", John Webb in "The Big Dry", and Will Shaw in "The Salt War". He guest-starred in Brian Keith's first series, "Crusader", a Cold War drama. Richards appeared twice on the ABC and later syndicated western series "Tombstone Territory", starring Pat Conway and Richard Eastham, in the episodes "Thicker than Water" (1958) and "The Noose That Broke" (1959). Richards was cast as Bret Younger in the episode "The Desperado" (1957) on the ABC western series, "Broken Arrow".
He also appeared in the syndicated series, "Sheriff of Cochise", a crime drama starring John Bromfield set in Arizona, and "The Silent Service", a drama based on true stories of the submarine section of the United States Navy. He was a guest star on Kenneth Tobey's "Whirlybirds", a syndicated aviation adventure series. He appeared on three other syndicated crime dramas, "Sheriff of Cochise" and "U.S. Marshal", both starring John Bromfield, and "The Brothers Brannagan", with Stephen Dunne and Mark Roberts. He made guest appearances on the ABC adventure series, "Straightaway," and on NBC's "Dragnet", starring Jack Webb. In the 1955 episode, "The Big Bird," Richards played Phil Baurch, who stole from people's homes after being hired out to do yard work, and he killed pet birds.
In 1959, he appeared in a five-part episode entitled "Louie K" in the role of Louis "Louie" Kassoff in NBC's 1920s crime drama "The Lawless Years" with James Gregory. Over the years, Richards guest starred in many television series, including NBC's "Dan Raven", a crime drama starring Skip Homeier, and CBS's anthology series "The Lloyd Bridges Show" as "Doc" in the 1962 episode, "Testing Ground". He made two guest appearances on "Perry Mason". In 1959 he played murderer Earl Mauldin in "The Case of the Startled Stallion," then he played defendant Ted Chase in the 1962 episode, "The Case of the Melancholy Marksman." In the summer of 1960, he was cast in an episode of David McLean's NBC western series, "Tate".
He starred as Dr. McKinley Thompson in the 1963-1964 medical drama "Breaking Point", set in a hospital psychiatric ward. His co-star was Eduard Franz. "Breaking Point" aired the same year as the second season of NBC's related series, "The Eleventh Hour" starring Jack Ging and Ralph Bellamy. He appeared with Roy Thinnes in the 1964 episode "Murder by Scandal" of the CBS drama "The Reporter" starring Harry Guardino. He appeared in a 1964 episode of "The Fugitive" entitled "A.P.B." as an escaped convict opposite David Janssen's Dr. Richard Kimble. Richards' portrayal of an amoral killer with a refined intellect was an especially compelling performance in that popular drama's legendary run.
He appeared as the mutant leader Mendez in the film "Beneath the Planet of the Apes". One of his minor film roles was a prisoner in "Demetrius and the Gladiators", a sequel to 20th Century Fox's biblical epic "The Robe".
Personal life.
In 1953, Richards married actress Monica Keating (July 20, 1924 - September 10, 1985).
Death.
After dying from cancer at the age of 50, Richards was entombed in Hillside Memorial Park Cemetery near Moe Howard.

</doc>
<doc id="19084701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084701" title="Oli Pettigrew">
Oli Pettigrew

Oliver Pettigrew (born 2 April 1981) is a Hong Kong-born British actor, model, and award winning television host, based in Singapore. He is best known for hosting Cash Cab Asia, Sony Style, Lonely Planet Six Degrees China and Epad on Max
He is married to Linda Black, a model, presenter and author. They have a son born in 2008 and an adopted daughter.
Career.
Pettigrew was born in Hong Kong, schooled in England and has been a resident of Singapore since 2004. He began modeling in Hong Kong in 1999, appearing in ads for several lifestyle brands- culminating in a year-long Levi's campaign and a role in the film "Gen Y Cops".
Pettigrew was then selected as host of SONY STYLE on AXN, a role which landed him a nomination for Best Host at the Singapore Elle Awards in 2008. Following this, Pettigrew went on to host for Lonely Planet, Channel News Asia, Channel V, Star World, HBO, Cinemax, Food Network, TLC, Miss Earth and AXN.
In 2011, Pettigrew hosted the fourth season of Sony Style (now Sony Lifestyle), and was subsequently nominated at the Asian Television Awards for Best Entertainment Host. Pettigrew hosted the awards with his wife Linda Black.
He began 2012 as a weekly feature on six shows (Cash Cab Asia, Lonely Planet Six Degrees China, Sony Style (Sony Lifestyle), Epad on Max, HBO's Daily hostings and a series of internationally broadcast food Vignettes) on five networks (AXN, HBO, CINEMAX, TLC and Food Network Asia). The shows gained 3 nominations at the Asian Television Awards 2012. For Cash Cab Asia, Pettigrew was once again nominated at the 2012 Singapore Elle Awards for Best Host.
In late 2012, Pettigrew personally received 2 nominations at the Asian Television Awards for Best Entertainment Host for Sony Lifestyle Season 5 and Cash Cab Asia Season 1. He won the award for Cash Cab Asia.
Pettigrew is currently hosting for Discovery Kids (Kids vs Film).
In 2013, he hosted Ms. Earth 2013 (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miss_Earth_2013) together with his wife Linda Black (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linda_Black) held in the Philippines
Awards and Nominations.
2008 Singapore Elle Awards - Best Host - Sony Style Season 2 (nomination)
2011 Asian Television Awards - Best Entertainment Host Sony Style Season 4 (nomination)
2012 Singapore Elle Awards - Best Host - Cash Cab Asia Season 1 (nomination)
2012 Asian Television Awards - Best Entertainment Host - Sony Lifestyle Season 5 (nomination)
2012 Asian Television Awards - Best Entertainment Host - Cash Cab Asia Season 1 (won)

</doc>
<doc id="19084749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084749" title="Bouché">
Bouché

Bouché is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19084756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084756" title="Demetrios Alexatos">
Demetrios Alexatos

Demetrios "Rann" Alexatos ) served as International Commissioner and later National Commissioner of Soma Hellinon Proskopon, and on the World Scout Committee of the World Organization of the Scout Movement from 1957 to 1963.
In 1963, Alexatos was awarded the "Bronze Wolf", the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting, at the 19th World Scout Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="19084763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084763" title="Elmira Jr. &quot;B&quot; Jackals">
Elmira Jr. &quot;B&quot; Jackals

The Elmira Junior Jackals joined as the 21st member team of the Empire Junior Hockey League. Former Elmira College Division III coach Glenn Thomaris will serve as head coach. The Elmira Junior Jackals play at the First Arena in Elmira, NY the home Elmira Jackals of the ECHL, an affiliate with the Ottawa Senators of the NHL. The Jr. Jackals play in the American Conference in the West Division of the Empire Jr. Hockey League.
2008-2009 Team Roster.
4 Turkasz, Alex D 5-9 165 Jul 25, 1992 Corning, NY
5 Spencer, Tyler D 5-10 160 Dec 01, 1990 Elmira, NY
6 Walker, Alex F 5-10 153 May 1, 1992 Corning, NY
7 John F Started Season on Elmira College D3 Team
8 Brown, Thomas D 5-6 167 May 19, 1991 Elmira, NY
9 Burke, Kevin D 6-1 185 May 2, 1991 Elmira, NY
10 Lamoreax, Joseph F 5-7 135 Jul 12, 1992 Elmira, NY
11 Mitchell, Drew F 6-1 160 Sep 02, 1990 Elmira, NY
12 Ray, Sean D 6-1 185 Dec 17, 1988 Corning, NY
14 OMalley, Anthony F 6-1 180 Nov 14, 1991 Binghamton, NY
15 Sincock, John F 
17 Davenport, Jake D 5-8 170 Apr 12, 1993 Elmira, NY
20 OBrien, Justin F 5-9 175 Jul 11, 1991 Elmira, NY
21 Kurzejewski, Matt F 5-11 185 Jun 27, 1991 Mansfield, PA
22 Farrell, Zachary D 
25 Kasel, Mike F 6-1 170 May 19, 1989 Ithaca, NY
26 Murray, Matt F 5-11 140 Dec 05, 1990 Horseheads, NY
27 Edwards, Daniel F 5-5 160 Jul 05, 1993 Elmira, NY
28 Thomaris, Bobby F 5-11 155 Oct 27, 1990 Elmira, NY
32 Kendall-Jacobs, Cody G 5-8 160 Jan 20, 1991 Ithaca, NY
33 Max G 6-1 142 Oct 30, 1990 Agoura Hills, Ca
38 Anderson, Seth G Oct 27, 1990 Buffalo, New York
39 Daum, Johnny G 5-8 143 Mar 30, 1993 Horseheads, NY
44 Shane D 6-0 150 Apr 07, 1990 North Carolina
66 Kalweit, Christian F 5-9 167 Sep 30, 1991 Elmira, NY
53 Grippin, Ross F 5-8 157 Dec 17, 1990 Ithaca, NY
71 Rominger, Sean D
Game notes.
With the first win only hours past the Junior Jackals again faced off against the NY Coyotes only this time they knew what it felt like to win so they worked hard and again came out on top with a 4-1 victory. Anthony O'Malley was first to score for the Jackals on a power play pass from Drew Mitchell and Mike Kasel. Goal two was a shorthanded goal by Bobby Thomaris from Kevin Burke and Shane Long. Alex Walker scored goal number 3 on the powerplay from Ross Grippin. Jake Davenport put goal number 4 into the net from a powerplay pass by Mike Kasel. Max Glaser was strong in the net with 40 saves, allowing only one goal." It was a battle out there, and I am sure glad we won!" stated all-star forward John Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="19084769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084769" title="May 2007 Malta migrant shipwreck">
May 2007 Malta migrant shipwreck

On Monday, 21 May 2007, a small and crowded migrant boat was spotted some south of Malta by the Maltese Air Force, and photographed while the 53 people on board were apparently trying to bail out water. Then the boat went missing. No trace of the boat or its occupants was found by the Maltese boats sent to their search and rescue, and there was no means they could have reached the shore during the time span in between. Maltese authorities and the UNHCR confirmed the missing status of the boat.
The state of peril in which the occupants of the boat found themselves at the time of their discovery was further confirmed by a cellphone call made by one occupant to a relative in Italy on the same day of 21 May, when the boat's engine was said to have stopped, with water coming into the boat.
The event was the largest single disaster in terms of loss of life and involving migrant boats in the waters around Malta, a leading destination for migrants from Africa, until August 2008, when 71 migrants in one boat were feared drowned according to the accounts made by the eight survivors.
Background.
Around 1,700 migrants land on Malta every year and due to the particular conditions of the sea journey they risk, it is very difficult to advance theories on what would have happened and to how many people when something goes wrong between Malta and the north African coast. At least 10,000 are estimated to have died trying to reach Europe in the decade prior to the 2007 wreck. In cases where they are rescued by a non-Maltese vessel, they become subject to long negotiations between states, as it happened when a Spanish trawler rescued 51 in 2006 and another Spanish tug-boat took in 26 in the same month of May 2007. There has been cases where migrants were found clinging to tuna pens.
Most migrants try to reach further, particularly to Italy. In a further dimension, the arrival of illegal migrants became an issue between neighboring countries of the Mediterranean basin and between those of the European Union, of which Malta is the smallest member.
Those who remain in Malta try to pick up employment opportunities in the country's very limited labour market and they spark and fuel explicit xenophobic reactions. Hostility towards migrants has also been extended against journalists, clergymen and lawyers who advocate their rights, like Katrine Camilleri, 2007 Nansen Refugee Award winner, whose car and house door was burned.

</doc>
<doc id="19084772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084772" title="Hellenders">
Hellenders

The Hellenders are a fictional comic book superhero team owned by DC Comics and created by writer William Messner-Loebs.
Fictional background.
Nathaniel.
The Hellenders are a group of demon hunting superheroes led by a mysterious man who goes by the alias Nathaniel. The grandson of a well-known Methodist preacher, Nathaniel has taken his family crusade to the next level. By working with the CIA and FBI, the Hellenders try to keep the citizens of Hell from gaining access to the mortal world and destroy supernatural creatures such as vampires, werewolves and ghouls. They travel from place to place in the Angelwing, a flight vehicle that can travel 200 miles per hour, can cloak under radar and has front and rear laser cannons.
Amazons.
When Nathaniel discovered that Wonder Woman had the ability to astral project herself into various lands of myth, he feared that she would try to physically transport herself to the Underworld after she began having violent nightmares of her former Amazon sister Artemis being tortured by demons in order to save her. Nathaniel feared that if Diana were to do this, the physical shift to that realm would rip open portals elsewhere that demons could use to enter the mortal realm. Because of this he assigned several Hellender members to watch Diana at all times. Unfortunately they arrived too late when Diana was finally successful in transporting herself to Artemis in the Underworld, causing the two realities to merge in some respects.
Later when Diana returned to the mortal world, Nathaniel discovered that she had returned with the once-dead Artemis with her. Due to Artemis' time in the Underworld Nathaniel sent Hellender agents to invite the rejuvenated Amazon to become part of the team. She agreed but only on the condition that her new friend Henrietta Jessup join also. Though aggravated at having to train Henrietta who was a civilian with no training whatsoever, Nathaniel agreed due to the prospect of having Artemis in the fold.
New Blood.
Artemis, calling herself the new codename Requiem, proved to be a valuable asset to the team as she spoke and understood demonic languages and was merciless at destroying demons. She also trained Henrietta, now a reserve Hellender calling herself the codename Sojourner, in various fighting forms. They discovered that Nathaniel had used his vast fortune to pay off the town of Waverly, Pennsylvania so that they could use the town as a training base when needed. Suspicious as to why an entire town would allow a team of demon hunters to move in without questions asked, Sojourner began an investigation. She soon discovered that half of the town was too fearful to speak to her due to strange disappearances of townspeople in addition to beastly sounds and chanting that occur at night. The other half of the town had been violently keeping the rest of the town quiet due to the prospect of receiving more financial backing from the Hellenders.
Demon war.
It was later learned that Artemis' demon prince husband Dalkriig-Hath was able to convince Nathaniel that the demon was a fallen angel wishing to re-enter Heaven. Under the guise of a Fallen Angel he taught Nathaniel several spells that supposedly destroyed demons. Instead the spells strengthened the earth-walking demons. They used their newfound power to kill citizens of Waverly as a sacrifice to Dalkriig-Hath. Their sacrifice strengthened the demon greatly, allowing him to create a portal linking the Underworld to the mortal world. Using this portal Dalkriig-Hath managed to escape from his world to New Orleans in an attempt to gain revenge on Artemis.
Secrets revealed.
Artemis and fellow Hellender Sureshot were close to forming a relationship due to mutual interest. This changed however during the Dalkriig-Hath affair as Sureshot had a seemingly psychotic break during battle and ran out on the team. When asked what had happened to him Deadfall revealed that Nathaniel had ordered several Hellenders (Sureshot included) to take psychotropic drugs in order to keep them fearless while battling the likes of demons and ghouls. Over time Sureshot's system began to reject the drug's effects. This caused Artemis to lose interest in him. Whether the team's drug use continued or not after Artemis' discovery remains unknown.
Exit Artemis.
Learning that Etrigan the Demon was loose in Gateway City, Nathaniel dispatched Artemis to destroy him. Her mission was unsuccessful as she discovered that the demon was benevolent and resided in the body of the innocent immortal being Jason Blood. After being reunited with Wonder Woman and the Amazons on this assignment, Artemis wanted to return to her Amazon tribe on Themyscira. She became a reserve member, leaving Sojourner to fill her spot as full-time member.

</doc>
<doc id="19084786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084786" title="Corman">
Corman

Corman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19084825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084825" title="Metisazone">
Metisazone

Methisazone (USAN) or metisazone (INN) is an antiviral drug that works by inhibiting mRNA and protein synthesis, especially in pox viruses. It has been used in the past to treat smallpox.
Methisazone has been described as being used in prophylaxis since at least 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="19084903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084903" title="Nair-san">
Nair-san

Nair-san may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19084917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084917" title="Black Rock, Arizona">
Black Rock, Arizona

Black Rock, Arizona is located just south of the Utah–Arizona state line in the extreme northwest area of the state. It is an area of the Arizona Strip in the north Mojave Desert just off Interstate 15. The area is accessed by the Black Rock Road Exit just outside the Virgin River Gorge, which is to the south. The area is managed by the United States Bureau of Land Management. The area is used for off road vehicle recreation, hiking, photography, and as an informal rest stop for long haul truckers.

</doc>
<doc id="19084979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084979" title="Your Call (song)">
Your Call (song)

"Your Call" is a song by Secondhand Serenade, the solo project of John Vesely. It did not become a single when it was in the album Awake. It later became the second single from Secondhand Serenade's second studio album "A Twist in My Story". The video of the song was released on December 5, 2008, that could be viewed on the FNMTV website. In the video, the music of the song was the Radio Version, not the original music from his second album.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Ryan Rickett.
It starts featuring Vesely singing at a normal stage in a suit with an acoustic guitar. As he sings, the stage starts to expand and random object began appearing throughout the stage that now looks like a playhouse that contains objects from a house and, outside, a tree with a swing. He walks toward the house, taking off his guitar, and through a window he stares at a woman sitting in the swing. He then, starts to walk away and toward, it seems, the ruins of an old city where people are just walking around. He starts to look around until he notices the woman and starts to walk toward her, singing, but the woman didn't see him and turns around to enter a tunnel. Vesely quickly walks into the tunnel, too, trying to follow her.
He starts to run to follow her as he gets more and more nervous that she might leave. Then he walks away from the tunnel, and a giant tree with women singing as the choir, appears behind him, as he tries desperately to express his love for the woman so she will finally look at him. At the end, the woman finally turns around to stare at him, leaving the possibility that they will be together now.

</doc>
<doc id="19084989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084989" title="Isaac Hayes III">
Isaac Hayes III

Isaac Lee Hayes III, also known as Ike Dirty, (born June 10, 1975) is a record producer and voice-over actor who currently resides in Atlanta, Georgia. He is the son of the late soul musician and actor, Isaac Hayes, who died in 2008. 
Hayes operates a production company called Chartcontrol and a publishing company called IKE Father IKE Son Music. He is most known for producing the Lil Scrappy song, "Money In The Bank" and the Ying Yang Twins song, "Drop". He has also produced tracks for Redman, Keith Murray, Too Short, Blaque, Ruff Ryders, Black Coffey, Korupt, Chris Robinson("ATL" score), Jamie Foxx’s Laffapalooza Comedy Central Special & DVD, Bohagon, Chamillionaire, Keke Palmer, Flash Freddy, Raz-B (former B2K band member), and J.R. on Universal Records/Grand Hustle.
Ike has performed voice-over work for various companies such as the Atlanta Hawks, the Georgia Lottery, McDonald's, Publix, American Airlines, and Cadillac. He also contributed voice-over work as the character Broodwich for the animated adult television cartoon, "Aqua Teen Hunger Force", as well as for the movie, "Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters".

</doc>
<doc id="19084991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084991" title="Mohamed Ali Hafez">
Mohamed Ali Hafez

Mohamed Ali Hafez () of the Egyptian Federation for Scouts and Girl Guides served on the World Scout Committee of the World Organization of the Scout Movement from 1957 to 1963 and again from 1965 to 1971.
In 1957, an "Arab Scout Bureau" was established, with Hafez as first Secretary-General.
In 1963, Hafez was awarded the "Bronze Wolf", the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting.

</doc>
<doc id="19084993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19084993" title="Molus River">
Molus River

Molus River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19085003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085003" title="KXFT">
KXFT

KXFT (99.7 FM, "Sunny 99.7") is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary format. Licensed to Manson, Iowa, USA, the station serves Fort Dodge, Iowa. The station is currently owned by Three Eagles Communications.
History.
KXFT signed on in November 2007 with a Top 40 (CHR) format as "99X". On July 31, 2009 at 5:00PM CDT, the station changed to an adult contemporary format as "Sunny 99.7" as the Top 40 (CHR) format was moved to sister station KKEZ "Mix 94.5", which was previously adult contemporary.

</doc>
<doc id="19085044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085044" title="El Peñón de Guatapé">
El Peñón de Guatapé

La Piedra Del Peñol (Spanish for "The Rock of Guatapé"), also known as El Peñol Stone or simply La Piedra (Spanish for "The Stone"), is a monolithic formation located at the town and municipality of Guatapé, 1 km inside the city limits (86 km northeast of Medellín or 2 hours by bus) in Antioquia, Colombia.
History.
The wide Antioquian rock base, called "batlolito antioqueño", and the "Peñón" were formed thousands of years ago.
The Tahamies Indians, former inhabitants of this region, worshiped the rock and called it on their language "mojarrá" or "mujará" (rock or stone). This rock is located in the country area called "La Piedra", just 5 minutes from Guatapé Town, and can be reached by road.
On the northern face of the stone there are painted large white letters, "G", and an incomplete "U" (only the single vertical stroke was completed). Guatapé and El Peñol had long disputed ownership of the rock, and the residents of Guatapé decided to settle the matter by painting the town's name on the rock in huge white letters. It did not take long for the residents of El Peñol to notice the work, and a large mob was assembled to stop it. Only the "G" and part of the "U" were completed. 
The rock was first climbed officially on July 1954. In 2006, Luis Villegas, Pedro Nel Ramírez and Ramón Díaz climbed the rock in a five-day endeavor, using sticks that were fixed against the rock's wall.
A new species of plant was found on the top of the rock, subsequently named "Pitcairma heterophila" by a German scientist.
A viewing spot was built on top of the rock, where it is possible to acquire handicrafts, postcards, and other local goods. It is possible to see the 500 km shore-perimeter dam. There are 740 steps to the top of the viewing spot.
In the 1940s, the Colombian government declared it a "National Monument".
Composition.
The stone rises from the bottom of the hydroelectric dam of Peñol-Guatapé. This monolith was spotted as a border landmark between country farms and the two cities.
At its highest part, on the rear (southeast side), it has an elevation of over sea level. with an average temperature of . The "Peñol" has of rock mass and it is long, with an approximate weight of . It has some rock breaks, one of which was used for the construction of the 650 stairs that can be used to go to the top.
The Stone of Peñol is composed of quartz, feldspar and mica.

</doc>
<doc id="19085052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085052" title="Zach Kirby">
Zach Kirby

Zach Kirby (born January 2, 1985 in Atlanta, Georgia) is a retired American soccer player.
Career.
Youth and college.
Kirby grew up in Marietta, Georgia, attended Pope High School, played club soccer for United Quest Red (with whom he was a four-time Georgia state champion), and played college soccer at Boston University from 2003 to 2006. He was the 2006 America East Defender of the Year, and graduated with a bachelor degree in psychology and business administration.
Professional.
Kirby was drafted in the 2nd round (22nd overall) of the 2007 MLS Supplemental Draft by Los Angeles Galaxy, and was offered a contract, but was released in order to make roster room for David Beckham. He then signed with the Wilmington Hammerheads of the USL Second Division, playing five games at the end of the season.
Kirby signed with Atlanta Silverbacks of the USL First Division in 2008, and played 17 games for the team. After the Silverbacks folded at the end of the 2008 season, Kirby switched to Miami FC. On February 9, 2010 Miami announced the re-signing of Kirby to a new contract for the 2010 season.
Kirby retired from professional soccer on July 18, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19085093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085093" title="Help at Any Cost">
Help at Any Cost

Help at Any Cost: How the Troubled-Teen Industry Cons Parents and Hurts Kids is a non-fiction book by Maia Szalavitz analyzing the controversy surrounding the tough love behavior modification industry. The book was published February 16, 2006, by Riverhead Books. Szalavitz focuses on four programs: Straight, Incorporated, a copy of the Straight Inc. program called KIDS, North Star wilderness boot camp, and the World Wide Association of Specialty Programs and Schools. She discusses the background, history and methodology of the troubled-teen industry, including techniques drawn from attack therapy and Synanon. She uses first-person accounts and court testimony in her research, and states that no evidence exists proving that these programs are effective. The book also includes advice for parents and an appendix with additional resources on how to get responsible help for teenagers.
The book received positive reviews in academic journals, literary journals, and in the media. Psychologist Steve K. D. Eichel reviewed the book for "Cultic Studies Review" and called it a "must read", psychologist and psychiatrist Robert John McAllister described it as "an excellent and informative book on the subject of the 'troubled-teen industry' " in his book "Emotions: Mystery Or Madness", and a review in "Psychology Today" described Szalavitz's work as "a meticulously reported and thoughtful investigation". The book also received positive reviews in "Publishers Weekly", "Booklist", and "Newsday". The book later led to an investigation into the troubled-teen industry by the United States House Committee on Education and Labor of the United States House of Representatives, and Representative George Miller held hearings on the matter in October 2007 and April 2008.
Background.
Teenagers have been participating in tough love behavior modification programs since the 1960s. Many of these programs take place in the wilderness in the style of military recruit training (also known as boot camps) and the teenagers are subjected to rigid discipline, including mandatory marches, physical abuse, solitary confinement, and deprivation of food and sleep. These programs have little to no oversight from the United States federal or state governments. Teenagers' claims of abuse at these facilities have not been investigated because the programs are not regulated.
Author.
Maia Szalavitz is a senior fellow at the Statistical Assessment Service (stats.org), a media watchdog organization which monitors news coverage of statistics and science. She has served as a researcher for journalist Bill Moyers, a part-time contributor to "Psychology Today", and has written articles for "The New York Times", "The Washington Post", "Reason", and "The American Prospect". Szalavitz is the co-author of "Recovery Options: The Complete Guide" with Joseph Volpicelli, and "The Boy Who Was Raised As a Dog" with Bruce D. Perry.
Contents.
In "Help at Any Cost" Szalavitz investigates the teen rehabilitation industry and focuses on four programs: Straight, Incorporated, a copy of the Straight Inc. program called KIDS of Bergen County, North Star wilderness boot camp, and the World Wide Association of Specialty Programs and Schools. Some of these programs cost parents over US$2,000 per month. She discusses the history of the troubled-teen industry and its origins in a controversial group founded in 1958 called Synanon. Synanon claimed that it could cure addiction to heroin, and its methodologies such as attack therapy, forced confessions, and imposed powerlessness spread throughout the United States. After a rattlesnake was placed in the mailbox of an attorney suing Synanon, the group's founder was convicted of conspiracy to commit murder. Synanon later went bankrupt, but Szalavitz maintains that it influenced organizations related to the troubled-teen industry. 
Szalavitz notes that according to a 2004 statement released by the National Institutes of Health, teen programs using "fear and tough treatment" are not successful and evidence shows that they can worsen existing behavioral problems. Many of the children that enter these programs suffer from mental illness, and already have a history of prior trauma and abuse. Szalavitz uses first-person accounts from teenagers that participated in these programs, and asserts that the programs have potentially serious negative consequences, including post-traumatic stress and deaths.
An emotional story in the book recounts the death of 16-year-old Aaron Bacon. Bacon suffered from a treatable ulcer, and died after being out in the wilderness in Utah for weeks while in the care of the group North Star. Bacon lost in 20 days, but was called "gay" and a "faker" when he complained of abdominal pain, and was punished by North Star supervisors—his sleeping bag and food were taken away from him. The individuals responsible for Bacon were charged with negligent homicide, but did not serve any jail time.
In addition to these first-person accounts, she also incorporates court reports and testimony in her research. Szalavitz highlights controversial practices used by these tough love teen industry programs which the Geneva Convention banned as being too extreme for prisoners of war. She states that there is no evidence that any of the programs are effective. Portions of the book are addressed to parents and provide resources and advice on how to select better choices instead of programs in the tough love teen industry, and the book includes an appendix aimed at educating parents on how to find help for their teenagers.
Reception.
In a review of the book in the journal "Cultic Studies Review", psychologist Steve K. D. Eichel pointed out that Szalavitz contrasts the troubled-teen industry (TTI) with multisystemic therapy (MST), motivational interviewing (MI), and cognitive-behavior therapy (CBT), but that she fails to note that "success rates for these interventions are still disappointingly low." Eichel concluded his review with a positive recommendation, commenting: "This minor failing aside, "Help At Any Cost" is still a must-read for those interested in adolescent treatment in general, and in how an iatrogenic therapy program can degenerate into a therapy cult."
In his book "Emotions: Mystery Or Madness", psychologist and psychiatrist Robert John McAllister highly recommended "Help at Any Cost", and called it "an excellent and informative book on the subject of the 'troubled-teen industry' ", and "important reading for any parent who is considering sending a teenager to a tough love program, a boot camp, or a wilderness program." In a review of the book in "Library Journal", Linda Beck commented: "This book is excellent owing to its whistle-blowing approach: it exposes an unregulated industry and alerts adults to the severe harm inflicted by these 'schools.' " She called the book "chilling" and "Highly recommended for public libraries."
In a review in "Mother Jones", Nell Bernstein highlighted the sources given for parents at the back of the book, commenting: ""Help at Any Cost" winds up with an appendix that helpfully outlines "evidence based" alternatives to the tough-love approach." Steve Weinberg of the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch" gave the book a positive review, and described Szavalitz as "a talented, relentless investigator". He noted: "Her outrage surfaces frequently as children die, as once-loving families are atomized and as troubled-teen entrepreneurs escape criminal prosecution while using legal maneuvers to prevail in civil court lawsuits seeking damages", and characterized "Help at Any Cost" as "an important book about an industry that sometimes helps troubled youth but causes harm way too often."
A review in "Psychology Today" called the book "An alarming exposé of the burgeoning business of boot camps and drug rehab centers that promise to reform troubled teens", and described Szalavitz's work as "a meticulously reported and thoughtful investigation". Vanessa Bush of "Booklist" characterized the book as "a revealing, at times horrifying look at the troubled-teen industry." "Publishers Weekly" noted: "With a useful appendix discussing when and how to get responsible help for a troubled teen, this book, filled with first-person accounts, should be required reading in Parenting 101", calling the work "a courageous—if horrifying—study of the tough-love industry".
Karen Karbo, author of "The Stuff of Life", gave the book a positive review in "Newsday", writing: "Maia Szalavitz's brisk investigation of America's so-called "tough love" treatment programs, which bill themselves as the last hope for out-of-control, drug-taking teens, would be the stuff of a bad TV movie, if it weren't so smart, well-researched and even-handed." Mark Sauer of "The San Diego Union-Tribune" noted: "Some of the stories reveal physical and psychological abuse that rivals tales from Iraq's Abu Ghraib Prison."
Aftermath.
"Help at Any Cost" succeeded in bringing attention to deaths related to medical neglect and child abuse in the troubled-teen industry. On October 10, 2007, the United States House Committee on Education and Labor of the United States House of Representatives held a full committee investigative hearing chaired by Representative George Miller on "Cases of Child Neglect and Abuse at Private Residential Treatment Facilities". The Government Accountability Office presented findings from an investigation into the troubled-teen industry, and parents of teens who died under care of these organizations testified at the hearing. Maia Szalavitz attended the hearing as well.
After the book's publication, Szalavitz continued to write about the controversy surrounding the troubled-teen industry for Statistical Assessment Service, "The New York Times", "The Washington Post", "Reason", and "The American Prospect". The House Committee on Education and Labor held additional hearings on the matter on April 24, 2008, again chaired by Representative George Miller.

</doc>
<doc id="19085132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085132" title="Move for Me">
Move for Me

"Move for Me" is the name of a 2008 progressive house song that was written, produced and recorded by American DJ–remixer–producer Kaskade and Canadian DJ-remixer–producer deadmau5. The track is featured on Kaskade's fifth album release, "Strobelite Seduction". The single, which features vocals by American songstress Haley Gibby (who has separate 2005 collaboration with Kaskade and writer Finn Bjarnson called "Summer of Space"), reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Airplay chart in its September 6, 2008 issue, giving Kaskade his first number-one on this chart after having reached the top ten four times and deadmau5 his first number-one single on an American chart. Both artists would reach that same summit in October 2009 with "I Remember" with deadmau5 getting the lead billing and Kaskade being the featured collaborator. In late January 2009 it started charting in Canada. It debuted at #98 on the Canadian Hot 100, and since then it peaked at #66.
"Move For Me" became available in the UK and Ireland on iTunes and other digital downloading sites as of 27 December 2009.
The song is also featured in DJ Hero 2

</doc>
<doc id="19085148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085148" title="Semen Korsakov">
Semen Korsakov

Semen Nikolaevich Korsakov () (January 14, 1787–December 1, 1853 OS) was a Russian government official, noted both as a homeopath and an inventor who was involved with an early version of information technology.
Biography.
Korsakov was born in 1787 in what is now Kherson, Ukraine (then part of the Russian empire). His father was a military engineer. The family had migrated from Lithuania in the 14th century.
He was married to Sofia Mordvinova and they had four daughters and six sons, one of whom, Mikhail Semyonovich () (1826–1871), became famous in his own right as governor-general of Eastern Siberia and was the namesake of the town of Korsakov in Sakhalin Oblast and several Russian geological features.
From 1812–1814, Semen Korsakov took part in the Napoleonic Wars with the Russian Army. He later was to serve as an official in the statistics department of the Russian Police Ministry in St. Petersburg. He was a recipient of the Order of St. Anna and the Order of St. Vladimir.
Korsakov died in 1853 in the village of Tarusovo, then part of the Moscow Province.
Homeopathy.
Though Korsakov was not formally trained as a doctor, he was interested in medicine, possibly because of the difficulty in getting medical care in the rural area where he lived. According to his journals he treated several thousand patients, at first using conventional medicine, but in 1829 switching to homeopathy at the urging of his relatives.
Korsakov is noted in homeopathic circles as the originator of the Korsakovian method of dilution, which differed from the Hahnemannian dilutions used by (and named for) homeopathy's founder in that it used a single container for a series of dilutions rather than a new container for each. Korsakov also used dilutions higher than those previously used (30C and higher). Dilutions made using his method are commonly designated with the letter "K", e.g. 15K.
Inventions.
While working in the statistics department of the Police Ministry, Korsakov became intrigued with the possibility of using machinery to "enhance natural intelligence". To this end, he devised several devices which he called "machines for the comparison of ideas". These included the "linear homeoscope with movable parts", the "linear homeoscope without movable parts", the "flat homeoscope", the "ideoscope", and the "simple comparator". The purpose of the devices was primarily to facilitate the search for information, stored in the form of punched cards or similar media (for example, wooden boards with perforations). Korsakov announced his new method in September 1832, and rather than seeking patents offered the machines for public use.
The punch card had been introduced in 1805, but until that time had been used solely in the textile industry to control looms. Korsakov was reputedly the first to use the cards for information storage.
Korsakov presented his ideas to the Imperial Academy of Sciences in St. Petersburg, but their experts rejected his application, failing to see the potential of mechanizing searches through large stores of information. His machines were largely forgotten until after the Second World War, when a revival of historical interest resulted in the publication (in 1961) of several documents from the Academy's archives relating to Korsakov's machines and the uncovering of a book about them written by Korsakov himself.

</doc>
<doc id="19085149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085149" title="Çullu, Quzanlı">
Çullu, Quzanlı

Çullu (also, Chullu) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Quzanlı.

</doc>
<doc id="19085153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085153" title="Judy Pfaff">
Judy Pfaff

Judy Pfaff, born 1946 in London, England, is an American artist, known mainly for Installation art. Pfaff has received numerous awards for her work, including a John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation Award (2004) and fellowships from the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation (1983) and the National Endowment for the Arts (1986). Major exhibitions have been held of her work at the University of Wisconsin–Madison (2002), Denver Art Museum (1994) and Saint Louis Art Museum (1989).
Pfaff moved to United States at the age of thirteen. She attended the prestigious Cass Technical High School. She did her undergraduate work at Washington University and received her Master of Fine Arts degree from Yale University.
Pfaff creates paintings, sculpture, prints, and installation art. Of the creation of her work, she says "I’ve always done prints and drawings, always. No one buys those installations, so when you see things that are portable that I’m not attached to, they’re probably two-dimensional. If you get an installation of mine, you inherit assistant Ryan, myself, a crew, the dog, the noise, the dirt. We wreck the house. So if you don’t want that, then you get prints and drawings." 
Her installation art has been compared to that of "a collagist in space.". Roberta Smith, critic for "The New York Times", wrote of Pfaff's work, "she has been creating elaborately impure, implicitly narrative environments for more than 25 years. She is at the top of her form in the airy, exhilarating "Neither Here Nor There."" Benjamin Genocchio, also with the "New York Times", described several of Pfaff's works undergoing renovation: 
She has also done scenic design. In 2010 Ameringer/McEnery/Yoke showed a retrospective ranging from the late 1970s to recent work. In a review in "The Brooklyn Rail", Kara L. Rooney writes of the survey's cohesion, "somehow, Pfaff’s eclectic interpretation of ’80s flamboyance, ’90s insecurity, and the aughts’ incessant optimism succeeds."
Pfaff has previous taught at the California Institute of the Arts form 1976 to 1979. She joined the faculty at Bard College in New York in 1994, where she is currently the codirector of the Studio Arts program.

</doc>
<doc id="19085165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085165" title="WUFR">
WUFR

WUFR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19085167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085167" title="Çullu (Chullu Vtoroye), Agdam">
Çullu (Chullu Vtoroye), Agdam

Çullu (, also Chullu and Chullu Vtoroye) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19085171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085171" title="Malina Moye">
Malina Moye

Malina Moye is an American singer-songwriter, lefty guitarist, and entrepreneur who fuses Rock and Soul. Fender guitars recognizes Malina as one of their first African-American left-handed upside-down female endorsee to join the fender family. She founded WCE Records in 2004. After releasing her single "Girlfriend" and cross-marketing it with her new calendar "Spend 12 Months With Malina Moye: Hot Fun in California Sun," she caught the attention of critics alike, who dubbed Malina a "Madonna-like ingénue of marketing". This helped land her song, "Girlfriend", on the R&B Hip-Hop Sales "Billboard" listing at number 43 for one week. Recently, "Guitar World" Magazine named Moye as one the ten female guitarists in the world to know.
Moye's next single "Alone" was released independently, peaking at number 10 on the Billboard R&B Hip-Hop single sales chart, and remained on the chart for over twenty weeks. The song also reached number 93 on the Hot R&B Airplay chart and number 27 on the Billboard Hot 100. She has appeared on national TV shows including "Weekends at the D.L.", "Emeril Live" and morning shows such as "Good Morning Chicago" and "Showcase Minnesota". In 2007, Moye was featured in the UK documentary "Stratmaster: The Greatest Guitar Story Ever Told", alongside guitar legends Robert Cray, Mark Knopfler, and Jimi Hendrix, Moye has also been seen on the catwalk and on the silver screen.
With her unorthodox style and musicianship, Moye received an invite to appear at the Robert Johnson Blues Festival as the only female singer, lefty guitarist on the roster, sharing the stage with last living blues legends David Honeyboy Edwards, Hubert Sumlin, and Pinetop Perkins. In 2009, Moye opened for Robin Thicke and Boyz II Men on several US dates.
Along with playing at other notable festivals around the world, Moye serves as an ambassador to HRH Prince Charles' The Prince's Trust, to which she donated her song "Hustler's Blues" to the trust-supported, charitable Wilberforce compilation record released on AMD/Universal Music. With a soft digital release in 2009, Moye released Diamonds & Guitars. That fall Malina was also a part of Victoria Secret's "Life is Pink" campaign and sang the National Anthem for more than 40,000 people at the Petco Park Cubs Vs. Padres baseball game. Moye also received her own day and a proclamation from the Mayor of her hometown for her musical contributions before performing at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum in Cleveland honoring the late Michael Jackson.
In 2010 Moye played the National Anthem on the guitar at the sold-out Vikings/Cowboys game in front of 80,000 people, making her the first African-American woman to play the anthem on an instrument at a professional sports event. Also in 2010, Moye was named best dressed at the 52nd Grammy awards, wearing an electric blue dress by Kevan Hall.
In 2011, after playing the main stage at one of Europe's biggest rock festivals, Bospop, Moye headlined the west coast's largest peace concert "Artists for Peace" with Chaka Khan, Eric Benet, and Flora Martirosian honoring the iconic Stevie Wonder for his musical lifetime achievements and promoting world peace.
In 2012, Moye voted by "Glamour Magazine" as one of the best dressed at the Grammy Awards. Also that year, she joined the Experience Hendrix Tour as the only female guitarist with guitar greats such as Eric Johnson, Robert Randolph, Eric Gales, Brad Whitford, Kenny Wayne Shepherd, and Jonny Lang to all honor Jimi Hendrix.

</doc>
<doc id="19085196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085196" title="Juan Lainé">
Juan Lainé

Juan Lainé (4 July 1884 – 21 May 1977) of the Asociación de Scouts de México, A.C. served on the World Scout Committee of the World Organization of the Scout Movement from 1947 to 1949 and again from 1951 to 1957.
In 1966, Lainé was awarded the "Bronze Wolf", the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting.

</doc>
<doc id="19085200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085200" title="List of people on stamps of Mauritius">
List of people on stamps of Mauritius

List of people on stamps of Mauritius.

</doc>
<doc id="19085221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085221" title="Architecture of Estonia">
Architecture of Estonia

This article covers the architecture of Estonia.
History.
Ancient Estonia.
A distinguishing feature of early Estonian architecture are the many strongholds and hill-forts found throughout the country, for example Varbola Stronghold. The more important of these, which could cover an area up to and were located at important crossroads, eventually developed into commercial hubs, like Tallinn, Tartu and Otepää.
Gothic architecture.
Christianity was brought to Estonia through the northern crusades, and brought about huge changes in the society, culture and architecture of Estonia. The influences came mainly from German-speaking areas and Scandinavia. The new religion prompted the erection of churches throughout present-day Estonia, beginning in the 13th century. The first churches were probably wooden; of these none survive. The earliest churches still surviving were strongly built and fortress-like; Valjala church on Saaremaa is one example. The master masons and sculptors who played a significant role in the early church architecture came mainly from Gotland. Later, as Christianity became more firmly rooted, larger and more elaborate churches were built, especially in northern Estonia during the 15th century. The medieval churches in the old town of Tallinn, like the Cathedral, St. Olaf's church (the tallest building in Europe in the 16th century) or the church of the Holy Ghost, still testify to a highly developed Gothic style of architecture. Outside of Tallinn, many churches were damaged during frequent wars, especially the Livonian War and the Great Northern War, and negligence during the Soviet occupation caused much destruction among the churches of Estonia, thus few early churches survive unaltered to this day. In later years however intense restoration work has been carried out, and especially on Saaremaa and in northern Estonia there are still interesting examples of relatively well-preserved medieval churches.
The crusaders also left their mark on the country by erecting a large number of castles as a means to gain military and administrative control over the country. Both large castle complexes, called order castles after the Teutonic and other crusading orders that erected them, and smaller, local fortifications not intended for major military actions (known locally as 'vassal castles') were erected. Good examples of larger castles still extant include Hermann castle in Narva, Toompea castle in Tallinn and Kuressaare castle on Saaremaa. Of smaller castles, Purtse castle, Kiiu tower and Vao tower still exist today. Many of the castles erected during the Middle Ages were destroyed in later wars, and Estonia is abundant in castle ruins.
The expansion and development of Estonian cities like Tallinn and Narva into Hanseatic cities during the Middle Ages also fuelled the development of civic architecture. Burgher's houses with gabled fronts, a large front hall with a fireplace and a smaller living room at the rear became popular; the style became known as 'Tallinn Gothic' and taken up by builders in Finland, Sweden and Novgorod. Other still existing medieval civic buildings testify to the importance of Tallinn as an important trading city; Tallinn Town Hall is today an important historical landmark, as is the Raeapteek (town hall pharmacy) and the buildings of the former guilds in Tallinn, i.e. the Great Guild (1410), St. Olaf's Guild (1422) and the later Brotherhood of Blackheads (c. 1597). The extraordinarily well-preserved city wall of Tallinn is also from this period. All in all, the old town of Tallinn is one of the world's best preserved medieval architectural ensembles, and is listed as one of UNESCO's World Heritage Site site since 1997.
Baroque and Rococo.
Baroque and Rococo architecture in Estonia is represented mostly by buildings erected by the Russian imperial administration and the local aristocracy. The finest example still existing is Kadriorg Palace, in Petrine Baroque style. Before World War II, Põltsamaa Castle was an unusually fine example of Rococo architecture in Estonia; sadly, the castle was destroyed during the war and only ruins remain.
Ever since the Northern crusades and the establishment of the German-speaking Baltic nobility as the landowning class, the countryside of Estonia had been characterised by the manorial system enforced by the upper classes. From the baroque and onwards, many manor houses survive and contribute to the architectural heritage of Estonia. The countryside of Estonia retains around 2000 historic manors, many in the baroque and rococo styles, e.g. Saue, Palmse or Vääna manors, but also representing a range of styles from Neo-Baroque and neo-Classicist to Tudor.
Classicism.
The center of preserved neo-Classicist architecture is Tartu, the Town Hall and surrounding buildings from the 18th century. The main building of the University of Tartu (1803–09) is an example of High Classicism. Manor house architecture continue to dominate the countryside, with manors such as Saku, Kuremaa and Suure-Kõpu exemplifying the style. Some notable residences were also built in Tallinn, e.g. Stenbock House and the building on Kohtu street 8 (architect Carl Ludvig Engel, today housing the Estonian Chancellor of Justice), both on Toompea hill.
Late 19th century architecture.
As in the rest of Europe, the late 19th century was a time of architectural experimentation of styles in Estonia. Different types of historicism and eclecticism became common. Neo-Gothic became a popular style, not least among manor houses, as can be seen in Alatskivi or Sangaste manors.
At the end of the period, Art Nouveau influences reached Estonia. Major sources of inspiration came were partly the vibrant Art Nouveau scene in Riga and partly Finnish national romanticism. Perhaps the most well-known architect who worked in Art Nouveau style in Estonia was Jacques Rosenbaum.
The Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in Tallinn is an example of Russian Revival style from the 19th century when Estonia was a governorate of the Russian Empire.
20th century.
Sillamäe city centre in its entirety is a noteworthy example of Stalinist architecture in Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="19085252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085252" title="Ramachandra Babu">
Ramachandra Babu

K. Ramachandra Babu is a Kerala State award-winning cinematographer of over 125 films, out of which most are Malayalam films. He has also worked for films in Tamil, Telugu, Hindi, Arabic and English languages. He has served as the cinematographer for several documentaries and advertisement films as well.
Early Life and Career.
Ramachandra Babu was born on December 15, 1947 in Maduranthakam at Chengalpattu District, Tamil Nadu. After obtaining his B.Sc. (Chemistry) degree from Loyola College, Madras in 1966, he went on to join the Film and Television Institute of India, Pune to study cinematography. In the Institute, he made friends with Balu Mahendra, John Abraham and K.G. George, who would go on to become noted film directors. He obtained his Diploma in Cinema (Motion Picture Photography) in 1971.
He made his feature film debut in 1971 as a cinematographer even before completing his FTII course, for Vidyarthikale Ithile Ithile. It was also the debut film of director John Abraham and writer Azad. Ramachandra Babu became a noted in the industry after he served as the cinematographer for Nirmalyam (1973) and Swapnadanam (1976), which were directorial debuts of M.T. Vasudevan Nair and K.G. George, respectively. All these films were shot in Black & White.
Later career.
Ramachandra Babu's first colour film (Eastman Color) was Dweep(1976), directed by Ramu Kariat and it won him his first Kerala State Film Award for Best Cinematography. He went on to win 3 more State Awards for Rathinirvedam (1978) and Chamaram (1980), directed by Bharathan and Oru Vadakkan Veeragadha (1989), directed by Hariharan.
He played a prominent role in ushering in the technical advancements in cinematography into Malayalam cinema. The transition from Black & White to colour aside, he served as the cinematographer for the first CinemaScope film to be shot in South India, "Alavuddinum Athbutha Vilakkum" (1979), directed by I.V. Sasi. Despite featuring major stars like Kamal Haasan, Rajinikanth and Jayabharathi, the film was delayed and another CinemaScope film Thacholi Ambu (1978) was released ahead of it, leaving the latter to be considered as the first CinemaScope film in South India. He was the cinematographer of the first film to be released with 70mm film in Malayalam. The film, Padayottam (1982), directed by Jijo Punnoose was from the production house of Thacholi Ambu, Navodaya. The film was photographed in CinemaScope format and was converted to 70mm blow-up prints with 6-track magnetic stereo sound during post-production.
His noted films include Nirmalyam (1973 – National Award For Best Feature Film, Director : M.T. Vasudevan Nair), Swapnadanam (1975 – Kerala State Film Award for Best Film, Director : K.G. George), Bandhanam (1978 – Kerala State Best Film, Dir : M.T. Vasudevan Nair), Agraharathil Kazhuthai (1978 – Best Tamil Film – National Award, Director : John Abraham), Itha Ivide Vare (Malayalam - 1977 – Dir: I.V. Sasi), Patita (1980 – Hindi, Director: I.V.Sasi), Yavanika (Dir : K.G.George) & Marmaram (Dir : Bharathan), Both Kerala State Best Film Award – 1982, Padayottam (First Malayalam 70 Mm Feature Film, 1982. Dir: Jijo), Pagal Nilavu - (1985 – Tamil, Director : Mani Rathnam), Oru Vadakkan Veera Gaadha (1989 – Malayalam, Director : Hariharan), Aadharam (1992 – Malayalam, Director : George Kithu), Sallapam (1996 – Malayalam, Director :Sunder Das), Ghazal (1993 – Malayalam, Director : Kamal), Kanmadam (1998 – Malayalam, Director : Lohithadas), Beyond The Soul (English – 2003 – Dir: Rajiv Anchal) and Al-boom (Arabic – 2005 – Dir: Khaled Abdul Raheem Al-Zadjali).
Positions Held.
The positions held by Ramachandra Babu in various organisations and award committees include:
Filmography.
The list of films for which Ramachandra Babu served as the director of cinematography:

</doc>
<doc id="19085266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085266" title="Peter Connor">
Peter Connor

Peter Connor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19085291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085291" title="V.I. Lenin Higher Party School">
V.I. Lenin Higher Party School

Vladimir Ilich Lenin Higher Party School is a defunct university level education institution that existed in Albania during the period of Communist rule. The school was accessible to all who had finished high school education. Many of the students were already graduates in other fields in other institutions of higher education in Albania.
The one criterion for admission was loyalty to the Party. The studies for a student lasted two years, without having to face exams or other academic testing, nor a final thesis or exam whatsoever. All the classes were about Marxist-Leninist indoctrination, Communist Party history and similar.
The last Director (Rector, Chancellor) of the School was Nexhmije Hoxha, the widow of Enver Hoxha, herself without a formal higher education. Previous directors include Fiqrete Shehu.
Students were given a two-year scholarship (the duration of the studies) of 800 Albanian lek per month. This was nearly twice the salary of a factory worker and nearly thrice the salary of a peasant worker. For the duration of their studies, the students were given free housing for themselves and any family.

</doc>
<doc id="19085330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085330" title="Environment of Idaho">
Environment of Idaho

The environment of Idaho is rich in ecological diversity. Major forest ecosystems include grand fir-Douglas fir forest, cedar-hemlock-pine forest, Douglas fir forest, western ponderosa pine forest, and western spruce-fir forest. While the northern part of the state is dominated by forests, most of the southern part of the state is covered by sagebrush steppe, interspersed with islands of desert and saltbush-greasewood shrublands. 
Many areas in the state are nearly pristine and include some of the largest areas in the United States without paved roads.
Significant fish resources include salmon and steelhead.
Fire.
Fire plays an important role in several ecosystems, including sagebrush steppe, western juniper woodlands, and ponderosa and lodgepole pine. In many of these ecosystems, fire suppression and other land use policies have resulted in significant changes in forest composition and structure. 
In sagebrush steppe, a greater frequency of fires in the last 50 years has resulted in invasion by annual grasses such as cheatgrass and medusahead. In western juniper woodlands, continued grazing and 50 years of attempted fire exclusion have allowed juniper expansion to continue unchecked. Historically, frequent, low-intensity surface fires perpetuated park-like conditions in ponderosa pine stands. Today, after 60 years of fire suppression, many of these forests, along with lodgepole pine forests, have high densities of trees, are plagued by epidemics of insects and diseases, and are subject to severe stand-destroying fires. Significant changes are also occurring in whitebark pine populations of high-elevation forests. In northern Idaho, stands have decreased by anywhere between 50 and 100%, due in part to fire suppression and white pine blister rust, a non-native fungus that has defied control. Fewer than 1 in 10,000 trees is resistant. 
Loss of this forest type may be catastrophic for grizzlies. Even a modest warming and drying could reduce whitebark pine habitat by up to 90%. Whitebark pine nuts and the army cutworm moth
caterpillars found in southeastern forests provide vital food for grizzly bears.
Public parks.
Yellowstone National Park is the most famous of the region’s protected areas. Its intact grizzly bear habitat, rangelands for buffalo, elk, and moose, and spectacular hot springs and geysers attract millions of visitors per year.
Climate change.
Over the last century, the average temperature near Boise, Idaho, has increased nearly 1°F, and precipitation has increased by nearly 20% in many parts of the state, and has declined in other parts of the state by more than 10%. These past trends may or may not continue into the future.
Over the next century, climate in Idaho may experience additional changes. For example, based on projections made by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and results from the United Kingdom Hadley Centre’s climate model (HadCM2), a model that accounts for both greenhouse gases and aerosols, by 2100 temperatures in Idaho could increase by 5°F (with a range of 2-9°F) in winter and summer and 4°F (with a range of 2-7°F) in spring and fall. Precipitation is estimated to change little in summer, to increase by 10% in spring and fall (with a range of 5-20%), and to increase by 20% in winter (with a range of 10-40%). Other climate models may show different results, especially regarding estimated changes in precipitation. The impacts described in the sections that follow take into account estimates from different models. The amount of precipitation on extreme wet or snowy days in winter is likely to increase. The frequency of extreme hot days in summer would increase because of the general warming trend. It is not clear how the severity of storms might be affected, although an increase in the frequency and intensity of winter storms is possible.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19085336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085336" title="Eligio Perucca">
Eligio Perucca

Eligio Perucca (28 Mar. 1890 in Potenza - 5 Jan. 1965 in Rome) was an Italian Physics instructor and researcher at the University of Turin in Italy in the early decades of the twentieth century. He later served a professorship at the nearby Polytechnic University of Turin. He discovered an important principle in stereochemistry in 1919, but his contribution was overlooked and forgotten until recently.
Life and career.
Perucca received a Ph.D. degree in Physics from the University of Pisa at the astoundingly young age of 20. He became Assistant to Professor Naccari in 1911 at the University of Turin, a post he retained for 11 years.
In 1922 Perucca succeeded Professor Majorana to the chair of Experimental Physics at the Polytechnic University of Turin. He retained that appointment until 1960. In addition he was Rector of the Polytechnic from 1947–1955, and largely devoted his energy to rebuilding the physical facilities which had been destroyed during World War II.
Scientific achievements.
Upon arriving at the University of Turin, Perucca launched into the study of polarized light. In 1913 he invented a sensitive light meter known as the "Bilamina de Bravais-Perucca", which is still highly regarded for its precision.
In a paper published in 1919, Perucca reported an experiment which produced optical rotatory dispersion (ORD) as a result of passing linearly polarized light through colored crystals of sodium chlorate. Perucca was attempting to replicate a nineteenth-century experiment (1860) in which amethyst exhibited optical activity in the visible light spectrum. He used a readily-available substitute for the amethyst. Sodium chlorate is chiral as a crystal, but in its natural (undyed) state is transparent and does not exhibit enhanced optical activity, so Perucca added an organic dye (an equilibrium racemic mixture of a triarylmethane textile dye then known as "extra China blue"). His goal was to see if addition of the organic dye on the crystalline structure would induce "enhanced optical activity" (rotation) of light in the 500-600 nm absorption band on the otherwise optically inactive dye.
Perucca reported that the dyed crystal did exhibit the desired optical rotation. However, because his report was not widely distributed, his discovery of this stereochemistry effect was not attributed to him, and when it was later studied by Paul Pfeiffer in Germany beginning in 1931 and reported in the literature, the effect eventually became known as the Pfeiffer Effect.
Perucca's experiment was the forerunner of another field of study which arose in the 1970s, in connection with enantioselective adsorption of racemic mixtures on inorganic crystals. This study was a basic tool in determining the origin of the homochirality of life - scientists are still trying to determine why present earth-based life is based almost exclusively on L-enantiomers, popularly known as "left-handed proteins".
During his tenure at the Turin Polytechnic, Perucca studied the Volta Effect, measuring with high precision the electronegativity between pairs of dissimilar metals. He was able to establish a theoretical correlation between the Volta Effect and the Peltier Effect. In 1928 he discovered that Enrico Fermi's theory on free electrons could be used to predict the constants of the photoelectric effect and thermionic effect in Volta's and Peltier's equations.
In 1930 Perucca turned his attention to the photoelectric effect. He developed a new type of electric-current/voltage measuring device called the "Elettrometro di Perucca" which was highly sensitive.
Replication of experimental result (Nuovo Cimento).
In 2001, University of Washington chemistry professor Bart E. Kahr determined to compile a complete list of studies on crystal dyeing. He happened upon Perucca's nearly-forgotten paper. After studying and researching the subject, Kahr and associates Yonghong Bing and Werner Kaminsky repeated the experiment in 2008, using aniline blue as the dyeing compound. They did confirm the 1919 result. Kahr stated: "Perucca's paper should be viewed as a milestone in the chiroptics literature, as well as in the history of enantioselective chemistry."
Perucca's reputation.
Perucca labored as a government employee during the fascist regime of Benito Mussolini. However, his associates remember him as strongly anti-fascist, not a safe viewpoint in those days. In 1939 Perucca received Mussolini during an official visit to Turin. Rather than donning the black attire which the Duce's supporters affected in his presence, Perucca made "a bold political statement" by wearing fancy ceremonial attire to the meeting.
Perucca once demanded that a student describe the Carnot Cycle during an oral examination. The flustered student was unable to comply, so the professor directed him to draw a circle on the blackboard. He then directed him to draw another circle of equal size nearby. He then said the student had drawn a "Carnot bicycle", that he should get on and ride away, because he had failed the exam.
Perucca once asked a chemistry student why the laboratory's washbasins were located one meter above the laboratory's floor. The confused student stumbled through possibilities such as necessary hydraulic force or sanitary requirements. But Perucca failed the already demoralized student and explained that the basins were so located in order to allow the workers to wash their hands while standing up.

</doc>
<doc id="19085337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085337" title="Idaho Department of Environmental Quality">
Idaho Department of Environmental Quality

The Idaho Department of Environmental Quality is the department of the Idaho state government responsible for administration of state and federal environmental laws and regulations. It is organized into five divisions:
The department also exercises non-regulatory oversight over the Idaho National Laboratory.
The main offices of the department are in Boise, six regional offices are also maintained.
The director of the department reports to the governor. Other regulatory authority is vested in the Idaho Board of Environmental Quality, which, with the advice of the state attorney general, sets rules and regulations carried out by the department.

</doc>
<doc id="19085376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085376" title="Historia Musical">
Historia Musical

Historia Musical (Eng.: "Musical History") is a compilation album released by the romantic music band Los Temerarios with their greatest hits. This album became their second number-one album in the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart.
Tracklisting.
This information from Billboard.com

</doc>
<doc id="19085382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085382" title="Cülyan (40° 53' N 48° 17' E)">
Cülyan (40° 53' N 48° 17' E)

Cülyan (also, Dzhyul’yan and Dzhul’yan) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,262. The municipality consists of the villages of Cülyan, Daxar, and Mulux.

</doc>
<doc id="19085388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085388" title="Whitewater canoeing">
Whitewater canoeing

Whitewater canoeing is the sport of paddling a canoe on a moving body of water, typically a whitewater river. Whitewater canoeing can range from simple, carefree gently moving water, to demanding, dangerous whitewater. River rapids are graded like ski runs according to the difficulty, danger or severity of the rapid. Whitewater grades (or classes) range from I or 1 (the easiest) to VI or 6 (the most difficult/dangerous). Grade/Class I can be described as slightly moving water with ripples. Grade/Class VI can be described as severe or almost unrunnable whitewater, such as Niagara Falls.
Design.
The canoe (or just 'boat') used in casual whitewater canoeing is different from those used in whitewater racing. Traditionally, canoes were made of tree bark, sewn with tree roots and sealed with resin. Early whitewater boats were made of wood followed by aluminum and later fiberglass or kevlar, followed by more exotic composite materials including spectra, vectran and carbon fiber. The various composite materials are still preferred for racing due to the lightweight, but most modern recreational whitewater boats are typically rotomoulded from a tough plastic or molded from a plastic laminate called Royalex which is an ABS plastic that is slightly flexible and very durable, if easily scratched but repairable using either plastic welding or a variety of patch bonding techniques. Boats can range in size from barely long enough to hold the paddler (around long), up to or longer for solo boats and typically 14–16 ft for tandem boats.
History.
Paddling on rivers, lakes and oceans is as old as the Stone Age. The raft, the catamaran, the canoe and the kayak evolved depending on the needs and environment of the indigenous peoples in different parts of the world. The modern day canoe most likely originated about 8,000 years ago.
The Greek, Herodotus, 484-425 BC, wrote in his travel diaries about boats with which merchandise was brought from Armenia to Babylon. The boats were made of a wooden framework that was covered with animal skins. Mules hauled the precious skins back to Armenia.
The Scot, John MacGregor published in 1866 the book "A Thousand Miles in the Roy Rob Canoe". The timing was right and the book became a resounding success. With the Industrial Revolution leading to more leisure time in the middle of the 19th century, people in Europe started to enjoy floating down rivers in all kinds of contraptions taking in nature previously only available to a selected few.
Types.
There are several 'sub-categories' in whitewater canoeing:
River running.
River running can be thought of as a tour down a river, to enjoy the scenery as well as experiencing challenging whitewater. River running includes short day trips as well as longer multi-day trips. Multi-day canoe trips often entail the use of gear-toting rafts to allow a more comfortable experience without a heavily-laden canoe although many people also carry their own gear in their canoes, especially on remote Canadian rivers. Canoes with gear typically are limited to class III whitewater. Sometimes, open touring canoes with gear used on multi-day trips are fitted with fabric spraycovers. Whitewater racing is the competitive aspect of this sub-category, racing canoes down a river as fast as possible.
Creeking.
Creeking is perhaps best thought of as a subcategory of river running, involving very technical and difficult rapids, typically in the Grade/Class IV to VI range. While people will differ on the definition, creeking generally involves higher gradient, approaching or in excess of 100 ft per mi (19 m per km), and is likely to include running ledges, slides, and waterfalls on relatively small and tight rivers, though some will allow for very large and big volume rivers in their definition. Canoes used for creeking usually have higher volume (more gallons or liters of displacement) and more rounded bow and stern, as these features provide an extra margin of safety' against the likelihood of pinning, and will resurface more quickly and controllably when coming off larger drops. Creek boats usually have increased "rocker," or rise, on the bow to go up and over obstacles and obstructions within the river. Extreme racing is a competitive form of this aspect of whitewater canoeing, in which canoers race down steep sections and or generally dangerous sections of whitewater.
Slalom.
Slalom is a technical competitive form of canoeing, and the only whitewater event to appear in the Olympic Games. Racers attempt to make their way from the top to the bottom of a designated section of river as fast as possible, while correctly negotiating gates (a series of double-poles suspended vertically over the river). There are usually 18-25 gates in a race which must be navigated in sequential order. Green gates must be negotiated in a downstream direction, red gates in an upstream direction. The events are typically conducted on Grade/Class II to Grade/Class IV water, but the placement of the gates, and precision necessary to paddle them fast and "clean" (without touching a pole and adding 2 seconds to the total time), makes the moves much harder than the water's difficulty suggests. (Slalom has been described as performing class V moves with class III consequences.) Pro level slalom competitions have specific length ( for kayaks - new rules), width, and weight requirements for the boats, which will be made out of kevlar/fiberglass/carbon fiber composites to be lightweight and have faster hull speed. Plastic whitewater canoes can be used in citizen-level races. In the United States and Canada there are separate slalom organizations and races for decked canoes and open canoes.
Playboating.
Playboating, also known as Freestyle or Rodeo, is a more gymnastic and artistic kind of canoeing. While the other varieties of canoeing generally involve going from Point A to Point B, playboaters often stay in one spot in the river (usually in a hole, pourover or on a wave) where they work with and against the dynamic forces of the river to perform a variety of maneuvers. These can include surfing, spinning, and various vertical moves (cartwheels, loops, blunts, pistol and donkey flips, and many others), spinning the boat on all possible axis of rotation. More recently, aerial moves have become accessible, where paddlers perform tricks having gained air from using the speed and bounce of the wave. Canoes used for playboating generally have relatively low volume in the bow and stern, allowing the paddler to submerge the ends of the canoe with relative ease. Competitions for playboating or freestyle are sometimes called whitewater rodeo in the US, but more frequently just referred to as freestyle events in UK and Europe.
Techniques.
Boofing.
Boofing, in whitewater canoeing, refers to the raising of the canoe's bow during freefall, while descending a ledge, ducking behind a boulder, or running a waterfall. This technique is used to avoid submerging the bow of the canoe by ensuring it lands flat when it hits the base of the waterfall. The term is an onomatopoeia which mimics the sound that is usually created when the hull of the canoe makes contact with water at the base of the waterfall.
Another type of boof is the "rock boof" which is a move that uses a glancing impact with a boulder at the top of a ledge to bounce the boater over a downstream feature, often finished with a mid-air eddy turn. Rock boofs result in sounds both at the top of the drop (boat impacting rock) and the bottom (boat bellyflopping into the water).

</doc>
<doc id="19085393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085393" title="Pratt Rock">
Pratt Rock

Pratt Rock, also known as Pratt's Rock, is a rockface or other landform that includes a series of stone carvings in Prattsville, New York depicting the life of Zadock Pratt. Pratt was supposed to be buried in a tomb carved into the stone, but work was stopped after only a small recessed chamber was created because water leaked through the rock overhead, and excavating the stone was providing to be too difficult. The rock was originally a monument for Pratt's son, George W. Pratt, who was killed in the Civil War. It is considered the first memorial for the Civil War.
Ripley's "Believe it or Not" once called it "New York's Mt. Rushmore". 
As Pratt Rock Park, the place was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19085396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085396" title="Cülyan (40° 49' N 48° 11' E)">
Cülyan (40° 49' N 48° 11' E)

Cülyan (also, Dzhyul’yan and Dzhul’yan) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 187. 

</doc>
<doc id="19085400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085400" title="Saint Joseph">
Saint Joseph

Joseph (Hebrew יוֹסֵף, "Yosef"; "Yosip"; , "Ioseph") is a figure in the Gospels, the husband of Mary, the mother of Jesus and the step father of Jesus. In Roman Catholic, Eastern Orthodox and Anglican Christian traditions, he is regarded as Saint Joseph.
The Pauline epistles, generally considered the earliest extant Christian records, make no reference to Jesus' father; nor does the Gospel of Mark, generally considered the first of the gospels. The first appearance of Joseph is therefore in the gospels of Matthew and Luke. Each contains a genealogy of Jesus tracing his ancestry back to King David, but the two are from different sons of David; Matthew follows the major royal line from Solomon, while Luke follows a minor line from Nathan, another son of David and Bathsheba. Consequently all the names between David and Joseph are different. According to Matthew "Jacob was the father of Joseph," while according to Luke, Joseph, or possibly Jesus, is said to be "of Heli." Some scholars reconcile the genealogies by viewing the Solomonic lineage in Matthew as Joseph's major royal line, and the Nathanic lineage in Luke to be Mary's minor line.
Matthew and Luke are also the only gospels to include the infancy narratives, and again they differ. In Luke, Joseph lives in Nazareth and travels to Bethlehem in compliance with the requirements of a Roman census. Subsequently, Jesus was born there. In Matthew, Joseph was in Bethlehem, the city of David, where Jesus is born, and then moves to Nazareth with his family after the death of Herod. Matthew is the only Gospel to include the narrative of the Massacre of the Innocents and the Flight into Egypt: following the nativity, Joseph stays in Bethlehem for an unspecified period (perhaps two years) until forced by Herod to take refuge in Egypt; on the death of Herod he brings his family back to Judea, and settles in Nazareth. After this point there is no further mention of Joseph by name, although the story of Jesus in the Temple, in Jesus' 12th year, includes a reference to "both his parents". Christian tradition represents Mary as a widow during the adult ministry of her son. The gospels describe Joseph as a "tekton" (τέκτων); traditionally the word has been taken to mean "carpenter", though the Greek term evokes an artisan with wood in general, or an artisan in iron or stone. Very little other information on Joseph is given in the gospels. He is never quoted. Matthew records four dreams in which Joseph is supernaturally instructed before, and after, the birth and early years of Jesus. In the first dream, an angel confirms to Joseph that Mary is with child, conceived by the Holy Spirit, that she will bear a son to be named Jesus, Who will save His people from their sins; and Joseph should, therefore, not be reluctant to marry her. In the second dream, an angel tells Joseph to take Mary and Jesus to Egypt (from Bethlehem) and remain until the angel instructs further, because Herod is seeking to kill Jesus. In Joseph's third dream, an angel instructs Joseph to return his family to Israel, implying that Herod is dead. However, Joseph hears that Herod's son Archelaus reigns over Judea, and he is afraid to continue the journey. In the fourth dream, God Himself warns Joseph to avoid returning to Judea (Bethlehem). Joseph then settles Mary and Jesus in the region of Galilee in Nazareth.
Joseph is venerated as a saint in the Catholic, Eastern Orthodox, Oriental Orthodox, Anglican, Lutheran and Methodist faiths. In Catholic and other traditions, Joseph is the patron saint of workers and has several feast days. He was also declared to be the patron saint and protector of the Catholic Church by Pope Pius IX in 1870, and is the patron of several countries and regions. With the growth of Mariology, the theological field of "Josephology" has also grown and since the 1950s centres for studying it have been formed.
Paul and the canonical Gospels.
Joseph in the New Testament.
The epistles of Paul are generally regarded as the oldest extant Christian writings. These mention Jesus' mother (without naming her), but do not refer to his father – other than God (Romans 15:26 etc.). The oldest gospel, that of Mark, also does not mention Jesus' father. Joseph first appears in the Gospels of Matthew and Luke, generally regarded as later than Mark. Luke names Joseph's father as Heli, and Matthew names his father as Jacob, which parallels the Old Testament Joseph (whose father was also named Jacob) and is in keeping with that gospel's depiction of Jesus as a second Moses. This theme is developed further in the infancy narratives, which, like the genealogies, have the function of establishing Jesus as the promised Messiah, the descendant of David, born in Bethlehem.
Like the two differing genealogies, the infancy narratives appear only in Matthew and Luke, and take different approaches to reconciling the requirement that the Messiah be born in Bethlehem with the tradition that Jesus came from Nazareth. In Matthew, Joseph obeys the direction of an angel to marry Mary and then to flee to Egypt to escape the massacre of the children of Bethlehem planned by Herod the Great, the tyrant who rules Judea. Once Herod has died, the angel tells him to return to Galilee instead of to Bethlehem, and so Joseph takes his wife and the child to Nazareth and settles there. Thus in Matthew, the infant Jesus, like Moses, is in peril from a cruel king, like Moses he has a (fore)father named Joseph who goes down to Egypt, like the Old Testament Joseph this Joseph has a father named Jacob, and both Josephs receive important dreams foretelling their future. In Luke, Joseph already lives in Nazareth, and Jesus is born in Bethlehem because Joseph and Mary have to travel there to be counted in a census. Luke's account makes no mention of angels and dreams, the Massacre of the Innocents, or of a visit to Egypt.
The last time Joseph appears in person in any Gospel is the story of the Passover visit to the Temple in Jerusalem when Jesus is 12 years old, found only in Luke. Like the infancy narratives the story is didactic, emphasising Jesus' awareness of his coming mission: here Jesus speaks to his parents (both of them) of "my father," meaning God, but they fail to understand.().
None of the Gospels mentions Joseph as present at any event during Jesus' adult ministry. The synoptic Gospels, however, share a scene in which the people of Nazareth, Jesus' hometown, doubt Jesus' status as a prophet because they know his family. In Mark 6:3, they call Jesus "Mary's son" instead of naming his father. In Matthew, the townspeople call Jesus "the carpenter's son," again without naming his father, and again he has brothers named James, and Joses (i.e., Joseph), and Simon, and Judas (). In Luke 3:23 "And Jesus himself began to be about thirty years of age, being (as was supposed) the son of Joseph, which was son of Heli," and Luke makes no mention of any brothers (). In Luke the tone is positive, whereas in Mark and Matthew it is disparaging. This incident does not appear at all in John, but in a parallel story the disbelieving Jews refer to "Jesus the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know" ().
Joseph is not mentioned as being present at the Wedding at Cana at the beginning of Jesus' mission, nor at the Passion at the end. If he had been present at the Crucifixion, he would under Jewish custom have been expected to take charge of Jesus' body, but this role is instead performed by Joseph of Arimathea. Nor would Jesus have entrusted his mother to John's care had her husband been alive.
Gospel harmony.
A sample Gospel harmony of the episodes of the life of Saint Joseph in the canonical Gospels, in summary form of harmonies for the four gospels.
Professional life.
Jesus is identified in the Gospel of Matthew as the son of a τέκτων ("tekton") and the Gospel of Mark states that Jesus was a Tektōn himself. "Tekton" has been traditionally translated into English as "carpenter", but is a rather general word (from the same root that gives us "technical" and "technology") that could cover makers of objects in various materials, even builders. But the specific association with woodworking is a constant in Early Christian tradition; Justin Martyr (died c. 165) wrote that Jesus made yokes and ploughs, and there are similar early references.
John Dominic Crossan puts "tekton" into a historical context more resembling an itinerant worker than an established artisan, emphasizing his marginality in a population in which a peasant who owns land could become quite prosperous. Other scholars have argued that "tekton" could equally mean a highly skilled craftsman in wood or the more prestigious metal, perhaps running a workshop with several employees, and noted sources recording the shortage of skilled artisans at the time. Geza Vermes has stated that the terms 'carpenter' and 'son of a carpenter' are used in the Jewish Talmud to signify a very learned man, and he suggests that a description of Joseph as 'naggar' (a carpenter) could indicate that he was considered wise and highly literate in the Torah.
At the time of Joseph, Nazareth was an obscure village in Galilee, about from the Holy City of Jerusalem, which is barely mentioned in surviving non-Christian texts and documents. Archaeology over most of the site is made impossible by subsequent building, but from what has been excavated and tombs in the area around the village, it is estimated that the population was at most about 400. It was, however, only about 6 kilometres from the city of Tzippori (ancient "Sepphoris"), which was destroyed by the Romans in 4 BC, and thereafter was expensively rebuilt. Analysis of the landscape and other evidence suggest that in Joseph's lifetime Nazareth was "oriented towards" the nearby city, which had an overwhelmingly Jewish population although with many signs of Hellenization, and historians have speculated that Joseph and later Jesus too might have traveled daily to work on the rebuilding. Specifically the large theatre in the city has been suggested, although this has aroused much controversy over dating and other issues. Other scholars see Joseph and Jesus as the general village craftsmen, working in wood, stone and metal on a wide variety of jobs.
Modern appraisal.
The name of Joseph is found almost exclusively in the genealogies and the infancy narratives. The variances between the genealogies given in Matthew and Luke are explained on the basis that Matthew's genealogy traces his legal descent, according to Jewish law, through St. Joseph; while Luke's genealogy traces his actual physical descent through Mary.
Modern positions on the question of the relationship between Joseph and the Virgin Mary vary. The Eastern Orthodox Church, which names Joseph's first wife as Salome, holds that Joseph was a widower and merely betrothed, but never married, to Mary, and that references to Jesus' "brothers" are to children of Joseph and Salome. The position of the Catholic Church, derived from the writings of Saint Jerome, is that Joseph was the husband of Mary, but that references to Jesus' "brothers" should be understood to mean cousins or step-brothers. In both cases, the church doctrine of the Perpetual Virginity means that Joseph and Mary never had sexual relations. The Protestant churches, following the tenet of Virgin Birth but not that of Perpetual Virginity, hold no strong views on the subject.
Later apocryphal writings.
The canonical gospels created a problem: they stated clearly that Mary was a virgin when she conceived Jesus, and that Joseph was not his father; yet Joseph's paternity was essential to establish Jesus' Davidic descent, and he and Mary were so much husband and wife that only divorce could dissolve their union (Matthew 1:19). The theological situation was complicated by the gospel references to Jesus' "brothers and sisters" (repeated in Paul, where James is called the "brother of Christ"), and by the fact that he was described unambiguously by John and Mark as "Joseph's son" and "the carpenter's son." From the 2nd century to the 5th writers tried to explain how Jesus could be simultaneously the "son of God" as well as the "son of Joseph".
The first to offer a solution was the apocryphal Protoevangelium of James, written about 150 AD. The original gospels never refer to Joseph's age, but James presents him as an old man chosen by lot (i.e., by God) to watch over the Virgin. Jesus' brothers are presented as Joseph's children by an earlier marriage, and his years and righteousness explain why he has not yet had sex with his wife: "I received her by lot as my wife, and she is not yet my wife, but she has conceived by the Holy Spirit."
The Protoevangelium was extremely popular, but it leaves open the possibility that Joseph might have had relations with Mary after the birth of Jesus ("she is not yet my wife..."). A few centuries later the developing doctrine that Mary was a virgin not only at the time of the conception and birth of Christ, but throughout her life, meant that this possibility had to be excluded. The apocryphal History of Joseph the Carpenter, written in the 5th century and framed as a biography of Joseph dictated by Jesus, describes how Joseph, aged 90 (the Protoevangelium had not given Joseph a specific age), a widower with four sons and two daughters, is given charge of the twelve-year-old Mary, who then lives in his household raising his youngest son James the Less (the supposed author of the Protoevengelium) until she is ready to be married at age 14½. Joseph's death at the age of 111, attended by angels and asserting the perpetual virginity of Mary, takes up approximately half the story.
Sainthood.
Together with the Blessed Virgin Mary and the Child Jesus, Joseph is one of the three members of the Holy Family; since he only appears in the birth narratives of the Gospels, Jesus is depicted as a child when with him. The formal veneration of the Holy Family began in the 17th century by François de Laval.
The earliest records of a formal devotional following for Saint Joseph date to the year 800 and references to him as "nutritor Domini" (educator/guardian of the Lord) began to appear in the 9th century, and continued growing to the 14th century. Saint Thomas Aquinas discussed the necessity of the presence of Saint Joseph in the plan of the Incarnation for if Mary had not been married, the Jews would have stoned her and that in his youth Jesus needed the care and protection of a human father.
In the 15th century, major steps were taken by Saint Bernardine of Siena, Pierre d'Ailly and Jean Gerson. Gerson wrote "Consideration sur Saint Joseph" and preached sermons on Saint Joseph at the Council of Constance. In 1889 Pope Leo XIII issued the encyclical "Quamquam Pluries" in which he urged Catholics to pray to Saint Joseph, as the patron of the Church in view of the challenges facing the Church.
Josephology, the study of the "theology of Saint Joseph", is one of the most recent theological disciplines. In 1989, on the occasion of the centenary of Quamquam Pluries Pope John Paul II issued "Redemptoris Custos", i.e. "Guardian of the Redeemer" which presented Saint Joseph's role in the plan of redemption, as part of the "redemption documents" issued by John Paul II such as Redemptoris Mater to which it refers.
Feast days.
March 19, Saint Joseph's Day, has been the principal feast day of Saint Joseph in Western Christianity since the 10th century, and is celebrated by Catholics, Anglicans, many Lutherans and other denominations. In Eastern Orthodoxy, the feast day of Saint Joseph is celebrated on the First Sunday after the Nativity of Christ.
In 1870, Pope Pius IX declared Joseph patron of the universal Church and instituted another feast, with an octave, to be held in his honour on Wednesday in the second week after Easter. This was abolished by Pope Pius XII, when in 1955 he established the Feast of "St. Joseph the Worker", to be celebrated on 1 May. This date counteracts May Day, a union, workers and socialists holiday and reflects Joseph's status as what many Catholics and other Christians consider the "patron of workers" and "model of workers." Catholic and other Christian teachings and stories about or relating to Joseph and the Holy Family frequently stress his patience, persistence, and hard work as admirable qualities which believers should adopt.
Pope John XXIII added the name of Joseph to the Canon of the Mass. Pope Francis had his name added to the three other Eucharistic Prayers, not just the Roman Canon (Eucharistic Prayer I).
The 19 March Feast is a Solemnity (first class if using the Tridentine calendar), and is transferred to another date if impeded. It would be impeded on 19 March if that day is a Sunday or in Holy Week.
The 1 May celebration is an Optional Memorial, and so is omitted if impeded, unless the day is raised to a higher rank because St. Joseph is the patron of the church, diocese, place, or institution. (However, the 1 May celebration is 1st class in the Tridentine calendar, so in it St. Joseph the Worker was celebrated on 2 May in 2008 because 1 May was Ascension Thursday and in 2011 because 1 May was in the Easter octave.)
Patronage.
Pope Pius IX proclaimed Saint Joseph the patron of the Universal Church in 1870, the unofficial patron against doubt and hesitation, as well as the patron saint of fighting communism, and of a happy death. Having died in the "arms of Jesus and Mary" according to Catholic tradition, he is considered the model of the pious believer who receives grace at the moment of death.
Saint Joseph is the patron saint of a number of cities, regions and countries, among them the Americas, Canada, China, Mexico, Korea, Austria, Belgium, Peru, the Philippines and Vietnam, as well as of families, fathers, expectant mothers (pregnant women), travelers, immigrants, house sellers and buyers, craftsmen, engineers, and working people in general. (For full list, see External lists: "Saint Joseph at Patron Saints Index")
Places, churches and Institutions.
Many cities, towns, and locations are named after Saint Joseph. According to the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, the Spanish form, "San Jose", is the most common place name in the world. Probably the most-recognized San Joses are San José, Costa Rica, and San Jose, California, United States, given their name by Spanish colonists. Joseph is the patron saint of the New World; of the countries China, Canada, Korea, Mexico, Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Peru, Vietnam; of the regions Carinthia, Styria, Tyrol, Sicily; and of several main cities and dioceses.
Many churches, monasteries and other institutions are dedicated to Saint Joseph. Saint Joseph's Oratory is the largest church in Canada, with the largest dome of its kind in the world after that of Saint Peter's Basilica in Rome. Elsewhere in the world churches named after the saint may be known as those of "San Giuseppe", e.g. San Giuseppe dei Teatini, "San José", e.g. Metropolitan Cathedral of San José or "São José", e.g. in Porto Alegre, Brazil.
The Sisters of St. Joseph were founded as an order in 1650 and have about 14,013 members worldwide. In 1871, the Josephite Fathers of the Roman Catholic Church were created under the patronage of Joseph, intending to work with the poor. The first Josephites in America re-devoted their part of the Order to ministry within the newly-emancipated African American community. The Oblates of St. Joseph were founded in 1878 by St. Joseph Marello. In 1999 their Shrine of Saint Joseph the Guardian of the Redeemer was named after the Apostolic exhortation "Redemptoris Custos".
Prayers and devotions.
In the Eastern Orthodox Church, during the feast day of Saint Joseph the following hymn is chanted:
In the Catholic tradition, just as there are prayers for the Seven Joys of Mary and Seven Sorrows of Mary, so there are also prayers for the seven joys and seven sorrows of Saint Joseph; these include prayers for daily protection, vocation, happy marriage, happy death, and hopeless cases; specific prayers, novenas and devotions include the Prayer to Saint Joseph and the Novena to Saint Joseph. St. Francis de Sales included Saint Joseph along with Virgin Mary as saints to be invoked during prayers in his "Introduction to the Devout Life", Saint Teresa of Avila attributed her recovery of health to Saint Joseph and recommended him as an advocate, and Saint Therese of Lisieux stated that for a period of time, every day she prayed to "Saint Joseph, Father and Protector of Virgins..." and felt safe and protected from danger as a result, and Pius X composed a prayer to Saint Joseph which begins:
There is a belief that planting a statue of St. Joseph on a house will help sell the house. This belief is held by some theists as well as atheists, but traditional Christian teachings view it as superstition and not a devotion.
In art.
Up to about the 17th century Joseph tends to be depicted as a man advanced in years, with grey hair, often balding, occasionally frail and with arthritic fingers and a sharp nose, a comparatively marginal figure alongside Mary and Jesus if not entirely in the background, passive other than when leading them on their flight to Egypt. Joseph is shown mostly with a beard, not only in keeping with Jewish custom, but also because – although the Gospel accounts do not give his age – later literature tends to present him as an old man at the time of his wedding to Mary. This depiction arose to allay concerns about both the celibacy of the newly wedded couple, the mention of brothers and sisters of Jesus in the canonical Gospels, and Joseph's other children spoken of in apocryphal literature – concerns discussed very frankly by Jean Gerson for example, who nonetheless favoured showing him as a younger man.
In recent centuries – in step with a growing interest in Joseph's role in Gospel exegesis – he himself has become a focal figure in representations of the Holy Family. He is now often portrayed as a younger or even youthful man (perhaps especially in Protestant depictions), whether going about his work as a carpenter, or participating actively in the daily life of Mary and Jesus as an equal and openly affectionate member. Art critic Waldemar Januszczak however emphasises the preponderance of Joseph's representation as an old man and sees this as the need, " to explain away his impotence: indeed to symbolise it. In Guido Reni's Nativity, Mary is about 15, and he is about 70 - for the real love affair - is the one between the Virgin Mary and us. She is young. She is perfect. She is virginal - it is Joseph's task to stand aside and let us desire her, religiously. It takes a particularly old, a particularly grey, a particularly kindly and a particularly feeble man to do that. It takes a Joseph. Banished in vast numbers to the backgrounds of all those gloomy stables in all those ersatz Bethlehems, his complex iconographic task is to stand aside and let his wife be worshipped by the rest of us. He is God's cuckold. And art has no choice but to point this out - while, of course, appearing not to." 
Full cycles of his life are rare in the Middle Ages, though the scenes from the "Life of the Virgin" or "Life of Christ" where he is present are far more often seen. The Mérode Altarpiece of about 1425, where he has a panel to himself, working as a carpenter, is an early example of what remained relatively rare depictions of him pursuing his métier. Some statues of Joseph depict his staff as topped with flowers, recalling the non-canonical Protoevangelion's account of how Mary's spouse was chosen by collecting walking sticks of widowers in Palestine, and Joseph's alone bursting into flower, thus identifying him as divinely chosen. Several Eastern Orthodox Nativity icons show Joseph tempted by the Devil (depicted as an old man with furled wings) to break off his betrothal, and how he resists that temptation. There are some paintings with him wearing a Jewish hat.

</doc>
<doc id="19085403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085403" title="Cülyan">
Cülyan

Cülyan or Dzhyul’yan or Dzhul’yan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19085419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085419" title="Action For Economic Reforms">
Action For Economic Reforms

Action for Economic Reforms (AER) is a Philippine non-government organization engaged in research and advocacy. It was founded in 1996 by a group of progressive scholars and activists as an "independent, reform-oriented and activist policy group".
AER works on macroeconomic issues, with an emphasis on fiscal policy and tax policy and administration, and looks at their impact on equity, poverty reduction, and sustainability. As part of its macroeconomic intervention, AER also addresses exchange rate, monetary, and trade issues. 
AER likewise concerns itself with creating the conditions for long-term growth. In this context, AER gives attention to the role of institutions. It has pursued advocacy on building state capacity that will enable markets and correct both market and government failures. A key aspect of the work on institutions is the promotion of transparency, especially pushing for a Freedom of Information law in the Philippines. 
AER also forges strong links with civil society organizations, legislators and other government officials, as well as technocrats and academics towards building alliances to secure progressive reforms.
While Philippine concerns occupy an extensive part of its programs, AER is also known for its regional and global work on crucial development issues like financing for development, the Millennium Development Goals, international trade, capital flows, regional integration as well as government transparency and disclosure. Among official multilateral institutions that AER has worked with are United Nations agencies, the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, the Asian Development Bank, and the European Union. Among AER's international NGO partners are Christian Aid, Oxfam, Focus on the Global South,the Global Transparency Initiative, the International Development Economic Associates (IDEAs) and the Tax Justice Network. It has also collaborated with renowned economists including Nobel Prize recipient Joseph Stiglitz and UN Assistant Secretary-General for Economic Development Jomo K. Sundaram. 
AER writes weekly columns in two major Philippine business dailies. "Yellow Pad" is published in the BusinessWorld and takes on political, social and economic policy issues affecting the Philippines. Manuel Buencamino writes political commentaries for AER in the Business Mirror column, called "Dispatches from the Enchanted Kingdom". These articles, policy papers, and statements can be found on the AER website as well as in the Socioeconomic Research Portal of the Philippines. AER has publications such as The State and the Market : Essays on a Socially Oriented Philippine Economy and The Philippine Electric Power Industry Reform.

</doc>
<doc id="19085428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085428" title="Hidesaburō Kurushima">
Hidesaburō Kurushima

Hidesaburō Kurushima (久留島 秀三郎) (September 11, 1888 – September 22, 1970) was a President, International Commissioner, and Chairman of the National Board of the Boy Scouts of Japan, the younger brother of .
He was the discoverer of Hakore hot springs.
In 1967, Kurushima was awarded the 43rd "Bronze Wolf", the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting, at the 21st World Scout Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="19085457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085457" title="Energy Markets Emergency Act of 2008">
Energy Markets Emergency Act of 2008

The Energy Markets Emergency Act of 2008 (H.R.6377) is a bill in the 110th Congress that "directs the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to use its authority to deal with issues causing major market disturbances." More specifically, the legislation directs the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to utilize all its authority, including its emergency powers, to curb immediately excessive speculation, price distortion, sudden or unreasonable fluctuations or unwarranted changes in prices, or other unlawful activity that is allegedly causing major market disturbances that prevent the market from accurately reflecting the forces of supply and demand for commodities. 
Not Passed.
The bill was passed in the House. But in the Senate, sixty "yes" votes were required for the July 25, 2008 cloture motion to be successful, but the measure received only 50 "yes" votes with 43 lawmakers opposed. Senate Democrats said the legislation was needed to give the government new powers to curb alleged speculators, whom some lawmakers accuse of being behind the run-up in crude oil and gasoline prices. However, Senate Republicans strongly opposed the bill, arguing the legislation should be modified to also boost U.S. oil production by allowing more offshore drilling and developing vast oil shale fields in the West.

</doc>
<doc id="19085462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085462" title="Çiyni, Ujar">
Çiyni, Ujar

Çiyni, Ujar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19085500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085500" title="Syd van der Vyver">
Syd van der Vyver

Syd van der Vyver (1920 – 20 August 1989 in Pennington) was a racing driver from South Africa, who won the South African Drivers Championship in 1960 and 1961.
Career.
After starting his motor sport career in speedway, van der Vyver switched to cars in the early 1950s, participating in both circuit racing and hillclimbing. He found success quickly, and by the end of the decade had established himself as one of the top drivers in the country. As well as winning the national championship twice in the early 1960s, he performed well in Formula One races against the top drivers in the world in the well-attended Rand Grand Prix, Natal Grand Prix and South African Grand Prix, finishing in the top 10 in all three races in 1961.
He had entered the World Championship 1962 South African Grand Prix, but had to withdraw after rolling and seriously damaging his new Lotus 24 the previous week in the 1962 Natal Grand Prix. This was his only entry to a World Championship Grand Prix. With the car repaired, he raced and won again in local events, but did not compete again in Formula One. After this car was destroyed in a fire, van der Vyver retired from the sport. 
Results.
Complete Formula One World Championship results.
(key) 

</doc>
<doc id="19085530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085530" title="88-Keys">
88-Keys

Charles Misodi Njapa, better known by his stage name 88-Keys, is an American record producer and rapper.
Biography.
Born in Harlem, New York to West African parents, 88-Keys first took an interest in hip hop after hearing Prince Paul's production on De La Soul's 1989 critically acclaimed album "3 Feet High and Rising". In the early '90's, 88-Keys met A Tribe Called Quest's Q-Tip, DJ-producer Pete Rock and producer Large Professor working as an intern at West Hempstead's The Music Palace recording studio. It was Large Professor who gave Charles his 88-Keys moniker after witnessing his skills on the Ensoniq ASR-10 keyboard.
However, 88-Keys's parents were strict on education and less enthusiastic about his interest in the then-newly emerging cultural phenomenon of hip hop. Both of 88-Keys's parents are registered nurses, his brother is a doctor, one of his older sisters is a nurse and another sister is on her way to becoming a doctor. Upon considering a serious career in music, 88-Keys's parents and older brother began trying to point him into the field of medicine because it was a more "professional field" and the music industry didn't seem like a lucrative move. After briefly attending Hofstra University and Queens College, 88-Keys dropped out to pursue his dreams of being a record producer. His decision was fueled by an opportunity to record some tracks with The Pharcyde who were recording in California. 88-Keys currently resides in New York with his wife and two daughters. In addition to his passion for music, 88-Keys has expressed his love for fashion, most notably Ralph Lauren. During an interview with "Metro" 88-Keys revealed that he has worn Polo Ralph Lauren every day for 16 years.
According to the article, 88-Keys began wearing Polo Ralph Lauren as a Long Island high school student in 1992 when he developed a liking for its classic, preppy style. Since then, he's worn a complete look from the brand every day, without fail. His wardrobe includes over 700 Polo pieces.
Since his days as an assistant engineer, 88-Keys has produced records for numerous artists including Mos Def, Talib Kweli, Kid Cudi, Macy Gray, Musiq Soulchild and Consequence. Recently, 88-Keys extended beyond his production credits to highlight his skills on the mic as MC, singer and collaborator, most notably on his solo debut album "The Death of Adam" released on November 11, 2008. Executively produced by 88-Keys's close friend Kanye West, the concept album tells the story of a man named Adam who has been murdered in a loft apartment in Harlem. In August 2008 a fifteen-track mixtape titled "Adam's Case Files" was released as a prequel to "The Death of Adam". The album's first single titled "Stay Up! (Viagra)" was officially released through iTunes on September 9, 2008. In December 2008, 88-Keys was highlighted as "Spin (magazine)" Artist of the Day. In 2009, 88-Keys worked in Atlanta with new female duo Addictive on a track for a forthcoming album.

</doc>
<doc id="19085577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085577" title="Dahrav">
Dahrav

Dahrav may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19085583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085583" title="Gustavo J. Vollmer">
Gustavo J. Vollmer

Gustavo J. Vollmer Herrera of the Asociación de Scouts de Venezuela is a civil engineer who served on the World Scout Committee of the World Organization of the Scout Movement from 1963 to 1969 and again from 1973 to 1979.
In 1969, Vollmer was awarded the "Bronze Wolf", the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting, at the 22nd World Scout Conference. He also received the Silver Buffalo in 1965.
Vollmer is the oldest surviving member of the Vollmer clan in Venezuela, the country's oldest business dynasty. Although extremely low profile, the Vollmer family maintains an active management role handling the operations of the Santa Teresa Rum company located in El Consejo, Aragua, as well as Grupo Palmar, a vast sugar cane mill and plantation Vollmer owns in neighboring El Palmar, Aragua. To conclude, the Vollmer family also leads and controls Mercantil Servicios Financieros, the country's leading financial services institution.

</doc>
<doc id="19085603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085603" title="Sensation (album)">
Sensation (album)

Sensation, an album by Anúna, was released in 2006 on the Danú label. All music featured on the disc is original, written by the Irish composer Michael McGlynn.
Track listing.
All titles are originals, composed and arranged by Michael McGlynn

</doc>
<doc id="19085615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085615" title="Dəhnə, Quba">
Dəhnə, Quba

Dəhnə is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Püstəqasım.

</doc>
<doc id="19085637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085637" title="Gömürdəhnə">
Gömürdəhnə

Gömürdəhnə (also, Gümür Dəhnə, Dəhnə, Gömür-Dəhnə, Gyumyurdekhnya, and Gemir”-dagnya) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 227. The municipality consists of the villages of Gömürdəhnə and Puçuq.

</doc>
<doc id="19085642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085642" title="Mij">
Mij

Mij may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19085646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085646" title="The Other Boleyn Girl (disambiguation)">
The Other Boleyn Girl (disambiguation)

The Other Boleyn Girl is a historical fiction novel by Philippa Gregory. Film adaptions of the novel include:

</doc>
<doc id="19085689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085689" title="Jayshree Gadkar">
Jayshree Gadkar

__NOTOC__
Jayshree Gadkar (21 February 1942 – 29 August 2008) was a noted Marathi and Hindi Cinema movie actress and a star of Marathi cinema in from the 1950s up to the 1980s.
Personal life.
Jayashree was born in a Konkani-speaking family at Kanasgiri (Sadashivgad) near Karwar in the Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka, India. She got married to Bal Dhuri, a theatre actor best known for his portrayal of Dasharatha in Ramanand Sagars TV serial, "Ramayana" (where Jayashree herself played his wife, Kaushalya). She also published an autobiography, Ashi Mi Jayshri.
Career.
She began her career as a child dance artist. She entered films as a tamasha dancer in movies. Her first role was that of a group dancer in V. Shantaram's "Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baaje" in 1955 which featured Sandhya as the leading lady. Later, well known Marathi film Director Dinkar D patil gave her a break in a small role with dance in his Marathi film "Disat Tasa Nasat" opposite Raja Gosavi. This was followed by "Sangtye Aika," an tamasha-based movie which was the first in which she played a leading role. This helped her gain fame and recognition and she started doing heroine roles. She eventually became one of the most successful and prolific heriones in the history of the Marathi film industry.
Jayshree acted in about 250 films over a period of four decades. Her filmography was varied and included a rich repertoire of tamasha stories as also mythologicals in addition to socials and love stories. Her films include:
In later years, Jayashree turned film director. Her directorial efforts include "Saasar Maher" and "Ashi Asavi Saasu." She also acted in Ramanand Sagar's TV Series Ramayana as Kaushalya (mother of Rama) along with her husband Bal Dhuri, who was Dasharath (father of Rama). Her home adores with the photo of both in Ramayana costume.
Her Autobiography Ashi Me Jayshree published in 1986.
Awards.
Gadkar has received awards for her part in the films "Manini", "Vaijantha", "Sawaal Majha Aika!", and "Saadhi Mansa".

</doc>
<doc id="19085699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085699" title="James Chan Khay Syn">
James Chan Khay Syn

James Chan Khay Syn is the fourth and current mayor of Kuching South City Council. He is also the former General Manager of Harwood Timber Sdn Bhd, a subsidiary of the Sarawak Timber Industry Development Corporation (STIDC). He succeeded the late Chong Ted Tsiung, the third mayor of Kuching South City, who died on August 3, 2007. Chan was sworn in as mayor on 4 June 2008, before he could fully recover from his knee surgery. Mayor Chan is known to be a "hands on" Mayor as he constantly visit sites and markets such as Stutong Market to understand the situation and problems faced by people. Mayor Chan is well respected and liked by most of the Kuching South people and he is rated highly in his performance. It is not surprised when he was doubted the "People's Mayor".
Rumors has it that Mayor Chan might be running for the State Representative of the Kuching Constituency in the upcoming State Election.

</doc>
<doc id="19085715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085715" title="2006 FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship">
2006 FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship

The FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship 2006 is the 2006 edition of the International Basketball Federation FIBA Asia's youth championship for basketball. The games were held at Urumqi, China
The top 3 teams qualified for the 2007 FIBA Under-19 World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19085735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085735" title="General (Sweden)">
General (Sweden)

General, is the highest officer's rank in Sweden and Finland. In Sweden, it is held by the Supreme Commander () of the Swedish Armed Forces and the monarch. In Finland, it is held by the Chief of Defence. In Sweden, the monarch still holds the nominal rank of General as well as Admiral and General of the Air Force.
Finnish Defence Forces rank of "kenraali" is comparable to Ranks of NATO armies officers as OF-9.
Holders of the rank in Finland.
In peacetime the rank of Full General is reserved for the Commander of Finnish Defence Forces. Sometimes a General's branch of service is indicated in the rank. So far Finland has had seventeen of "jalkaväenkenraali" (General of Infantry), a few of "jääkärikenraali" (Jägergeneral), two of "ratsuväenkenraali" (General of Cavalry) and one "tykistönkenraali" (General of Artillery). Marshal Mannerheim himself was the other one of the two Generals of Cavalry before his promotion to Field Marshal.

</doc>
<doc id="19085748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085748" title="2002 Brasil Open – Men's Singles">
2002 Brasil Open – Men's Singles

Jan Vacek was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Gustavo Kuerten won in the final 6–7(4–7), 7–5, 7–6(7–2) against Guillermo Coria.

</doc>
<doc id="19085753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085753" title="Conception dreams">
Conception dreams

Conception dreams are dreams that are said to foretell the conception or birth of a child, dreamt by the future mother or people close to her. The belief that a dream will foretell a baby's birth originates from China, and is found in some East Asian countries.
In Korea.
In Korea conception dreams are known as 태몽("taemong"). Many women in Korean culture report having such dreams themselves. Popular topics of the dreams include fruit (such apples, persimmons, cherries, chestnuts), animals (tigers, snakes, goldfish), nature (rivers, rainbows), children and jewels. The dreamer might eat or take fruits, embrace animals, or interact with nature. The topic is believed to influence the gender or the future of the baby; for example, fruits are seen as a sign for a baby girl.
The person having the dream can be the mother herself, but close family members such as her mother or the husband can also have conception dreams instead of the mother.
Dreams are often considered to be omens, and sometimes people will "buy" dreams from friends, if they feel it is a good omen or a good conception dream.
Accounts of conception dreams can be found in numerous old histories. One example is the conception dream of Kim Yushin, from the 6th century CE, documented in the Samguk Sagi.

</doc>
<doc id="19085761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085761" title="Sri Kaliswari College">
Sri Kaliswari College

Sri Kaliswari College is housed in a campus in a three-storied Palatial Building on the Sivakasi Virudhunagar Highway, at a distance of about 7 k.m from Sivakasi.
Sri Kaliswari College is an Arts and Science college in South India.
It has been established by the trust of the fireworks, safety matches, pyrotechnics, metal powder industries etc., Sri Kaliswari Group of Industries, Sivakasi.
The college, which was started with just three courses in the year 2000-2001, now has 12 Under Graduate courses, 6 Post Graduate Courses and two Research Programmes affiliated to Madurai Kamaraj University.
Separate hostels for men and women with modern amenities are available in the campus. A mineral water plant is installed for drinking water. Frequent buses are available from both Virudhunagar and Sivakasi to the College. To bring the students from Virudhunagar, Srivilliputtur, Rajapalayam, Sattur, Vembakottai and Sivakasi, the college has owned a large number of buses.

</doc>
<doc id="19085766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085766" title="Jeff Goodell">
Jeff Goodell

Jeff Goodell is an American author and contributing editor to "Rolling Stone" magazine. Goodell's writings are known for a focus on energy and environmental issues.
Life and career.
Earlier works include "Sunnyvale" (2000), a personal memoir about growing up in Silicon Valley and the breakdown of his family; "The Cyberthief and the Samurai" (1996), the story of computer hacker Kevin Mitnick; and "Our Story: 77 Hours That Tested Our Friendship and Our Faith" (2002), about the Pennsylvania Quecreek Mine Rescue of nine trapped coal miners in 2002, which was a "New York Times" Best Seller. In 2006 he published his most popular book to date, "Big Coal: The Dirty Secret Behind America's Energy Future".
In spring 2010 he published "How to Cool the Planet: Geoengineering and the Audacious Quest to Fix Earth’s Climate" about geoengineering, global warming, and climate change mitigation. The book discusses ideas by Ken Caldeira, James Lovelock, David Keith, Raymond Pierrehumbert, Stephen Salter, and Lowell Wood among others. In 2011, "How to Cool the Planet" won the Grantham Prize (Award of Special Merit).
Works.
Books
Select articles
Anthologies

</doc>
<doc id="19085779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085779" title="Holiday Park">
Holiday Park

Holiday Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19085784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085784" title="San Dimas Hotel">
San Dimas Hotel

The San Dimas Hotel, also known as Walker House, the Carruthers Home, and the San Dimas Mansion, is a historic structure in San Dimas, California, built by the San Jose Ranch Company in 1887. Originally built as a hotel, the structure had 33 rooms and 14 fireplaces. The hotel was built in anticipation of a land boom that never happened, and it never had a paying guest. In 1889, the property was sold to James W. and Sue Walker for $25,000. After being occupied by seven generations of Walkers, the property was turned into a restaurant in 1979. The building became vacant in 1997 and was later acquired and renovated by the City of San Dimas. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
Architecture and history.
Construction as a railroad hotel.
The San Dimas Hotel was built as a "railroad hotel" on land that was part of the San Jose Rancho. In 1885, the transcontinental Santa Fe Railway completed its tracks between Los Angeles and San Bernardino, and there were expectations that a land boom would develop along the path of the railroad. In anticipation of the boom, the San Jose Ranch Co., a company operated by Moses Wicks and other investors, built the San Dimas Hotel. It was one of many hotels built in each town along the railroad between Pasadena and San Bernardino. It was only the second building in San Dimas, and is reported to be the only surviving 1880s era railroad hotel in Southern California.
The owners hired one of the state's most prestigious architects, Joseph Cather Newsom, to design the structure. Newsom and his brother, Samuel, built many prestigious buildings throughout California in the late 19th Century, including the Carson Mansion in Eureka, California. The lumber used to build the hotel was floated down the coast from Oregon and Northern California on large lumber rafts, and hauled from San Pedro to San Dimas. The Victorian architecture Queen Anne style structure had and was completed in 1887. It was designed with a variety of surface materials, including diamond patterned shingles. Ten tons of shingles were used on the gable roof. It also had a sunburst medallion, an ornamental cupola, balconies, corner towers, seven chimneys for 14 fireplaces, a large front porch, of veranda, ceilings, 18 bedrooms (33 rooms in all), and colored glass windows. 
However, by the time the hotel was completed, an economic depression had hit Southern California, and the hotel never had any paying guests. Its original occupants were Moses Wicks and his partners in the San Jose Ranch Co. In April 1889, the "Los Angeles Times" described the hotel as "one of the boom enterprises that never paid as an investment, because there was no need of a hotel there." At that time, the owner, Mr. Wicks, was in negotiations to sell the property to the Odd Fellows for use as "an eleemosynary institution."
Ninety years as the Walker and Carruthers family home.
James W. Walker, a prosperous merchant from Kentucky, purchased the hotel and surrounding for use as his family home in 1889. Walker became a successful citrus grower, and the house became a center of community life in San Dimas and the East San Gabriel Valley. Many of the area's clubs and social groups met at the home, and it was also the site of the first school and the first church services in San Dimas. For 90 years from 1889 to 1978, six generations of the Walker family lived at the converted hotel. From the 1910s through the 1960s, the home was occupied by Mrs. Raymond I. Carruthers, the granddaughter of James M. Walker. During this time, the house was commonly known as the "Carruthers Home." In 1961, Mrs. Carruthers noted that the cost of upkeep was enormous: "Anytime I have a repair bill, I feel as if it is a hotel." She died in August 1967.
Even in the mid-1970s, the Walker-Carruthers-Brunner family preserved the old structure. In 1975, residents of the house included Jim Carruthers, his sister, Sue Brunner, her husband, Fred Brunner, and their children. The old hotel desk, decorated with wood turnings, still sat at the base of the large staircase. In 2005, an old resident of San Dimas recalled that a butler wearing a tuxedo and white gloves would greet guests at the mansion.
Conversion to restaurant.
In 1979, the house was leased to Don Wilcott, who renamed the property the "San Dimas Mansion" and opened an elegant dining restaurant called the Mansion Inn. Extensive changes were made to the structure to accommodate the restaurant. The restaurant was a success for a time, serving meals to John Wayne and Richard Nixon, though it closed in the late-1980s. The Carruthers family remained the owners and leased the old mansion for private functions for several years.
Vacancy and restoration.
The building was vacant starting in 1997. In 1998, the San Dimas Festival of Western Arts acquired a lease-option on the property, which was later assigned to the City of San Dimas. The City eventually purchased the house in 2000. During the decade that the house was left vacant, area residents and preservationists complained that "the single most historical building in the city" was being left to rot. The City of San Dimas purchased the property and undertook an extensive plan to renovate the structure as a community asset for use by the San Dimas Festival of Arts and other community organizations. The renovation and construction work got under way in 2007 and was expected to be completed by the end of 2008. The cost of the renovation was $6.5 million, with a portion being funded by a preservation grant from the J. Paul Getty Trust.
Historic recognition.
In 1967, Los Angeles County gave the building the status of a historical landmark. It has also been recognized by the State of California as a point of historical interest. And in 1972, it was also added to the National Register of Historic Places. The house has been recognized as having historical significance because of both its architecture and its role in the history of San Dimas and the East San Gabriel Valley. The University of California, Berkeley School of Architecture chose the structure to depict the Victorian Era in its permanent exhibit on "The California House."
Museum and community use.
The restored Walker House is now the home of the San Dimas Historical Society and Museum, a community art gallery on the second floor, and office space for the San Dimas Festival of the Arts.
The museum is open on a limited basis, as is the art gallery. The San Dimas Historical Society provides guided tours of the Walker House on the third Saturday of each month. Space is limited and reservations are required.

</doc>
<doc id="19085785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085785" title="Kuk (disambiguation)">
Kuk (disambiguation)

Kuk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19085792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085792" title="Jerusalem College of Engineering, Chennai">
Jerusalem College of Engineering, Chennai

Jerusalem College of Engineering, Chennai, India was established in 1995. The college is part of the Jerusalem Educational Trust formed and registered in 1993. The motto of the trust is ""To Promote Higher Education"" in the fields of Engineering and Technology, Medicine, Dentistry and Paramedical works. It also teaches in the areas of Arts, Science, Commerce and Physical Education.
Location.
Jerusalem College of Engineering is situated at the Velachery - Tambaram main road, Narayanapuram, Pallikaranai, Tambaram Taluk, Kancheepuram District. The college is 75 km from the district headquarters and 3 km from Velachery railway station.
Courses offered.
The courses offered by Jerusalem College of Engineering are approved by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), New Delhi. and affiliated to Anna University, Chennai.
Undergraduate.
Leading to a B.E/B.Tech degree:
Postgraduate.
Leading to an M.E. degree:

</doc>
<doc id="19085794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085794" title="Fureai (band)">
Fureai (band)


</doc>
<doc id="19085821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085821" title="2009 New York Mets season">
2009 New York Mets season

The 2009 New York Mets season was a season in American baseball. It was the franchise's 48th season, and the team's first year at Citi Field, which opened on April 13 against the San Diego Padres. The Mets finished with a 70–92 record, as the season was plagued by many injuries.
Offseason.
Looking to improve the bullpen after the struggles of the 2008 season, the Mets signed closer Francisco Rodríguez to a three year, $37 million contract on December 10, 2008. Immediately after, the team acquired reliever J. J. Putz from the Seattle Mariners in a three team trade involving the Mariners and the Cleveland Indians, giving the Mets a setup man for Rodriguez. New York shipped reliever Aaron Heilman, outfielder Endy Chávez, pitcher Jason Vargas and three minor leaguers to Seattle for Putz, center fielder Jeremy Reed and reliever Sean Green, while Mets reliever Joe Smith was acquired by Cleveland. 
On December 12 the Mets traded Scott Schoeneweis to the Arizona Diamondbacks for Connor Robertson. On January 12, the Mets signed RHP Tim Redding to a one-year contract. The Mets signed Alex Cora to a one-year $2 million contract. The Mets signed Freddy García and Rob Mackowiak to minor league deals. Garcia's contract, which is full of incentives, could reach $8 million if he reaches the major league roster. On April 3, 2009, the Mets signed outfielder Gary Sheffield after being released by the Detroit Tigers.
Regular season.
The Mets opened up the season in Cincinnati against the Reds on April 6. The Mets collected the victory, improving their win-loss record on opening day. The first home game at Citi Field was on April 13, 2009 against the San Diego Padres, who spoiled the opener with a 6–5 win against the Mets. In that game, Jody Gerut of the Padres became the first player to open a new ballpark with a leadoff home run.
On April 17, Gary Sheffield hit his 500th home run against the Milwaukee Brewers. On May 10, José Reyes stole his 300th base against the Pittsburgh Pirates. Despite an injury depleted roster, the Mets finished May with a 19–9 record and trailed the Philadelphia Phillies by a half game for the NL East lead.
After finishing April and May with a combined record of 28–21, injuries hurt the Mets in June and they went 9–18, their worst month since September 2003, but lost only 2½ games in the standings, as the Phillies were having their own struggles. Injuries continued to hurt them Mets in July, as they went 12–14, quickly falling to 4th place in the National League East and out of playoff contention.
On July 10, the Mets sent outfielder Ryan Church to the Atlanta Braves for outfielder Jeff Francoeur.
However, the Mets did set a team record during the 2009 season. They had a team-record 10 hits in the fourth inning on August 18 against the Atlanta Braves. They scored eight runs in that inning, on their way to a 9–4 victory.
On August 23, the Mets became the first team in National League history to fall victim to a game-ending unassisted triple play, turned by Eric Bruntlett of the Philadelphia Phillies at Citi Field in the bottom of the 9th inning.
The 2009 Mets season will be remembered as a season marred by injuries. On August 25, it was announced that ace Johan Santana would undergo season-ending elbow surgery on his pitching elbow, and was added to the long list of injured players. Including Santana, the Mets' had 20 players see time on the Disabled list at some point during the 2009 season, including David Wright, John Maine, Jon Niese, Fernando Nieve, J. J. Putz, Billy Wagner, Brian Schneider, Carlos Delgado, Ángel Pagán, Gary Sheffield, Óliver Pérez, Ryan Church, Ramón Martínez, Jose Reyes, Alex Cora, Carlos Beltrán, and Fernando Martinez. Mets players spent more than 1,480 days in the Disabled list in 2009, more than any other team in the majors. However, second-half turnarounds of Francoeur and Daniel Murphy helped the Mets finish the season with the best batting average in the National League, tied with the Los Angeles Dodgers.
On August 25 the Mets traded former all-star closer Billy Wagner to the Boston Red Sox for minor league outfielder Chris Carter and minor league first baseman Eddie Loria.
Pat Misch earned his 1st Major League Baseball win on September 3 in his 12th start.
Player stats.
Batting.
"Legend: G = games played; AB = at-bats; H = hits; BA = batting average; OBP = on-base percentage; HR = home runs; RBI = runs batted in; R = runs scored; SB = stolen bases"; bold = league leader
Pitching.
"Legend: G = games pitched; GS = games started; IP = innings pitched; W = wins; L = losses; ERA = earned run average; H = hits allowed; SO = strikeouts; BB = walks; S = saves"; bold = league leader
As of August 2, 2009

</doc>
<doc id="19085827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085827" title="Ka Kee">
Ka Kee

Ka Kee () or "Unfaithful " is a 1980 Fantasy drama film based on the Thai literature story of "Kaki Klon Suphap" () written by Thai classical poet Chao Phraya Phrakhlong (Hon) () and being also part of the Thai folklore. The film was directed by Nerramitr and became one of the most famous Thai fantasy films of the year. A fotonovela based on scenes of the movie was also printed.
Other Thai movies with the same title but not based on the classical poem were released in 2003 and 2012.
Plot.
A Garuda came down from his celestial residence to gamble with ancient king in a dice game. The Garuda saw the beautiful Ka kee who was the king's wife and stole her away. The king's musician helped her to escape by also seducing her. The King took offence at Ka Kee's unfaithfulness, for she had slept with three men. He punished her by sending her away on a raft that floated to the middle of ocean, sure that she would not survive her ordeal.
The raft drifted on the deep seas until it arrived to an island while Ka Kee was unconscious, tired and hungry for months. A group of thieves saw her and the chief wanted her for his wife but Ka Kee woke up and escaped from them. Meanwhile the soldiers of a certain king fought all those thieves and took Ka Kee home but she refused cause she knew her fault and accepted her punishment. The new king was the former king's musician who had slept with Ka Kee and he declared his love openly to her. Finally Ka Kee went with the king and they lived happily together ever after.

</doc>
<doc id="19085838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085838" title="Jan Karpíšek">
Jan Karpíšek

Jan Karpíšek is a Czech contemporary painter. He was born in 1981 in Jihlava, grew up in the South Bohemian town of Třeboň. He now lives in Brno. Between 1999 and 2005 Karpíšek studied at the Faculty of Fine Arts of Brno University of Technology, at a studio led by Professor Martin Mainer. He then spent a half year in the art studio of performance of Professor Tomáš Ruller.
Karpíšek's work is characterized by topics such as, effluxion, the erotic, and, above all, spirituality. He is deeply concerned with meditation and a number of his paintings are records of perception of the body system and soul; however, his paintings show no formal unity. Karpíšek's style sometimes evokes naivism or the grotesque, and at other times is similar to a gestic abstraction. Karpíšek is also concerned with action painting, natural pigments and conceptual performance painting. As a matter of fact, the topic of his bachelor and master work was time. He won the Prize of Dean 2003 for his bachelor work; his large-format paintings that might be reminiscent of works by Gerhard Richter and Barnett Newman In 2004, Karpíšek was awarded second place in the students' competition Artkontakt. His work "Mars" was bought in the same year by the National Gallery in Prague and presented in IBCA 2005 in Prague. Karpíšek participated on Václav Cílek's book Orfeus (The book of underground rivers) in 2009. He is a member of the art group Svitava.
Karpíšek practices Zazen as taught by Master Dōgen and "Mike Eido Luetchford".
He is an active bee-keeper and permaculture gardener.

</doc>
<doc id="19085854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085854" title="Antonio C. Delgado">
Antonio C. Delgado

Antonio Concepcion Delgado (December 21, 1917 - December 7, 1992) was a prominent industrialist and civic leader who was appointed Philippine Ambassador to the Vatican.
Early life.
Antonio Delgado was born in San Pablo, Laguna, the fourth of eight children of Jose Maria Delgado (the first Philippine Ambassador to the Vatican) and Felisa Concepcion.
Antonio graduated valedictorian in high school at San Beda College in 1933, and took his Bachelor of Science in Mining Engineering, magna cum laude, at the University of Santo Tomas in 1937. He saw action with the Philippine Army and as a guerrilla during World War II. He married Nellie Chuidian in 1944 and they had four children, namely Jose Roberto, Lolita, Jose Antonio, and Jose Eduardo.
On July 28, 1963, Jose Antonio died with the entire Philippine contingent to the 11th World Scout Jamboree in Marathon, Greece - 19 other Boy Scouts, 3 Scoutmasters and Chaplain - when their plane crashed in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Bombay, India. His parents set up the Jose Antonio Delgado Memorial Foundation, Inc. (a.k.a. The Ala-Ala Foundation) with the insurance money.
Business.
In 1946, Delgado founded ACD, Inc., and in 1949 he established Delgado Brothers, Inc. and transformed it into the largest fully integrated transportation company in the Philippines. He founded eight other companies:
In the 1950s and 1960s, Delgado became director of:
In the 1960s, Delgado was elected to:
Recognitions.
Delgado received many awards from various organizations:
In 1954 ACD was named Employer of the Year and in 1959 he was named Business Executive of the Year of the Business Writers Association of the Philippines.
Scouting.
At fifteen, Delgado was a member of the Boy Scouts of the Philippines contingent to the 4th World Scout Jamboree in Gödöllő, Hungary in 1933; 35 years later, he became President of the Boy Scouts of the Philippines. At the 1971 World Scout Conference in Tokyo, Japan, he became the first Asian to be elected Chairman of the World Scout Committee. He was responsible for instituting the World Scout Badge during his term; it is now worn by Scouts in the World Organization of Scouting WOSM. His son, industrialist Jose Eduardo Delgado, has been a member of the National Executive Board of the Boy Scouts of the Philippines, and is a recipient of the Silver Tamaraw Award of the Boy Scouts of the Philippines.
Faith.
Delgado served as Philippine Ambassador to the Holy See from 1975-1982, just as his physician father, Jose Maria Delgado from 1957 to 1961. Delgado searched for a possible first Filipino Saint, he found a candidate martyred in Japan in the 1600s and then worked for the beatification of Lorenzo Ruiz and his companions by Pope John Paul II in Manila on 18 February 1981. It was the first time in centuries for these rites to be held outside Rome. In 1982 Delgado retired and subsequently served as Ambassador of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta to the Philippines from 1982 to 1988. He authored The Making Of The First Filipino Saint in 1982, which was published in 1987. Delgado commissioned the Vatican Mosaic Studio to create an image of Saint Lorenzo Ruiz, which is presently installed at the Altar of the Martyrdom of St. Peter at St. Peter’s Basilica in the Vatican.
Death.
Delgado died December 7, 1992 of natural causes at home in Makati City, Metro Manila, fourteen days before his 75th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="19085862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085862" title="Oskar Roehler">
Oskar Roehler

Oskar Roehler (born January 21, 1959) is a German film director, screen writer and journalist. He was born in Starnberg as the son of writer Gisela Elsner and the writer Klaus Roehler. Since the mid-1980s he has been working as a screenwriter, for, among others, Niklaus Schilling, Christoph Schlingensief and Mark Schlichter. Since the early 1990s he has also been working as a film director. For his film No Place to Go he won the Deutscher Filmpreis. His 2010 film "" was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 60th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19085868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085868" title="Jozo Matovac">
Jozo Matovac

Jozo Matovac (born May 22, 1970) was a professional Swedish international football defender, who was capped 8 times for Sweden. The clubs he represented were Helsingborgs IF, Aalborg BK, Örgryte IS, BK Häcken and Gunnilse IS. He played mainly as a central defender. Today he is manager of Swedish club Gunnilse IS.
Honours.
Aalborg BK

</doc>
<doc id="19085896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085896" title="Newcastle University Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences">
Newcastle University Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences

The Newcastle University Faculty of Humanities and Social Science (HaSS) is the largest of the three faculties at Newcastle University.
In its current form, the Faculty of Humanities and Social Science contains nine schools, a graduate school and a language centre (INTO).
The faculty offers over seventy undergraduate degrees, postgraduate degrees and research opportunities, and has a number of research centres.
Schools.
The nine schools within the faculty are:

</doc>
<doc id="19085899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085899" title="Kosovo–United Kingdom relations">
Kosovo–United Kingdom relations

Kosovan–British relations are foreign relations between the Republic of Kosovo and the United Kingdom. When Kosovo declared its independence from Serbia on 17 February 2008, the United Kingdom became one of the first countries to announce the official recognition of a sovereign Kosovo on 18 February 2008. The United Kingdom has had an embassy in Pristina since 5 March 2008. Kosovo has had an embassy in London since 1 October 2008.
Military.
The United Kingdom participated in the 1999 NATO bombing of Yugoslavia, which resulted in a UN administration of Kosovo. The United Kingdom currently has 84 troops serving in Kosovo as peacekeepers in the NATO led Kosovo Force. Originally there were 19,000 British troops in KFOR. Mike Jackson was the first KFOR Commander from 12 June 1999 - 8 October 1999.
On 25 April 2008, the UK announced that it would send a battle-group based on 2 Rifles, a light infantry battalion of about 600 soldiers, to help maintain public order to serve as Peacekeepers in EULEX, an EU Police, Civilian and Law Mission in Kosovo.
Political.
The United Kingdom was an important player in the events of 1999. The Kosovo War, which Prime Minister Tony Blair had advocated on moral grounds, was initially a failure when it relied soly on air strikes; he believed that the threat of a ground offensive, which Bill Clinton had initially ruled out, was necessary to convince Serbia's Slobodan Milošević to withdraw. Blair ordered that 50,000 soldiers - most of the available British Army - should be made ready for action. Blair has visited Kosovo on several occasions since; other British Ministers who have had ministerial responsibility for policy towards Kosovo, such as Dennis MacShane, have also maintained their connections.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19085917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085917" title="Dany Mendes Ribeiro">
Dany Mendes Ribeiro

Dany Mendes Ribeiro, known as simply Dany (born 25 May 1988 in Ilha do Sal), is a Cape Verdean footballer who plays for G.D. Interclube as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19085924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085924" title="The Howling II (novel)">
The Howling II (novel)

The Howling II is a 1979 horror novel by Gary Brandner. It is the first sequel to his 1977 werewolf novel, "The Howling". The novel was later republished under the alternative titles: The Howling II: The Return, and also Return Of The Howling.
Despite the ongoing film series that began in the 1980s, "The Howling II" was not adapted as a film and bears no similarities to the 1985 film ' or any of the other ""Howling"" films. The 2011 film ' claims to be based on the book (as seen in the credits) though bears no resemblance to it other than being a story about werewolves.
Plot summary.
Three years after the events of "The Howling", Karyn Beatty has now remarried and lives in Seattle. Although content with her new life with her husband, David Richter, and her young stepson Joey, she is still haunted by the memories of her terrifying ordeal in the Californian mountain village of Drago with its werewolf inhabitants. Karyn regularly sees a therapist to help work through her problems, but after a spate of sinister occurrences that culminate in the horrific killing of the family's housekeeper, Karyn is convinced that the surviving werewolves of Drago have tracked her down. Fearing for the lives of her new family, Karyn leaves town hoping she will lead the evil creatures away from her loved ones.
Karyn's fears were well founded as she had indeed been tracked down by none other than her ex-husband Roy (now a werewolf) and Marcia Lura, the evil Drago werewolf who first bit him. Both Roy and Marcia survived the fire in Drago, but Marcia is now partially scarred and incapacitated due to being shot in the head with a silver bullet by Karyn at the end of the first novel. Though the bullet did not kill her as expected, it left a streak of silver through her black hair and rendered her unable to fully transform into a werewolf as before. Now, when the moon is full, she becomes a grotesque half-woman/half-wolf creature, and wants revenge for what Karyn did to her.
In Mexico, Karyn tracks down Chris Halloran, the family friend who helped her during her first ordeal in Drago. She tells him that the werewolves of Drago have come for her and she needs his help once more. However, Chris's new girlfriend, Audrey, is jealous of his prior relationship with Karyn and does everything she can to undermine their friendship. When Roy and Marcia finally track Karyn down to Mexico, they set a trap for her at a mountainside cabin with Audrey's help, and close in for the kill. Again, Chris comes to Karyn's rescue and fights with Roy (who takes the form of a wolf). Chris eventually manages to kill Roy with a silver knife, but in the nearby mountainside cabin, Marcia is holding Karyn hostage and is about to torture her using a set of red hot pliers. However, as the full moon rises, Marcia abruptly begins her agonizing change into the half-wolf creature. She drops the pliers which then cause a fire to break out in the cabin, allowing Karyn to escape. Outside, Karyn is reunited with Chris while Marcia (or the creature she has become) burns to death as the cabin goes up in flames.

</doc>
<doc id="19085925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085925" title="List of hybrid creatures in mythology">
List of hybrid creatures in mythology

 
Below is a list of mythological hybrids that have been sorted into different categories.

</doc>
<doc id="19085936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085936" title="Springbank Community High School">
Springbank Community High School

Springbank Community High School is a public senior high school in Springbank, Alberta, Canada. Located on the west side of the city of Calgary, the school provides programming to students in grades nine to twelve from the communities of Bragg Creek, Springbank, Redwood Meadows and parts of Calgary’s western edge.
The school falls under the jurisdiction of the Rocky View Schools Division.
The high school shares a location with the Springbank Park For All Seasons which provides sports facilities including skating and curling.
History.
The original 2,495 m² high school was a one-storey building built in 1975. In 1980, two small additions comprising 521.6 m² were added to provide CTS (Career and Technology Studies) and Home Economics space.
In 1994, major new additions and modernization took place to provide permanent classroom space with reuse of some existing portables on site. The new addition consisted of 3317 m² of library, science, classroom and physical education space. In 1990, four portables were relocated to the site and a new connecting corridor was added in the 1994 renovation (total portable and link area approximately 500 m²). In 1999, four more portables were added with an additional area of 367 m². In 2001, two additional portables were relocated to the site for an additional 188.5 m². The total area of the current school building is 7,882.1 m² and replacement cost in 2006 was estimated to be 13.8 million dollars.
Athletics.
The school competes and participates in the South Central Zone of the Alberta Schools Athletic Association. It has membership in the Rocky View Sports Association., and follows its guidelines and policies.
Community.
The school is located south of the Transcanada Highway, near Calaway Park. Its feeder school, Springbank Middle School is also located just north of the school.

</doc>
<doc id="19085949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085949" title="Max Färberböck">
Max Färberböck

Max Färberböck (born 22 September 1950) is a German film director and writer. He was born in Degerndorf, Münsing, Bavaria. He began his career at theaters in Buenos Aires and in Italy. He later studied at the University of Television and Film in Munich and worked for Constantin Film and as an assistant for Peter Zadek at the Deutsches Schauspielhaus in Hamburg. After producing several plays at theaters in Hamburg, Heidelberg and Cologne he began to write and direct episodes for the TV series "Der Fahnder". 
Later he produced several TV films, before making his first feature film "Aimée & Jaguar", which was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film. The film was also nominated for the Golden Bear at 49th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19085952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085952" title="Environment of Wyoming">
Environment of Wyoming

Wyoming straddles the Continental Divide, and its abrupt topographic relief includes alternating basins and mountain ranges. Major mountain ranges include the Beartooth, Gros Ventre, Teton, Wind River, Bighorn, Sierra Madre, and Medicine Bow. Internal basins and eastern plains are rolling to flat, and in the east are the Great Plain.
Typical vegetation includes sagebrush, greasewood, and saltbush shrubs in the intermountain basins, grasses on the Great Plains, juniper and mountain mahogany in the foothills, and forest and alpine meadows in the mountains.
The state lies within the US Environmental Protection Agency's Region 8.
Agriculture in Wyoming.
The state of Wyoming, also known as the Cowboy State, has 30.2 million acres dedicated to farm land alone. Being one of the top agricultural states in the U.S, Wyoming has 11,000 farms with the average farm size being 2,726 acres. “In 2001 agricultural lands in Wyoming produced 652.7 million pounds of beef, 31.2 million pounds of sheep and lamb, 3.0 million bushels of wheat, 7.0 million bushels of barley, 6.4 million bushels of corn, and 1.9 million tons of hay” The top crops grown in Wyoming are hay, barley, wheat, beans, sugar beets, and corn. The largest commodity is by far the beef industry in Wyoming.
Farm Land.
With approximately 30.2 million acres in agricultural production, Wyoming has eight times more land in agricultural production than the national average. About 27.18 million acres (90%) of the total agricultural land in Wyoming is grazing land; and approximately 9% is cropland (Foulke, Coupal, and Taylor 5). The majority of the agricultural land in Wyoming is dedicated to agriculture operations which owns 5,000 or more acres.
Livestock.
In 2008, the beef industry brought in around $599 million. The beef industry is the largest commodity in Wyoming. According to The Western Regional Science Association, in 2001, livestock sales brought in 652.7 million pounds of beef and 31.2 million pounds of sheep and lamb. Sheep ranchers in 2007 brought in 3,124,299 pounds of wool. On a state- wide basis Wyoming was ranked fourth on lamb and sheep sales for a total amount of 411,952 head. Also in 2007, inventory was taken and the total hog, horses and colonies of bees was: 107,180 hogs and pigs, 80, 476 horses and 45,633 colonies of bees.
Crops.
In Wyoming, the main crops that are grown are: hay, barley, wheat, beans and corn. Bringing in $65 million in 2008, wheat is the largest crop commodity. The second largest crop commodity is barley, bringing in $32 million and $31 million for wheat sales. Nationwide, Wyoming is 8th in barley, 20th in hay and 33rd in wheat production. Approximately 3.0 million bushels of wheat, 7.0 million bushels of barley, 6.4 million bushels of corn, and 1.9 million tons of hay were produced in 2001 alone.
Summary.
Agriculture plays a big role in the state of Wyoming. Land in Wyoming that is related to agriculture takes up about 55 percent of the total land in Wyoming In 2001, agriculture profits were up to $185.6 million in net farm income. This net income of $185.6 million sustained about 12,345 jobs “The State also ranks number 1 in terms of average size of agriculture enterprises and number 8 in terms of total land in agriculture”
Land Use in Wyoming.
Due to Wyoming’s low population, land use is available for many different options: from mineral refining, to national forests, national parks, open ranges, state parks, BLM (Bureau of Land Management), and privately owned land. Referring to the NETSTATE website, Wyoming is separated by the Continental Divide, and can be classified into three separate geographical land terms; the Rocky Mountains, the Great Plains, and Intermontane Basins. The major mountain ranges would consist of the Beartooth, Teton, Bighorn, Medicine Bow, Gros Ventre, Wind River, and Sierra Madre, and holds the lowlands of the Great Plains to the east. The US Department of Agriculture counts Wyoming with 22 state parks, four national forests, and one national grassland. This gives Wyoming a vast amount of public land for recreation and wildlife habitat.
Green Mountain Common Allotment.
According to Geoffrey O’Gara of High Country News, The Green Mountain Common Allotment was once one of the largest unfenced open ranges in North America. O’Gara claims the allotment contains over 500,000 acres, split north to south by the Continental Divide, spanning 60 miles by 20 miles and is a mix of private and public land. It is primarily used for grazing by 17 different ranching controls and is considered on the high plains of Wyoming, where the habitat harbors wild horses, cattle, wildlife, shrubbery, and grasslands. The range has recently been getting pressures to divide it, fence it, and prevent grazing damage and protect natural ecosystems, as well as fencing for developments and privatization. Opposition says the Green Mountain Common Allotment needs to stay unfenced not only for sentiment of the “old west,” but also to prevent such things as tangled pronghorn and sage grouse, as once seen in the tragedy of the Red Rim fence disaster.
Wyoming Natural Energy and Resources.
In 2010, the Wyoming Bureau of Land Management released to the public their annual report. In the annual report, they disseminate information about the natural energy and resources held in the state, many in which they mine and refine from the land and environment. The report claims Wyoming “leads the country in coal production with the 10 largest producing coal mines in the United States, providing coal to 35 states and generating nearly 40 percent of the nation’s electricity”. The report also says that the state holds about 70% of the world’s discovered bentonite supply. In addition, Wyoming also has multiple wind farm applications and 34 turbines operating on the Foote Creek Rim wind farm on BLM administered land. Even with all wind turbines, farms, and plants considered, Wyoming has only capitalized on one percent of the possible wind energy. One other resource being capitalized, Wyoming mines uranium and is accountable for nearly 31% of national production. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is reviewing four uranium plans of operation, each of which are situated at the Casper Field Office, the Rawlins Field Office, the Lander Field Office, and the Buffalo Field Office.
Wild Horse Herds.
The Bureau of Land Management reports that the Wild Free-Roaming Horse and Burros Act of 1971 governs and protects the free ranging and unbranded horses roaming on BLM land of the western United States. They allow the animals to be adopted when population levels overflow the manageable level. The BLM Wyoming estimates the wild horse population was just shy of 4000 horses (3,985 claimed) current in 2010. They claim the state population management level is in a range of 2,490 to 3,725 horses, thus they gathered 1,804 horses, removed 1,238, and used fertility control on 224 mares before releasing the mares back into the wild. Within the horses captured from the wild, 134 were adopted in 2010.
Habitat Changes.
In January 2009, the Wyoming Game and Fish Department released their Strategic Habitat Plan, covering many topics on preserving the Wyoming wildlife habitat and providing coexistence with wildlife and civilization. The plan is partly designed to start assessing the necessary steps required to keep up with the natural changes in the climate, environment, and ecosystems. According to the plan, predictions gathered in 2007 by a panel on climate change deem average air temperatures to change in North America by 1-3°C between the years 2010 and 2039. Correlating with climate change, scientists also predict that new plant and animal congregations and associations will change the environment and the ecosystem . For more natural changes happening readily in the ecosystems and habitat, the plan stresses that insects such as bark beetles and budworms combined with drought are significantly changing the Wyoming landscape.

</doc>
<doc id="19085956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085956" title="Chong Ted Tsiung">
Chong Ted Tsiung

Chong Ted Tsiung was the third mayor of Kuching City South Council. He succeeded Chan Seng Khai who was the second mayor of Kuching City South Council on 31 July 2006. He was the first non-politician to be appointed as a mayor of Kuching City South Council.
Early life.
Born in a family of 9 in Kuching on 18 June 1956, he received his 6-year primary education at 10th Mile Chinese Primary School and his secondary education at Dragon Government Secondary' School, 24th Mile Kuching-Serian Road. In 1982, he graduated with a Bachelor Degree (Honours) in Public Administration from Demonfort University, Leicester, England, Later, in 1995 he obtained his Master of Science in Environmental Policy and Management from. Hull University, UK.

</doc>
<doc id="19085957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085957" title="Luna Negra Dance Theater">
Luna Negra Dance Theater

Luna Negra Dance Theater was a dance ensemble that celebrated the richness and diversity of Latino culture through the creation of works by contemporary Latino choreographers. Founded by Cuban-born dancer and choreographer Eduardo Vilaro, the company steered away from folkloric representations and utilized a variety of dance form styles such as Flamenco, Tango or Salsa with contemporary dance movement. 
Luna Negra made its home in Chicago at the Harris Theater in Millennium Park, and toured nationally and internationally.. It focused on the work of Latin choreographers such as, Ron DeJesus, Vicente Nebrada, Gustavo Ramirez Sansano, and Annabelle Lopez Ochoa. The company performed in Chicago at Ravinia Festival, The Harris Theater for Music and Dance, Symphony Center, The Dance Center of Columbia College, Dance Chicago, the Ruth Page Dance Series locally and had toured nationally and internationally to places such as Spain, Panama and Mexico. The dance ensemble made its New York City debut at the New Victory Theater in January 2008. In the community Luna Negra offered intensive, hands-on education programs that encouraged discovery and exploration of personal and community identity throughout the Chicagoland area.
When the Harris Theater opened in 2003, it provided an aspiration for small dance companies such as Luna Negra. Luna Negra quickly achieved its goal of performing there, and it celebrated its tenth season at the Harris Theater in September of 2008. In past seasons, it co-habitated with the Joffrey Ballet, Hubbard Street Dance Chicago and Concert Dance Inc. at Ravinia Festival. The company also performed on the schedule at Ravinia without these other Chicago dance companies. In its summer 2008 season, Luna Negra was the opening performance for Ravinia Festival.
In 2010, Luna Negra welcomed Gustavo Ramirez Sansano as its second artistic director in the company's history. Under Mr. Ramirez's leadership Luna Negra continued to soar with explosive and imaginative works that challenged cultural representations and developed new possibilities for the company. In 2013 Luna Negra ceased operations due to financial stress.

</doc>
<doc id="19085968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085968" title="Durban Collegians">
Durban Collegians

Durban Collegians is a sports club based at Kings Park Stadium in Durban, South Africa. The club is over 100 years old and has produced many of the country's top sportspeople including rugby Springbok captain, Wynand Claassen. Current springbok Francois Steyn is contracted to the club.
It includes the following sports

</doc>
<doc id="19085971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085971" title="Redlake Meadows &amp; Hoggs Moor">
Redlake Meadows &amp; Hoggs Moor

Redlake Meadows & Hoggs Moor is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), noted for its biological characteristics, in Cornwall, England, UK. Within the SSSI is Redlake Cottage Meadows nature reserve owned by the Cornwall Wildlife Trust.
Geography.
The SSSI is situated within St Winnow civil parish, east of the town of Lostwithiel, between two tributaries of the River Lerryn. The nature reserve covers the central of the SSSI.
Flora and fauna.
Both the rare heath lobelia ("Lobelia urens") and the vulnerable and protected Marsh Fritillary butterfly are found there. After the sighting of the latter species in 1995, Cornwall Wildlife Trust received a grant from the Hanson Environment Fund that enabled the trust to protect it through scrub control and fencing. Other nationally scarce species include Wavy-leaved St John’s-Wort ("Hypericum undulatum") and Yellow Bartsia ("Parentucellia viscosa").
10 native breed ponies have been introduced to help manage the site. 

</doc>
<doc id="19085980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085980" title="Ōhashi Station (disambiguation)">
Ōhashi Station (disambiguation)

Other stations with similar names include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19085981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085981" title="Milk Closet">
Milk Closet

Milk Closet is a 4 volume manga by Hitoshi Tomizawa. It began in the Afternoon (magazine) in 2000 and was finished in 2001 with four volumes.
Plot.
In 2005, children across the globe started to mysteriously disappear. This became known as the "Reasal Phenomenon". These children could universe jump and jumped around freely when needed. Slowly, children started coming back with tails and they were astounded. One girl, Liesl Yoshida, decided to gather up all of the children who have tails. She named their group the "Macrocosmic Invincible Legion of Kids" (Aka M.i.l.k. Squad) and only they can help save the world from the Ali troops.
Milk Squad.
The Milk Squad is a small group of five people with tails who protect the children who slip universes. They are able to destroy creatures by bending their bodies into shapes thanks to their tails.
The call.
When the Milk Squad is called their tail starts making a loud "MIMIMI" noise. This can be very disruptive for surrounding students and people.
Uniforms.
The uniform of the milk squad is a pair of Shortalls Overalls and a Santa hat. The boys of the group wear Lederhosen instead of Shortalls Overalls. The Santa hat came from Liesl, who used to wear them until she found the most suitable people for the Squad. Liesl, who doesn't have a tail, doesn't wear a Santa hat anymore.

</doc>
<doc id="19085993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085993" title="Alexander Davydov">
Alexander Davydov

Alexander Sergeevich Davydov was a Soviet and Ukrainian physicist. Davydov graduated from Moscow State University in 1939. In 1963-1990 he was Director of Institute for Theoretical Physics of the Ukrainian Academy of Sciences.
His main contributions were in theory of absorption, scattering and dispersion of the light in molecular crystals. In 1948, he predicted the phenomenon that is known as "Davydov splitting". In the period 1958-1960 he developed the theory of collective excited states in spherical and non-spherical nuclei, known as Davydov-Filippov Model and Davydov-Chaban Model. 
In 1973, Davydov applied the concept of molecular solitons in order to explain the mechanism of muscle contraction in animals. He studied theoretically the interaction of intramolecular excitations or excess electrons with autolocal breaking of the translational symmetry. These excitations are now known as Davydov solitons.

</doc>
<doc id="19085996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085996" title="Grenada Chocolate Company">
Grenada Chocolate Company

The Grenada Chocolate Company makes organic dark chocolate from bean to bar with cocoa grown by a farmer cooperative in Grenada (tree-to-bar) that sells its cacao directly to the company.
History.
The Grenada Chocolate Company Ltd. was established in 1999 by Mott Green, Doug Browne and Edmond Brown. Edmond Brown, the last surviving founder, lives on the island and works with a handful of co-workers who are all local. It produces high quality organic dark chocolate in Grenada with its own cocoa beans. These are certified according to the USDA-NOP final rule by CERES (Certfier of Environmental Standards) GmbH and certified according to regulation EEC 2092/91 by CERES Gmbh. The factory is located in Grenada's rainforest. 
The Grenada Chocolate Company produces single origin 'tree-to-bar' chocolate in small batches on the tiny island of Grenada. Rare Trinitario cocoa beans are grown by members of the Grenada Organic Cocoa Farmers’ Cooperative. The cocoa trees grow on small farms in the rainforest, protected by nutmeg, banana and mango trees. Harvesting is done year-round as the cocoa pods are ready, and the beans go up the hill to the Grenada Chocolate Company's small solar-powered factory to be made into chocolate. Cocoa beans are often sold in bulk and exported for processing and by making chocolate bars, which have a much higher value than beans alone, on the island, the Grenada Chocolate company ensures that maximum value is retained by the community that grows and makes the chocolate. This truly is fairly traded, "ethical" chocolate.
Cultivation.
Grenada dark chocolate reflects the complex flavor of Grenada's fine-flavored organic cocoa beans, processed in small batches. Grenada grows almost entirely Trinitario cocoa with a few Forasteros and has one of the strongest, richest cocoas in the world partially due to the super-rich volcanic soil here and the hot sun. Producing chocolate where the cocoa grows allows the Grenada Chocolate Company to do their own fermenting, which is unique in the chocolate industry and which permits the creation of the finest, most complex taste from the beans. Use of their own (relatively low-pressure cocoa butter press) extracted cocoa butter enables extra richness and chocolaty flavor that has been recognised with a Silver Award from The Academy of Chocolate.
Manufacture.
There are over of organic cocoa farms in the cooperative from which the Grenada Chocolate Company sources its cacao. The company operates its own cocoa fermentry, located one mile (1.6 km) from their small factory. This allows all activities involved in the production of chocolate to be local, from the planting and growing of the cocoa trees to the fermenting of the fresh cocoa beans to the processing of chocolate. The Grenada Chocolate Company uses cacao that is grown organically without the use of any chemical pesticides, herbicides or fertilizers.
Ingredients.
The Grenada Chocolate Company sugar is a fine organic raw sugar produced and milled by an organic growers' cooperative in Paraguay. Whole organic vanilla beans grown biodynamically in Costa Rica provide their "dash" of vanilla; organic soy lecithin is used as emulsifier in extremely small amounts. As the ingredients are so pure and simple, all chocolate is guaranteed to be free of any nuts, fruit or dairy, even in trace amounts.
Context.
The Grenada Chocolate Company is one of the only small-scale chocolate-makers producing fine chocolate in a country where the cocoa grows. Madecasse, in Madagascar and AMMA Chocolate, in Brazil are other examples. Because small batch chocolate-making is very rare, they created their own processing methods, designing machines and refurbishing antique equipment to meet the requirements of their unique situation. Most of their machines are based on designs from the early 1900s. About 25% of the energy needed to power their machinery is generated from photovoltaic solar panels.
Objectives.
The stated aim of the company is to revolutionize the cocoa-chocolate system that typically keeps cocoa production separate from chocolate-making and therefore takes advantage of cocoa farmers. The Grenada Chocolate Company claim that the cocoa farmers should benefit as much as the chocolate-makers.
Fair Trade.
According to one of the founders, it's more than procrastination that's kept them from filing the paperwork: Fair trade chocolate companies still, almost exclusively, process the value-added product in the first world with raw materials they import from the equatorial belt where cocoa grows. In that way, even the fair-trade system perpetuates a cycle the founders of the Grenada Chocolate Co. are determined to break. "They're buying cocoa from the south part of the world to bring it to the north part of the world," Green said. "But what we're doing can effectively make sure that the people doing the work are actually part of the process."
Notes.
Article based on Grenada Chocolate Company official website, content licensed under the GFDL.

</doc>
<doc id="19085999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19085999" title="Michael Boxall">
Michael Boxall

Michael Joseph Boxall (born 18 August 1988) is a New Zealander professional footballer who plays for the Wellington Phoenix in Hyundai A-League and for the New Zealand national football team.
Career.
Early career in New Zealand.
For high school, Boxall attended and played for Mount Albert Grammar School. With Boxall anchoring the defence, Mount Albert won the league title in 2004 and 2005 and placed first at the national tournament in 2005. In his senior season in 2006, Boxall was named the team captain. He led the team to a second Knockout Cup title in three years. They also went to the Auckland Secondary School Soccer Association Championship. Mt. Albert went on to finish second at nationals that year.
Boxall played for a number of teams in his native New Zealand. He played on multiple club teams including Central United, Ellerslie, and Auckland City. With Central United, Boxall led the team to the 2007 Lotto Sport Italia NRFL Premier title. In addition, Boxall won the NZFC with Auckland City. He was named the Auckland City Young Player of the Year with Central United in 2006 and then again with Auckland City F.C. in 2007.
US College.
Boxall was recruited to play college soccer at the University of California, Santa Barbara by head coach Tim Vom Steeg. He followed in the New Zealand tradition at Santa Barbara, following former players Tony Lochhead and Neil Jones, both of whom have received senior international caps after appearing for UCSB. In his first season with the Gauchos, Boxall played in 12 games, starting 10 of them. He scored no points and only had one shot on goal, but proved himself to be a solid defensive rock alongside Gaucho defensive stalwart Andy Iro. Boxall's season was cut short due to a knee injury which forced him to miss the rest of the year. Despite missing half the season, Boxall led all rookies with 10 starts and tied for the team high in both yellow cards and red cards, 6 and 1 respectively.
Professional.
Vancouver Whitecaps FC.
Boxall was selected first overall in the 2011 MLS Supplemental Draft by Vancouver Whitecaps FC. He agreed to terms with the club on 17 March 2011, and made his professional debut on 19 March, in Vancouver's 2011 MLS opener against Toronto FC. After appearing in three matches for the Whitecaps in the 2012 season, Boxall was waived on 22 June 2012.
Wellington Phoenix.
On 10 July 2012 it was confirmed by the club that Boxall officially joined the Wellington Phoenix of his native New Zealand on a two-year contract. Instrumental in signing Boxall was Ricki Herbert, coach of both the Phoenix and the New Zealand national team at the time. Boxall made his debut for the club on 14 October 2012, in the 1–1 away draw against Melbourne Heart in Round 2. After a beginning to his time in Wellington which saw him play backup to Ben Sigmund and Andrew Durante, Boxall was loaned to the Oakleigh Cannons of the Victorian Premier League. Following a disappointing first season with the Phoenix, Boxall signed a 1-year contract extension on 15 January 2014. Boxall stated the direction that the club was going under new head coach Ernie Merrick was the deciding factor in signing a new deal with the club.
International.
Boxall has represented New Zealand at various international levels. His début with the national set up was with the Junior All-Whites (U-20's) in which he made 14 appearances with no goals. During this time, he appeared in the 2007 U-20 World Cup OFC qualifying tournament and ultimately the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup. He played in all three U-20 World Cup games before New Zealand were knocked out.
Boxall has also represented the New Zealand U-23 Olympic team, known as the "Oly-Whites". He played in all 5 2008 OFC Olympic Qualifiers which saw New Zealand advance to their first ever Olympic Games. At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Boxall again appeared in all three of New Zealand's games before they were eliminated. In addition to these 8 games, he played four Olympic warm-up matches against Central Coast Mariners, Persikota Tangerang, Indonesia (senior squad), and Persija Jakarta between the Qualifying Tournament and the Beijing Olympic Tournament.
Boxall has made 2 appearances for New Zealand A at the Agribank Cup in Vietnam during October 2006, appearing against Thailand and Bahrain. Both games were held at the My Dinh National Stadium in Hanoi, Vietnam.
Only days after making his Whitecaps debut, Boxall was called up to the All Whites' squad for their match against China on 25 March 2011, where he made his début as a second half substitute.
International goals and caps.
New Zealand's goal tally first.

</doc>
<doc id="19086010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086010" title="Łosiniec">
Łosiniec

Łosiniec may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="19086020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086020" title="Miss Teen Newfoundland &amp; Labrador Pageant">
Miss Teen Newfoundland &amp; Labrador Pageant

The Miss Teen Newfoundland & Labrador Pageant is a teen pageant based out of St. John's, Newfoundland & Labrador, Canada. Founded in 1996, the pageant sets out to annually showcase the talents and achievements and build the confidence of the province's brightest young women, between the ages of 13 and 18. After the conclusion of the Miss Carbonear pageant in 2011 (which ran for more than 40 years), it was officially the longest-running teen pageant in the province, one of the most widely recognized and successful pageants in Canada, and is one of the few pageant events in Canada to be televised.
The winner becomes an active ambassador and role model for the province's young women, and over the course of her reign, tours the province, volunteering at various community festivals and charitable events. She is also the recipient of a formidable prize package, including a $1,500 academic scholarship. As of 2009, the pageant is also the selection medium for Newfoundland & Labrador's delegates at the Miss Teen Canada-World Pageant, the largest teen pageant in Canada.
Pageant History.
The Miss Teen Newfoundland & Labrador Pageant began in 1997 to fill the void for a teen pageant in the province, after the cessation of the original Miss Teen Newfoundland Pageant in 1990. It is held annually at the St. John's Arts and Culture Centre, which, with a seating capacity of 1,013, is the largest theatre in the province. Since that time, it has emerged as a major player in the Canadian pageant industry, influencing the scoring systems of numerous other events, and actively seeking to alter the widely held views of what a teen pageant entails.
The pageant is traditionally held in February or March. From 1997-2005, the pageant was held over a four-day weekend, however in 2006 it was reduced to three days. As of 2009, the pageant has since returned to the four day pageant weekend format.
With unprecedented media coverage, web traffic, participants, audience-goers and staff, it is currently the largest pageantry event in the province of Newfoundland & Labrador.
Scoring System.
Dispelling the stereotypical view of pageantry, the Miss Teen Newfoundland & Labrador is not a beauty pageant. The scoring system consists of a 40% personal interview with the judging panel, a 20% academic test, a 15% fitness test (all of which take place in the days leading up to the pageant's final gala), and on-stage casual and evening wear competitions worth 10% each. Upon completion of the first half of the show, the top 10 contestants scoring the highest advance to the semi-finals, where they may give a speech on a topic of their choice, worth 25%. The top 10 are then narrowed to the top 5 contestants, who answer an impromptu question, again worth 25%. These scores are then tabulated by a professional auditor to determine the winner of the pageant.
For 11 years, the final round of the pageant included the top four contestants. However, in 2008, the pageant expanded to include a fifth finalist.
In addition to the winner and four runners-up, the pageant also hands out other individual awards, including Miss Teen Academic Achievement (to the contestant who scores the highest on the academic test), Miss Teen Fitness (to the contestant who scores the highest on the fitness test), Miss Teen Talent (an optional competition with its own separate judging panel), Miss Teen Photogenic (as judged by Sara Rostotski and Sharon Woodford), Miss Teen Friendship (voted on by the contestants themselves), and (as of 2008) the People's Choice Award (as voted by the general public via the pageant's website).
In 2013, the pageant also included a humanitarian component (worth 5% of their preliminary score), where the contestants were tasked to raise a target of $200 each for the pageant's official charity, the Children's Wish Foundation of Newfoundland & Labrador. The 20 delegates of 2013 raised $24,023.86 for the cause. (Photo of cheque presentation)
Weekend Activities.
Prior to the pageant's glamorous final gala, the contestants participate in a number of educational or recreational activities as a group. These have included in the past such things as glow bowling, rock climbing, educational seminars (haircare, public speaking, motivational seminars, scholarship acquisition, etc.), tours of the provincial Government House and House of Assembly, a boat cruise throughout St. John's harbour, taking in local community musical productions, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19086031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086031" title="St. Ann's Academy">
St. Ann's Academy

St. Ann's Academy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19086032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086032" title="Glyndŵr Rising">
Glyndŵr Rising

The Glyndŵr Rising, Welsh Revolt or Last War of Independence was an uprising of the Welsh between 1400 and 1415, led by Owain Glyndŵr, against England. It was the last major manifestation of a Welsh independence movement before the incorporation of Wales into England by the Laws in Wales Acts 1535–1542.
Background.
The Fall of Richard II.
In the last decade of the 14th century, Richard II of England had launched a bold plan to consolidate his hold on his Kingdom and break the power of the magnates who constantly threatened his authority. As part of this plan, Richard began to shift his power base from the southeast and London towards the establishment of a new Principality around the County of Cheshire and systematically built up his power in nearby Wales. Wales was ruled through a patchwork of semi-autonomous feudal states, Bishoprics, shires, and territory under direct Royal rule. Richard eliminated his rivals and took their land or gave it to his favourites. As he did so, he raised an entire class of Welsh people to fill the new posts created in his new fiefdoms. For these people, the final years of the reign of Richard II were full of opportunities. In contrast, to his English magnates, it was a further sign that Richard was dangerously out of control.
In 1399, the exiled Henry Bolingbroke, heir to the Duchy of Lancaster, returned to reclaim his lands. Henry raised an army and marched to meet the King. Richard hurried back from Ireland to deal with Henry Bolingbroke. They met in Wales, at Conwy Castle, to discuss the restitution of Henry's lands. Whatever was intended, the meeting ended when Richard was arrested, deposed and imprisoned, first at Chester, then at Pontefract Castle in West Yorkshire. Parliament quickly made Henry Bolingbroke Regent and then King. Richard died under mysterious circumstances in Pontefract Castle, shortly after the failed Epiphany Rising of English Nobles, but his death was not generally known for some time. In Wales, people like Owain Glyndŵr were asked for the first time in their life to decide their loyalties. The Welsh were traditionally supporters of King Richard, who had succeeded his father, Edward, the Black Prince, as Prince of Wales. With Richard removed, the opportunities for advancement for Welsh people were suddenly severely limited. Many Welsh people seem to have been uncertain where this left them and their future.
For some time, supporters of the deposed king remained at large. On 10 January 1400 serious civil disorder broke out in the English border city of Chester. This was in reaction to the public execution of Piers Legh, captain of Richard II's archers, who had been apprehended disguised as a monk. An atmosphere of disorder was building along the Anglo-Welsh border.
The dispute between Owain Glyndŵr and de Grey.
The revolt began as an argument with Owain Glyndŵr's English neighbour. Successive holders of the title Baron Grey de Ruthyn of Dyffryn Clwyd were English landowners in Wales with a reputation for being anti-Welsh. Glyndŵr had been engaged in a long-running land dispute with them. In 1399, he appealed to Parliament to resolve the issue and under King Richard the court found for him, he won. Reginald Grey, 3rd Baron Grey de Ruthyn — a good friend of the new king — used his influence to have that decision overturned. Owain Glyndŵr appealed. It was rejected without a hearing even being granted. Furthermore, de Grey deliberately withheld a Royal Summons for Glyndŵr to join the new King’s Scottish campaign. Technically, as a tenant-in-chief to the English King, Glyndŵr was obliged to provide troops, as he had done in the past. By not responding to the hidden summons he unwittingly committed treason. King Henry declared Glyndŵr a traitor, his estates forfeit. He urged de Grey to deal with Glyndŵr. De Grey broke personal assurances and used force, his intent clear, and left Owain Glyndŵr with no recourse other than flight, seemingly confirming his guilt, then open revolt.
The Welsh Revolt, 1400–15.
On 16 September 1400, Owain acted, and was proclaimed Prince of Wales by a small band of followers which included his eldest son, his brothers-in-law, and the Dean of St Asaph. This was a revolutionary statement in itself. Owain’s men quickly spread through north-east Wales. By 19 September, the De Grey stronghold of Ruthin Castle was attacked and almost destroyed. Denbigh, Rhuddlan, Flint, Hawarden, and Holt followed quickly afterward. On 22 September the town of Oswestry was so badly damaged by Owain's raid that it had to be re-chartered. By the 24th Owain was moving south attacking Powis Castle and sacking Welshpool. Simultaneously, the Tudor brothers from Anglesey launched a guerrilla war against the English. The Tudors were a prominent Anglesey family who were closely associated with King Richard. Gwilym ap Tudur and Rhys ap Tudur had been Captains of Welsh archers in Richard's campaigns in Ireland. They quickly swore allegiance to their cousin, Owain Glyndŵr.
King Henry IV, on his way north to invade Scotland, turned his army around and by 26 September he was in Shrewsbury ready to invade Wales. In a lightning campaign, Henry led his army around North Wales. He was harassed constantly by bad weather and the attacks of Welsh guerrillas. By 15 October, he was back in Shrewsbury Castle with little to show for his efforts.
In 1401, the revolt began to spread. The whole of northern and central Wales went over to Owain. Multiple attacks were recorded on English towns, castles, and manors throughout the North. Even in the south in Brecon and Gwent reports began to come in of banditry and lawlessness by groups calling themselves the "Plant Owain" – the Children of Owain. King Henry appointed Henry Percy – the famous ‘Hotspur’, legendary warrior son of the powerful Earl of Northumberland – to bring the country to order. Hotspur issued an amnesty in March which applied to all rebels with the exception of Owain and his cousins, Rhys ap Tudur and Gwilym ap Tudur, sons of Tudur ap Gronw of Penmynydd (forefather of King Henry VII of England). Most of the country was mightily relieved and agreed to pay all the usual taxes, but the Tudors knew that they needed a bargaining chip if they were to lift the dire threat hanging over them. They decided to capture Edward I’s great castle at Conwy. Although the Conwy Castle garrison amounted to just fifteen men-at-arms and sixty archers, it was well stocked and easily reinforced from the sea; and in any case, the Tudors only had forty men. They needed a cunning plan. On Good Friday, which also happened to be 1 April – All Fool’s Day – all but five of the garrison were in the little church in the town when a carpenter appeared at the castle gate, who, according to Adam of Usk’s Chronicon, ‘feigned to come for his accustomed work’. Once inside, the Welsh carpenter attacked the two guards and threw open the gate to allow entry to the rebels. Although Hotspur arrived from Denbigh with 120 men-at-arms and 300 archers, he knew it would take a great deal more to get inside so formidable a fortress and, forced to negotiate, he finally gave the Tudors their pardon.
Owain also scored his first major victory in the field in mid-June, at Mynydd Hyddgen on Pumlumon. Owain and his army of four hundred were camped at the bottom of the Hyddgen Valley when fifteen hundred English and Flemish settlers from Pembrokeshire (little England beyond Wales), charged down on them. Owain rallied his army and fought back, killing 200 and making prisoners of the rest. The situation was sufficiently serious for the King to assemble another punitive expedition. This time he attacked through central Wales. From Shrewsbury and Hereford Castle, Henry IV's forces drove through Powys toward the Strata Florida Abbey. The Cistercian house was known to be sympathetic towards Owain and Henry intended to remind them of their loyalties and prevent the revolt from spreading any further south. After terrible weather and constant harassment by Owain's forces he reached Strata Florida. Henry was in no mood to be merciful. After a two-day drinking session, his army partially destroyed the abbey and executed monks suspected of pro-Owain loyalties. However, he failed to engage Owain's forces in any large numbers. Owain's forces harassed him and engaged in hit-and-run tactics on his supply chain but refused to fight in the open. Henry's army was forced to retreat. As he did so the weather turned. The army was nearly washed away in floods and Henry, sleeping in his armour, almost died when his tent was blown down. Wet, starving and dejected, they returned to Hereford Castle with nothing to claim for their efforts. The year came to end with the Battle of Tuthill, an inconclusive battle fought during Owain's siege of Caernarfon Castle in November 1401.
The English saw that if the revolt prospered it would inevitably attract disaffected supporters of the deposed King Richard. They were concerned about the potential for disaffection in Cheshire and were increasingly worried about the news from North Wales. Hotspur complained that he was not receiving sufficient support from the King and that the repressive policy of Henry was only encouraging revolt. He argued that negotiation and compromise could persuade Owain to end his revolt. In fact, as early as 1401, Hotspur may have been in secret negotiations with Owain and other leaders of the revolt to attempt to negotiate a settlement. The core Lancastrian supporters would have none of this. They struck back with anti-Welsh legislation designed to establish English dominance in Wales. The laws actually codified common practices that had been at work in Wales and along the Welsh Marches for many years. The laws included prohibiting any Welshman from buying land in England, from holding any senior public office in Wales, from bearing arms, from holding any castle or defending any house, no Welsh child was to be educated or apprenticed to any trade, no Englishman could be convicted in any suit brought by a Welshman, Welshmen were to be severely penalised when marrying an Englishwoman, any Englishman marrying a Welshwoman was disenfranchised and all public assembly was forbidden. These laws sent a message to any of those who were wavering that the English viewed all the Welsh with equal suspicion. Many Welshmen who had tried to further their careers in English service now felt pushed into the rebellion as the middle ground between Owain and Henry disappeared.
In the same year, 1402, Owain captured his arch enemy, Reynald or Reginald Grey, 3rd Baron Grey de Ruthyn in an ambush in January at Ruthin. He was to hold him for a year until he received a substantial ransom from King Henry. Paying back this debt effectively ruined de Grey financially. In June 1402 Owain's forces encountered an army led by Sir Edmund Mortimer, the uncle of the Earl of March, at Bryn Glas in central Wales. Mortimer's army was badly defeated and Mortimer was captured. It is reported that the Welsh women following Owain’s army, killed the wounded English soldiers and mutilated the bodies of the dead, supposedly in revenge for plundering and rape by the English soldiery the previous year. Glyndŵr offered to release Mortimer for a large ransom but, in sharp contrast to his attitude to de Grey, Henry IV refused to pay. Mortimer could be said to have had a greater claim to the English throne than himself so his speedy release was not an option. In response, Sir Edmund negotiated an alliance with Owain and married one of Owain's daughters, Catrin.
It is also in 1402, that mention of the French and Bretons helping Owain were first heard. The French were certainly hoping to use Wales as they had used Scotland as a base from which to fight the English. French privateers began to attack English ships in the Irish Sea and provide weapons to the Welsh. French and Breton freebooters were also active in Owain's attacks.
The Revolt Spreads.
1403 marks the year when the revolt became truly national in Wales. Owain struck out to the west and the south. Recreating Llywelyn the Great's campaign in the west, Owain marched down the Tywi Valley. Village after village rose to join him. English manors and castles fell or their inhabitants surrendered. Finally, Carmarthen, one of the main English power-bases in the west, fell and was occupied by Owain. Owain then turned around and attacked Glamorgan and Gwent. Abergavenny Castle was attacked and the walled town burned. Owain pushed on down the valley of the River Usk to the coast, burning Usk and taking Cardiff Castle and Newport Castle. Royal officials report that Welsh students at Oxford University were leaving their studies for Owain and Welsh labourers and craftsmen were abandoning their employers in England and returning to Wales in droves. Owain could also draw on the seasoned troops from the English campaigns in France and Scotland. Hundreds of Welsh archers and experienced men-at-arms left English service to join the rebellion.
In the north of Wales, Owain's supporters launched a further attack on Caernarfon Castle (this time with French support) and almost captured it. In response, Henry of Monmouth (son of Henry IV and the future Henry V) attacked and burned Owain's homes at Glyndyfrdwy and Sycharth. Hotspur defected to Owain, raised his standard in revolt in Cheshire, a bastion of support for King Richard II, and challenged his cousin Henry's right to the throne. Henry of Monmouth, then only 16, turned to the north to meet Hotspur. On 21 July, Henry arrived in Shrewsbury just before Hotspur, forcing the rebel army to camp outside the town. Henry forced the battle before the Earl of Northumberland had also managed to reach Shrewsbury. Thus, Henry was able to fight before the full strength of the rebels was present and on ground of his own choosing. The battle lasted all day, Henry was badly wounded in the face by an arrow but continued to fight alongside his men. When the cry went out that Hotspur had fallen, the rebels' resistance began to falter and crumble. By the end of the day, Hotspur was dead and his rebellion was over. Over 300 knights had died and up to 20,000 men were killed or injured.
In 1404, Owain captured and garrisoned the great western castles of Harlech and Aberystwyth. Anxious to demonstrate his seriousness as a ruler, he held Court at Harlech and appointed the devious and brilliant Gruffydd Young as his Chancellor. Soon afterwards he called his first Parliament (or more properly a or "gathering") of all Wales at Machynlleth where he was crowned Prince of Wales and announced his national programme. He declared his vision of an independent Welsh state with a parliament and separate Welsh church. There would be two national universities (one in the south and one in the north) and return to the traditional law of Hywel Dda. Senior churchmen and important members of society flowed to his banner. English resistance was reduced to a few isolated castles, walled towns, and fortified manor houses.
Tripartite Indenture and the Year of the French.
Owain demonstrated his new status by negotiating the "Tripartite Indenture" with Edmund Mortimer and the Earl of Northumberland. The Indenture agreed to divide England and Wales between the three of them. Wales would extend as far as the rivers Severn and Mersey including most of Cheshire, Shropshire, and Herefordshire. The Mortimer Lords of March would take all of southern and western England and Thomas Percy, 1st Earl of Worcester, would take the north of England. Most historians have dismissed the Indenture as a flight of fantasy. However, it must be remembered that in early 1404 things looked very positive for Owain. Local English communities in Shropshire, Herefordshire and Montgomeryshire had ceased active resistance and were making their own treaties with the rebels. It was rumoured that old allies of Richard II were sending money and arms to the Welsh and the Cistercians and Franciscans were funneling funds to support the rebellion. Furthermore, the Percy rebellion was still viable; even after the defeat of the Percy Archbishop Scrope in May. In fact the Percy rebellion was not to end until 1408 when the Sheriff of Yorkshire defeated Henry Percy, Earl of Northumberland at Bramham Moor. Thus, far from a flight of fantasy, Owain was capitalising on the political situation to make the best deal he possibly could.
Things were improving on the international front too. Although negotiations with the Scots and the Lords of Ireland were unsuccessful, Owain had reasons to hope that the French and Bretons might be more welcoming. Quickly Owain dispatched Gruffydd Young and his brother-in-law, John Hanmer, to France to negotiate a treaty with the French. The result was a formal treaty that promised French aid to Owain and the Welsh. The immediate effect seems to have been that joint Welsh and Franco-Breton forces attacked and laid siege to Kidwelly Castle. The Welsh could also count on semi-official fraternal aid from their fellow Celts in the then independent Brittany and Scotland. Scots and French privateers were operating around Wales throughout Owain’s war. Scots ships had raided English settlements on the Llyn Peninsula in 1400 and 1401. In 1403 a Breton squadron defeated the English in the Channel and devastated Jersey, Guernsey and Plymouth while the French made a landing on the Isle of Wight. By 1404 they were raiding the coast of England, with Welsh troops on board, setting fire to Dartmouth and devastating the coasts of Devon.
1405 was the "Year of the French" in Wales. On the continent the French pressed the English as the French army invaded English Aquitaine. Simultaneously, the French landed in force at Milford Haven in west Wales. They had left Brest in July with more than twenty-eight hundred knights and men-at-arms led by Jean de Rieux, Breton lord and Marshal of France. Unfortunately, they had not been provided with sufficient fresh water and many warhorses had died. They did though bring modern siege equipment. Joined by Owain's forces they marched inland and took the town of Haverfordwest but failed to take the castle. They then moved on and retook Carmarthen and laid siege to Tenby. What happened next is something of a mystery. The Franco-Welsh force marched right across South Wales (according to local tradition) and invaded England. They marched through Herefordshire and on into Worcestershire. They met the English army west of Great Witley, just ten miles from Worcester, with Henry IV's army arrayed on Abberley Hill facing south towards Owains army facing north on the defensive Iron Age hill fort of Woodbury Hill, still known locally as Owain's Hill. The armies took up battle positions daily and viewed each other from a mile without any major action for eight days. Neither initiated battle. Then, for reasons that have never been clear, both sides withdrew. Henry's strategy was to prolong the stand off and weaken and intimidate the Welsh army. The Welsh and French army cut off from resupply withdrew at nightfall back through Wales.
More French were to arrive as the year went on but the high-point of French involvement had passed. The main theory why both sides withdrew from their positions and headed homewards is as follows. The English force on home ground, well supplied and inside England, were able to lay 'siege' to their opponents by surrounding them, thereby preventing vital supplies of food and drink reaching the "invading" Franco-Welsh army. This, slowly but surely, weakened both the body and spiritual resolve of the Welshmen in continuing the struggle isolated so deep into their enemy's territory.
The rebellion founders.
By 1406, most French forces had withdrawn after politics shifted in Paris toward the peace party. Even Owain's so-called "Pennal Letter", in which he promised Charles VI of France and Avignon Pope Benedict XIII to shift the allegiance of the Welsh Church from Rome to Avignon, produced no effect. The moment had passed.
There were other signs the revolt was encountering problems. Early in the year Owain’s forces suffered defeats at Grosmont and Usk at the Battle of Pwll Melyn. Although it is very difficult to understand what happened at these two battles, it appears that Henry of Monmouth or possibly Sir John Talbot defeated substantial Welsh raiding parties led by Rhys Gethin ("Swarthy Rhys") and Owain’s eldest son, Gruffudd ab Owain Glyndŵr. The exact date and order of these battles is subject to dispute. However, they may have resulted in the death of Rhys Gethin at Grosmont and Owain's brother, Tudur, at Usk and the capture of Gruffudd. Gruffudd was sent to the Tower of London and after six years died in prison. King Henry also showed that the English were engaged in more and more ruthless tactics. Adam of Usk says that after the Battle of Pwll Melyn near Usk, King Henry had three hundred prisoners beheaded in front of Usk Castle. John ap Hywel, Abbot of the nearby Llantarnam Cistercian monastery, was killed during the Battle of Usk as he ministered to the dying and wounded on both sides. More serious for the rebellion, English forces landed in Anglesey from Ireland. Over the next year they would gradually push the Welsh back until the resistance in Anglesey formally ended toward the end of 1406.
At the same time, the English were adopting a different strategy. Rather than focusing on punitive expeditions favoured by his father, the young Henry of Monmouth adopted a strategy of economic blockade. Using the castles that remained in English control he gradually began to retake Wales while cutting off trade and the supply of weapons. By 1407 this strategy was beginning to bear fruit. In March, 1,000 men from all over Flintshire appeared before the Chief Justitiar of the county and agreed to pay a communal fine for their adherence to Glyndŵr. Gradually the same pattern was repeated throughout the country. In July the Earl of Arundel’s north-east Lordship around Oswestry and Clun submitted. One by one the Lordships began to surrender. By midsummer, Owain’s castle at Aberystwyth was under siege. That autumn Aberystwyth Castle surrendered. In 1409 it was the turn of Harlech Castle. Last minute desperate envoys were sent to the French for help. There was no response. Gruffydd Young was sent to Scotland to attempt to coordinate action but nothing was to come of that either. Harlech Castle fell in 1409. Edmund Mortimer died in the final battle and Owain’s wife Margaret along with two of his daughters (including Catrin) and three of his Mortimer granddaughters were taken prisoner and incarcerated in the Tower of London. They were all to die in the Tower before 1415.
Owain remained free but now he was a hunted guerilla leader. The revolt continued to splutter on. In 1410, Owain readied his supporters for a last raid deep into Shropshire. Many of his most loyal commanders were present. It may have been a last desperate suicide raid. Whatever was intended, the raid went terribly wrong and many of the leading figures still at large were captured. Rhys Ddu ("Black Rhys") of Cardigan, one of Owain’s most faithful commanders, was captured and taken to London for execution. A chronicle of the time states that Rhys Ddu was: "…laid on a hurdle and so drawn forth to Tyburn through the City and was there hanged and let down again. His head was smitten off and his body quartered and sent to four towns and his head set on London Bridge." Philip Scudamore and Rhys ap Tudur were also beheaded and their heads displayed at Shrewsbury and Chester (no doubt to discourage any further thoughts of rebellion).
In 1412, Owain captured, and later ransomed, a leading Welsh supporter of King Henry's, Dafydd Gam ("Crooked David"), in an ambush in Brecon. These were the last flashes of the revolt. This was the last time that Owain was seen alive by his enemies. As late as 1414, there were rumours that the Herefordshire based Lollard leader, Sir John Oldcastle, was communicating with Owain and reinforcements were sent to the major castles in the north and south. Outlaws and bandits left over from the rebellion were still active in Snowdonia.
But by then things were changing. King Henry IV died in 1413 and his son King Henry V began to adopt a more conciliatory attitude to the Welsh. Royal Pardons were offered to the major leaders of the revolt and other opponents of his father's regime. In a symbolic and pious gesture, the body of deposed King Richard II was interred in Westminster Abbey. In 1415 Henry V offered a Pardon to Owain, as he prepared for war with France. There is evidence that the new King Henry V was in negotiations with Owain's son, Maredudd ab Owain Glyndŵr, but nothing was to come of it. In 1416 Maredudd was himself offered a Pardon but refused. Perhaps his father Owain was still alive and he was unwilling to accept it while he lived. He finally accepted a Royal Pardon in 1421, suggesting that Owain Glyndŵr was finally dead. There is some evidence to suggest, in the poetry of the Welsh Bard Llawdden for example, that a few diehards continued to fight on even after 1421 under the leadership of Owain's son-in-law Phylib ap Rhys.
The "Annals of Owain Glyndwr" (Panton MS. 22) finish in the year 1422. The last entry regarding the prince reads:
The Aftermath of Rebellion in Wales.
By 1415, full English rule was returned to Wales. The leading rebels were dead, imprisoned, or impoverished through massive fines. Scarcely a parish or family in Wales, English "or" Welsh, had not been affected in some way. The cost in loss of life, physical destruction, and ruined lives was enormous. Wales, already a poor country on the border of England, was further impoverished by pillage, economic blockade and communal fines. Reports by travellers talk of ruined castles, such as Montgomery Castle and Abbeys such as Strata Florida Abbey and Abbeycwmhir. Grass grew in the market squares of many towns such as Oswestry and Welsh commerce had almost ground to a halt. Land that had previously been productive was now empty wasteland with no tenants to work the land. As late as 1492, a Royal Official in lowland Glamorgan was still citing the devastation caused by the revolt as the reason why he was unable to deliver promised revenues to the King.
Many prominent families were ruined. In 1411, John Hanmer pleaded poverty as the reason why he could not pay the fines imposed on him. The Tudors no longer lorded it over Anglesey and northwest Wales as they had done throughout the late 14th century. The family seemed finished until the third Tudor brother, Maredudd, went to London and established a new destiny for the family. Others eventually surrendered and made peace with the new order. The redoubtable Henry Dwn who with the French and Bretons had laid siege to Kidwelly Castle in 1403 and 1404 made his peace and accepted a fine. Somehow he avoided paying a penny. For many years after his surrender and despite official proscriptions, he sheltered rebels on the run, levied fines on 200 individuals that had not supported him, rode around the county with his retinue, and even plotted the murder of the King’s justice. Nevertheless, his grandson fought alongside Henry V in 1415 at the Battle of Agincourt. Others could not fit into the new order. An unknown number of Owain’s supporters went into exile. Henry Gwyn ("White Henry") — heir to the substantial Lordship of Llansteffan — left Wales forever and was to die in the service of Charles VI of France facing his old comrades at the Battle of Agincourt. Gruffydd Young was another permanent exile. By 1415 he was in Paris. He was to live another 20 years being first Bishop of Ross in Scotland and later of Hippo in North Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19086049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086049" title="János Balassa">
János Balassa

János Balassa (1815–1868) Surgeon, university professor, and one of the leading personalities of the Hungarian medical society at the time. He was also an internationally recognized authority within the field of plastic surgery. Professor of Surgery, (1843-) at the University of Pest, (Hungary).
János Balassa was a pioneer of cardiac resuscitation (CPR) and carried out the first reported case of external heart massage.
In the aftermath of the failed Hungarian Revolution of 1848 where Hungary sought independence from the Austrian Empire empire, he was temporarily removed from his professorship and imprisoned by the Habsburg authorities. 
Balassa was Ignaz Semmelweis's colleague and house doctor. He was in the medical commission that referred Semmelweis to a mental institution, other members were János Bókai and Wagner.

</doc>
<doc id="19086060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086060" title="Abhai Chandavimol">
Abhai Chandavimol

Abhai Chandavimol () Minister of Education (Thailand) of The National Scout Organization of Thailand served on the World Scout Committee of the World Organization of the Scout Movement from 1965 to 1971.
In 1971, Chandavimol was awarded the "Bronze Wolf", the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting, at the 22nd World Scout Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="19086061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086061" title="Urkkad">
Urkkad

Urkkad is a small residential area in the gram panchayat of Koviloor, Vattavada, in Idukki district, Kerala, India. Urkkad is 40 kilometer from Munnar. There are about 100 families, a Carmelite school, a healthcare centre and a Franciscan hermitage in the village. This area belongs to the village of Vattavada but it has its own cultural identity.

</doc>
<doc id="19086071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086071" title="Lipnica, Radovljica">
Lipnica, Radovljica

Lipnica () is a settlement along Lipnica Creek in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19086073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086073" title="Gromada (disambiguation)">
Gromada (disambiguation)

A gromada is a former Polish unit of local government.
Gromada may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19086074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086074" title="Camping in New Zealand">
Camping in New Zealand

Camping is a popular activity for both New Zealand residents and for some of the two million foreign tourists arriving every year.
Camp sites of varying standards, generally in conjunction with other forms of accommodation, are offered by holiday park operators throughout New Zealand. The Department of Conservation, which administers one third of the land area of New Zealand, operate 250 vehicle accessible campsites on public land. The facilities at these campsites varies from those with only a basic toilet to those that have the full range of camp ground amenities.
The largest organisation representing motorised campers is the New Zealand Motor Caravan Association. It was founded in 1956 and currently represents 33,000 owners of a fleet of 18,000 camper vans.
The thermette, a type of storm kettle, was a popular camping accessory before the advent of gas fired camping stoves.
Popular campsites during the summer holidays include the Mavora Lakes, Kaiteriteri Beach, Marahau and the Coromandel Peninsula. The summer holiday period, which is over Christmas and New Year, coincides with the peak of inbound tourists leading to high levels of crowding at popular locations.
Camping grounds are governed by the Camping-Grounds Regulations 1985.
Freedom camping.
Freedom camping, where camping is done in a location without facilities and is not a designated campground, is allowed in most public areas of New Zealand under certain conditions. Limitations have been put in place in recent decades because of litter and human waste problems, and attempts to encourage payment for camping by directing tourists to commercial facilities. Local residents, government authorities and tourism organisation are concerned about the impacts. The tourism industry has set up the New Zealand Responsible Camping Forum to address concerns. The forum directs visitors to their Camping Our Way website for more information.
Although there is the realisation that the right to access the wilderness must be protected, as it is in European countries with local laws protecting the Freedom to Roam, this needs to be balanced with the realisation that freedom camping, where campers choose to camp in areas without facilities, can create problems when Freedom Campers choose to incorrectly dispose of human waste. There are also reports of the discharge of greywater from campervans while parked on suburban streets. Campers using self-contained camper vans are also disposing of human waste incorrectly by not using the dump stations supplied for this purpose.
The causes of the problem relating to freedom camping have been stated as:
In 2011 the Minister for the Environment Nick Smith announced that the government would introduce a Freedom Camping Bill into Parliament with the intention that the law will be in place before the Rugby World Cup. Provisions in the proposed Bill will allow for a $200 instant fine for those camping illegally and a fine of up to $10,000 for those who incorrectly dump sewerage. The Bill passed into law as the Freedom Camping Act 2011 on 29 August 2011.
At first, the Freedom Camping Act was widely misinterpreted as only allowing freedom camping in areas specified as freedom camping areas. However, blanket bans on freedom camping were in fact explicitly prohibited by the Act. To clarify the situation, in December 2012 an update to the Guidance to Local Authorities concerning the Freedom Camping Bill was issued. The Update clearly stating "freedom camping is permitted everywhere in a local authority area unless it is prohibited or restricted in accordance with a by-law".
The Guidance also reiterated a number of wide ranging powers that were extended to Councils and DOC to control Freedom Camping in prohibited or restricted areas. These include instant fines of $200 for Freedom Camping in prohibited or restricted areas. As well as a summary conviction and a fine not exceeding $10,000 for discharging noxious, dangerous or offensive substances onto a local authority area (e.g. the incorrect disposal of human waste). An enforcement officer may also require people to leave an area, or seize a boat, caravan or motor vehicle if they believe, on reasonable grounds, that they have committed or are committing an offence under the Freedom Camping Act.
The Guidance describes the use of Freedom Camping bylaws as the last resort to be deployed by local councils to ensure the environment is respected. The Guide identifies that the onus is on councils to educate the public and visitors about being responsible when freedom camping, and where appropriate provide facilities such as toilets, rubbish bins and waste disposal stations in areas where Freedom Camping is creating issues.

</doc>
<doc id="19086086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086086" title="2003 Brasil Open – Singles">
2003 Brasil Open – Singles

Gustavo Kuerten was the defending champion but lost in the semifinals to Rainer Schüttler.
Sjeng Schalken won in the final 6–2, 6–4 against Rainer Schüttler.

</doc>
<doc id="19086089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086089" title="Günther Rücker">
Günther Rücker

Günther Rücker (February 2, 1924 Reichenberg (Liberec) - February 24, 2008 Meiningen) was a German writer, playwright and film director. He won several awards for his work, including the National Prize of East Germany, the Prix Italia

</doc>
<doc id="19086104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086104" title="Ljubno, Radovljica">
Ljubno, Radovljica

Ljubno () is a village in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19086106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086106" title="You're Gonna Love Tomorrow">
You're Gonna Love Tomorrow

"You're Gonna Love Tomorrow" is the fifth season premiere episode of the American comedy-drama series "Desperate Housewives", and the 88th episode overall. It originally aired on September 28, 2008 in the United States on ABC (American Broadcasting Company). The episode was written by series creator Marc Cherry and directed by Larry Shaw. "You're Gonna Love Tomorrow", as well as all subsequent episodes, takes place five years after the events of the fourth season finale following Cherry's decision to revamp the series with a time jump.
In the episode, Edie (Nicollette Sheridan) returns to Wisteria Lane after a five-year absence with her new husband, Dave (Neal McDonough). While Susan (Teri Hatcher) hesitates to make a romantic commitment to Jackson (Gale Harold), Lynette (Felicity Huffman) struggles with her defiant teenage children and her husband's midlife crisis. Gabrielle (Eva Longoria) deals with her daughters' weight problems and Bree (Marcia Cross) faces the ramifications of her success.
"You're Gonna Love Tomorrow" received mostly positive reviews from television critics, most of whom agreed that the time jump refreshed the show. According to Nielsen ratings, the episode drew over 18 million viewers, making it the most-watched show of the night and the second most-watched program of the week across all networks.
Plot.
Background.
"Desperate Housewives" focuses on the lives of several residents living on Wisteria Lane. In recent episodes, Susan (Teri Hatcher) and Mike Delfino (James Denton) celebrate the birth of their son. Bree Hodge (Marcia Cross) chooses to raise her grandson while her daughter, Danielle (Joy Lauren), attends college. She also issues an ultimatum, telling her husband, Orson (Kyle MacLachlan), that she will leave him if he does not turn himself into the police after committing a hit-and-run. Gabrielle Solis (Eva Longoria) struggles with Carlos' (Ricardo Antonio Chavira) permanent blindness. Also, Edie Britt (Nicollette Sheridan) leaves Wisteria Lane after the other residents shun her for her malice.
Episode.
"You're Gonna Love Tomorrow" takes place five years after the aforementioned events. Important plot information that takes place during the time jump is revealed in flashbacks. Orson has completed his prison sentence and the success of Bree's catering company has provided her the opportunity to write her own cookbook. Her business partner, Katherine Mayfair (Dana Delany), resents how Bree's success has changed her and intentionally sabotages Bree's television interview, further straining their friendship. A flashback reveals that Danielle married a lawyer and coldly took her son away from Bree. Meanwhile, Lynette is frustrated with Tom's (Doug Savant) relaxed approach to parenting their rebellious teenage sons, Porter and Preston (Charlie Carver and Max Carver, respectively). She encourages him to employ more disciplinary actions.
During the time jump, Susan and Mike were involved in a car crash that killed a mother and her child. As a result, the couple divorced and now share custody of their son, M.J. (Mason Vale Cotton). Susan engages in a sexual relationship with her house painter, Jackson Braddock (Gale Harold), but keeps their romance a secret from her friends and family. Jackson seeks a more substantial relationship, but Susan is weary of such a commitment following her divorce. Elsewhere, Gabrielle has been raising two overweight daughters, Juanita (Madison De La Garza) and Celia (Daniella Baltodano), and has also lost her own figure as well. Gabrielle tricks Juanita into exercising by driving away and making Juanita chase after her car.
After five years of absence, Edie returns to Wisteria Lane with her mysterious husband, Dave (Neal McDonough), who seems to have a calming effect on his ill-tempered wife. Later, Dave receives a phone call from Dr. Samuel Heller (Stephen Spinella), who reminds him that monthly check-ins are a condition of his release. After the conversation, Dr. Heller reviews a taped therapy session in which Dave threatens to get revenge on the man who destroyed his life.
Production.
"You're Gonna Love Tomorrow" was written by series creator and executive producer Marc Cherry and directed by Larry Shaw. Filming for the episode was scheduled to begin on July 7, 2008. The episode is the first to fully employ the five-year jump, which was introduced in the final two minutes of the fourth season finale. While developing the fifth season, Cherry began brainstorming ways to revamp the series. He stated: "The soap tends to build up, and I wanted to get back to where we were that very first season, where it's just the problems of some ordinary women and they were small and relatable." Cherry credits the producers of "Lost" for the idea of the time jump. The writers hoped the time jump would also help them avoid repeating mistakes they made during the show's poorly received second season, during which they relied heavily on storylines from the previous season. Cherry said that the time jump would be permanent, with executive producer Bob Daily clarifying that some brief flashback scenes would be used to enhance the storytelling and provide context for current plot lines. Cherry had originally wanted to do a ten-year jump, mostly to age the young characters into their teenage years in order to open up more storyline possibilities.
The writers ensured that although they were changing the storyline circumstances, the characters remained the same with minimal changes to their personalities. According to series writer Matt Berry, the time jump allowed the writers to work with the characters "without most of the baggage they’d accumulated in the earlier years, and put them into starting places so we could move them forward and build in new story arcs." For this reason, the writers treated the season premiere as a pilot, in which, according to Daily, they "could give the women a new drive." Daily identified the Susan character as having undergone the greatest change, stating that she has given up on looking for a "fairy-tale romance" and is emotionally distant in her new relationship. He also stated that the character of Gabrielle has dealt with the biggest change in terms of her circumstances, as she continues to deal with her husband's blindness and their financial problems. Actress Eva Longoria had to gain weight and wear additional body padding for her character's new storyline. Dana Delany stated that her character, Katherine, who was portrayed as an antiheroine in the previous season, is more relaxed following the time jump. However, Delany clarified that while Katherine is now friends with the other characters, she and Bree would become frenemies as a result of their business partnership. Nicollette Sheridan, commented that Edie, who played an integral role in the season's mystery story arch, is "a lot more conscientious about things season, without losing her comedic edge."
Several casting changes were made as a result of the five-year jump. Neal McDonough's involvement was announced in July 2008. McDonough did not audition for the role of Dave Williams, but was offered it after meeting with Cherry. Gale Harold continued appearing as Jackson, Susan's new love interest, after appearing briefly in the flashforward segment at the end of the fourth season. The roles of the Scavo children were recast in order to reflect their new ages following the time jump. Charlie and Max Carver replaced Brent and Shane Kinsman as Preston and Porter, respectively. The Kinsman twins appeared in a flashback in this episode. Joshua Logan Moore was cast as Parker, a role previously played by Zane Huett, and Kendall Applegate joined the cast as Penny, who had previously been portrayed by several toddler actresses. Despite their casting announcements alongside the Carver twins, Moore and Applegate did not appear in "You're Gonna Love Tomorrow". The flashforward segment at the end of the fourth season also introduced Kaila Say and Daniella Baltodano as Gabrielle's daughters, Juanita and Celia, respectively. Only Baltodano continued portraying her role for the fifth season; Say was replaced by Madison De La Garza during the summer hiatus.
Andrea Bowen, who starred as Susan's daughter, Julie, departed from the cast, as her character left for college at the end of the fourth season. Teri Hatcher expressed disappointment in the producers' decision, but Cherry stated that Bowen would return in the future. Joy Lauren, who portrayed Bree's daughter, Danielle, and Lyndsy Fonseca, who played Katherine's daughter, Dylan, also left the main cast, although the former appeared in the season premiere as a guest star. Because the fourth season ended leaving Mike's whereabouts unknown, James Denton's return to the series was questioned during hiatus. Denton stated in May 2008 that producers would not make a decision on his character until mid-June and that he was preparing to find work in case his contract was terminated. It was later confirmed that he would return to the series.
The Wisteria Lane set, which is located on the Colonial Street backlot set at Universal Studios, underwent changes for the time jump. Production designer P. Erik Carlson explained, "production designer Thomas A. Walsh had already created a fairly Utopian world, and we wanted to exaggerate and enhance it a little bit more, mostly through the use of color. We didn’t want it to feel ridiculously futuristic or viewers would be jarred by the contrast." Bree's garage was remodeled into a testing kitchen as result of the character's catering business. Additionally, all houses were repainted with bolder colors, with the exception of Gabrielle's home, in order to reflect the Solis' financial situation.
Reception.
Ratings.
According to Nielsen ratings, "You're Gonna Love Tomorrow" was watched by 18.684 million viewers and held an 11.4 rating/17 share on its original American broadcast on September 28, 2008. The episode was watched in 13.105 million total households. It was number one in its timeslot, beating "Sunday Night Football" on NBC, "Cold Case" on CBS, and "Family Guy" and "American Dad" on Fox. The episode was the most-watched program of the night in both total viewers and the young adult demographic. It was the second-most watched program of the week across all networks by viewers 18 to 49 years old, behind "Grey's Anatomy", and the second-most watched program in total viewership, behind "Dancing with the Stars". The episode also performed better than any original broadcast of the series since January 2008. It outperformed the fourth season finale by two million total viewers and showed a 17 percent increase in viewers 18 to 49 years old. At the time, the episode was the least-watched season premiere of the series, falling half a million viewers from the fourth season premiere, "Now You Know", a year earlier. However, "You're Gonna Love Tomorrow" outperformed "Now You Know" in the demographic of women between 18 and 34 years of age with a 8.3 rating/20 share in that demographic. In the United Kingdom, the episode premiered on Channel 4 on October 22, 2008. It was watched by 2.39 million viewers, becoming the sixth most-watched program of the week on the channel.
Critical reception.
The episode received mostly positive reviews from critics. Tanner Stransky of "Entertainment Weekly" called the five-year jump "a stroke of genius, effectively increasing our insight into these ladies' world by twofold." He called the Gabrielle storyline a true depiction of motherhood and applauded the scene in which Carlos and Gabrielle discuss her low self-esteem. He complimented the Bree storyline, particularly the argument scene between Bree and Katherine. He enjoyed the Dave storyline, but expressed disappointment that Edie's reappearance was the only scene that involved all of the leading women. Additionally, Stransky was not intrigued by Lynette's storyline and deemed it "more of the same" for the character. He criticized Susan's storyline, calling it annoying. He also dismissed the writers' ploy to give viewers the impression that Mike had died for almost the entire episode. "TV Guide" Matt Roush gave the episode an 'A', stating, "Moving the story ahead five years didn't so much reinvent the show as it recharged and refreshed the scintillating mix of domestic comedy and sudsy intrigue that we've always enjoyed." He highlighted the comedic Gabrielle storyline while approving the additions of McDonough and Harold to the cast. 
In his review of the first two episodes of the season, Brian Lowry of "Variety" said that while "You're Gonna Love Tomorrow" is satisfactory and establishes the five-year jump effectively, the second episode is better, calling it "a knock-out." "Entertainment Weekly" Ken Tucker commended the time jump as a reflection of both the characters' and series' ambitions, rating the episode a 'B+'. Joanna Weiss of "The Boston Globe" gave the episode a mixed review. She said that the time leap proved to be successful, as the show had been "flailing" for several seasons and concluded that, "so far, at least, this season promises to be less about plot than personality. That doesn't mean the show is perfect - it never was - but it's better, and that's a big relief." The "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" Rob Owen was positive in his review, noting that the writers handled the five-year leap well, especially in regards to Lynette's storyline. He complimented the episode's comedy and expressed his hope that the time jump would allow the writers to focus on humor rather than overly-dramatic storylines.

</doc>
<doc id="19086109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086109" title="Arwa (water)">
Arwa (water)

Arwa is a bottled water brand produced by The Coca-Cola Company. It is sold across the Middle East countries.
"Arwa Fruits", a flavoured sparkling water variant, was launched in 2010.
"Arwa" is an Arabic feminine given name. It means "satisfied", "pleasant", "fresh". It could also mean "mountain goat" or "deer". 

</doc>
<doc id="19086119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086119" title="Culcairn railway station">
Culcairn railway station

Culcairn railway station is located in the centre of the Riverina town of Culcairn, New South Wales, Australia on the Main Southern railway line — the main line connecting Australia's two largest cities, Sydney and Melbourne. The station is served by the NSW TrainLink Melbourne - Sydney rail service.
The timber station building is an example of an early roadside station building, being built with the opening of the railway in 1880. The platform face is brick, with a pedestrian footbridge crossing the tracks at a nearby level crossing. The second platform and building have since been removed. The Station Master's residence was built circa 1883 and is being redeveloped by the Culcairn Museum Committee. An old railway carriage in located in the back garden.
The station was once the junction for the Corowa and Holbrook branch lines.

</doc>
<doc id="19086136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086136" title="István Farkas (footballer)">
István Farkas (footballer)

István Farkas (born 16 June 1984 in Kecskemét) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Ceglédi VSE.
References.
This article has been written based on the Magyar version of Wikipedia - Farkas István (labdarugo) *:hu:Farkas István (labdarúgó)

</doc>
<doc id="19086140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086140" title="Mišače">
Mišače

Mišače () is a small settlement on the road from Globoko to Otoče in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19086142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086142" title="Saburō Matsukata">
Saburō Matsukata

Saburō Matsukata (松方三郎) (August 1, 1899 – September 15, 1973) of Japan served on the World Scout Committee of the World Organization of the Scout Movement and was a Governor of the Boy Scouts of Japan.
Matsukata was son of the early Meiji Period Finance Minister and genrō, Matsukata Masayoshi.
In 1963, Matsukata was awarded the "Bronze Wolf", the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting.
A life-long alpinist, Matsukata led Japan's 39-person expedition to Everest in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19086143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086143" title="Balázs Koszó">
Balázs Koszó

Balázs Koszó (born 20 March 1988 in Kecskemét) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Kecskeméti TE.
References.
This article has been written based on the Magyar version of Wikipedia Koszó Balázs.

</doc>
<doc id="19086146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086146" title="László Kormos">
László Kormos

László Kormos (born 24 June 1986 in Mezőtúr) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Ceglédi VSE.

</doc>
<doc id="19086149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086149" title="Copper Kettle">
Copper Kettle

"Copper Kettle" (also known as "Get you a Copper Kettle", "In the pale moonlight") is a song composed by Albert Frank Beddoe and made popular by Joan Baez. Pete Seeger's account dates the song to 1946, mentioning its probable folk origin,In 1946, a tall awkward man came upstairs to the offices of People's Songs and offered to help with the typing. The offer was gratefully accepted. Three days later, we asked his name.
"Frank."
But what's your last name?
"Frank."
Just Frank Frank? No middle initial?
"O."
So, Frank O. Frank came to help us, and invaluable help it was, too. A few months later, he said that in his home county, Bexar County, Texas, were some fine songs, and that he had mimeographed a collection of them. Later, it appeared that many were rewritten by him, and some were almost totally original songs, but in any case, they went from hand to hand, and some people sing them now as old folk songs, such as "Get You a Copper Kettle," "See Them Buzzards," and "Quantrell Side." Good songs, folk or Frank.</ref> while in a 1962 "Time" readers column A. F. Beddoe says that the song was written by him in 1953 as part of the folk opera "Go Lightly, Stranger". The song praises the good aspects of moonshining as told to the listener by a man whose "daddy made whiskey, and granddaddy did too". The line "We ain't paid no whiskey tax since 1792" alludes to an unpopular tax imposed in 1791 by the fledgling U.S. Federal Government. The levy provoked the Whiskey Rebellion and generally had a short life, barely lasting until 1803. Enjoyable lyrics and simple melody turned "Copper Kettle" into a popular folk song.

</doc>
<doc id="19086166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086166" title="Hark Bohm">
Hark Bohm

Hark Bohm (born 18 May 1939) is a German actor, screenwriter, film director, playwright and former professor for cinema studies. He was born in Hamburg-Othmarschen and grew up on the island Amrum. His younger brother was the actor Marquard Bohm, who starred in some of his early films. He is most notable for his long-time collaboration with Rainer Werner Fassbinder.
His first featurefilm as a director was the German western "Tschetan, der Indianerjunge" shot in 1972 and starring his brother Marquard as well as his adopted son Dschingis Bowakow as Tschetan.
In 1978, he directed the film "Moritz, Dear Moritz", which was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival. Ten years later, his film "Yasemin" was entered into the 38th Berlin International Film Festival. In 1990, his film "Herzlich willkommen" was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival. In 1997, he was a member of the jury at the 47th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19086167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086167" title="Stop, I Don't Love You Anymore">
Stop, I Don't Love You Anymore

"Stop I Don't Love You Anymore" is the second single from Sharleen Spiteri's first solo album "Melody". It was slated for a September 29, 2008 release, but then for unknown reasons it was pushed back and finally got released on October 6, 2008 as a digital download only single. This song failed to chart inside the top 100 UK singles, peaking only at #107.
Background.
Speaking in August 2008 to noted UK soul/R&B writer Pete Lewis of the award-winning 'Blues & Soul', Spiteri explained how the song and track first came about: "It was funny, because my daughter inspired me to write that title! She loves music, and we were upstairs singing away when she suddenly started going 'Stop, baby - I don't love you!'! And I was like 'That's IT! Stop, I don't love you anymore!'! You know, as a five-year-old she said in such a simple way exactly what I'd been trying to get across, but hadn't quite managed to come up with. And for the track's actual production, I was inspired by how - with a band like The Supremes - they'd have that big, vast orchestration and then put those beautiful, sweet vocals on top of it."
Music video.
The music video premiered on Spiteri's Youtube channel on 1 September 2008.
It begins with the title of the single appearing on a TV, then you see that a woman is watching the TV, as the camera pulls close to the TV Spiteri is seen singing. While she is singing, clips of couples are shown. While singing the word Stop, the word also goes across the screen followed by the words I Don't Love You Anymore. This repeats itself through the end of the video.

</doc>
<doc id="19086177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086177" title="Nitty Gritty Dirt Band discography">
Nitty Gritty Dirt Band discography

This is a detailed discography for American country-folk-rock band The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band.

</doc>
<doc id="19086179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086179" title="Item Unique Identification">
Item Unique Identification

Unique Identification Marking, UID marking, Item Unique Identification or IUID, is a part of the compliance process mandated by the United States Department of Defense. It is a permanent marking method used to give equipment a unique ID. Marking is essential for all equipment with an acquisition cost of over $5,000, equipment which is mission essential, controlled inventory, serially-controlled, or consumable. UID-marking is a set of data for assets that is globally unique and unambiguous. The technology used to mark an item is 2D Data Matrix ECC 200 Symbol. UID marking ensures data integrity and data quality throughout life; it also supports multi-faceted business applications. DoD is enabled by UID marking standard to reach established goals and objectives by enhanced total asset visibility, improved lifecycle item management and accountability and clean financial audits.
As per the memorandum issued by the Department of Defense (DoD), UID-marking is a must for all solicitations issued on or after Jan. 1, 2005. Also the US Department of Defence has made it mandatory for all federal contractors to have UID-marking on their government furnished military and non-military equipment by September 30, 2007. Only after the products have UID-marking containing uniquely identified numbers, they are eligible for IUID Registry.
Description.
Tangible items are distinguished from one another by the assignment of a unique identifier in the form of a unique data string and encoded in a bar code placed on the item. An item unique identifier is only assigned to a single item and is never reused. Once assigned to an item, the IUID is never changed even if the item is modified or re-engineered. IUID is similar to social security numbering used to distinguish citizens of the United States from one another. 
In the case of a lot or batch of items that are not individually serialized, the entire lot or batch may have a unique identifier assigned. For example, a manufacturer might place a unique IUID physical mark on the exterior of a kit or container that holds a gross quantity of mission critical items. The government would refer to this IUID at the point of acceptance. The entire gross quantity in this case is treated as a single item. In this case, the IUID is no longer useful after the items are separated, and the individual items from the batch or lot are never uniquely identified.
IUID is physically marked on tangible items or assets using a two-dimensional (2D) Data Matrix symbol with the data formatted in accordance with specified standards. The encoded data is identified by the use of data identifiers, application identifiers or text element identifiers. The choice of which identifier to use is based upon normal industry practices of the organization assigning the serialization. The formatted data is called a Unique Item Identifier (UII). The Data Matrix symbol is a machine-readable representation of the UII.
When DoD requires this marking it shall be applied directly to the surface of the item or shall be applied to an identification plate, tag or label securely fastened to the item. The UII is intended to be a permanent mark and cannot be changed over the life of the item. 
To create a compliant unique item identifier, all required information about the part and the organization producing it is linked together – concatenated – into a single data field of up to 50 numeric, alphabetic or alphanumeric characters. This data must be entered into the IUID Registry to “ensure uniqueness” of each item submitted for listing in the registry. This unique item identifier can also see use within manufacturing, maintenance and logistics organizations for any number of varied purposes.
Marking of tangible items or assets in accordance with IUID policy is mandated by incorporating Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) clause 252-211-7003 in DoD contracts.
Application.
Per the UID standard, a 2D Data Matrix bar code that is applied with either direct part UID-marking techniques or labels must also prove to be generated to a level of quality that meets the standards set by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) and the Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE). UID Markings and 2D Matrix Barcode Symbols can be created on a variety of surfaces. Generally UCC.EAN, ANSI MH 10.8.2 or ATA style descriptors are used for UID-marking symbol. Vendors supplying parts to the Department of Defense are required to supply parts with UID Data Matrix Symbols conforming to MIL-STD 130M standard. By using a Data Matrix Symbol laser etching system to engrave a UID onto each part, items can be uniquely identified by manufacturer, part number and serial number.
Marking Methodology.
UID bar code must be maintained as a readable bar code throughout the entire life of the item; hence strong consideration must be given to the UID-marking methodology. Metal tag with a permanent adhesive or durable polyester label are suitable for many environments but other marking items such as laser etch, dot peen, Metalphoto photosensitive anodized aluminum, chemical etch or ink jet can also be used for direct part Unique Identification.
The following methodologies (constructs) and equivalents are approved:
The following IUID Equivalents are also approved:
Accepted Issuing Agencies:
Policy.
Department of Defense Instruction (DoDI) 5000.64 mandates that the following tangible items are marked with an item unique identifier:
Responsibility - Often, the question of responsibility for IUID comes into light when multiple organization are involved in the production and/or procurement of items. According to the guidance, IUID is required at the component level based on a program manager determination. Program managers should be interpreted as any activity member who manages the requirement for procurement of an item. This would include personnel such as Integrated Support Team Managers, Systems Managers, or Item Managers. 
The prime contractor is responsible for ensuring uniqueness. The prime contractor can direct their vendors to use the prime's EID. However, from a manufacturing process perspective, this may not be the most efficient and effective way for their vendors to mark parts. If the item does not already have unique identification and meets IUID criteria, the enterprise furnishing the item to the Government must provide unique item identification marking as part of the purchase price. In situations where sub-contractors are furnishing items to the prime contractor, it is the responsibility of the prime contractor to ensure that the items are marked in accordance with the IUID requirements prior to furnishing to the Government, either by flowing down the requirements to the subcontractor or marking the item themselves. The prime will also have the added responsibility of ensuring uniqueness of the subcontractor's serial number within the prime's enterprise (Construct #1) or the subcontractor's serial number within the subcontractor's part number within the prime's enterprise (Construct #2).
Compliance.
Marking and printing is the first and foremost step of the UID Compliance process. This marking is nothing but the 2D data matrix code. Dot peen, chemical etch, laser mark, durable polyester or ink jet are generally used for marking. After conforming to the set standards with regard to printing and marking, the next step is syntax and formatting. Before the items are ready to be received they must be scanned and tracked for checking accuracy and hence this step is crucial. Then comes the reporting phase where the UID meeting requirements are tracked to the item-specific location. The UID data is submitted to the WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow) and UID Registry In the last step of UID compliance. All the contracts, deliverables and government properties possessed by the contractors need to be marked with this 2D data matrix code standard. 
It is mandatory for all suppliers to be UID Compliant who deliver their items to the DoD. All the items and properties either owned by or in the contract with the need to be identified with a unique serialized identification number and for them UID Compliance standard is obligatory. This identification number is very essential for meeting the MIL STD 130 standards. UID Compliance is mandatory for all the government properties that are in the possession of the contractors and to be delivered to the Department of Defense.
IUID benefits expected.
DoD’s IUID policy was designed to help the defense community – 
Terminology.
IUID - Item Unique Identification is the strategic system implemented by the DoD to enhance the traceability of the property.
UID - Unique Identification, the term UID is commonly used for different things and sometimes used in place of IUID, and thus can be a source of confusion. Generally, "The UID" refers to the physical mark on the asset or the UID Label.
UII - The Unique Item Identifier is a set of data for an asset(s) that is globally unique and unambiguous, ensures data integrity and data quality throughout life, and supports multi-faceted business applications and users.
2D Matrix - The square 2D Data Matrix symbol marked on the item contains data compression, redundancy, and additional information to aid in decoding. This information can be translated by a MRI device (per ISO-15343) and concatenated into a human-readable string of 50 characters or less per MIL-STD-130N. (Note that this limit was previously 78 characters in MIL-STD-130M, superseded in December 2007.) The human-readable concatenated UII (Unique Item Identifier) is properly referred to as the IUII or "Individual Unique Item Identifier". The IUII provides a high probability of being globally unique, regardless of context.
IUID Registry - The U.S. Federal Government maintains an IUID Registry data system to store records for all assets marked and delivered to the government or are in the custody of contractors. The registry also stores "Virtual IUID" information for assets that fall under IUID criteria but are unable to be marked (mainly due to asset location constraints) The IUID Registry can be publicly accessed via the web at https://iuid.logisticsinformationservice.dla.mil/ .
Virtual IUID - Asset data is uploaded to the registry as with normal IUID but the asset is not physically marked until a trigger event occurs (such as maintenance, transportation, or inspection). Commonly used when an asset is located overseas or in use and scheduled to return to a central location.
UID enumeration.
The following enumeration constructs are approved:

</doc>
<doc id="19086194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086194" title="Mlaka, Radovljica">
Mlaka, Radovljica

Mlaka () is a small village off the road from Begunje na Gorenjskem to Tržič in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19086197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086197" title="Louis Delfino">
Louis Delfino

Louis Delfino (5 October 1912–11 June 1968) was a French fighter ace in World War II and a General in the French Air Force.
Delfino was born on 5 October 1912 in Nice. As a boy, his father was killed in World War I. Delfino entered Saint-Cyr military academy in September 1931, graduated, and was promoted to second lieutenant in 1933. He joined the French Air Force and, after earning his wings on 27 July 1934, began his flying career as a reconnaissance pilot. In 1938, shortly before the outbreak of World War II, he joined Groupe de Chasse I/4 (GC I/4) in Reims. GC I/4 was moved to Wez-Thuisy in August 1939, and Delfino, now a captain and adjutant of the unit, saw little action in the opening months of the war.
On 17 May 1940, he was named commandant of the GC II/9's 4th squadron. After the armistice, he rejoined his old group, GC I/4, in Dakar. In August 1943, he became deputy commandant, but the coastal patrol missions did not satisfy his adventurous temperament, so he applied for transfer to the Normandie-Niemen squadron.
Delfino obtained his transfer to Normandie-Niemen on 28 February 1944. He succeeded Pierre Pouyade as the head of the regiment on 12 November. A major in June 1944, he was promoted to wing commander/lieutenant colonel in April 1945.
On 1 January 1946, he became the leader of the 611th wing, composed of only one group – the Normandie-Niemen. On 11 August, he became commandant of the 11th wing upon its return from Indochina. As a colonel in 1951, he was named inspector of the fighter arm the following year. His tenure at this post had an important influence on the regulation and use of fighters. As commandant of defense zone 901 in 1954, he received his first stars in 1957. He then worked with the aerial territorial defense, of which he took command in May 1961. Promoted to air marshal/lieutenant-general in 1964, he became inspector general of the French Air Force.
He died of a heart attack on 11 June 1968, at age 56.

</doc>
<doc id="19086211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086211" title="Glostra">
Glostra

Glostra is a Finnish interdisciplinary research group which studies globally significant phenomena related to corporate strategies. The research team is a combination of researchers and business executives from Finnish companies and universities, including Helsinki University of Technology (TKK), the Helsinki School of Economics (HSE) and the University of Tampere (UT).
Glostra's core mission is to enhance ways of thinking about strategy, and help business organizations acquire a competitive advantage through systematic examination of the relationship between companies and the industries they are part of.

</doc>
<doc id="19086217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086217" title="Carolyn Coman">
Carolyn Coman

Carolyn Coman (born 1951 in Evanston near Chicago) is a writer of children's books, living in South Hampton, New Hampshire. Her books "What Jamie Saw" (1995) and "Many Stones" (2000) were nominated for several awards.
She worked as a bookbinder 1975-84 and later as an editor with Heinemann before she became a full-time writer. Her books include the portrait documentary of the debut, and a picture book before 4 novels for young adults from 1993 to 2000. Her two latest books (2004 and 2007), for middle grade readers, combines humour, investigation and a sense of nostalgia.
Her four young adult novels are described as “she explores the darker sides of growing up:dealing with parent's abandonment through death in "Tell Me Everything", abuse by a stepparent in "What Jamie Saw", sibling incest in "Bee and Jacky" and a political-inspired tragedy in "Many Stones".” "Many Stones" was inspired by the murder of Amy Biehl. 
Her book "What Jamie Saw" (1995) was short-listed for the Newbery Medal and National Book Award, it was also nominated for Dorothy Canfield Fisher Children's Book Award. "Many Stones" (2000) was a National Book Award finalist, won the Michael L. Printz Award and were listed among "School Library Journal's Best Books of The Year".

</doc>
<doc id="19086222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086222" title="1964 Chatham Cup">
1964 Chatham Cup

The 1964 Chatham Cup was the 37th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with regional associations each holding separate qualifying rounds. As there were different numbers of rounds in each region, the round names given here are only approximate.
Other teams taking part in the final rounds are known to have included Napier Rovers.
Highlights and lowlights.
Noteworthy incidentes which occurred during the 1964 Chatham Cup include a match between Kawerau and Whakatane Town, which was delayed for 20 minutes after a goal collapsed when Whakatane forward B. Good slid into the net while scoring his side's first goal. A match between Mount Roskill and Whangarei High School Old Boys was also delayed when a late switch of venue caused several Whangarei players to fail to arrive at the ground. The match was delayed before Whangarei finally took to the field with several reserve players.
The 1964 final.
The Mount had the perfect start to the final, with Geoff Cozens scoring in the second minute. Ray Darby doubled the lead halfway through the first half, and the Aucklanders went to the break 2-0 up. Darby made it three in the 73rd minute, and the 80th minute strike from Tech's Bill Porteous was merely a consolation effort.

</doc>
<doc id="19086224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086224" title="Salibandyliiga">
Salibandyliiga

The Salibandyliiga is the top floorball league in the country of Finland. There are men's and women's divisions, and the winner at the end of each season is presented with a national championship. The league was founded in 1986, but has only been referred to as the "salibandyliiga" since 1994. "Salibandyliiga" is organized by the company "SSBL Salibandy Oy" which is owned by the Finnish Floorball Federation (SSBL).
Format.
Regular season.
In the regular season, every team plays one home and one away game against all teams. If a team finishes in the top 8, they will qualify for the playoffs in the spring. The 14th (men's) and 12th (women's) placed teams are automatically relegated into a lower division in the Finnish Floorball League. The highest ranked team in that lower division is promoted to the Salibandyliiga.
Playoffs.
The playoffs are played every spring. The top 8 teams from the regular season play for the national championship. The teams are set up in a 1-8, 2-7, 3-6, 4-5 system. All series in the playoffs are played on a best-3-of-5 system. The only exception is the bronze medal series, where only one match is played. The higher ranked teams are given home court advantage.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19086243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086243" title="Mošnje">
Mošnje

Mošnje () is a village in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Places of interest in Mošnje include the local church, dedicated to Saint Andrew, Podvin Castle, now a hotel, the local museum, and the remains of a recently excavated Roman "villa rustica".
Mass graves.
Mošnje is the site of three known mass graves from the period immediately after the Second World War. All three graves are located southwest of the settlement, above the Sava River. The contain the remains of about 300 German prisoners of war murdered between 8 and 15 May 1945. The Zgoša Mass Grave () lies in the woods, a few meters below a forest road and about 250 m east of the railroad. The Hayfields Mass Grave () is located along a path on the edge of the woods. The Foxtail Mass Grave () lies in the woods, about 50 m from a field.

</doc>
<doc id="19086248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086248" title="Ulrich Schamoni">
Ulrich Schamoni

Ulrich Schamoni (November 9, 1939 – March 9, 1998) was a German film director, screenwriter, actor and media proprietor.
Biography.
Schamoni began his career as an assistant director, among others for William Dieterle. He was a signatory of the Oberhausen Manifesto in 1962. His first feature film, "Es", won five Deutsche Filmpreise. His 1967 film "Alle Jahre wieder" won the Silver Bear Extraordinary Jury Prize at the 17th Berlin International Film Festival.
He was the brother of Peter Schamoni, also a film director and producer.
Ulrich Schamoni died on the March 9, 1998 in Berlin as a result of a cancer illness and was buried at the Waldfriedhof Zehlendorf in that city's Zehlendorf district.

</doc>
<doc id="19086254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086254" title="Willamette Valley Medical Center">
Willamette Valley Medical Center

Willamette Valley Medical Center is a for-profit Level III acute care hospital in McMinnville, Oregon, United States. Opened at a different location as McMinnville Community Hospital, the four story medical center has 80 licensed hospital beds. Adjacent to the McMinnville Airport on Oregon Route 18, the facility is owned by Capella Healthcare.
History.
In 1904, the first hospital was established in McMinnville. In the early 1970s, the then 40 bed McMinnville Community Hospital was sold to outside investors. The building was located on South Baker Street in downtown near Linfield College. In September 1987, Hospital Corporation of America sold McMinnville Community Hospital and 101 other medical centers to Health Trust, a company created by the employees.
In 1994, owner Columbia/HCA Healthcare Corporation approved the construction of a new campus near the city’s airport. Built on the the new facility cost $45 million to build and was more than twice as big as the former hospital. The new 67-bed campus opened in March 1996 and was constructed by McDevitt Street Bovis. The hospital was then renamed as Columbia Willamette Valley Medical Center.
In 1995, the hospital was named one of America’s 100 Top Hospitals by Mercer Health Care Provider Consulting and HCIA, Inc. out of 3,400 hospitals nationwide. A occupational medicine clinic was added in 1999. In 1999, Columbia/HCA created two subsidiaries and sold the hospital to Triad, one of those two spin-offs. 
In 2001, the hospital had revenues of $88.3 million and an operating profit of $10.5 million. In October 2002, a cancer treatment center was opened at a cost of $5.5 million. Community Health Systems purchased Triad in a $6.8 billion deal in July 2007, acquiring the McMinnville medical center. In March 2008, the hospital was one of nine facilities sold by Community Health Systems to Capella Healthcare.
Details.
The exterior of the four-story is faced with mauve colored brick and blue tinted windows. The medical centers main building contains of space. Willamette Valley Medical Center is the only hospital in the city of McMinnville, with the next closest medical center in Newberg at Providence Newberg Medical Center.
Willamette Valley Medical offers a variety of medical services including critical care, acute care, a 24-hour Level III emergency room, diagnostic imaging, cancer treatment, dialysis, cardiac care, a birth center, occupational medicine, operating rooms, and laboratory services among others. Located directly behind the hospital building, is the cancer treatment center. The center’s building includes a water fountain made of copper, a kitchenette for patients, an enclosed walkway to the main building, floor-to-ceiling windows, and an exterior courtyard. Inside, the facility offers radiation treatment, chemotherapy, and a linear accelerator. The cancer center also offers outpatient treatments.
In 2006, the hospital had a net profit of $14 million on gross patient revenues of $161 million. In 2007, the center staffed 67 hospital beds and had 108,573 visits of which 20,204 were emergency room visits. That year there were 1,303 surgeries and 749 babies born at the hospital. The medical center is accredited by The Joint Commission, employees 592 people, and has a total of 150 doctors with access.

</doc>
<doc id="19086260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086260" title="Warren Ukah">
Warren Ukah

Warren Ukah (born March 22, 1985 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American soccer player.
Career.
Ukah attended Grady High School before turning professional in 2003 with Village United in the Jamaican National Premier League. Following the 2003-2004 Jamaican season, he returned to the US to play the summer season with the Wilmington Hammerheads of the USL Pro Soccer League. He went back to Village United for the 2004-2005 season then came back north in 2005 to play for the Virginia Beach Mariners in the USL Second Division. 
In 2006, Ukah signed with the Atlanta Silverbacks of the USL First Division. He spent three seasons with the Silverbacks, but lost much of the 2008 season with injuries. The team withdrew from the league at the end of the season. Ukah signed with the Milwaukee Wave of Major Indoor Soccer League in 2007. He was named to the 2007-2008 MISL All Rookie Team.
In 2009, having been unable to secure a professional contract, Ukah signed with Portland Timbers' development team, Portland Timbers U23s, for their inaugural campaign in the USL Premier Development League but played just two PDL games before moving to the Rochester Rhinos in July 2009. On March 22, 2010 he signed with NSC Minnesota Stars.
Ukah played for the Baltimore Blast of the Major Indoor Soccer League for the 2010-11 season. He played in 17 of the teams 20 regular season games, scoring 19 points (1 3G, 4 2G, 8 A). He went scoreless in the play-off championship game, one the Blast lost to the Milwaukee Wave, 6-17. (This was the team's only play-off game.)
Ukah signed with NASL club FC Tampa Bay on March 28, 2011. On October 4, 2011, after conclusion of the 2011 season, FC Tampa Bay announced it would not re-sign Ukah for the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19086266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086266" title="Gibbs lemma">
Gibbs lemma

In game theory and in particular the study of Blotto games and operational research, the Gibbs Lemma is a result that is useful in maximization problems. It is named for Josiah Willard Gibbs.
Consider formula_1. Suppose formula_2 is maximized, subject to formula_3 and formula_4, at formula_5. If the formula_6 are differentiable, then the Gibbs Lemma states that there exists a formula_7 such that 

</doc>
<doc id="19086276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086276" title="Rudolf Noelte">
Rudolf Noelte

Rudolf Noelte (21 March 1921 – 8 November 2002) was a German film director, theater director and opera director.

</doc>
<doc id="19086280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086280" title="6×45mm">
6×45mm

The 6×45mm is a rimless, bottlenecked cartridge based on the .223 Remington or 5.56 NATO cartridge necked up to .243 (6mm). The cartridge is also known as the 6mm-223 Remington or 6mm/223.
History.
Soon after the release of the .223 Remington as a commercial cartridge, shooters began experimenting with the cartridge in an attempt to improve its performance. Several of these experimenters necked up the .223 Remington to 6mm as the .24 (6.1 mm) caliber bullets provided better external ballistic performance over .22 (5.7 mm) caliber bullets. While several variations existed between early versions of these cartridges, the 6×45mm as we know it today became the standard version of the cartridge which is simply a necked up version of the .223 Remington without any further modifications or improvements made to it.
General Information.
The cartridge’s inherent accuracy was a carry over from the .222 Remington which already had a loyal following in benchrest shooting fraternity. Benchrest shooters soon took notice of the cartridge and began building custom rifles chambered for the cartridge. As a testament to the 6×45mm’s accuracy, Jim Stekl, who at that time managed Remington’s custom shop and developer of the .22 BR cartridge, scored an aggregate record of in the 1973 IBS 200 yard Sporter category. However, its use in competitive shooting waned with the arrival of the 6mm BR and 6mm PPC cartridges on the benchrest shooting scene.
The advantage of the 6×45mm over the .223 Remington is that it is capable of being loaded with heavier bullets with better ballistic coefficient ratings than its parent cartridge, the .223 Remington. This results in a flatter trajectory, less susceptible to wind drift and with better energy retention characteristics.
The cartridge is extremely efficient with its small powder charge. This translated to excellent barrel life. The cartridge has a very low recoil and muzzle blast which make it a pleasant cartridge to shoot.
Since the cartridge was never commercially adopted by an ammunition manufacturer, it has remained a wildcat cartridge since its inception. However, making cases from existing .223 Remington brass is as simple as running the case through a 6×45mm die. The availability of .223 cases, the ease of forming, and the light powder charge make for a very affordable shooting cartridge.
Performance.
The advantage of the 6×45 mm over the .223 Remington is that it is capable of being loaded with heavier bullets with better ballistic coefficient ratings than its parent cartridge, the .223 Remington. This results in a flatter trajectory (with bullets of similar weight), less susceptibility to wind drift and better energy retention characteristics.
Cartridge Specifications.
The 6×45 mm is a wildcat cartridge and has not been standardized by any agency nor has it been offered a proprietary cartridge by any ammunition manufacturer. Some specialty rifle makers such as those that sell varmint rifles offer rifles chambered in this cartridge. Specifications for the cartridge are derived from the necked up parent cartridge without further improvement.
The cartridge maximum overall length is nominally given as , however, as the cartridge is a wildcat cartridge chamber dimensions may vary from manufacturer to manufacturer. For this reason overall length of the cartridge may vary.
Hunting Applications.
Many countries and many U.S. states require a minimum of .24 caliber (6.1 mm) for hunting certain game species, such as deer. In such countries and states the 6×45mm would be legal for hunting as long as no further requirement regarding power, energy, or case length is stipulated. However, it should be considered a marginal cartridge for these game species at best.
The cartridge gained a following in South Africa where it was used to hunt small antelope and gazelle species such as duiker, impala, klipspringer, springbok and the Thompson’s gazelles. In North America it is capable of taking small predator species such as bobcats, coyotes and foxes. In Europe, it can be used for small goat and deer species such as the roe deer and chamois where legally permitted.
An improved version of the cartridge called the 6mm TCU was developed for metallic silhouette shooting. While the cartridges are quite similar they are not interchangeable.
Platform Availability.
The AR-15/M-16 can easily be converted to the 6×45mm with a simple barrel swap with few or no further modifications to the rifle. This is also true for rifles such as Ruger’s Mini 14 and most bolt action rifles chambered for the .223 Remington cartridge. The 6×45mm cartridge provides better down range performance than the .223 Remington or the 5.56 NATO cartridges. The cartridge is currently offered by Les Baer in an AR platform rifle. The cartridge had been offered by Cooper Arms, Kimber and a few other rifle manufacturers in their rifles as a regular factory chambering for a period of time.
However, the cartridge’s breakthrough was in the area of handgun hunting where it became very popular. The bolt action Remington XP-100 pistol and the break-open Thompson/Center Contender handgun were chambered for the cartridge. It provided a flat shooting cartridge capable of taking small deer and small game species.
In February 2010, Black Hills Ammunition began selling 6×45mm ammunition. They use standard .243 bullets weighing 85 and 100 gr. Sporting Products LLC also began to distribute AR-15 uppers and complete rifles chambered for the 6×45mm.

</doc>
<doc id="19086314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086314" title="Nova Vas pri Lescah">
Nova Vas pri Lescah

Nova Vas pri Lescah (; ) is a settlement near Lesce in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Nova vas" to "Nova vas pri Lescah" in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="19086325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086325" title="Fiji at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Fiji at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Fiji competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China. The country's delegation consisted of a single athlete, visually impaired sprinter Ranjesh Prakash, who competed in two events in athletics. Prakash was also his country's flagbearer during the Games' opening ceremony.
High jumper Iliesa Delana was initially reported in May 2007 as having qualified for the Games, but it was later reported that he had "fshort during trials".

</doc>
<doc id="19086326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086326" title="Lack, Poland">
Lack, Poland

Lack is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hanna, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south-west of Hanna, north-west of Włodawa, and north-east of the regional capital Lublin.
In 1997 the village had a population of 780.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19086332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086332" title="Passiflora herbertiana">
Passiflora herbertiana

Passiflora herbertiana, or Native Passionfruit, is a widespread climbing twiner native to moist forests on the coast and ranges of eastern Australia. The subspecies "P. h. insulae-howei" is endemic to Lord Howe Island in the Tasman Sea.
Description.
The leaves are usually 3-lobed usually with a slightly hairy undersurface; 6–12 cm long; with petioles mostly 1.5–4 cm long, with 2 glands at the apex. Stipules are linear, mostly 1–3 mm long. The flowers are 6 cm wide and yellow to orange. The following green berry is 50 mm long with pale spots.

</doc>
<doc id="19086338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086338" title="Shintarō Negishi">
Shintarō Negishi

In 1975, Negishi was awarded the 105th "Bronze Wolf", the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting, at the 25th World Scout Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="19086346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086346" title="Noše">
Noše

Noše () is a small settlement near Brezje in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19086354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086354" title="The Haunted House (2005 film)">
The Haunted House (2005 film)

The Haunted House is a Khmer 2005 horror film based on a rumor spread throughout Kampong Chhnang province regarding a large deserted house made of black wood, found along Nation Road #5 in Cambodia.The Fifth film produced by Campro Production.
Plot.
After the ghosts spoke to the ghostbuster, they agreed to stop haunting people if the people would stop coming to the house. Finally the village became quiet and happy again and the abandoned house became part of the local mythology to present day.
Rumor.
The film is claimed to be true story that is existing right now in Cambodia but it is very hard to believe because of there is no specific proof of ghost.

</doc>
<doc id="19086358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086358" title="Petroleum in the United States">
Petroleum in the United States

Petroleum in the United States has been a major industry since shortly after the oil discovery in the Oil Creek area of Titusville, Pennsylvania in 1859. As of 2008, the U.S. was the world's third-largest oil producer (after Saudi Arabia and Russia), producing 8.5 million barrels of oil and natural gas liquids per day. The leading oil-producing area in the United States in 2008 was the federal zone of the Gulf of Mexico, which produced per day, followed by Texas ( per day), Alaska ( per day) and California ( per day). 
In 2008, petroleum was the largest source of energy in the U.S., providing 38 percent of the energy consumed (an additional 24 percent was from natural gas). In 2008 the United States consumed per day of petroleum products, of which 46 percent was gasoline, 20 percent diesel fuel and heating oil, and 10 percent liquified petroleum gas. The U.S. imports 49 percent of the petroleum it uses. The largest sources of U.S. imported oil are (in descending order): Canada, Saudi Arabia, Mexico, Venezuela, and Russia.
More than 1.8 million people work in the U.S. petroleum industry, which includes the production, processing, transportation, and marketing of natural gas and petroleum products.
History.
Although some oil was produced commercially before 1859 as a byproduct from salt brine wells, the American oil industry started on a major scale with the discovery of oil at the Drake Well in western Pennsylvania in 1859. 
U.S. crude oil production peaked in 1970 at per day. 2008 production was per day of crude oil (not including natural gas liquids).
U.S. natural gas production peaked in 1973 at , declined to a low of in 1986, then rose again to in 2008.
Exploration.
Each year, tens of thousands of wells are drilled in search of oil and gas in the U.S. In 2009, 36,243 wells were drilled.
Statistics.
The Energy Information Administration of the United States Department of Energy publishes extensive statistics on the production, importation, and uses of petroleum in the United States.
In 1913 the United States was extracting 65 percent of the world's petroleum. 
In 1989 the U.S. contained only 5 percent of the world's oil reserves.

</doc>
<doc id="19086364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086364" title="MIL-STD-129">
MIL-STD-129

MIL-STD-129 standard is used for maintaining uniformity while marking military equipment and supplies that are transported through ships. This standard has been approved to be used by the United States Department of Defense and all other government agencies. Items must be marked for easy identification before they are transported. The marking helps the military personnel to fill the necessary requisition, when a particular stock goes short of the balance level. 
Category.
Shipping containers carrying military items can be categorized into 3 types namely Unit Containers, Intermediate Containers and Exterior Containers as per the requirement standard of MIL-STD-129. However, for all type of containers the basic format such as National Stock Number (NSN), item description and part number are mandatory. For Exterior containers certain additional labels like Military Shipment Level (MSL), serial number barcode and Direct-Vendor Delivery level (DVD) are required. 
Appendage to MIL-STD-129.
A new standard, known as MIL-STD-129P (4) was generated after changes were made to the old MIL-STD-129P (3) on 19 September 2007. There is amendment for exterior containers in this new MIL-STD-129P (4) standard. Now onwards along with the earlier NSN, Contract and CAGE, two new bar codes namely The Contract Line Item (CLIN) and Shipment Numbers (SN) are mandatory for exterior containers.

</doc>
<doc id="19086374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086374" title="Otoče">
Otoče

Otoče () is a village on the Sava River in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19086384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086384" title="To Hell and Back (video game)">
To Hell and Back (video game)

To Hell and Back is a platform game developed for 8-bit systems by Andy Jervis and published by CRL in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19086385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086385" title="Program animation">
Program animation

Program animation or Stepping refers to the very common debugging method of executing code one "line" at a time. The programmer may examine the state of the program, machine, and related data "before and after" execution of a particular line of code. This allows evaluation of the effects of that statement or instruction in isolation and thereby gain insight into the behavior (or misbehavior) of the executing program. Nearly all modern IDEs and debuggers support this mode of execution.
Some Testing tools allow programs to be executed step-by-step optionally at either source code level or machine code level depending upon the availability of data collected at compile time.
History.
Instruction stepping or single cycle also referred to the related, more microscopic, but now obsolete method of debugging code by stopping the processor clock and manually advancing it one cycle at a time. For this to be possible, three things are required:
On the IBM System 360 processor range, these facilities were provided by front panel switches, buttons and banks of neon lights.
Other systems such as the PDP-11 provided similar facilities, again on some models. The precise configuration was also model-dependent. It would not be easy to provide such facilities on LSI processors such as the Intel x86 and Pentium lines, owing to cooling considerations.
As multiprocessing became more commonplace, such techniques would have limited practicality, since many independent processes would be stopped simultaneously. This led to the development of proprietary software from several independent vendors that provided similar features but deliberately restricted breakpoints and instruction stepping to particular application programs in particular address spaces and threads. The program state (as applicable to the chosen application/thread) was saved for examination at each step and restored before resumption, giving the impression of a single user environment. This is normally sufficient for diagnosing problems at the application layer.
Instead of using a physical stop button to suspend execution - to then begin stepping through the application program, a breakpoint or "Pause" request must usually be set beforehand, usually at a particular statement/instruction in the program (chosen beforehand or alternatively, by default, at the first instruction).
To provide for full screen "animation" of a program, a suitable I/O device such as a video monitor is normally required that can display a reasonable section of the code (e.g. in dis-assembled machine code or source code format) and provide a pointer (e.g. <==) to the current instruction or line of source code. For this reason, the widespread use of these full screen animators in the mainframe world had to await the arrival of transaction processing systems - such as CICS in the early 1970s and were initially limited to debugging application programs operating within that environment. Later versions of the same products provided cross region monitoring/debugging of batch programs and other operating systems and platforms. 
With the much later introduction of Personal computers from around 1980 onwards, integrated debuggers were able to be incorporated more widely into this single user domain and provided similar animation by splitting the user screen and adding a debugging "console" to provide programmer interaction.
Borland Turbo Debugger was a stand-alone product introduced in 1989 that provided full-screen program animation for PC's. Later versions added support for combining the animation with actual source lines extracted at compilation time.
Techniques for program animation.
There are at least three distinct software techniques for creating 'animation' during a programs execution. 
Comparison of methods.
The advantage of the last method is that no changes are made to the compiled program to provide the diagnostic and there is almost unlimited scope for extensive diagnostics since the tool can augment the host system diagnostics with additional software tracing features. It is also possible to diagnose (and prevent) many program errors automatically using this technique, including storage violations and buffer overflows. Loop detection is also possible using automatic instruction trace together with instruction count thresholds (e.g. pause after 10,000 instructions; display last n instructions)
The second method only alters the instruction that will halt before it is executed and may also then restore it before optional resumption by the programmer.
Some animators optionally allow the use of more than one method depending on requirements. For example, using method 2 to execute to a particular point at full speed and then using instruction set simulation thereafter.
Additional features.
The animator may, or may not, combine other test/debugging features within it such as program trace, dump, conditional breakpoint and memory alteration, program flow alteration, code coverage analysis, "hot spot" detection or similar.

</doc>
<doc id="19086414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086414" title="Coal mining in the United States">
Coal mining in the United States

Coal mining in the United States is a major industry, and reached an all-time high of 1.06 Gt (1.17 billion short tons) in 2008, being mined in 25 states. The U.S. was a net exporter of coal in 2008, with the surplus of exports over imports equalling 4% of the total mined. In 2010, coal exports increased to 7.5% of coal produced in the U.S. As of 2013, while domestic coal consumption for power production was being displaced by natural gas, production for export to Asia from strip mines utilizing thick deposits in the western United States in locations such as the Powder River Basin in northern Wyoming and Southern Montana was increasing.
Statistics.
Coal mining has been roughly equal in volume (Mt) between 2005-2011 in the US. Coal available for own use as Mt was 91% in 2011 compred to 2005, which may reflect less coal dependancy in the energy supply. One should also notice that the specific net calorific value for coal in the US was 0.541 toe/tonne in 2011 and 0.632 toe/tonne in 2004/2005. This means that less energy rich mines are used than earlier. 2011/2005-ratio is 86%.
Coal mining areas.
Twenty-six states produce coal. The major coal-producing states are (in descending order as of 2000, with annual production in thousands of short tons): 
Total United States: 1,437,174
Coal export terminals.
As of 2013, five coal export terminals were in the planning stages in the Pacific Northwest. They were scheduled to be supplied by strip mines in the Powder River Basin. The export market is China and other Asian nations. Like the Keystone Pipeline the building of the terminals raise environmental concerns with respect to global warming.
Coal usage.
More than 90 percent of the annually-mined coal in the United States is used by the US electrical power industry. Since 2000, the growth of coal-fired power generation has slowed considerably from what it was in the late 1990s.
As of 2012 coal accounted for 37% of electricity production in the United States, down from 50% in 2005. In 2006, there were 1,493 coal-powered generating units at electrical utilities across the US, with total nominal capacity of 335.8 GW 
(compared to 1024 units at nominal capacity of 278 GW in 2000).
Actual power generated from coal in 2006 was 227.1 GW (1.991 trillion kilowatt-hours per year), the highest in the world and still slightly ahead of China (1.95 trillion kilowatt-hours per year) at that time. In 2000, US production of electricity from coal was 224.3 GW (1.966 trillion kilowatt-hours per year). In 2006, the US consumed or 92.3% of coal mined for electricity generation.
Energy value of coal.
Although the mined coal in terms of tonnage hit a peak in 2008, the energy value of mined US coal hit its all-time peak a decade earlier, in 1998, at 26.2 quadrillion BTU. The energy value of US coal mined in 2011 was 24.0 quadrillion BTU, 9 percent lower than the peak.
According to International Energy Agency (IEA) statistics, the average energy value of a ton of coal mined in the United States in 2010 was only 85% of the average mined in 2009. According to the IEA, net calorific values of coal in the US were:
Opposition.
Concern about global warming in the US - especially in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina and Al Gore's receipt of the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize for his promotion of belief in climate change - temporarily increased public opposition to new coal-fired power plants. Simultaneously with these events, the anti-coal movement in the US - similar to that in the UK and Australia - had made coal-fired power projects more politically costly, and spurred further shifts in public opinion against coal-fired power.
In a 2004 effort to foster positive public opinion of coal, many large coal mining companies, electric utilities, and railroads in the U.S. launched a high-profile marketing campaign to convince the American public that coal-fired power can be environmentally sustainable. However, some environmentalists condemned this campaign as a "greenwashing" attempt to use environmentalist rhetoric to disguise what they call "the inherently environmentally unsustainable nature of coal-fired power generation".

</doc>
<doc id="19086419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086419" title="Ijiri Station">
Ijiri Station


</doc>
<doc id="19086436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086436" title="Science.ie">
Science.ie

The Science.ie portal provides all sorts of information about careers in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM). 
Overview.
Science.ie is an initiative of the Irish Government’s Discover Science & Engineering (DSE) awareness programme in Ireland. DSE is managed by Forfás on behalf of the Office of Science and Technology at the Department of Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation.
The careers-related information on Science.ie has been moved to a new DSE website - My Science Career - which was launched in early October 2009. On MyScienceCareer.ie is:
A redeveloped Science.ie was also launched in October 2009. The site has been redesigned and includes social media bookmarking and RSS feeds.
Science.ie provides more general information on science in Ireland. This includes listings of science links, news and events. Its "Resources" section gives information on activities and visitor centres where you can learn about science.
The site also provides a free newsletter relating to Irish science, technology and innovation news, events, research and facts which is issued monthly by email. 
In November 2009 Science.ie launched a Twitter channel. Follow Science.ie on Twitter.
DSE runs numerous other initiatives, including My Science Career, Project Blogger, Science Week Ireland and Discover Primary Science.

</doc>
<doc id="19086447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086447" title="Greg Mills">
Greg Mills

Gregory John Barrington "Greg" Mills (born 9 May 1962) heads the Brenthurst Foundation, based in Johannesburg, South Africa. The Foundation was established in 2005 by the Oppenheimer family to strengthen African economic performance. 
From 1996-2005 he served as the National Director of the South African Institute of International Affairs. He has lectured at universities and institutions in Africa and abroad, is on the visiting staff of the NATO Higher Defence College in Rome, and is a Fellow of the London-based Royal Society of Arts. 
He has published numerous articles and books including:
He is also widely published in newspapers and magazines including the International Herald Tribune, New York Times, Time, Sydney Morning Herald, Financial Times, Singapore Straits Times, Die Welt and Politiken.
He is a Research Associate of the Centre for Defence and International Security Studies (CDISS), a Member of Council and Associate Fellow of the Royal United Services Institute for Defence and Security Studies (RUSI), and a Member of the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS). He serves on a number of international editorial boards. 
During 2006, based in Kabul, he served as the special adviser to the Commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan, General Sir David Richards, and as the head of the strategic analysis "Prism Group" of the ninth International Security Assistance Force (ISAF IX). During 2008 he was on secondment to the Government of Rwanda as Strategic Adviser to the President. In April 2008 he was appointed as a Commissioner on the Danish Prime Minister’s 'Africa Commission'.
Mills holds a BA Honours from the University of Cape Town, and an MA and a PhD from the University of Lancaster. He is married to the artist Janet Margaret Wilson. They have three children, Amelia, Beatrix, and William. Mills's parents are Denis Arthur Barrington Mills and Nanette Mary How Elliott. He is the grandson of pre-war South African Grand Prix driver William Arthur Frank "Billy" Mills. His other interests include restoring and racing historic racing cars, and he has co-authored five acclaimed books on southern African motorsport: 

</doc>
<doc id="19086449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086449" title="Scoparia subfusca">
Scoparia subfusca

Scoparia subfusca is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 20–27 mm. The moth flies from May to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Picris hieracioides" and coltsfoot.

</doc>
<doc id="19086466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086466" title="Scoparia basistrigalis">
Scoparia basistrigalis

Scoparia basistrigalis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 20–23 mm. The moth flies in July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various mosses, such as Mnium hornum.

</doc>
<doc id="19086482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086482" title="1970–71 FA Cup">
1970–71 FA Cup

The 1970–71 FA Cup was the 90th season of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. First Division champions Arsenal won the competition for the fourth time, beating Liverpool 2–1 in the final at Wembley. In doing so, Arsenal were the fourth team to complete a double of League and Cup victories, following Preston North End, Aston Villa and Tottenham Hotspur.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Results.
First Round Proper.
At this stage clubs from the Football League Third and Fourth Divisions joined those non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 21 November 1970, with the exception of the Great Harwood–Rotherham United match, which was played the following Tuesday. Nine matches were drawn, of which one went to a second replay.
Second Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 12 December 1970. Six matches were drawn, with replays taking place later the same week or the week after. The Lincoln City–Bradford City match required a second replay, which was played on the 21 December.
Third Round Proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage. The matches were scheduled Saturday, 2 January 1971, but ten were played at later dates. Seven matches were drawn and went to replays. 
Fourth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 23 January 1971. Seven matches were drawn, of which one required a second replay.
Fifth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 13 February 1971 with one fixture and two replays played three or four days later.
Sixth Round Proper.
The four quarter-final ties were played on the 6 March 1971. There were two replays in the midweek fixtures of the following week.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 27 March 1971 with the Arsenal–Stoke match needing a replay. Liverpool and Arsenal came through the Semi final round to meet at Wembley.
Final.
The 1971 FA Cup Final was contested by Arsenal and Liverpool at Wembley on the 8 May 1971. Arsenal won 2–1 after extra time, with all three goals coming in the added half hour.Steve Heighway scored for Liverpool first, before Arsenal equalised with a scrambled goal from substitute Eddie Kelly - the first time a substitute had ever scored in an FA Cup final. Charlie George scored a dramatic winner late in extra time.

</doc>
<doc id="19086484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086484" title="Yitzhak Peretz (politician born 1938)">
Yitzhak Peretz (politician born 1938)

Rabbi Yitzhak Haim Peretz (, born 26 March 1938) is a former Israeli politician who held several ministerial portfolios during the 1980s and early 1990s.
Biography.
Born in Casablanca in Morocco, Peretz made aliyah to Israel in 1950. He studied in yeshivas in Pardes Hana and Jerusalem and a kollel in Petah Tikva, before being ordained as a rabbi. He served as chief rabbi of Ra'anana from 1962 until 1984.
In 1984 Peretz became the leader of the new Sephardic Haredi Shas party, and in the elections that year he won a seat in the Knesset. The party joined the national unity government, and Peretz was appointed Minister without Portfolio. On 24 December 1984 he became Minister of Internal Affairs, but resigned in January 1987 in protest at the Supreme Court ordering him to recognise a woman who underwent a Reform Judaism conversion as Jewish, stating that "The High Court of Justice demanded that I list a non-Jew as a Jew". On 25 May he rejoined the government as a Minister without Portfolio.
Following the 1988 elections he was appointed Minister of Immigrant Absorption. On 25 December 1990 he left Shas and founded a new faction, Moria, though he remained a member of the cabinet.
Prior to the 1992 elections he joined United Torah Judaism. However, three days after retaining his seat, he resigned from the Knesset.

</doc>
<doc id="19086488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086488" title="Scoparia ambigualis">
Scoparia ambigualis

Scoparia ambigualis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 15–22 mm. The moth flies from May to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Valerian and probably also on various mosses.

</doc>
<doc id="19086499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086499" title="A. Wallace Denny">
A. Wallace Denny

A. Wallace "Wally" Denny (December 19, 1906 – June 17, 2008) served as Deputy Chief Scout of the Boy Scouts of Canada.
In 1977, Denny was awarded the "Bronze Wolf", the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting, at the 26th World Scout Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="19086502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086502" title="Broughan">
Broughan

The Broughan family has a long history including earls, knights and paupers. The first referenced history of the Broughan family occurs during the Norman invasion of England, wherein a family of engineers called Broughan were shipped to England during the conquest to assist in defense destruction. The name itself most likely derives from the old English or French word "Brun," originally a nickname for a person who had brown eyes, hair or even dressed habitually in brown. It is also possible that the name is from the Germanic "Brunwine" or "Brungar."
First known to be seated in Cumberland, the Broughan family (of nobility) held the earldom in this land, granted by Duke William of Normandy for assistance in the Battle of Hastings.
The Broughan family today is scattered throughout the world, with known members in England, Australia, Ireland, America and France. Members of note include Tommy Broughan (b. August 1947, Irish politician) and Richard Broughan (b. September 1982, jouster/historian).

</doc>
<doc id="19086509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086509" title="John Butler (Irish politician)">
John Butler (Irish politician)

John Butler (1891 – 16 February 1968) was an Irish politician, farmer and trade union official. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1922 general election for the Waterford–Tipperary East constituency as a Labour Party member. He was re-elected for the Waterford constituency at the 1923 general election. He lost his seat at the June 1927 general election. He stood for the Dáil again at several subsequent general elections but was not elected.
He was elected to the 2nd Seanad on the Labour Panel in 1938. He served in the Seanad until losing his seat at the 1957 Seanad election. He was re-elected on the Labour Panel at the 1961 Seanad election, and he did not contest the 1965 election.
His son Pierce Butler also served as a Senator from 1969 to 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19086514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086514" title="Diasemia reticularis">
Diasemia reticularis

Diasemia reticularis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is typically found in the tropics, but may range into Europe as far north as the North Sea region because of its migratory nature.
The wingspan is 18–22 mm. The adults can be encountered all over the year if considering the species' entire range, but in subtropical and temperate regions they are rare outside the warm months.
The larvae feed mainly on Cichorieae, such as "Cichorium" (chicories), "Hieracium" (hawkweeds) and "Picris" (oxtongues), but also on "Plantago" (plantain herbs). More unusually, they have been recorded to feed on plant refuse and dry leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="19086545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086545" title="Dolicharthria punctalis">
Dolicharthria punctalis

The Long-legged China-mark ("Dolicharthria punctalis") is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is the type species of the proposed genus "Stenia", which is usually included in "Dolicharthria" but may be distinct.
It is found mainly in Central and Southern Europe, but has been spotted further north. The wingspan is 20–25 mm. The moth flies from May to September depending on the location.
The caterpillars feed on "Centaurea" (knapweeds), "Plantago" (plantain herb), "Trifolium" (clovers), "Artemisia vulgaris" (Common Wormwood) and even the marine eelgrass "Zostera marina". Yet other unusual recorded foods are dry leaves, plant waste, and old roots.

</doc>
<doc id="19086546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086546" title="Summertime (Brian Melo song)">
Summertime (Brian Melo song)

"Summertime" is a song written by Greg Johnston and Andy Stochansky, and recorded by Brian Melo for his first album "Livin' It" (2007). It was released as the album's third single in Canada in 2008.
Background.
This is Brian's third single from his debut album. However, the song failed to chart on the Canadian Hot 100. The fourth single from the album, "Back to Me," also failed to chart.
Shannon Noll cover.
Australian singer Shannon Noll covered the song in 2008 and released it as the first single from his first compilation album "" (2008). It was released as a digital download on August 23, 2008, and as a CD single on September 13, 2008, in Australia.
On September 14, 2008, the track debuted at number eighteen on the ARIA Australian Artist Chart based on downloads alone. The following week, the single debuted at number fifty-four on the Australian Singles Chart.
Music video.
An open call for extras for the video was published on the Sony/BMG Music (Australia) website and via Noll's official mailing list. Originally scheduled to shoot on August 28 (for a September 6 premiere), filming was postponed a week, taking place on September 5, 2008.
The video was scheduled to premiere on "rage's" Saturday morning line-up on September 13, 2008, the day of the CD Single's release, but was postponed due to being incomplete. It finally saw its premiere on September 25, 2008 via Sony BMG's official online musicbox.[http://musicbox.sonybmg.com.au/?bcpid=18089611&bclid=70421132&bctid=1815799965]
The video has received many negative reviews, most aimed at director Anthony Rose, who is criticised for producing the same type of video that incorporates overuse of extras representing fans. The Sydney Morning Herald also stated their dislike when they printed a review on September 26, 2008 that stated: ""Why Sony continues to hire Rose to direct is beyond us. His consistent use of the tacky looking fan backdrop is almost laughable while simultaneously looking forced, bordering on 'try-hard'. How many more of these unbearable videos can Noll have under his belt before someone in management or PR realises he's looking like a pretentious punce with no credibility. Noll is both capable and worthy of much more." The video for "Summertime" was Noll's last video to be directed by Rose.

</doc>
<doc id="19086567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086567" title="Donacaula forficella">
Donacaula forficella

Donacaula forficella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 25–30 mm. The moth flies from May to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Carex", "Glyceria maxima" and "Phragmites".

</doc>
<doc id="19086579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086579" title="Karolinska Scales of Personality">
Karolinska Scales of Personality

Karolinska Scales of Personality (KSP) is a personality test. 
A newer version of the test is Swedish Universities Scales of Personality.
KSP measures the personality with a 135 item questionnaire with answers on a four point Likert scale.
The answers are grouped into 15 scales:
KSP also exists in a Spanish version.

</doc>
<doc id="19086590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086590" title="Donacaula mucronella">
Donacaula mucronella

Donacaula mucronella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 22–26 mm for the male and 29–35 mm for females. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Carex", "Carex riparia", "Glyceria maxima" and "Phragmites".

</doc>
<doc id="19086594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086594" title="Debate about Cambrian lophotrochozoans">
Debate about Cambrian lophotrochozoans

Since 1990 there has been intense debate among paleontologists about the evolution in the Early Cambrian period of the "super-phylum" Lophotrochozoa, which is thought to include the modern molluscs, annelid worms and brachiopods, as well as their evolutionary "aunts" and "cousins".
Organisms featured in the debate.
The name "halwaxiid" was formed by combining the names of two members of the proposed group, "Halkieria" and "Wiwaxia". The group was defined as a set of Early to Mid Cambrian animals that had: a "chain mail" coat of three concentric bands of small armor plates that are called sclerites; in some cases, a small cap-like shell at the front end and in some cases both ends. Some scientists are unhappy with this loose definition, arguing that such traits may have arisen convergently rather being inherited from a common ancestor. This objection suggests that the group is not monophyletic, in other words that the group does not contain all and only the descendants of a single common ancestor. In fact the originators of the term "halwaxiid" prefer an evolutionary "family tree" in which the halwaxiids are not monophyletic.
Other fossil organisms became involved in the debate as there were plausible arguments for considering them closely related to the halkieriids or "Wiwaxia" or both. One was the more recently discovered "Orthrozanclus", which looked an intermediate between the halkieriids and "Wiwaxia" as it had a shell like that of halkieriids, and unmineralized sclerites and long spines like those of "Wiwaxia" – in fact the article which first described "Orthrozanclus" introduced the term "halwaxiid". New finds of "Odontogriphus" put this animal into play as well since, despite its lack of sclerites or shells, its feeding apparatus looks very like "Wiwaxia"’s. The siphogonotuchids, a very Early Cambrian group known only from isolated sclerites among the small shelly fossils, also appear in analyses as their sclerites suggest this group may have been close to the ancestors of halkieriids.
Suggested phylogenies.
Since 1995 several phylogenies, or evolutionary "family trees", have been suggested for these organisms. The position of "Wiwaxia" is highlighted, since the position of this organism has been central to the debate since 1990.
Wiwaxia.
The most intense part of the debate centers round "Wiwaxia". Conway Morris (1985) originally dismissed the earliest classification of "Wiwaxia" as a polychaete worm, because he thought there was little structural similarity between a polychaete's scale-like elytra and "Wiwaxia"’s sclerites, and because the arrangement of the sclerites, with quite different numbers in each band, showed no sign of the regular segmentation that is a feature of polychaetes. Instead he thought "Wiwaxia" was very similar to shell-less aplacophoran molluscs, that it must have moved on a mollusc-like muscular foot, and that its feeding apparatus looked like a primitive form of the molluscan radula, a tooth-bearing chitinous "tongue". Hence he classified it as a "sister" of the molluscs. When he briefly described the first articulated specimens of "Halkieria" in 1990, Conway Morris wrote of "the halkieriid-wiwaxiid body plan" and that the halkieriids might be close relatives of molluscs.
Shortly after this in 1990 Butterfield published his first paper on "Wiwaxia". He argued that, since "Wiwaxia"’s sclerites appeared to be solid, they were not similar to the hollow sclerites of halkieriids. In fact he thought they were more similar to the chitinous bristles (setae) that project from the bodies of modern annelids and in some genera form leaf-like scales that cover the back like roof tiles - in composition, in detailed structure, in how they were attached to the body via follicle-like pockets in the skin, and in overall appearance. He also contended that Wiwaxia’s feeding apparatus, instead of being mounted in the middle of its "head", was just as likely to be mounted in two parts on the sides of the "head", an arrangement that is common in polychaetes. He therefore classified "Wiwaxia" as a polychaete.
Conway Morris and Peel (1995) largely accepted Butterfield's arguments and treated "Wiwaxia" as an ancestor or "aunt" of the polychaetes. However they maintained that Wiwaxia’s feeding apparatus was much more like a molluscan radula. They also argued that Wiwaxia was fairly closely related to and in fact descended from the halkieriids, as the sclerites are divided into similar groups, although those of halkieriids were much smaller, more numerous and hollow. They wrote that in 1994 Butterfield had found "Wiwaxia" sclerites that were clearly hollow. The cladogram they presented showed the halkieriids split into three groups: one as "aunts" of brachiopods, animals whose modern forms have bivalve shells but differ from molluscs in having muscular stalks and a distinctive feeding apparatus, the lophophore; the second group of halkieriids as "aunts" of both "Wiwaxia" and annelid worms; and the earliest halkieriids as "great aunts" of all of these.
Marine biologist Amélie H. Scheltema "et al." (2003) argued that "Wiwaxia"’s feeding apparatus is very similar to the radulas of some modern shell-less aplacophoran molluscs, and that the sclerites of the two groups are very similar. They concluded that "Wiwaxia" was a member of a clade that includes molluscs.
Danish zoologist Danny Eibye-Jacobsen (2004) regarded bristles as a feature shared by molluscs, annelids and brachiopods. Hence even if "Wiwaxia"’s sclerites closely resembled bristles, which he doubted, this would not prove that "Wiwaxia"’s closest relative were annelids. He also pointed out that the very different numbers of sclerites in the various zones of "Wiwaxia"’s body do not correspond to any reasonable pattern of segmentation. Since in his opinion "Wiwaxia" lacked other clearly polychaete features, he regarded this as an argument against classifying "Wiwaxia" as a polychaete. In his opinion there were no strong grounds for classifying "Wiwaxia" as a proto-annelid or a proto-mollusc.
Caron, Scheltema "et al." (2006), in a paper about newly discovered and good specimens of "Odontogriphus", thought "Wiwaxia" bore little resemblance to polychaetes as it showed no signs of the segmentation, appendages in front of the mouth, or "legs" – all of which are typical polychaete features. On the other hand they thought the teeth on the feeding apparatus of both "Wiwaxia" and "Odontogriphus" strongly resembled those of a modern group of molluscs, Neomeniomorpha. Hence they classified "Wiwaxia" as an "aunt" and "Odontogriphus" as a "great aunt" of molluscs.
Butterfield returned to the debate in 2006, repeating the arguments he presented in 1990 for regarding "Wiwaxia" as an early polychaete and adding that, while bristles are a feature of several groups, they appear as a covering over the back only in polychaetes. He also questioned whether the two or three rows of teeth in "Wiwaxia" and "Odontogriphus" could function in the same way as the belt-like molluscan radula with its many tooth-rows; on the other hand one group of polychaetes uses a single two-part "jaw" to scrape food off a substrate. While he agreed that "Wiwaxia" and "Odontogriphus" were very similar, he wrote, "… it certainly does not require that they be shoehorned into the same lineage. … the seemingly trivial distinction between these two taxa is exactly what is expected at the divergence points leading from a last common ancestor to extant phyla."
Butterfield (2006) accepted that "Wiwaxia" and "Odontogriphus" were closely related, but argued that they were stem-group polychaetes rather than stem-group molluscs. In his opinion the feeding apparatus of these organisms, with consisted of two or at most four rows of teeth, could not perform the functions of the "belt-like" molluscan radula with their numerous tooth-rows; the different tooth-rows in both "Wiwaxia" and "Odontogriphus" tooth-rows also have noticeably different shapes, while those of molluscan radulae are produced one after the other by the same group of "factory" cells and therefore are almost identical. He also regarded lines running across the middle region of "Odontogriphus" fossils as evidence of external segmentation, since the lines are evenly spaced and run exactly at right angles to the long axis of the body. As in his earlier papers, Butterfield emphasized the similarities of internal structure between "Wiwaxia"’s sclerites and the bristles of polychaetes, and the fact that polychaetes are the only modern organisms in which some of the bristles form a covering over the back.
In 2007 Conway Morris and Caron described a new fossil, "Orthrozanclus", which had a mineralized shell like that of halkieriids, and unmineralized sclerites and long spines like those of "Wiwaxia" – and, like both of these, a soft underside which they interpreted as a muscular foot, and a similar arrangement of the sclerites into three concentric bands. Some of "Orthrozanclus"’s sclerites appear to have been hollow, as the specimen includes what look like internal castings. They took this find as evidence that the halkieriids, "Wiwaxia" and "Orthrozanclus" were very closely related and formed the group "halwaxiids". However the simplest "family tree" faces an obstacle: the siphogonuchitids appear in earlier rocks and had "mineralized" sclerites. Hence Conway Morris and Caron found it necessary to consider two more complex family trees, concluding that "Hypothesis 1" fitted the available data better, but fell apart if there were minor changes in the characteristics used:
Conway Morris and Caron (2007) published the first description of "Orthrozanclus reburrus". This resembled the halkieriids in having concentric bands of sclerites, although only two and not mineralized; and "one" shell at what was presumed to be the front and which was similar in shape to "Halkieria"’s front shell. It also had long spines rather like those of "Wiwaxia". Conway Morris and Caron regarded this creature as evidence that the "halwaxiids" were a valid taxon and were monophyletic, in other words shared a common ancestor with each other and with no other organism. They published "two" cladograms, representing alternative hypotheses about the evolution of the lophotrochozoa, the lineage that includes molluscs, annelids and brachiopods:
Halkieriids and siphogonotuchids.
Most of the debate has been about halkieriids' relationship to molluscs, annelids and brachiopods. However a paper published in 2008 argued that halkieriids were closely related to chancelloriids, which have been generally regarded as sponges.
Relationship to Molluscs, Annelids and Brachiopods.
Halkieriid sclerites were known for a long time as elements of the small shelly fossils. The first articulated specimens, with all their hard parts together, were collected in 1989 and were described briefly in 1990 by Conway Morris and Peel (1990). The same authors produced a more detailed analysis in 1995, which divided the halkieriids into three groups: one as "aunts" of brachiopods, animals whose modern forms have bivalve shells but differ from molluscs in having muscular stalks and a distinctive feeding apparatus, the lophophore; the second group of halkieriids as "aunts" of both "Wiwaxia" and annelid worms; and the earliest halkieriids as "great aunts" of all of these.
In 2003 Cohen, Holmer and Luter supported the halkieriid-brachiopod relationship, suggesting that brachiopods may have arisen from a halkieriid lineage that developed a shorter body and larger shells, and then folded itself and finally grew a stalk out of what used to be the back.
Vinther and Nielsen (2005) proposed instead that "Halkieria" was a crown group mollusc, in other words more similar to modern molluscs that to annelids, brachiopods or any intermediate groups. They argued that: "Halkieria"’s sclerites resembled those of the modern solenogaster aplacophoran shell-less molluscs, of some modern polyplacophoran molluscs, which have several shell plates, and of the Ordovician polyplacophoran "Echinochiton"; "Halkieria"’s shells are more similar to the shells of conchiferan molluscs, since shells of both of these groups show no trace of the canals and pores seen in polyplacophoran shell plates; the bristles of brachiopods and annelids are similar to each other but not to "Halkieria"’s sclerites.
However Conway Morris (2006) criticized Vinther and Nielsen's classification of "Halkieria" as a crown group mollusc, on the grounds that the growth of the spicules in the aplacophorans and polyplacophorans is not similar to the method of growth deduced for the complex halkieriid sclerites; in particular, he said, the hollow spines of various molluscs are not at all like the halkieriid sclerites with their complex internal channels. Conway Morris repeated his earlier conclusion that halkieriids were close to the ancestors of both molluscs and brachiopods.
In their description of the newly discovered "Orthrozanclus" (2007), which has similarities to both "Wiwaxia" and the halkieriids, Conway Morris and Caron also took account of the siphogonuchitids, a group known only from isolated mineralized sclerites that resemble those of the halkieriids. They proposed the two "family trees" described above:
Relationship to chancelloriids.
Porter (2008) revived an early 1980s idea that the sclerites of "Halkieria" are extremely similar to those of chancelloriids. These were sessile, bag-like, radially symmetric organisms with an opening at the top. 
Since their fossils show no signs of a gut or other organs, chancelloriids were originally classified as some kind of sponge. Butterfield and Nicholas (1996) argued that they were closely related to sponges on the grounds that the detailed structure of chancellorid sclerites is similar to that of fibers of spongin, a collagen protein, in modern keratose (horny) demosponges. However Janussen, Steiner and Zhu (2002) opposed this view on several grounds, including that: the silica-based spines of demosponges are solid, while chancellorid sclerites are hollow, probably made of aragonite, and filled with soft tissues connected to the rest of the animal at the bases of the sclerites; sponges have loosely bound-together skins called pinacoderms, which are only one cell thick, while the skins of chancellorids were much thicker and show signs of connective structures called belt desmosomes. In their opinion the presence of belt desmosomes made chancellorids members of the Epitheliazoa, the next higher taxon above the Porifera, to which sponges belong. They thought it was difficult to say whether chancellorids were members of the Eumetazoa, "true animals" whose tissues are organized into Germ layers: chancellorids' lack of internal organs would seem to exclude them from the Eumetazoa; but possibly chancellorids were descended from Eumetazoans that lost these features after becoming sessile filter-feeders.
The sclerites of halkieriids and chancelloriids resemble each other at all levels: both have an internal "pulp cavity" and a thin external organic layer; the walls are made of the same material, aragonite; the arrangement of the aragonite fibers in each is the same, running mainly from base to tip but with each being closer to the surface at the end nearest the tip. It is extremely improbable that totally unrelated organisms could have developed such similar sclerites independently, but the huge difference in the structures of their bodies makes it hard to see how they could be closely related. This dilemma may be resolved in various ways:

</doc>
<doc id="19086611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086611" title="Duponchelia fovealis">
Duponchelia fovealis

Duponchelia fovealis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is endemic to the area surrounding the Mediterranean Sea, and the Canary Islands, but has extended its range to other parts of Africa, the Middle East, Europe, and Canada.
The first record of "Duponchelia fovealis" in North America was in California where live larvae were detected in a shipment of begonias at a Home Depot in Concord, Contra Costa from San Marcos, San Diego (CDFA, NAPIS, 2005). In the spring of 2005, this species was discovered in three greenhouses in southern Ontario, Canada. In July, 2010, four male moths were collected in a pheromone trap in San Diego County, California. It is not known at this time if there is an established population.
On 1 November 2010, the USDA-AHIS announced this moth was present in at least 13 U.S. states.
Adult wingspan is about 20 mm. The moth flies from May to June, depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various plants. Hosts include a wide range of mostly herbaceous ornamental plants and field crops, such as "Anemone", "Anthurium", "Begonia", "Cyclamen", "Euphorbia", "Gerbera", "Kalanchoe", "Limonium", "Rosa", certain aquatic plants, corn, cucumbers, peppers, pomegranate, tomatoes, and certain herbs.

</doc>
<doc id="19086622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086622" title="Kabalgram">
Kabalgram

Kabalgram or Kabal Gram () is a village with the largest population in Martung Tehsil of Shangla District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province Pakistan. It is situated on the extreme right bank of River Indus and is south-east to Kuzkalai, the central village of Martung. River Indus is the boundary of Shangla with Tor-Ghar District of Hazara division.
Kabalgram is relatively at lower altitude (around 510 metres above mean sea level) compared to the rest of Martung and it remains quite hot in summer at Kabalgram. Being very near to Martung, Kabalgram is very similar to Martung in almost all aspects. The community of Kabalgram is however more similar to that of Tor-Ghar and hence have their peculiar traditions. Most of them belong to Akhunkhel and Nasratkhel who are the sub-sects of Yousafzai tribe of Pathans.
River Indus is the life line of Kabalgram, though there does not exist any proper irrigation system. Some small canals have been built by the local formers to their fields wherever possible. Most of the people use river water directly for drinking and household using or use the underground water. The water table in Kabalgram is within a few meters because of River Indus.
Kabalgram did not have any road link with any part of the tehsil or elsewhere till 2002. A jeep track was built by the local people on their own expenses from Kabalgram to the central Martung, from where they can have access to Mingora or Buner. Kabalgram people have been using River Indus as means of communication (traveling and cargo) in summer with the nearby town Darband of Mansehra district since Tarbela Dam was built.
Kabalgram is split mainly in two towns namely Bar-Kabalgram (or simply Kabalgram) and Kuzkabalgram. Kuzkabalgram is at about 2 kilometers in south-east from Barkabalgram and is famous for the shrine of Akhunbaba (Akunbaba Ziarat), the religious scholar and reformer of eighteenth century. 
All of the people of Kabalgram are Sunni Muslims, and are comparatively more hardliners. Maulana Waliullah of Kabalgram has been the active member of the Sufi Muhammad group of Taliban and has led many movements for them. In April and May 2009, his relationships with the well-known terrorist of Swat, Maulana Fazlullah and his group were noticed and some were even reported in media. After being fully exposed, Waliullah probably felt threat to his life from the army and the anti Taliban people in the area. He thus surrendered himself to the security forces when they arrived in Martung.[http://www.nation.com.pk/pakistan-news-newspaper-daily-english-online/Politics/10-Jun-2009/TNSM-leader-surrenders] It is believed that Maulana Waliullah, before surrendering to the security forces, had been providing shelter and a way of escape to those Taliban who succeeded to reach Kbalgram from Buner via Martung. Pakistan army released him in July 2010 but re-arrested him after a few days. He remained in the custody of the army till his death on December 7, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19086627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086627" title="How Does It Work">
How Does It Work

How Does It Work? is the debut album by Finnish rock band Killer Aspect, released on April 30, 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="19086630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086630" title="Sid Bevan">
Sid Bevan

Thomas Sydney "Sid" Bevan (2 May 1877 – 17 October 1933) was a Welsh rugby union player who represented Wales and the British Lions. Bevan played club rugby for Swansea, joining the club in 1897.
Rugby career.
Bevan came to note as a rugby player while representing local team Morriston RFC. In 1897 he switched to first class side, Swansea, and while playing for Swansea he was selected to play for Wales. His first and only cap was on 2 March 1904 at Balmoral Showgrounds in Belfast against Ireland. In the same year Bevan was selected to represent Bedell Sivright's British Lions on their tour of Australia and New Zealand. He played in four of the tests.
During World War I, Bevan was a second lieutenant in the 6th battalion of the Welch Regiment.
International matches played.
"Wales"
"British Lions"

</doc>
<doc id="19086638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086638" title="River Parrett Trail">
River Parrett Trail

The River Parrett Trail is a long-distance footpath, following the route of the River Parrett in Somerset, England. The trail, which is long, runs from Chedington in Dorset to the mouth of the river in Bridgwater Bay where it joins the West Somerset Coast Path.
It passes many landmarks and places of interest including; Burrow Hill Cider Farm, Muchelney Abbey, West Sedgemoor (a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), the Blake Museum, Westonzoyland Pumping Station Museum, the site of the Battle of Sedgemoor and finally discharging into Bridgwater Bay (another SSSI).
The trail is managed by The Parrett Trail Partnership, a consortium of agencies including:
Arts Council England, South West, British Waterways, Cannington Agricultural College, Country Land and Business Association, Natural England, Environment Agency, National Farmers Union, Royal Society for the Protection of Birds, Sedgemoor District Council, Somerset County Council, Somerset Wildlife Trust, South Somerset District Council, South West Tourism, Take Art!, Taunton Deane Borough Council and West Dorset District Council.
Route and points of interest.
The following table lists key points of interest along the river.

</doc>
<doc id="19086642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086642" title="Anania crocealis">
Anania crocealis

Anania crocealis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 22–25 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Pulicaria dysenterica, Inula conyzae and Inula salicina.

</doc>
<doc id="19086644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086644" title="Kourkène Medzadourian">
Kourkène Medzadourian

Kourkène (Georges) Medzadourian () was the founder of the Haï Ari association of Armenian Scouts-in-Exile, based in France.
Scouting in Armenia was founded in 1912, then later developed abroad among the refugees who had survived the genocide of 1915-1916 and among those that had fled the new communist occupation of their lands, at which point Scouting ceased to exist in Armenia.
"Haï Ari" (in French "Association des Scouts Armeniens", in English Association of Armenian Scouts) was a member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement from 1928 to 1997. The organization was recognized in exile, with headquarters in Paris and approximately 1,100 members in France.
In 1929, World Scouting recognised the association of Armenian Scouts "Haï Ari", based in France. While the Association did not have its own territorial base, it was the exception to the rule, remaining a member of the World Organization and the European Scout Region.
In 1978, Medzadourian was awarded the "Bronze Wolf", the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting.

</doc>
<doc id="19086645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086645" title="Nick Perry (writer)">
Nick Perry (writer)

Nick Perry is a British playwright and screenwriter. He is a graduate of the National Film and Television School. His first play Arrivederci Millwall was produced by The Combination at The Albany Empire, Deptford in 1985 and jointly won the Samuel Beckett Award. "Smallholdings" was first performed at the Kings Head Theatre in 1986, and "The Vinegar Fly" at the Soho Poly in 1988. "Near Cricket St Thomas, 1919" was directed by Alan Ayckbourn at the McCarthy Theatre, Scarborough in 1997. "An Illustrated Talk" was performed at the Newtown Theatre, Sydney, as part of the 2008 Short and Sweet festival. His radio play "The Loop" was broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in November 2009 and won a Sony Radio Academy bronze award. Andrew Scott was named Best Supporting Actor at the inaugural BBC Audio Drama awards in 2012 for his performance in Perry's radio play, "Referee".

</doc>
<doc id="19086657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086657" title="Ecpyrrhorrhoe rubiginalis">
Ecpyrrhorrhoe rubiginalis

Ecpyrrhorrhoe rubiginalis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Central and Southern Europe.
The wingspan is 16–22 mm.
The larvae feed on "Stachys officinalis", "Galeopsis tetrahit" and "Ballota nigra".

</doc>
<doc id="19086659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19086659" title="Copenhagen School (linguistics)">
Copenhagen School (linguistics)

The Copenhagen School, officially the "Linguistic Circle of Copenhagen ("Cercle Linguistique de Copenhague")", is a group of scholars dedicated to the study of linguistics. It was founded by Louis Hjelmslev (1899–1965) and Viggo Brøndal (1887–1942). In the mid twentieth century the Copenhagen school was one of the most important centres of linguistic structuralism together with the Geneva School and the Prague School. In the late 20th and early 21st century the Copenhagen school has turned from a purely structural approach to linguistics to a functionalist one, Danish functional grammar, which nonetheless incorporates many insights from the founders.
History.
The Copenhagen School of Linguistics evolved around Louis Hjelmslev and his developing theory of language, glossematics. Together with Viggo Brødal he founded the "Cercle Linguistique de Copenhague" a group of linguists based on the model of the Prague Linguistic Circle. Within the circle the ideas of Brøndal and Hjelmslev were not always compatible. Hjelmslev’s more formalist approach attracted a group of followers, principal among them Hans Jørgen Uldall and Eli Fischer Jørgensen, who would strive to apply his abstract ideas of the nature of language to analyses of actual linguistic data. Hjelmslev’s objective was to establish a framework for understanding communication as a formal system, and an important part of this was the development of precise terminology to describe the different parts of linguistic systems and their interrelatedness. The basic theoretical framework, called “Glossematics” was laid out in Hjelmslev’s two main works: "Prolegomena to a theory of Language" and "Résumé of a theory of Language." However, since Hjelmslev's death in 1965 left his theories mostly on the programmatic level, the group that had formed around Hjelmslev and his glossematic theory dispersed—while the Copenhagen Linguistic Circle continued to exist, it was not really a "school" united by a common theoretical perspectives. In 1989, a group of members of the Copenhagen Linguistic Circle, inspired by the advances in cognitive linguistics and the functionalist theories of Simon C. Dik founded the School of Danish Functional Grammar aiming to combine the ideas of Hjelmslev and Brøndal, and other important Danish linguists such as Paul Diderichsen and Otto Jespersen with modern functional linguistics. Among the prominent members of this new generation of the Copenhagen School of Linguistics were Peter Harder, Elisabeth Engberg-Petersen, Frans Gregersen and Michael Fortescue. The basic work of the school is "Dansk Funktionel Grammatik" (Danish Functional Grammar) by Harder (2006). Recent developments in the school include Ole Nedergaard Thomsen’s Functional Discourse Pragmatics. In the following the two stages of the Copenhagen School will be described as 1. The glossematic school and 2. The Danish Functional School.
The glossematic school.
Brøndal emphasised that formal properties of a system should be kept apart from its substance. Accordingly, Hjelmslev presented, as the key figure of Copenhagen School in the 1930s, a formal linguistic fundament, which was later known as glossematics (the double duality of the linguistic sign). He formulated his linguistic theory together with Hans Jørgen Uldall as an attempt to analyse the expression (phonetics and grammar) and the meaning of a language on a coherent basis. He assumed that language wasn't the only instrument of communication (cf. the communication of deaf-mutes), and he was interested in a general theory of the signs of communication, semiotics or semiology.
More than the other schools, the Glossematic School referred to the teachings of Saussure, even though it was in many aspects connected with older traditions. Thus, it tried once more to combine logics and grammar. At any rate, Hjelmslev has taken over the psychological interpretation of the linguistic sign and thereby extended his study of the sign further than language as such.
The principal ideas of the school are:
Even more than Saussure, the Copenhagen School is interested in the langue rather than parole. It represented in a pure form the idea that language is a form and not a substance. It studied the relational system within the language on a higher level of abstraction. Critics accuse the somewhat one-sided formalism of the school with words like "antihumanism" or "linguistics in an empty space".
Danish functional school.
The Danish school of functional linguistics was developed in an attempt to combine modern functional grammar and cognitive linguistics with the best ideas and concepts of the earlier structuralist school. Like Hjelmslev and Saussure, the school insist in the basic structural division of communication in planes of content and expression. Like Simon Dik and functionalist grammarians, Danish functionalists also insist that language is fundamentally a means of communication between humans and is best understood and analysed through its communicative function. When analysing linguistic utterances, the content and expression planes are analysed separately, with the expression plane being analysed through traditional structural methods and the content plane being analysed mostly through methods from semantics and pragmatics. However, it is assumed that structures on the expression plane mirror structures on the content plane. This can be seen in the parallelism between the structure of Danish sentences as described by the structural syntactic model of Paul Diderichsen dividing utterances into three basic fields a foundation field, a nexus field and a content field, and the pragmatic structure of utterances that often use the foundation field for discourse pragmatic functions, the nexus field for illocutionary functions and the content field for the linguistic message. Danish functionalists assume that an utterance is not to be analysed from the minimal units and up, but rather from the maximal units and down, because speakers begin the construction of utterances by choosing what to say in a given situation, then by choosing the words to use and finally by building the sentence by means of sounds. 
An example of a two planed analysis is given below in the analysis of the utterance "The book hasn't been read by anyone for a while". The Expression plane consists of "the book" which is a noun phrase with a determiner, a finite verb with a negational adverb "hasn't", and a passive verbal phrase "been read" with an agent "by anyone" and a time adverb "for a while". On the content plane "the book" has the function of topic of the utterance, that which the sentence is about and which links it to the larger discourse, the function of "hasn't" is to state the illocutionary force of the declarative utterance, and the predicate is the message "hasn't been read by anyone for a while" which is intended to be communicated. 

</doc>
