<doc id="18999470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999470" title="France–Iraq relations">
France–Iraq relations

France–Iraq relations refers to the international relations between France and Iraq. Before Iraq invaded Kuwait in 1991, France enjoyed friendly relations with former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein, however the relationship turned sour once Iraq entered Kuwaiti soil and soon France cut off ties with Iraq. Following thirteen years, France resumed relations with Iraq in 2003. Iraq has an embassy in Paris and France has an embassy and a representative office in Baghdad.
History.
Historically, France has long had a special relationship with Iraq, and has been Iraq's most friendly accomplice in the West. The special relationship began three decades ago, when General Charles de Gaulle cultivated Arab countries in the wake of the 1967 war in the Middle East. This policy was seen by Paris as a way of boosting trade ties with oil-rich nations and extending French influence in an area which had been dominated by the Anglo-Saxons.
In 1970 France was one of Iraq's main trading partners. Diplomatic and economic ties were given a crucial boost in 1974, when former French Prime Minister, and President, Jacques Chirac, called Saddam Hussein a personal friend. Following this statement, his government agreed to build an experimental nuclear reactor near Baghdad, which was later bombed by Israel. Arms sales continued, as well as French infrastructure projects in Iraq and by the late 1970s France was second only to the USSR as a supplier of both civilian and military equipment to Iraq.
The relationship continued under French Socialist governments in the 1980s. France, like many other Western countries, strongly backed Iraq in its war against Iran. Paris supplied Baghdad with sophisticated weaponry, including Mirage fighter bombers and Super Etendard aircraft equipped with Exocet missiles. When Iraq delayed payments for the equipment, Paris rescheduled the debt. 
The relationship between both countries began to diminish in 1991 when Iraq invaded Kuwait. France responded by trying to persuade Saddam Hussein to withdraw and just a few days before Operation Desert Storm began, French envoys were in Baghdad, trying to find a diplomatic solution to the crisis.
France remained more favourably-inclined towards Baghdad than other Western countries. Economically, relations with Iraq were a costly disaster, as they were left with $4 billion in unpaid bills.

</doc>
<doc id="18999472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999472" title="John Gibb Thom">
John Gibb Thom

Lieutenant-Colonel Sir John Gibb Thom DSO MC (1 August 1891 – 19 February 1941) was a British soldier, judge and politician from Linlithgow.
Thom served with the Gordon Highlanders, and was awarded the Military Cross in 1917, and later that year received the Distinguished Service Order for "conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty".
He was elected as a Member of Parliament for Dunbartonshire in 1926, losing the 1929 election but returning to office in 1931, where he stayed until resigning a year later.
In 1937 he was knighted as part of the New Years Honours, and was also made Chief Justice of the High Court of Judicature in Allahabad, a position he held until his death in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="18999477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999477" title="W. H. Romaine-Walker">
W. H. Romaine-Walker

William Henry Romaine-Walker (1854–1940) was an English architect and interior decorator.
Life.
Romaine-Walker was born into a family of art dealers. He was educated at Lancing College, and then articled to the architect George Edmund Street. He was elected an Associate of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1881, and in the same year began working in a partnership with Augustus William Tanner, which lasted until 1896.
Works.
These include:

</doc>
<doc id="18999482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999482" title="Alexandra Bridge (Trans-Canada)">
Alexandra Bridge (Trans-Canada)

The Alexandra Bridge is a steel arch-span bridge crossing the Fraser River on the north side of Spuzzum, British Columbia and 39 km from Hope, on the Trans-Canada Highway in the Fraser Canyon region of southern British Columbia, Canada. It was constructed between 1960 and 1964 and is the third structure in the area named the Alexandra Bridge.
Built as part of the modernization of the earlier highway by the British Columbia Ministry of Highways during the late 1950s and early 1960s, it replaced the Alexandra Suspension Bridge of 1926, just upstream, which was part of the reconstruction of the Cariboo Wagon Road which was renamed the Fraser Canyon Highway in 1924-25. This second Alexandra Bridge, which itself replaced the original Alexandra Suspension Bridge of 1863 (destroyed in 1894 and remains dismantled in 1912), is still in existence as part of the Alexandra Bridge Provincial Park and has not seen automobile traffic since 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="18999493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999493" title="Silwood Park">
Silwood Park

Silwood Park is the rural campus of Imperial College London, England. It is situated near the village of Sunninghill, near Ascot in Berkshire. Since 1986, there have been major developments on the site with four new college buildings. Adjacent to these buildings is the Technology Transfer Centre: a science park with units leased to commercial companies for research.
There are a number of the divisions of Faculty of Natural Sciences that have a presence on the campus. Additionally, Silwood Park is home to the NERC Centre for Population Biology (CPB), the International Pesticide Application Research Consortium (IPARC), and the Imperial College Reactor Centre.
History.
Prior to World War II, Silwood Park was a private residence—the manor house of Sunninghill—then during the war, it became a convalescent home for airmen. The original manor at which Prince Arthur stayed in 1499 was known as Eastmore and was situated on the hill near Silwood Farm. In about 1788, Sir James Sibbald built a Georgian mansion on part of the present house and demolished the old "Eastmore"; he called it Selwood or Silwood Park. The name stems from the Old English for Sallow ("Salix caprea" Agg.) which presumably grew then along the banks of the streams that flow through the Park. The house was, in its turn, demolished, and the present mansion was completed in 1878.
In 1947, Silwood Park was purchased by Imperial College for entomological research and field studies. Initially, pioneering developments in insect pest management took place, but more recently the emphasis has been on ecology and evolutionary biology. Staff and research students of the Zoology Department were the first college personnel at Silwood when the Field Station moved from Slough, but the department of Civil Engineering has used it since 1947 for courses in surveying. Botany and Meteorology started work there about thirty years ago and the nuclear reactor was opened in 1965. Over a thousand postgraduate students have been trained at Silwood since its establishment, about half of them taking PhDs. They have come from more than sixty countries, and Silwood-trained graduates have gone to almost every corner of the globe. There are over 200 graduate staff and students working there at any one time. Undergraduates from South Kensington attend for field courses and some final-year projects. In 1981, the departments of Zoology and Botany were merged to form the Department of Biology.
In 1984, the CAB International Institute of Biological Control (IIBC) moved its headquarters to Silwood Park. In 1989, the institute moved into its own new building at Silwood Park, which also houses the Michael Way Library, specialising in ecology, entomology and crop protection. From January 1998, IIBC and its sister Institutes of Entomology, Mycology and Parasitology were integrated on two sites as CABI Bioscience. The Silwood site was the centre for the LUBILOSA Programme, where an inter-disciplinary team could be set up, combining IIBCs biological control skills with (bio)pesticide application (IPARC) and host-pathogen ecology (CPB). CABI continued to focus on biological pest, disease and weed management in Silwood Park until consolidation at Egham (to become the UK Centre) in 2008.
Recent activities.
Silwood Park provides a wide range of habitats for the study of animals and plants in the field and for the study of meteorological and geophysical phenomena: its special feature is the proximity of these to modern sophisticated laboratory equipment, such as the Environmental Analysis Section computers, the flight and photoperiod laboratories and in the numerous growth cabinets and controlled environment rooms.
Many of the Silwood Park staff have spent periods working on pest problems overseas. Their continuing contacts as visiting advisers, on lecturing programmes, and in international committees together with close liaison with CABI, the Natural Resources Institute, Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council and Natural Environment Research Council Institutes, and many connections through past and present students and academic visitors, means that work at Silwood Park maintains an international flavour. Support is obtained from Research Councils, other Government Bodies and Industry.
In 2001, the Biology and Biochemistry Departments merged to form the Department of Biological Sciences within the Faculty of Life Sciences. In 2005, further restructuring occurred and the Centre for Environmental Policy, Cell and Molecular Biology, Molecular Biosciences and Biology were moved to the Faculty of Natural Sciences. In 2007 the Divisions of Biology, Cell and Molecular Biology and Molecular Biosciences were moved into the Department of Life Sciences within the Faculty of Natural Sciences. The Division of Biology, which hosts various MSc courses, is based at Silwood Park and at Imperial College's South Kensington campus in southwest London.

</doc>
<doc id="18999496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999496" title="Eila Pellinen">
Eila Pellinen

Eila Pellinen or Eila Reima (born August 6, 1938 in Sulkava, Finland – April 10, 1977 in Espoo) was a Finnish singer. Her song ”Onni jonka annoin pois” ("The Luck I Gave Away") was a hit.

</doc>
<doc id="18999503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999503" title="Deivos">
Deivos

Deivos is a four piece Polish Brutal Death Metal band from Lublin, Poland.
Band history.
Deivos was formed between 1997 and 1998 by guitarist Tomasz Kołcon of Engraved, guitarist Maciej Nawrocki, and vocalist Marcin Górniak of Ravendusk. The band recorded its first demo, "Praised By Generations", in 1999 with the aid of a drum machine. In 2000, drummer Krzysztof Saran of Abusiveness and bassist Jarek Pieńkoś joined the line-up. Near the end of 2001, Nawrocki and Górniak left the band, and Pieńkoś took over the band's vocals. In 2003, Deivos recorded the mini CD "Hostile Blood", gaining them popularity in the metal underground as well as a deal with the Butchery Music label. The band's line-up was completed in 2004 with the addition of Abusiveness guitarist Mścisław, and their first full-length album, "Emanation From Below", was recorded and released in 2006.
In May 2009, the band signed with Unique Leader Records. Unique Leader Records released the band's third studio album, Gospel of Maggots, in February 2010. Then, in 2011, another album was released: Demiurge of the void

</doc>
<doc id="18999504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999504" title="Erol Kaymak">
Erol Kaymak

Dr Erol Kaymak is a Turkish Cypriot academic who in 2004 from 2007 was the Chair of the Department of International Relations at Eastern Mediterranean University in north Cyprus. 
Early career.
Kaymak received his BA in Political Science at State University of New York at Buffalo in 1990. He completed a Masters degree in Political Science at Texas Tech University in 1994, and in 1999 completed his PhD in Political Science at Texas Tech University in Political Science. 
Recent activities.
Erol Kaymak is currently interested in the study of international phenomena from the vantage point of constructivism, a sociological view of international relations, with the intent of contributing to an understanding of the relationship between ethnic conflict, sovereignty, and the international system. To this end, Dr Kaymak has been researching the Cyprus dispute as a case study of Europeanization processes. Kaymak participated at the technical level negotiations of the Annan Plan for a comprehensive settlement to the Cyprus problem. He is a founding member of the Cyprus Academic Forum (CAF), which is actively working to enhance dialogue among academics on both sides of the island of Cyprus. 
Literary carer.
Dr Kaymak has published works on the Cyprus dispute and other issues of problematic political integration in journals including "Nationalism and Ethnic Politics", and "Mediterranean Politics". Most recently he authored the northern Cyprus section of the CIVICUS Civil Society Index report for Cyprus that provides a comprehensive analysis of the civil society's structure, environment, values, and impact.

</doc>
<doc id="18999505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999505" title="Kristiina Elstelä">
Kristiina Elstelä

Kristiina Elstelä (born 10 January 1943 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish actress, who has acted in many TV shows and movies. She also has a long career in theater and she is a renowned cabaret artist.
In 2006 Elstelä was one of the competitors in "Dancing with the Stars" television series. She and her partner Marko Keränen were ranked seconds, right after Tomi Metsäketo and Sanna Hirvaskari.
She is daughter of actor Ossi Elstelä and actress Irja Elstelä.

</doc>
<doc id="18999538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999538" title="Don't Believe in Love">
Don't Believe in Love

"Don't Believe in Love" is a pop song performed by Dido. It is the only official single from her third studio album, "Safe Trip Home", but the second single overall. It was released on 27 October 2008.
Release.
The song was premiered on radio stations on 1 September 2008, and was released for download in many European countries from 29 September 2008. It was also released in Australia on this date. The physical single was released in United Kingdom on 27 October 2008, and in Germany on 31 October 2008.
Music video.
The music video for the song was filmed in a ranch near Los Angeles, with AlexandLiane as the directors. The video was filmed in September 2008, and premiered on Dido's official YouTube account on 30 October 2008. The music video was available as a free download from the iTunes Store on 3 December 2008, as part of their 2008 "12 Days Of Christmas" promotion.
Charts.
The song only peaked at #54 on the UK Singles Chart, making it her second lowest charting single to date, until No Freedom charted 5 places lower at 59 in 2013. The song peaked at #2 on the Italian Digital Singles Chart. The song has reached #20 on the Japan Hot 100. The song was also certified 2x Platinum in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18999543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999543" title="Lakeview Airport">
Lakeview Airport

Lakeview Airport may refer to:
Other airports in places named Lakeview:

</doc>
<doc id="18999554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999554" title="Rod Eyot">
Rod Eyot

Rod Eyot or Rod Ait is an island in the River Thames in England near Henley-on-Thames on the reach above Hambledon Lock. It is close to Mill Meadows and the River and Rowing Museum.
The island is populated with ten chalets and a brick cottage and is inaccessible except by boat. River traffic passes on either side in accordance with the rules of the river. 
Several of the properties are occupied on a permanent basis, whilst others are weekend recreational homes. Each of the properties has its own riverbank moorings.
Henley Town centre, with its railway station providing links to London Paddington, 35 restaurants, market square and landmark riverside Pub - The Angel on the Bridge - is five minutes by boat from Rod Eyot.
There is another unidentified island which is unpopulated downstream between Rod Eyot and Henley Bridge known locally as bird island.
Until 1907, when the Town council sold off the plots, it was known as Corporation Island. At the time, only the brick cottage existed, originally being the home of the Farrier who shoed the horses which towed the River Barges at the time. 
Rod Eyot features in an old painting owned by the Queen which portrays the river viewed from the Wargrave Road bank. At the time, the island was part of a collection of low lying, uninhabited marshy islands.

</doc>
<doc id="18999556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999556" title="Saint Mark Coptic Orthodox Church (Heliopolis)">
Saint Mark Coptic Orthodox Church (Heliopolis)

St. Mark's Coptic Orthodox Church is the first Coptic parish that was built and established in the district of Heliopolis in Cairo, Egypt. Being one of several Coptic Orthodox Churches in Heliopolis, St. Mark's Church is specifically located on Cleopatra Street, near the Cleopatra Hospital.
Early history.
Establishment.
The idea of establishing a church in Heliopolis started out in 1917. A committee was formed, and eventually, the cornerstone was founded on Friday, June 16, 1922, under the papacy of Pope Cyril V. Prayers were held in a temporary location and started in January 1925. This was the case until 1930, when the construction was finally complete. The late Fr. Ibrahim Luke served as the first priest, and was at St. Mark's Church until he died in 1950. Today, there are at least ten priests that serve Saint Mark's Church alone.
Endownment lands.
Some of the adjacent land was purchased in 1948 to build the church hall and chapel. It was opened by Pope Cyril VI on June 5, 1964, and the new altar was consecrated, bearing the name of Saint Menas.
Contact information.
The following lines are the contact details for Saint Mark's Church:
St. Mark Coptic Orthodox Church<br>
Cleopatra Street, Heliopolis, Cairo, Egypt<br>
Phone/fax: +2 02 285 4509
Papal visits.
As Saint Mark's Church has had a long history, there were several occasions upon which there were Papal visits made by different Coptic Popes. Among them are:

</doc>
<doc id="18999583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999583" title="Leonard D. Jungwirth">
Leonard D. Jungwirth

Leonard D. Jungwirth (October 18, 1903 – 1963 or 1964) American sculptor born in Detroit, Michigan. He studied with his father Joachim Jungwirth, a Detroit wood carver. His formal education was furthered at the School of Fine Arts and Wayne State University (B.A., 1927) both in Detroit. He spent 1929 through 1933 studying at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Munich, Germany. 
He returned to Detroit where he taught at Wayne State from 1936 to 1940. During some of that period he also served as a supervisor in the WPA's Federal Art Project, for whom he created several works, notably a statue of Gabriel Richard located at the entrance to the Belle Isle Bridge. 
In 1940 he moved to East Lansing, Michigan, where he was employed at what is now Michigan State University. He remained there until his death in 1963 or 1964. While there he created his (arguably) best known work, "The Spartan". Jungwirth also made the Stations of the Cross for St. Thomas Aquinas Church in East Lansing.

</doc>
<doc id="18999587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999587" title="Adam (tree)">
Adam (tree)

The Adam Tree is the 20th largest giant sequoia in the world. It is located in Mountain Home Grove, a sequoia grove in Sequoia National Forest in the Sierra Nevada in eastern California.
History.
The Adam tree was named around 1884 by Jesse Hoskins, who was also responsible for the room cut out of the Hercules tree, which is also in the Mountain Home Grove. Wendell Flint and Mike Law measured the Adam tree in 1978 and calculated a volume of , with a girth of . It was considered the largest tree in the grove until 1985, when Flint, with the help of photographer Mike Law, measured and named the nearby Genesis tree and demonstrated that it was larger. Three trees in the grove - the Genesis, Summit Road and Euclid trees - are presently considered to be larger than the Adam tree.
Dimensions.
The dimensions of the Adam Tree as measured by Wendell D. Flint. The calculated volume ignores burns.

</doc>
<doc id="18999595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999595" title="Elton B. Stephens Expressway">
Elton B. Stephens Expressway

The Elton B. Stephens Expressway, more commonly referred to locally as the Red Mountain Expressway, is a limited access freeway serving as a north-south connection between Homewood and Mountain Brook south of Red Mountain with I-20/59 just to the northeast of downtown Birmingham. It was named for local businessman and philanthropist Elton B. Stephens, who chaired the Birmingham and Jefferson County Freeway and Expressway Committee. The expressway was largely built over the former path of 26th Street North and South.
The freeway generally carries three lanes for travel in each direction and carries traffic for both US 31 and US 280. Between its northern terminus and University Boulevard, the freeway is elevated. From University Boulevard to its southern terminus the freeway is by and large at-grade.
History.
Construction commenced in 1962 with the initial blasting of the Red Mountain cut and construction of the interchange with Florida Short Route. The latter work was delayed by intransigence from the Jefferson County Board of Education, which denied crews access to the Shades Valley High School campus until the Alabama Department of Transportation secured replacement land for that condemned for highway use.
The Highland Avenue overpass was completed in January 1967. The cut was completed later that same year, with the highway opening in 1970.
Originally ending at 2nd Avenue North, its connection with I-20/59 and Carraway Boulevard was completed in the 1980s over the site of Birmingham’s grand Terminal Station demolished in 1969.
When the expressway was originally constructed, a cloverleaf exit was constructed at 1st Avenue North for southbound traffic. An on-ramp was constructed over the cloverleaf and used in the 1970s, but later removed. Currently, although the cloverleaf exit exists, it is closed to traffic.
In the months leading to 1996 Olympics soccer to be hosted in Legion Field, the Olympic soccer countdown clock was located on the Highland Avenue overpass.

</doc>
<doc id="18999603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999603" title="Have Your Way">
Have Your Way

"Have Your Way" is a single by Australian nu metal band Superheist. The song was an intended single release and had a video released, however the physical single was pressed but never released for retail sale. Some copies off the single (not promo) were released but only to media and press. After the Apocalypse Demos this is the next rarest Supeheist release. The version of Christine on the single is the same song, but a different version than found on the "Bullet" single.

</doc>
<doc id="18999612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999612" title="Spine apparatus">
Spine apparatus

The spine apparatus (SA) is a specialized form of endoplasmic reticulum (ER) that is found in a subpopulation of dendritic spines in central neurons. It was discovered by E. G. Gray in 1959 when he applied electron microscopy to fixed cortical tissue. The SA consists of a series of stacked discs that are thought to be connected to each other and to the dendritic system of ER-tubules. The actin binding protein synaptopodin (which was originally described in podocytes of the kidney) is an essential component of the SA. Mice that lack the gene for synaptopodin do not form a spine apparatus. The SA is believed to play a critical role in learning and memory, but the exact function of the spine apparatus is still considered relatively enigmatic. 
Morphology.
The spine apparatus consists of membranous saccules and tubules along with wispy filamentous material and is usually associated with a large mushroom-shaped dendritic spine. The wispy filamentous material is a cytoskeletal network which is responsible for the maintenance and alteration of spine shape and controls effectiveness of axospinous synapses. The morphology of the spine apparatus is highly indicative of and similar to the morphology and structure of the smooth surfaced endoplasmic reticulum of the dendrite. Consisting of continuous parallel flattened cisternae, the spine apparatus has a large surface area which is beneficial for its function. 
Benefits of the large surface area of the spine apparatus include increased electronic properties of the spine and contribution to longitudinal resistance of the cytoplasm. The spine apparatus occupies a large portion of the volume of the spine stalk, which allows it to contribute significantly to the longitudinal resistance of the cytoplasm. Therefore, the spine apparatus can have a direct effect on the membrane potential of the spine plasma membrane by variation in position and volume.
The spine apparatus structure allows for dynamic changes in the surface area of the spine plasma membrane. For example, calcium-dependent mechanisms, similar to ones associated with cell shape and maintenance, have been linked to dynamic changes of spine plasma membrane surface area. These calcium-dependent mechanisms have a direct correlation with dynamic changes in dendritic spines, and hence spine plasma membrane surface area. The connection to the smooth endoplasmic reticulum also suggests a potential pathway for the transfer of proteins between the spine and dendrite. Also, the similarity between the smooth endoplasmic reticulum and the spine apparatus suggests that the spine apparatus could function as a reservoir for calcium ions.
The structures of spine apparatuses differ depending on their elaboration and position in the spine. Spines can be classified into four different categories: thin, stubby, mushroom, and branched. The shape of the spine apparatus differs depending upon which spine type it is associated with. For example, when the spine apparatus is associated with thin spines, the morphology is simple and consists of a very basic tubular form; however, when the spine apparatus is associated with mushroom shaped dendritic spines, the morphology is a complex laminar arrangement of saccules in the spine head and stalk.
Function.
Local Protein Synthesis and Trafficking.
For some time, the function of the spine apparatus has been considered enigmatic. Recent evidence, however, suggests the spine apparatus may possess several distinct functions. After elucidating the structure of the spine apparatus, Spacek and Harris noted a continuation of the smooth endoplasmic reticulum into the spine apparatus, where it then takes on a lamellar structure. This observation suggests the SA might play a role in vesicular transport, although a specific mechanism is not yet clear. 
Furthermore, Pierce et al proposed that the spine apparatus may be involved in post-translational protein processing, similar to that observed in the golgi apparatus, and function in the post-translational processing of GluR1 and GluR2 subunits, which are locally translated in dentritic spines, of AMPA receptors. The spine apparatus has also been shown to be involved in the post-translational processing and spatial delivery of NMDA receptors, which also function as glutamate receptors and play a significant role in controlling synaptic plasticity. Considering immunostaining studies have identified NMDARs and AMPARs in the spine apparatus, it has been proposed that the spine apparatus may be critical to the localization of AMPARs and NMDARs to synapses during LTP formation.
The appearance of molecular markers for satellite secretory pathways provides further evidence that the spine apparatus plays a role in local integral membrane protein translocation and processing. More specifically, the protein translocation site marker (Sec61α) and the Golgi cisternae markers (giantin and α-mannosidase II) have been observed in the spine apparatus.
Calcium Signaling.
Synaptic activity triggers Ca2+ influx into dendritic spines via NMDA receptors and voltage-dependent calcium channels. Free Ca2+ ions are rapidly removed from the cytoplasm through Na+/Ca2+ exchangers in the plasma membrane and by sarco/endoplasmic reticulum Ca2+ ATPases (SERCA pumps) that mediate Ca2+ uptake into the smooth endoplasmic reticulum (sER). The spine apparatus, as a sub-compartment of the sER, has a large surface area and is thought to act as an efficient calcium buffer inside the spine (Figure 2).
Recent studies have shown that the spine apparatus is also able to release Ca2+ through inositol trisphosphate receptors (IP3Rs) or ryanodine receptors (RyRs). The calcium-sensitive nature of IP3Rs and RyRs makes both receptors capable of regenerative calcium-induced calcium release (CICR). In dendritic shafts and spines of hippocampal neurons the presence of both RyRs and IP3Rs has been shown by immunostaining. Ca2+ release is triggered by glutamate release, activating Group I metabotropic glutamate receptors (mGluRs). The downstream signaling cascade leads to elevated IP3 levels inside the spine (Figure 2) which trigger Ca2+ release events only in those spines that contain sER.
Plasticity.
The spine apparatus’ ability to release calcium into the cytosol is thought to contribute to the development of synaptic plasticity. This was first shown in an experiment using synaptopodin(SP)-deficient mice, which do not show a spine apparatus in dendritic spines. These SP-deficient mice showed a decrease in long-term potentiation (LTP). Furthermore, LTP1 (short-term plasticity which requires post-translational protein modifications, but is protein synthesis independent), LTP2 (slowly decaying plasticity which is protein synthesis-dependent but does not require gene transcription modifications), and LTP3 (long-lasting LTP that is translation- and transcription-dependent) were decreased as a result of the absence of the spine apparatus. 
Further studies have shown that altered expression and distribution of RyRs, IP3Rs, and L-type voltage-dependent calcium channels (L-VDCCs) can decrease LTP1, LTP2, and LTP3. This observation, combined with the observation that SP-deficient mice have decreased LTP, suggests the proper expression and distribution of calcium channels within the spine apparatus is required for controlling synaptic plasticity. Moreover, the spine apparatus is critical for maintaining the cytosolic calcium levels which are central to the formation of synaptic plasticity.
SP-deficient mice also exhibited behavioral changes, including decreased horizontal locomotor activity, decreased anxiety, and a decreased ability to acquire LTP3-related spatial memory, as shown in a radial arm maze. The decreased locomotor activity and decreased spatial learning suggest the spine apparatus’ role in inducing cerebellar LTP, in addition to hippocampal LTP. The exact mechanisms of these deficiencies are not fully understood. These behavioral modifications are thought to be epiphenomena of the absence of a spine apparatus and the changes in cytosolic calcium control mechanisms typically provided by the spine apparatus.
Synaptopodin, a protein that binds actin and α-actinin-2, is closely associated with the spine apparatus. Although SP-deficient mature mice both lack the spine apparatus and display impaired LTP, the relationship between SP, the spine apparatus, and plasticity is complicated by the following three findings: (1) In addition to being associated with the spine apparatus, SP is also located in the cisternal organelle, which is structurally similar to the spine apparatus. (2) The spine apparatus is generally found in mushroom spines of mature neurons, but ample levels of SP and expression of LTP have been detected in juvenile rats just 15 days old. (3) Unlike SP, the spine apparatus has not been found in cultured neurons. These findings have led some to the conclusion that the spine apparatus is implicated in plasticity only because this organelle is associated with SP.
Direct evidence for an essential function of the spine apparatus in mGluR-dependent long-term depression (LTD) has been provided by comparing plasticity of synapses on spines with or without spine apparatus. In this study, only synapses associated with sER displayed this form of depression. Blocking IP3-mediated Ca2+ release blocked synaptic depression, indicating a causal role of the spine apparatus in the induction of mGluR-dependent LTD.
Relevance to Disease.
Recent evidence suggests that structural changes in the spine apparatus may be linked to brain disorders. When parkinsonian symptoms were induced in monkeys via treatment with MPTP, alterations in morphology were observed, including an increase in the ratio of spine apparatus volume to spine volume. Abnormal spine apparatus morphology has also been noted in peritumorous and edematous tissues of the human brain, and these changes in structure may result in compromised or altered function.
Much has yet to be discovered about the role of the spine apparatus in brain disease; the specific effects of changes in SA morphology remain a topic of study. Scientists are hopeful that serial section electron microscopy (ssEM), a high resolution technique that can be used to visualize dendritic spines and their intracellular components, will allow for a greater understanding of the relationship between alterations in SA structure and disease pathology. 
Alterations to the morphology of the spine apparatus have also been observed in rats exposed to chronic levels of ethanol. Atrophied spine apparatuses were observed in these animals, as well as in anesthetized animals. The exact mechanisms involved in the size reduction and atrophy of the spine apparatus are unknown, but it is thought that these mechanisms may contribute to changes in LTP and behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="18999617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999617" title="Billy McColl">
Billy McColl

William Christopher McColl, known as Billy McColl, is a Scottish former footballer.
Playing career.
A product of the renowned Glasgow youth team Drumchapel Amateurs, McColl began his senior career with Clydebank, and was a member of the squad that won the inaugural Second Division title in 1975-76 before surprisingly going on to reach the Premier Division a year later, the first time the club had appeared in the top flight of Scottish football. He would make over 150 Scottish League appearances in the Clydebank midfield before a transfer to Ayr United in 1978.
In 1981 McColl joined Clyde and won another Second Division championship medal, under the management of Craig Brown, in season 1981-82. His last senior club was Albion Rovers in 1983 where he made just a single league appearance before retiring.
After leaving football, McColl went into business as a sub-postmaster and newsagent in Netherlee, East Renfrewshire. His son Barry McColl also played Scottish League football, for Queen's Park in the 1990s.
Honours.
Clydebank
Clyde

</doc>
<doc id="18999626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999626" title="Eou yadam">
Eou yadam

Eou yadam (, "Eou's Unofficial Histories") is a collection of stories by Yu Mong-in (유몽인, 1559–1623), a scholar, official and writer of the Joseon Dynasty of Korea (1392-1910). The title is composed of his pen name, ""Eou"", and ""yadam"", which can be roughly translated as "unofficial histories" or "miscellaneous talks" in English. Eou yadam was written in classical Chinese, the written lingua franca of the time. It remains five volumes in one book although "Eou yadam" originally consisted of 10 volumes. It is regarded the progeniter of "yadam," a body of collected stories that flourished in the late Joseon period. While some of his contemporaries praised Eou Yadam as written in a lucid, and succinct literary style, Eu Yadam was never published until the late 19th century because of Yu Mong-in's unfortunate political career, which bought the capital punishment for him and his son for the rumour that they plotted against the then-reigning King Injo. Eu yadam is cited in a number of Joseon literary works by scholars such as Jang Yu (1587–1638), Yi Ik (1681–1763), Jong Yak-yong (1762–1836), etc. At least thirty different editions of Eou yadam are extant. These were used by Yu Mong-in's descendants to reconstruct Eou yadam. This version is called the Manjong-jae version. A number of manuscripts are found at libraries such as National Library of Korea and Kyujanggak, Seoul, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="18999637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999637" title="Write Ahead Physical Block Logging">
Write Ahead Physical Block Logging

Write Ahead Physical Block Logging (WAPBL) provides meta data journaling for file systems in conjunction with Fast File System (FFS) to accomplish rapid filesystem consistency after an unclean shutdown of the filesystem and better general use performance over regular FFS.

</doc>
<doc id="18999638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999638" title="Team World Vision">
Team World Vision

Team World Vision is a fundraising program of humanitarian organization World Vision that equips individuals to raise money for World Vision projects. Currently, Team World Vision's has the most participants at the Bank of America Chicago Marathon, but athletes are able to participate in any athletic event in the United States in order to raise money for World Vision. Unlike most large charity runner organizations Team World Vision does not pay for team member's race entry fees, jerseys or transportation, nor does Team World Vision have a fundraising minimum for most events.
History.
Team World Vision began in 2005 under the direction of (current National Director) Michael Chitwood. Chitwood has stated that his life was changed physically, emotionally, and spiritually after running his first marathon, and felt called to start a team that could bring that experience to more people and help to people in poverty around the world.
Since its start in Chicago in 2005, Team World Vision has expanded to include staff in New York, Minneapolis, Miami, Dallas, Los Angeles, and Seattle. The biggest Team World Vision event has continued to be the Bank of America Chicago Marathon, however. In 2006, Team World Vision had just over 100 runners in the Chicago Marathon. In 2010, there were more than 1,200 Team World Vision runners at the Chicago Marathon who raised over 1 million dollars. The money raised provides children and communities in Africa with clean water.
Cause.
While all of the money raised by Team World Vision athletes goes to furthering the work of Christian humanitarian agency World Vision, it does have a specific focus within World Vision's efforts. All of the Team World Vision events raise money to provide clean water to children and communities in Africa, with one exception: the money raised at the Miami Marathon and Half Marathon goes to relief work in Haiti.
Events.
With Team World Vision, runners can choose to run a Premier Event, a Small Group Event, or another event of their choice. Currently, the Premier Events include: the Bank of America Chicago Marathon, the Chicago Half Marathon, the Metro PCS Dallas White Rock Marathon and Half Marathon, the Honda LA Marathon, the 13.1 Los Angeles benefiting World Vision, the Medtronic Twin Cities Marathon, the 13.1 Minneapolis benefiting World Vision, the ING Miami Marathon and Half Marathon, the 13.1 Dallas benefiting World Vision, the 13.1 NY benefiting World Vision, and the 13.1 Ft. Lauderdale benefiting World Vision.
Advocates.
Josh Cox is the 50k American Marathon holder, four-time Olympic trials qualifier, and a Team World Vision Team Captain. He has traveled to Africa with Team World Vision to run the Comrades 56-mile race and to meet the child he sponsors through World Vision. Josh continues to be a writer, speaker, and TV personality when he's not running. 
Andy Baldwin, former star of ABC's "The Bachelor", is a US Naval office, ironman triathlete, humanitarian, physician, and Team World Vision Team Captain. He also traveled to South Africa with Team World Vision in 2010 to run and meet his sponsored child. Andy currently serves as a family medicine resident at the Naval Hospital Camp Pendleton in Southern California.
Other professional runners who advocate for Team World Vision include Bart Yasso (Chief Running Officer of Runner's World), Chris Lieto (American triathlete) and Jose Munoz (winner, 2007 P.F. Chang's half marathon). Ryan Hall and his wife Sara also support Team World Vision's efforts through their foundation, the Hall Steps Foundation.
In a New Yorker article published on August 11, 2008, Ryan and Sara Hall talk about Team World Vision with author Peter Hessler:
""We kind of see the money we have as God’s money,” Sara told me. They supported a Christian charity called Team World Vision, which gets entrants to the country’s major marathons to raise money for development projects in Africa.""

</doc>
<doc id="18999641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999641" title="Consumer activism">
Consumer activism

Consumer activism is activism undertaken on behalf of consumers, to assert consumer rights.
Objectives and tactics.
Goals include making goods and services available to consumers safer, better quality, environmentally friendly, and more readily available.
The activists and consumers in the movement hope to provide security and healthy standards for employed consumers. The state should protect against profiteers, disease, unemployment, and market fluctuations. Consumer movements challenge social order and transform it through the propagation of ideologies of consumption in hopes of dramatically changing mainstream views. The ideal goal is to push consumers to question the morality of a purchased product's origins.
Consumer activist tactics can include boycotts, petitioning the government, media activism, and organizing interest groups.
Notable consumer activists include Carol Foreman, Marc Kasky, Richard M. Kessel, Virginia H. Knauer, Eileen Hoats, Ralph Nader, Frances Perkins, Michael Pertschuk, Peter A. Peyser.
Notable consumer organizations include Public Citizen, Consumers Union, and Consumer Federation of America.
Periods of Consumer Movements.
Sociologist Rao denotes three eras of consumer movements in the United States: the antiadulteration movement, the rise of nonprofit consumer watchdog organizations, and the legal activism era. The ideology of this social movement reflects that of other social movements in that their goal, their adversary, and their members are all publicly made available and seen. Consumer movements developed as a form of resistance against marketing and industrial practices. These can include the selling of dangerous vehicles, the use of deceptive advertising, and inhumane working conditions.
Conceptions of Consumer movement.
Three elements are necessary, according to Touraine, for the ideology of a social movement: identity, opposition, and totality. Identity is the self and collective identity of the members of the social movement. Opposition is the identification and description of the adversary. Totality is the indication that objectives will be achieved through struggle. This conception has been appropriate for the other movements, including the lesbian and gay, civil rights, and feminist movements. 
 Consumers are cast in the social movement as common people, while the activists are those leading them into the conflict with business executives and elites. Activist members do not only target corporations and attempt to change their behavior, but they seek to elevate the awareness of consumers collectively with the purpose of altering consumer culture.
Organizing Consumer Movements.
Meetings of consumer movements may include encouraging reflexivity, the discussion of how consumerism is viewed by the activists and by the target audience, capitalism, and the broadcasting of the differences between the activists and most people. Some meetings falter from accomplishing set goals, such as organizing leafleting activities, and focus on accelerating the growth of reflective thinking about consumption. Most behavior was found to be focused on assigning positive meanings of awakening to the collective identity of activists. 
Protests are used by the activists in the social movement in order to gain political influence. By gaining this control, new political opportunities and resources become available to the group, who can use them for their benefit. This allows for more mobilization by supporters, both inside and outside the group, to protest and get their message heard.
Revelations.
Most activists were at one point similar to the people they are now reaching out to get support from and attention. The growth of a social awareness is often linked to spiritual awareness. This process allows the activist to leave their own selves behind with the smaller issues that concern them and move beyond to attain a sense of connection with others around the world. Images of detachment and distance are common emotions felt by the activists when compared to non-activists in this state. Metaphors may also be used to emphasize these comparisons.
The Opponent: Corporate Elites.
The ability to have a visible, clear, and despicable target for an enemy allows for unification and mobilization of activists. Religious terms, such as David and Goliath, may also be used to help motivate others to join in the struggle. Activists may also target multiple corporations and describe them as their rival. Links have been by those within the social movement between the temptations provided by the corporate opponents and the weaknesses of public consumers.
View of Consumers.
Some activists perceive the consumer public as unthinking, ignorant, and routine in their thoughts of consumption. Activist accounts describe these people as unreflective and unwilling to “consider” their habits and lifestyles. They may be believed to not insert moral or social ideas into their consumption. Other perceptions of customers are also expressed by activists, including the idea that consumers are submissive to corporations. The activists themselves may be described as dominating and oppressive to the consuming public.
Consumers Seen as Adversaries.
The consuming public has the potential to become involved in the activists’ cause. However, this same public is often described as selfish and lazy by the social movement’s members. Consumers react to the movement’s message as one of elitist and overzealous, while others interpret their goals as attempts to limit free choices of the public. Dialogue amongst the activists also helps distinguish the members from the consumers. Conversations may contain stereotypical constructions that help with this differentiation.
Criticism.
Opponents of consumer activism often represent business interests. Some businesses have brought lawsuits against consumer groups for making negative comments about their products or services. Many of the suits have been successfully defended as exercises in free speech. Some cases against consumer activists have been dismissed under anti-SLAPP laws.

</doc>
<doc id="18999642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999642" title="James Elisha Brown">
James Elisha Brown

James Elisha Brown (12 May 1913 – 26 January 1974) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in St. Marys, Ontario and became a lawyer by career.
He was first elected at the Brantford riding in
the 1953 general election and served a term in the 22nd Canadian Parliament. Brown did not participate in the 1957 election, but returned to Parliament for the Brantford riding in the 1962 election. He was re-elected there for successive terms in the 1963 and 1965 federal elections, then was re-elected at the newly configured Brant riding in the 1968 election. Brown left Parliament before the end of his term in the 28th Canadian Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="18999660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999660" title="Creative Commons Rights Expression Language">
Creative Commons Rights Expression Language

Creative Commons Rights Expression Language (ccREL) is a proposed Rights Expression Language (REL) for descriptive metadata to be appended to media that is licensed under any of the Creative Commons licenses. According to the draft submitted to the W3C, it is to come in the forms of RDFa for (x)HTML pages and XMP for standalone media.

</doc>
<doc id="18999667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999667" title="Safe Trip Home">
Safe Trip Home

Safe Trip Home is the third studio album by Dido. It was released in the United Kingdom on 17 November 2008. The album features collaborations and production with Jon Brion, her brother Rollo Armstrong, Brian Eno, Mick Fleetwood, Citizen Cope and Questlove. The album was the 44th best-selling album worldwide of 2008, according to IFPI. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical.
Release.
The album's cover artwork and track listing were revealed by Dido's official website on 5 September 2008. The album was originally due to be released on 3 November, but was delayed for two weeks due to manufacturing delays. In the UK, the album launch was heralded with a special listening party, which fans can win an invitation to through the Nectar loyalty card points scheme. 
The album cover features a photograph of astronaut Bruce McCandless II during a spacewalk, as part of space shuttle mission STS-41-B. McCandless later sued Dido, Sony Music Entertainment and Getty Images over violating his publicity rights. The case was settled under undisclosed terms in January 2011. An August 2005 "Smithsonian" magazine article about the photo quoted McCandless saying that the subject's anonymity is its best feature. "I have the sun visor down, so you can't see my face, and that means it could be anybody in there. It's sort of a representation not of Bruce McCandless, but mankind." 
On 27 October 2008, it was announced that eleven short films were being produced to accompany the tracks on the album, based around the theme of home.
Critical reception.
The album received very positive reviews. Metacritic, which is a website that gives an average rating over a number of reviews, rates the album at 74 out of a 100. Stephanie Merritt from "The Guardian" wrote "This album is a mature and thoughtful collection of songs and a fine memorial to her father, who would have been right to be proud." While Chris Willman from "Entertainment Weekly" said "The emotion in these sad, subtle songs seems inherent enough, though you may still find yourself wishing she'd allowed the slightest hint of it to creep into her voice." Will Hermes of "Rolling Stone" said: "Dido's voice is so comforting, you almost miss the blues it conceals." Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine gave a more critical review: "The album might be Dido's least adventurous to date, her brand of vanilla soul going down like a warm cup of milk on tracks like the lead single "Don't Believe in Love" and "Quiet Times", the lyrics of which pretty much capture her overall state of mind: "My home is home and I'm settled now/I've made it through the restless phase." Though he noted that there was a "timeless quality to the songwriting and production." Elizabeth Goodman of "Blender" was also more critical. "The songs are ostensibly sad but [they are as pleasant as a pile of warm, unfolded laundry. ...Dido should let her socks go unsorted for a while; genuine sorrow sounds good on her." Regardless of the album's late release in the year, it was ranked No. 50 in "Q"'s 50 Best Albums of the Year 2008. In 2010, the album was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical.
Singles.
Two singles were released from the album. On 22 August 2008, the day that the album's title was announced, the track "Look No Further" was released as a free digital download through her official website. The first official single from "Safe Trip Home", "Don't Believe in Love", was released on 27 October 2008. It was also made available on iTunes stores internationally from 29 October. The second single, "Quiet Times", was released in February 2009.
Track listing.
Note: Tracks 1, 3, 5, 6, 9 & 11 produced by Jon Brion 
and tracks 2, 4, 7, 8, 10 produced by The Ark & Dido

</doc>
<doc id="18999678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999678" title="Gerhard Hetz">
Gerhard Hetz

Gerhard Hetz (13 July 1942 – 19 May 2012) was a German Olympic swimmer. He competed in the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay and a bronze medal in the 400 m individual medley in 1964. 
He set two world records in the 400 m individual medley, in 1962 and 1963. In 1962 he was selected as the German Sportspersonality of the Year. After retirement from competitions he became a successful swimming coach at Blau-Weiß Bochum, SSF Bonn (1968–1975) and then SV Rhenania Köln (1975–1991), training such swimmers as Rainer Henkel, Werner Lampe and Peter Sitt. However, he was also criticized for his harsh training methods. He died in Barra de Navidad, Mexico, where he was running an hotel with his wife. They had three children.

</doc>
<doc id="18999679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999679" title="Two Faced (song)">
Two Faced (song)

"Two Faced" is the first single by Australian nu metal band Superheist taken from the EP "8 Miles High". The song was instantly popular in the Alternative Metal scene and launched Superheist's career. The song was always a live crowd favourite.

</doc>
<doc id="18999685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999685" title="Flamboyant (disambiguation)">
Flamboyant (disambiguation)

Flamboyant is a style of Gothic architecture.
Flamboyant may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18999690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999690" title="Wilbur Howard">
Wilbur Howard

Wilbur Leon Howard is an American former Major League Baseball outfielder. During a 6-year baseball career, he played for the Milwaukee Brewers (1973) and the Houston Astros (1974–1978).
Howard was selected in the 19th round of the 1969 Major League Baseball Draft by the Seattle Pilots, who would move to Milwaukee and become the Brewers after the season. Howard played in the Brewers organization for the next four seasons, getting a September call-up in 1973, when he batted .205 in 39 at bats. The following spring, he was traded to the Houston Astros in exchange for the star-crossed Larry Yount and another minor leaguer.
Howard started the season in the minor leagues, but was called up in mid-June, spending the rest of the season as the Astros' fourth outfielder. In , he remained in that role, although the Astros rotated their other outfielders (Greg Gross, César Cedeño, and José Cruz) out of the lineup often enough that Howard played in 121 games, batting .283 with 32 stolen bases, which was eighth in the league and second on the team to Cedeño's 50.
In , however, manager Bill Virdon moved Howard back into a more traditional fourth outfielder role, and he continued to serve in that capacity for three seasons. After spending in the minor leagues with the Charleston Charlies, Howard called it quits.

</doc>
<doc id="18999695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999695" title="100% Synthetic">
100% Synthetic

100% Synthetic is an EP by Chicago-based punk rock band The Honor System which was released in 2001. It is their second release and the last to feature guitarist Nolan McGuire. [http://web.archive.org/web/20110709012805/http://media.www.dennews.com/media/storage/paper309/news/2002/12/06/TheVerge/Experienced.Lineup.To.Debut.Saturday.At.Friends-338538.shtml]

</doc>
<doc id="18999697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999697" title="Jason Parker (American football)">
Jason Parker (American football)

Jason Anthony Parker (born January 23, 1985 in San Diego, California) is an American football defensive end for the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League. He was signed by the Kansas City Chiefs as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Arizona.
Early years.
Parker prepped at Mission Bay Senior High School in San Diego, California where he played defensive end and tight end.
College career.
Parker played college football at the University of Arizona.
Professional career.
Kansas City Chiefs.
After going undrafted in the 2008 NFL Draft, Parker signed with the Kansas City Chiefs as an undrafted free agent. He was waived during final cuts on August 30, only to be re-signed to the team's practice squad on September 2. He was released on October 1.
California Redwoods.
Parker was signed by the California Redwoods of the United Football League on August 18, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18999717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999717" title="Higher Technological Institute (Egypt)">
Higher Technological Institute (Egypt)

Higher Technological Institute (HTI), is a technological institute in Cairo, Egypt. It was founded by Dr. Mostafa Kamel on 27 October 1988, according to the law of private non-profit national high institutes No. 52 for in 1970, the first academic year started on 21 September 1988.
The HTI has three branches: Tenth of Ramdan City (Main Campus), 6th of October City Campus and Marsa Matruh City Campus.
Departments.
Engineering Department.
The HTI offers two engineering degrees; Diploma and Bachelor degrees; both degrees require a 44 units preparatory program to be passed before graduation. However; it is recommended to finish most of it before declaring a major as most of its courses are prerequisites for major courses.
209 units program leading to bachelor's degree or 129.5 for a diploma.
205 units program leading to bachelor's degree or 124.5 for a diploma.
209 units program leading to bachelor's degree or 124.5 for a diploma.
211 units program leading to bachelor's degree or 127.5 for a diploma.
207 units program leading to bachelor's degree or 126.5 for a diploma.
207 units program leading to bachelor's degree or 126.5 for a diploma.
207 units program leading to bachelor's degree or 126.5 for a diploma.
207 units program leading to bachelor's degree or 128.5 for a diploma.

</doc>
<doc id="18999728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999728" title="California Education Code 48907">
California Education Code 48907

California Education Code 48907 (1977) acts as a counter to the Hazelwood v. Kuhlmeier (1988) Supreme Court ruling, which limited the freedom of speech granted to public high school newspapers. The Hazelwood v. Kuhlmeier decision held that public school curricular student newspapers that have not been established as "forums for student expression" are subject to a lower level of First Amendment protection than independent student expression or newspapers established (by policy or practice) as forums for student expression. Ed Code 48907 affirms the right of high school newspapers to publish whatever they choose, so long as the content is not explicitly obscene, libelous, or slanderous. The newspaper content must also pass the minimal disruption test set forth in the Supreme Court ruling on Tinker v. Des Moines (1969). In contrast with Hazelwood, which limited First Amendment Protection to only those high school newspapers that had, through practice or policy, been established as forums for student expression, Ed Code 48907 affirms the right of all newspapers to the freedom of expression.
Background.
Many public high schools provide for a school-funded newspaper, most often the product of a journalism class taken for credit. As a recent Legal News Advisory issued by the California Department of Education noted, these newspapers exist mainly to teach students the elements of journalism and to supplement the language arts curriculum. However, the same advisory also noted that students have a legitimate interest in the full expression of their own ideas on topics of concern, even when those ideas are in conflict with or are critical of those of the school or the majority of the public. Following the landmark Supreme Court ruling in Tinker v. Des Moines, which asserted that students do not lose their free speech protections in school, students are allowed a degree of freedom of expression in school, even if these rights are justifiably less than those experienced out of the classroom.
However, the 1974 study commissioned by the Robert F. Kennedy Memorial, "Captive Voices", found that censorship and the systematic lack of freedom to engage in open, responsible journalism characterize high school journalism. This study, which examined censorship issues, minority participation and journalism education, and the commercial media's involvement with scholastic journalism, also found that censorship of journalism is a matter of policy in all areas of the country despite legal protections that override such censorship. Importantly, the issue of self-censorship was found to have created passivity among students and made them cynical about the guarantees of a free press under the First Amendment.
As a counter to these suppressions and as a reaction to Tinker v. Des Moines, California became the first state in the United States to enact a statutory scheme that protected the free speech rights of students. These protections were codified in Educational Code 10611. In 1977, the California Legislature rewrote this code and replaced it with Educational Code 48907. This revision was prompted by Bright v. Los Angeles Unified School District (1976), in which the California Supreme Court found that Educational Code 10611 did not authorize prior restraint, and thus that a school could only discipline a student for violation of a publications rule or prohibit further distribution. However, Educational Code 10611 was not completely clear, and thus the Legislature replaced it with the current statute, 48907, which now states that prior restraint is allowed only when student expression violates the specific prohibitions of Section 48907.
Text.
The main text of the Code is as follows:
Students of the public schools shall have the right to
exercise freedom of speech and of the press including, but not
limited to, the use of bulletin boards, the distribution of printed
materials or petitions, the wearing of buttons, badges, and other
insignia, and the right of expression in official publications,
whether or not such publications or other means of expression are
supported financially by the school or by use of school facilities,
except that expression shall be prohibited which is obscene,
libelous, or slanderous. Also prohibited shall be material which so
incites students as to create a clear and present danger of the
commission of unlawful acts on school premises or the violation of
lawful school regulations, or the substantial disruption of the
orderly operation of the school.
Each governing board of a school district and each county board of
education shall adopt rules and regulations in the form of a written
publications code, which shall include reasonable provisions for the
time, place, and manner of conducting such activities within its
respective jurisdiction.
Student editors of official school publications shall be
responsible for assigning and editing the news, editorial, and
feature content of their publications subject to the limitations of
this section. However, it shall be the responsibility of a
journalism adviser or advisers of student publications within each
school to supervise the production of the student staff, to maintain
professional standards of English and journalism, and to maintain the
provisions of this section.
There shall be no prior restraint of material prepared for
official school publications except insofar as it violates this
section. School officials shall have the burden of showing
justification without undue delay prior to any limitation of student
expression under this section.
"Official school publications" refers to material produced by
students in the journalism, newspaper, yearbook, or writing classes
and distributed to the student body either free or for a fee.
Nothing in this section shall prohibit or prevent any governing
board of a school district from adopting otherwise valid rules and
regulations relating to oral communication by students upon the
premises of each school.
Specific Provisions.
School authorities can only prohibit publication of stories in school newspapers if they are obscene, libelous, slanderous, or likely to incite others to commit illegal or disruptive acts. Additionally, school districts may not censor, even if the above conditions are met, if the district has not adopted in written form rules and regulations including reasonable provisions for the time, place, and manner in which issues of censorship may be addressed or settled. Thus, even if material falls within the realm of obscene, defamatory, illegal, or disruptive, all reasonable restrictions on school newspapers, school officials may not censor student material simply because no written school district regulations governing publications exist.
Also, a school district rule which generally prohibits such potentially sensitive topics as pregnancy and divorce is not permitted by the statute.
In issues of school liability, often stemming from libel or defamation lawsuits, the majority opinion in Leeb v. Delong 1988 stated that to impose a prior restraint requires the article to contain a “false statement…likely to harm the reputation of another…” and cannot be allowed “to hinge on the subjective pique” of a prospective plaintiff. This again holds the school to a high level of free speech protection before being allowed to censor.
Additionally, Leeb v. Delong holds that a lack of “professional standards of English and journalism” is not justification for prior restraint; post-publication responses are the only way to maintain these standards.
Recent Usage.
This policy and Education Code 48907 was most recently supported by the case Smith v. Novato Unified School District 2007. A California Court of Appeal found that school unlawfully disciplined by condemning a controversial editorial as a violation of school policy and stating it should not have been published. The editorial, titled “Immigration,” contained extremely derogatory statements about Mexican immigrants. The principal, soon after the newspaper’s release, ordered that all remaining copies of the newspaper no longer distributed. Smith sued the school district, and the Marin County Superior Court ruled against him; however, the First District Court of Appeal reversed the decision, stating that Code 48907 prohibits schools from censoring speech simply “because it presents controversial ideas and opponents of the speech are likely to cause disruption.”

</doc>
<doc id="18999735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999735" title="Dial M (album)">
Dial M (album)

Dial M is the eleventh full-length album by California-based Indie rock band Starflyer 59. The album was released on October 28, 2008 on compact disc through Tooth & Nail Records. A vinyl record version, containing an extra song, was released by Burnt Toast Vinyl.

</doc>
<doc id="18999744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999744" title="Susan Sexton">
Susan Sexton

Shanon Sexton, better known by her stage name Susan Sexton, is a former professional wrestler. She was born in Perth, Australia on 2 February.
She was trained by Ali Musa the Turk.
Wrestling career.
Sexton went to the United States in 1975 and began working for Mildred Burke. After briefly working for Burke, she began working independent cards around the world.
Ladies Professional Wrestling Association.
Sexton joined the Ladies Professional Wrestling Association and was the first woman awarded the LPWA Singles Championship. She defended the title against numerous opponents. In 1990, World Championship Wrestling recognized Sexton (then the LPWA champion) as the World Women's Champion. Sexton defended the title against Bambi at .
She lost the title to Lady X on 31 January 1991 in Laughlin, Nevada.
Retirement.
Sexton has relocated to Los Angeles, where after a brief time as a "psychic" and a tarot card reader, she now helps train new wrestlers and also has a writing career.
Acting career.
Sexton was featured in the 1989 film American Angels- Baptism of Blood in which most of the cast were members of the now defunct Powerful Women of Wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="18999745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999745" title="Aída Román">
Aída Román

Aída Nabila Román Arroyo (born May 21, 1988 in Mexico City) is an athlete from Mexico who competes in archery.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Román finished her ranking round with a total of 646 points. This gave her the 12th seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Veronique D'Unienville in the first round, beating the archer from Mauritius with 108-97. In the second round she was too strong for Viktoriya Koval with 111-105. She lost in the third round with 105-100 against Kwon Un-Sil who would eventually became fourth after losing the bronze medal match.
2012 Summer Olympics.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Román was defeated by Ki Bo-Bae of South Korea in a shootout in the final, winning the silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18999747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999747" title="DC Comics Super Hero Collection">
DC Comics Super Hero Collection

The DC Comics Super Hero Collection is a fortnightly magazine collection by Eaglemoss Publications and DC Comics released on the 15 March 2008 in the United Kingdom. The series was launched after the success of The Classic Marvel Figurine Collection, also published by Eaglemoss. Each issue features a hand painted lead figure of a character from DC comic books as well as an informational magazine about the character. The collection consists of two regular issues a month, with a special issue released every two months to accommodate the larger characters in the DC Universe. The series has also spawned a sub-series called "The Blackest Night/Brightest Day" collection, featuring characters from the various lantern corps from the DC Universe.
The magazine series has now officially ended with 120 issues total in the main series (excluding specials, and The Blackest Night/Brightest Day sub series).
Regular Issues.
"All issues are listed in the order of release from the website."
Special Issues.
These are the specials that have been released so far.
Blackest Night/Brightest Day.
In January 2011, Eaglemoss started releasing a subset based on the acclaimed Blackest Night and Brightest Day storylines. The size and base of the figurines is the same as the regular figurines while the DC Comics logo on the base is replaced by the various Corps logos.
Awards.
The DC Super-Hero Figurine Collection won the "Magazine of the Year" award in the Diamond Gem Award 2009, 2010 & 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18999762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999762" title="Humphrys">
Humphrys

Humphrys is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18999790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999790" title="Walkin' the Strings">
Walkin' the Strings

"Walkin' the Strings" was the first solo acoustic guitar album by Merle Travis, released in 1960 but recorded in the late 1940s and early 1950s, when Travis was at the peak of his performing abilities. It is widely regarded as one of Travis's finest musical achievements.
History.
Travis began playing solo guitar numbers on his radio shows as early as the late 1930s, but it was only in the mid-1940s that Travis began using his Martin D-28 acoustic guitar to record various vocals and instrumental numbers for Capitol's Electrical Transcriptions series. These recordings were originally intended for radio broadcast. Capitol's A & R executive, Lee Gillette, wanted instrumentals of varying lengths and would ask Travis to play something for a specific amount of time, typically quite short; the shortest of the numbers included on this album, "Travis Trot", lasts just 29 seconds. (The vocal numbers were of standard length.) The instrumentals could thus be used as fillers and breaks between program segments. The performances were unrehearsed, and it was said that Travis could start and stop anywhere he chose in order to meet the time constraints.
Keeping his eye on the clock as he played, Travis drew on his rich repertoire of Muhlenberg County guitar licks, blues, old standards and gospel songs. Some songs were untitled when they were recorded and were only given titles by Capitol later. These songs were still lying in the vaults when Travis' fame as a guitarist began to reach a wider public in the 1950s. Following an initial instrumental album played on electric guitar, "The Merle Travis Guitar" (Capitol 1956), the radio transcriptions were collected and published as the present LP album in 1960 (the cover bizarrely shows Travis in Country and Western gear holding his custom-built Gibson "electric" guitar, rather than the Martin acoustic he actually used in these recordings). Rich Kienzle recounts the following anecdote: "Shortly after the album's original release, a fan asked Merle who was performing at a small club to play "Pigmeat Stomp". Travis was surprised, having never heard the title, not realizing that it was one that Capitol had assigned. The fan insisted he had it on a record. Only when he showed Merle a copy of "Walkin' the Strings", an LP he'd never seen, did Merle realize that these were the transcriptions he'd recorded a decade ago."
Most of the numbers on this album, including "Saturday Night Shuffle", "Blue Bell", "Cane Break Blues", "Cannonball Stomp" (better known as "Cannonball Rag"), and the title song, have come to be regarded as classic examples of so-called Travis picking. In his liner notes to the 1996 reissue on CD, Chet Atkins states: "This collection is just the very best you will ever hear of Merle Travis."
Track listing.
All songs are credited to Merle Travis except as indicated

</doc>
<doc id="18999796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999796" title="Captain George Anderson House">
Captain George Anderson House

The Captain George Anderson House, also called the Octagonal House, is a historic octagon house now located at 6 King Street in Sackville, New Brunswick. It was built in 1855 by Captain George Anderson, a mariner and shipbuilder. It was later deeded to his father, Captain Titus Anderson and stayed in the Anderson family until 1901. It was used for many years by a foundry company as a storage facility, but was kept in good repair. In the late 1980s it was bought by the Town of Sackville which restored it and moved it to its present location. In June 1989 it became the Sackville Visitor Information Centre. In 1999 the town designated it a local heritage site. Since 2007 the Octagonal House has been home to the Sackville Citizens Band and the Tantramar Adult Learning Center.
In June 2012, there were plans to move the house next to the Boultenhouse Heritage Centre in Sackville.

</doc>
<doc id="18999797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999797" title="Enid Scudamore-Stanhope, Countess of Chesterfield">
Enid Scudamore-Stanhope, Countess of Chesterfield

Enid Edith Scudamore-Stanhope, Countess of Chesterfield (10 September 187830 November 1957) was a British heiress and racehorse breeder. Born at Marske Hall in Yorkshire, she was the fourth child of Charles Henry Wilson, 1st Baron Nunburnholme, and Florence Jane Helen Wellesley, daughter of Col. William Wellesley and great-niece to Arthur, Duke of Wellington.
On 15 February 1900, at the age of 21, she married Edwyn Francis Scudamore-Stanhope, 10th Earl of Chesterfield, an eligible bachelor more than twice her age. They lived at Beningbrough Hall in Yorkshire, a property which her father bought for the couple as a belated wedding present. In the early 1920s Lady Chesterfield set up a stud farm at Beningbrough Hall and bred thoroughbred racehorses, one of which called Sun Castle won the 1941 St Leger Stakes. She was the last person to live at Beningbrough Hall where she was from 1917 until her death in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="18999807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999807" title="Krasimir Zafirov">
Krasimir Zafirov

Krasimir Zafirov () (born 20 May 1950 in Byala) is a retired Bulgarian football player and now coach of FC Chernomorets Byala. Zafirov was a goalkeeper. He played with PFC Spartak Varna and earned 461 caps. For the Bulgaria national football team Zafirov featured in 3 games.

</doc>
<doc id="18999808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999808" title="Adolph I, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen">
Adolph I, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen

Adolph I, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen (died Zerbst, 28 August 1473), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Köthen.
He was the eldest son of Albert IV, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen, by his first wife Elisabeth, daughter of Gebhard III, Count of Mansfeld.
Life.
After the death of his father in 1423, Adolph succeeded him in Anhalt-Köthen with his second brother Waldemar V as co-ruler; their younger half-brother Albert VI, still a minor, was bypassed. After the death of Waldemar in 1436, Adolph became the sole ruler of the principality as "Lord of Köthen."
All three of Adolph's surviving sons entered the priesthood; after them, the only remaining heirs to the principality were Adolph's half-brother Albert VI and Albert's son Philip. Since it appeared as though Adolph's family line would die out in the next generation, he drew up a succession contract with his cousin George I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, in 1471. Under the terms of this contract, George I would inherit half of Anhalt-Köthen as "Mitherr" (co-ruler) and the other half would be given to the long-excluded Albert VI. Shortly after, George renounced his rights in favor of his oldest son Waldemar, who became co-ruler with Adolph as Waldemar VI until Adolph's death in 1473.
Thirty-five years later, in 1508, the only two surviving males of the family, Magnus and Adolph, formally renounced their rights over the principality with the result that the Anhalt-Köthen line became extinct.
Marriage and issue.
In Ruppin on 2 November 1442 Adolph married Cordula (died 1 June 1508), daughter of Albert III, Count of Lindau-Ruppin. They had seven children:

</doc>
<doc id="18999810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999810" title="Leon Schorr">
Leon Schorr

León Schorr (? – ?) a Venezuelan chess master.
He tied for 6-7th at Caracas 1960 (blitz tournament, Antonio Medina won ahead of Bobby Fischer), and won "Torneo Día de Galicia" in 1961.
Schorr played for Venezuela and won gold medal in the 2nd Central American and Caribbean Team Chess Championship at Caracas 1964, and bronze team medal in the 9th CACAC Team-ch at Guatemala 1971. He also represented Venezuela in Chess Olympiads at Tel Aviv 1964, Havana 1966, Lugano 1968, and Haifa 1976.
In 2001, he played in Boston US-Open.

</doc>
<doc id="18999833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999833" title="Northern Yatsugatake Volcanic Group">
Northern Yatsugatake Volcanic Group

Description.
The Northern Yatsugatake Volcanic Group is part of the Yatsugatake Mountains. The northern group is defined as the mountains from Mount Futago to Natsuzawa Pass. The highest peak of the mountains is Mount Tengu and the elevation is 2,646 metres.
The southern Yatsugatake mountains are steep and have alpine characteristics. The mountains of the Northern Yatsugatake Volcanic Group are gentler and lower.
Yatsugatake is listed among the 100 famous mountains in Japan, but this refers to the Southern Yatsugatake Volcanic Group. Mount Tateshina is also mentioned as one of the 100 famous mountains, and it is part of the Northern Yatsugatake mountains, but is listed separately.
These mountains are part of the Yatsugatake-Chūshin Kōgen Quasi-National Park.
Geology and volcanic activity.
The volcanoes are stratovolcanos that are 1 million to 200,000 years old. The rock is mainly basalt, dacite, and andesite. Mount Yoko has shown the most recent activity and is now considered an active volcano. It last erupted about 800 years ago. In 888 a debris avalanche on the East side of the volcanic massif caused Lake Matsubara to form. The Tateshina-kogen plateau was formed by a large lava flow.
List of peaks.
The following peaks, from North to South, make up the Northern Yatsugatake Volcanic Group:

</doc>
<doc id="18999849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999849" title="Goat people">
Goat people

Goat people are a class of mythological beings who physically resembled humans from the waist up, and had the hind legs of goats for legs. They fall into various categories, such as sprites, gods, demons, and demigods.

</doc>
<doc id="18999856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999856" title="Francis Humphrys">
Francis Humphrys

Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Francis Humphrys GCMG GCVO KBE CIE 
(24 April 1879 – 28 August 1971) was a British cricketer, colonial administrator and diplomat.
Early Life and Cricket.
Francis Henry Humphrys was born in Shropshire, at Beatrice Street, Oswestry, where his father was assistant master at Oswestry School. He was educated at Shrewsbury School, where he was captain of cricket and head of the school, and Christ Church, Oxford, where he played first-class cricket for Oxford University. His first-class debut came against the touring Australians in 1899. He played 3 further first-class matches in 1900, the last coming against Sussex. In his 4 first-class matches, he took 13 wickets at a bowling average of 19.46, with best figures of 4/16. While at school, and later, he also played Minor Counties Championship cricket for Wiltshire.
Career.
After graduating from Oxford in 1900, Humphrys joined the Worcestershire Regiment and served in the Second Boer War. After the war he transferred to the Indian Army, was seconded to the Political Service and spent most of this part of his career in the North-West Frontier Province, although in 1918, towards the end of World War I he returned to Europe and served with a temporary commission in the newly formed Royal Air Force. In 1919 he returned to India, first as a political agent and then, in 1921, as deputy Foreign Secretary in the Government of India. 
Following the Anglo-Afghan "Treaty of Kabul" of 22 November 1921, in early 1922 Humphrys was appointed the first British Minister to the Amir of Afghanistan, Amānullāh Khān.
In November 1928 a rebellion began in Jalalabad and tribal forces marched on Kabul, and in early 1929 Humphrys supervised the evacuation by air of several hundred Europeans in what became known as the Kabul Airlift. In the House of Commons on 4 February the Foreign Secretary, Austen Chamberlain, commended both Humphrys and his wife for their 'courage and fortitude'. In the King's Birthday Honours of that year Humphrys was given the additional knighthood of KCMG and Lady Humphrys was made DBE.
Later in 1929 Humphrys was appointed to be High Commissioner in the Kingdom of Iraq, 
then under British administration. Following the Anglo-Iraqi Treaty (1930), which Humphrys signed for the United Kingdom, on 3 October 1932 Iraq became an independent kingdom and Humphrys became the first British Ambassador to Iraq.
In 1935 Humphrys retired from the diplomatic service and was appointed chairman of a Sugar Tribunal which resulted in the creation of the British Sugar Corporation, of which he was chairman from its formation in 1936 until 1949. He was also director of several other companies and was chairman of Iraq Petroleum Company 1941–50.
Family.
In 1907 Francis Humphrys married Gertrude Mary Deane, known as "Gertie", elder daughter of Sir Harold Deane, Chief Commissioner of the North-West Frontier Province. They had a son and two daughters.
He died at a nursing home at Hamstead Marshall near Newbury, Berkshire in 1971, aged ninety-two. Lady Humphrys died in 1973.
Honours.
Francis Humphrys was knighted KBE in the King's Birthday Honours of 1924, awarded the additional honours of GCVO in 1928 and KCMG in 1929, and promoted GCMG in the New Year Honours of 1932. Amānullāh Khān made him a member of the "Nishan-i-Sardari" (Order of the Leader), with the title of "Sardar-i-ala", in 1928; the King of Iraq awarded him the Grand Cordon of the "Wisam al-Rafidain" (Order of the Two Rivers) in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="18999880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999880" title="Waggonfabrik Rastatt">
Waggonfabrik Rastatt

Waggonfabrik Rastatt ('Rastatt Coach Factory') was a public limited company ("Aktiengesellschaft" or "AG") based in Rastatt in the state of Baden-Württemberg in southwestern Germany. Its chief products were tramway vehicles and railway coaches and wagons. The firm was founded in 1897 and built, for example, tramways for the Upper Rhine Railway Company ("Oberrheinische Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft" or "OEG"), Karlsruhe Transport Company ("Verkehrsbetriebe Karlsruhe GmbH") and Stuttgart Tramways ("Stuttgarter Straßenbahnen AG"). It the early days it also built rolling stock for the Grand Duchy of Baden State Railways.
After the acquisition of the majority of shares by Bauknecht the coach factory in 1971 was converted into a limited liability company ("GmbH") and its production was refocussed on the repair and conversion of wagons. After several name changes and takeovers, not least due to the bankruptcy of Bauknecht, it finally became the 'BWR Wagon Repair Company' ("BWR Waggonreparatur GmbH").

</doc>
<doc id="18999885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999885" title="Clark Airport (disambiguation)">
Clark Airport (disambiguation)

Clark Airport may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18999888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999888" title="Definitions of Tibet">
Definitions of Tibet

Tibet, a historical plateau region in Central Asia, is today mostly under the sovereignty of the People's Republic of China and administered as the Tibet Autonomous Region. However, the term "Tibet" is subject to many definitions and controversy over its function and territorial claims.
Names.
Names for "Tibet" range from the Standard Tibetan endonym "Bod" to exonyms such as Mandarin "Tǔbō" or "Tǔfān" 吐蕃 and English language "Tibet".
In Tibetan.
The Standard or Central Tibetan endonym "Bod" "Tibet" () is pronounced , transliterated "Bhö" or "Phö".
Rolf Stein explains,
The name Tibetans give their country, "Bod" (now pronounced Pö in the Central dialect, as we have seen), was closely rendered and preserved by their Indian neighbours to the south, as Bhoṭa, Bhauṭa or Bauṭa. It has even been suggested that this name is to be found in Ptolemy and the "Periplus Maris Erythraei", a first-century Greek narrative, where the river Bautisos and a people called the Bautai are mentioned in connexion with a region of Central Asia. But we have no knowledge of the existence of Tibetans at that time. 
Christopher Beckwith agrees that Ptolemy's geographic reference to the "Bautai – i.e., the "Bauts"" was "the first mention in either Western or Eastern historical sources of the native ethnonym of Tibet". He compares the 4th-century historian Ammianus Marcellinus describing the Bautai living "on the slopes of high mountains to the south" of Serica with contemporaneous Chinese sources recording a Qiang people called the Fa , anciently "pronounced something like Puat" and "undoubtedly intended to represent Baut, the name that became pronounced by seventh-century Tibetans as Bod (and now, in the modern Lhasa dialect, rather like the French "peu").
Bod originally named the Central Tibetan region Ü-Tsang or Dbus-gtsang.
This first mention of the name Bod, the usual name for Tibet in the later Tibetan historical sources, is significant in that it is used to refer to a conquered region. In other words, the ancient name Bod originally referred only to a part of the Tibetan Plateau, a part which, together with Rtsaṅ (Tsang, in Tibetan now spelled Gtsaṅ), has come to be called Dbus-gtsaṅ (Central Tibet). 
In Chinese.
Chinese language names for "Tibet" include ancient "Tubo" () or "Tufan" () and modern "Xizang" (), which now specifies the "Tibet Autonomous Region".
Tubo or Tufan "Tibet" is first recorded in the (945 CE) "Book of Tang" describing the Tibetan King Namri Songtsen ("Gnam-ri-slon-rtsan") sent two emissaries to Emperor Yang of Sui in 608 and 609.
This ancient "Tubo/Tufan" transliteration of "Tibet" is written with four variant Chinese characters: "tǔ" "earth; soil; land" or "tǔ" "spit out; vomit" and "fān" "times, occurrences; foreign" (anciently pronounced "bō" 番 "bold; martial") or "fān" "hedge, screen; frontier; foreign country" (usually pronounced "fán" 蕃 "luxuriant; flourishing"). The latter two "fān" Chinese characters are used interchangeably for "foreign" words, e.g., "fānqié" 番茄 or 蕃茄 (lit. "foreign eggplant") "tomato". "Fán" is sometimes translated as "barbarian" meaning "non-Chinese; foreign".
Contemporary Chinese dictionaries disagree whether 吐蕃 "Tibet" is pronounced "Tǔbō" or "Tǔfān" – a question complicated by the homophonous slur "tǔfān" 土番 (lit. "dirt barbarians", possibly "agricultural barbarians") "barbarians; natives; aborigines". The "Hanyu Da Cidian" cites the first recorded Chinese usages of "Tǔfān" 土番 "ancient name for Tibet" in the 7th century (Li Tai 李泰) and "tǔfān" 土番 "natives (derogatory)" in the 19th century (Bi Fucheng 薜福成). Sinological linguists are engaged in ongoing debates whether 吐蕃 is "properly" pronounced "Tubo" or "Tufan". For example, "Sino-Platonic Papers" has been the venue for disputation among Victor H. Mair, Edwin G. Pulleyblank, and W. South Coblin .
The Chinese neologism "Tǔbó" 圖博 (written with "tǔ" "drawing; map" and "bó" "abundant; plentiful") avoids the problematic "Tǔfān" pronunciation, and is used by authorities such as the Central Tibetan Administration.
Stein discusses the "fan" pronunciation of "Tibet".
The Chinese, well informed on the Tibetans as they were from the seventh century onwards, rendered Bod as Fan (at that time pronounced something like B'i̭wan). Was this because the Tibetans sometimes said 'Bon' instead of 'Bod', or because 'fan' in Chinese was a common term for 'barbarians'? We do not know. But before long, on the testimony of a Tibetan ambassador, the Chinese started using the form T'u-fan, by assimilation with the name of the T'u-fa, a Turco-Mongol race, who must originally have been called something like Tuppat. At the same period, Turkish and Sogdian texts mention a people called 'Tüpüt', situated roughly in the north-east of modern Tibet. This is the form that Moslem writers have used since the ninth century (Tübbet, Tibbat, etc.). Through them it reached the medieval European explorers (Piano-Carpini, Rubruck, Marco Polo, Francesco della Penna). 
This "Fan" 蕃 pronunciation of ""B'i̭wan"" illustrates the difference between modern Chinese pronunciation and the Middle Chinese spoken during the Sui Dynasty (581-618 CE) and Tang Dynasty (618-907 CE) period when "Tibet" was first recorded. Reconstructed Middle Chinese pronunciations of "Tǔbō" and "Tǔfān" "Tibet" are: "t'uopuâ" and "t'uop'i̭wɐn" (Bernhard Karlgren), "thwopwâ" and "thwobjwɐn" (Axel Schuessler), "tʰɔ'pa" and "tʰɔ'puan" (Edwin G. Pulleyblank "Early Middle"), or "thuXpat" and "thuXpjon" (William H. Baxter) 
Xizang 西藏 is the present-day Chinese name for "Tibet". This compound of "xi" "west" and "zàng" "storage place; treasure vault; (Buddhist/Daoist) canon (e.g., "Daozang")" is a phonetic transliteration of "Ü-Tsang", the traditional province in western and central Tibet. 
"Zang" 藏 was used to transcribe the "Tsang" people as early as the Yuan Dynasty (1279-1368 CE), and "Xizang" was coined under the Qing Dynasty Jiaqing Emperor (r. 1796-1820 CE). "Zang" abbreviates "Tibet" in words such as "Zàngwén" 藏文 "Tibetan language" and "Zàngzú" 藏族 "Tibetan people".
The People's Republic of China government equates "Xīzàng" with the "Xīzàng Zìzhìqū" 西藏自治区 "Tibet Autonomous Region, TAR". The English borrowing "Xizang" from Chinese can be used to differentiate the modern "TAR" from the historical "Tibet". 
In English.
The English word "Tibet" was spelled "Thibet" when first recorded in 1827. Etymologists generally agree that "Tibet" names in European languages are loanwords from Arabic "Tibat" or "Tobatt" and Persian "Tubbat" – yet they disagree whether the ultimate source word was Tibetan, Turkic, Chinese, or something else (e.g., Stein's above reference to the "Tüpüt" people northeast of Tibet).
The primary etymology is Tibetan "Stod-bod" (pronounced "Tö-bhöt") "High/Upper Tibet" from the autonym "Bod". Andreas Gruschke's study of the Tibetan Amdo Province says,
At the beginning of the Tang dynasty's rule of China, Tibetans were called Tubo, a term that seems to be derived from "tu phod" or "stod pod" (upper Tibet). The archaic Tibetan dialects of Amdo have retained the articulation of the medieval Tibetan language; as such the pronunciation is "Töwöd", as in Mongolian tongue. Thus, the term was handed down as "Tübüt" in Turkish diction, "Tibbat" in Arabic and passed on as "Tibet" in Western languages.
The second "Tibet" etymology is Turkic word "Töbäd" "the heights" (plural of "Töbän"). Wolfgang Behr cites a French-language article that the four variant 土/吐-番/蕃 characters used to write "Tu-fan/bo" (Middle Chinese *Tʰɔʰ-buan < Old Chinese *Thaˤ-pjan) "Tibet" suggest "a purely phonetic transcription" of an underlying *"Töpün" "The Heights, Peaks" "Tibet" etymology from Old Turkish "töpä/töpü" "peak; height". He further hypothesizes that the final "-t" in "Tibet" names derives from "an Altaic collective plural which results in *Töpät, thus perfectly matching Turkish Töpüt 'Tibet'", which is attested in the Old Turkic Orkhon inscriptions. 
The third etymology is Chinese "Tǔbō" or "Tǔfān" "Tibet". This linguistic premise hinges upon Modern "Tǔbō" having a Middle Chinese "-t" final, e.g., Eric Partridge's hypothetical "Tu-pat", which few historical linguists reconstruct.
In Puranic literature Tibet is mentioned as 'thrivishtapam' meaning the seat of Brahma, Vishnu, and Shiva. The ruler is called 'Indra'. Descriptions in Indian scriptures mention various aspects of life in heaven, namely Thibet.
Geographical definitions.
When the PRC government and some Tibetologists refer to Tibet, it means the areas covering Ü-Tsang and Western Kham, which became present-day the Tibet Autonomous Region, a provincial-level entity of the People's Republic. This definition excludes the former domains of the Dalai Lamas in Amdo and eastern Kham which are part of Qinghai, Gansu, Yunnan, and Sichuan.
When the Government of Tibet in Exile and the Tibetan refugee community abroad refer to Tibet, they mean the areas consisting of the traditional provinces of Amdo, Kham, and Ü-Tsang.
The difference in definition is a major source of dispute. The distribution of Amdo and eastern Kham into surrounding provinces was initiated by the Yongzheng Emperor during the 18th century and has been continuously maintained by successive Chinese governments.
Western scholars such as anthropologist Melvyn Goldstein exclude Amdo and Kham from political Tibet:
A modern nation-state usually has clearly defined borders at which one government's authority ceases and that of another begins. In centuries past, the Tibetan and Chinese governments had strong centers from which their power radiated, and weakened with distance from the capital. Inhabitants of border regions often considered themselves independent of both. Actual control exercised over these areas shifted in favor of one government or the other over the course of time. This history is conducive to ambiguity as to what areas belonged to Tibet, or to China, or to neither, at various times.
Rob Gifford, a National Public Radio journalist, said that in 2007, the region sometimes known as "ethnographic Tibet," which includes sections of Gansu, Qinghai, and Sichuan that surround the TAR, has greater religious freedoms than the TAR since the authorities in Beijing do not perceive the Tibetan populations in the areas as having the likelihood to strive for political independence.
In spite of the changing nature of the recognised borders between the two countries over the centuries, and arguments about their positions (something common to many modern states as well), there were serious attempts from very early times to delineate the borders clearly to avoid conflict. One of the earliest such attempts was promulgated in the Sino-Tibetan treaty which was agreed on in 821/822 under the Tibetan emperor Ralpacan. It established peace for more than two decades. A bilingual account of this treaty is inscribed on a stone pillar which stands outside the Jokhang temple in Lhasa. Here is the main core of this remarkable agreement:
In more recent times the border between China and Tibet was recognised to be near the town of Batang, which marked the furthest point of Tibetan rule on the route to Chengdu: 
Spencer Chapman gives a similar, but more detailed, account of this border agreement:
Mr. A. Hosie, the British Consul at Chengdu, made a quick trip from Batang to the Tibetan border escorted by Chinese authorities, in September 1904, on the promise that he would not even put a foot over the border into Tibet. He describes the border marker as being a 3½ day journey (about 50 miles or 80 km) to the south and slightly west of Batang. It was a "well-worn, four-sided pillar of sandstone, about 3 feet in height, each side measuring some 18 inches. There was no inscription on the stone, and when unthinkingly I made a movement to look for writing on the Tibetan side, the Chinese officials at once stepped in front of me and barred the road to Tibet. Looking into Tibet the eye met a sea of grass-covered treeless hills. And from the valley at the foot of the Ningching Shan separate the valleys of the upper Mekong from that of the Jinsha or upper Yangtse rose smoke from the camp fires of 400 Tibetan troops charged with the protection of the frontier. There was no time to make any prolonged inspection, for the Chinese authorities were anxious for me to leave as soon as possible."
André Migot, a French doctor and explorer, who travelled for many months in Tibet in 1947, stated: 
Migot, discussing the history of Chinese control of Tibet, states that it was not until the end of the 17th century that:

</doc>
<doc id="18999890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999890" title="Coshocton County Courthouse">
Coshocton County Courthouse

The Coshocton County Courthouse, designed in Second Empire style, is a historic courthouse building located at 349 Main Street in Coshocton, Ohio. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1973-05-22.
History.
Coshocton County was established in 1811 with the county seat placed at Coshocton. The courts first met in Colonel Charles Williams Tavern and paid the owner $300 a year for rent. The county found this amount to large for the budget and instead turned to another location, a building owned by Wilson McGowan. The courts remained in this location until 1824, when an actual courthouse was built.
The courthouse was located in the central business district on a landscaped public square, which is still the current site. The building cost almost $2,000 to construct and furnish and was two-stories tall. A central belltower crowned the building and contained a bell that would also be used in the next courthouse.
The 1824 courthouse was showing its age and use by a growing population. The county officials were soon looking for plans for a new courthouse. These plans were drawn up by the architectural firm of Carpenter & Williams from Meadville, Pennsylvania in the Second Empire style with some Italianate touches. The final cost was $100,000 but has remained virtually unchanged since it was finished in 1875.
Exterior.
The courthouse is constructed of red brick with stone quoins. The main building is a rectangular base with a projected bay with a central projected tower. The first floor windows are long rectangles with decorative mouldings and the second floor windows are long arched windows. The mansard roof rests on a decorative entablature with dormers and white trim.
The tower contains the entrance reached by a flight of steps. The windows reaching to the top are two sets of arched windows with decorative recessed bays with the top window being palladian style. The mansard roof of the tower contains a pair of arched windows, a clock rests above each pair of windows and was once housed in the original courthouse. The top of the tower is capped by a balcony with wrought-iron railing.

</doc>
<doc id="18999920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999920" title="Mandamus (disambiguation)">
Mandamus (disambiguation)

Mandamus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18999923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999923" title="Jeanie Beadle">
Jeanie Beadle

Jeanie Beadle Staples (born April 21, 1958) is an American gymnast. She was on multiple National teams and excelled in Collegiate gymnastics while at Louisiana State University (LSU) as both a National Champion and All-American.
Personal life.
Beadle was born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, to Burt and Marion Beadle, an engineer. She now lives in Branson, Missouri where she teaches gymnastics. She is married to minister Joey Staples, with a daughter and son.
Gymnastics career.
Jeanie Beadle grew up in Baton Rouge, where she began gymnastics at the local YMCA. She won the YMCA Nationals in 1973 and in 1976 was named an alternate for the U.S. Olympic Team. She was also an alternate for the 1975 Pan American Games Team and the 1978 World University Games Team. She went to Louisiana State University where she competed and was All American for 3 years. She was the first All-American women in LSU gymnastics history. She was the National Beam Champion in 1977 and became the first women LSU National Champion in any sport. She was inducted into the LSU Hall of Fame in 2001 and sits on the Board.
Post-Olympic career.
With her sights set on the 1980 Olympic team, Beadle's career ended in her junior year in college when she severely injured her knee at a meet in Auburn, Alabama in 1979. She has since been teaching and coaching gymnastics for 25 years at different clubs and at different levels at her home in Branson Missouri. "I love kids and enjoy watching them get excited about learning new skills. I consider it a joy to share the gift that God has given me," Jeanie says.

</doc>
<doc id="18999926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999926" title="Union of Cambodian Democrats">
Union of Cambodian Democrats

The Union of Cambodian Democrats was a political alliance in Cambodia, which was formed by three political parties, one of them being the Khmer Nation Party of Sam Rainsy, Prince Norodom Ranariddh was involved as well. These three political parties called their umbrella group the "Union of Cambodian Democrats". It was created in exile in 1997 after a coup d'etat. The leaders of three political parties which united their leadership and political parties together to create the Union of Cambodian Democrats were Sam Rainsy's Sam Rainsy Party, Son Sann's Buddhist Liberal Democratic Party (now led by Son Soubert) and also prince Norodom Ranariddh's FUNCINPEC party. However from the late 90's onwards a new political party,the Bou Hel and Ty Chhin's Khmer Neutral Party, became part of the alliance .
Its goals are democracy, peace and sovereignty of what they consider as being the territories of Cambodia.

</doc>
<doc id="18999930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999930" title="La Biographie de Luka Philipsen">
La Biographie de Luka Philipsen

La Biographie de Luka Philipsen is Keren Ann’s first album. The name "Luka Philipsen" is derived from Suzanne Vega's song "Luka" and Keren Ann's grandmother's last name.

</doc>
<doc id="18999942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999942" title="Harold Stafford">
Harold Stafford

Harold Edwin Stafford (20 April 1921 – 18 January 2005) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Fredericton, New Brunswick and became a lawyer by career.
After two defeats at the Elgin riding in the 1962 and 1963 federal elections, Stafford was elected there in the 1965 election and re-elected in 1968. After serving two terms, the 27th and 28th Canadian Parliaments, Stafford was defeated in the 1972 election by John Wise of the Progressive Conservative party.

</doc>
<doc id="18999950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999950" title="Karolina Widerström">
Karolina Widerström

Karolina Olivia Widerström, (10 December 1856 in Helsingborg – 4 March 1949), was a Swedish doctor and gynecologist. She was the first official female physician with a university education in her country. She was also a feminist and a politician, and engaged in the questions of sexual education and female suffrage. She was chairman of the Swedish Society for Woman Suffrage and a member of the Stockholm city council.
Women were officially admitted to the universities in Sweden in 1870. In 1873–1875, Karolina Widerström was a student at Gymnastiska centralinstitutet, and in 1875–1877, she was the assistant to Professor Branting. She was also active as a medical gymnast. In 1879, she received her exam at Wallinska skolan and in 1880 her exam in medical philosophy at the university at Uppsala. In May 1884, she received her medical exam at Karolinska institutet in Stockholm.
Widerström wanted women and girls to know more about their own bodies, to dress more healthily, and to receive the same rights and possibilities as men. She was especially active within gynecology and women's health. Her best-known work within her field was "Kvinnohygien" (Women's hygiene), which was first published in 1899, and reprinted in seven editions until 1932.
Karolina Widström was elected to the Stockholm city council in 1912 for the liberals, where she served until 1915. She was chairman of the Swedish Society for Woman Suffrage in 1918–1921, one year before the women suffrage was granted in Sweden, and became its last chairman when the organisation was dissolved in 1921, when both genders exercised the right to vote.

</doc>
<doc id="18999963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999963" title="Vincent Price filmography">
Vincent Price filmography

This is a filmography of Vincent Price, which includes appearances in theatre and television. Price made his theatre debut in the Gate Theatre's 1935 production of "Chicago", followed by work on Broadway. Under contract to Universal, Price traveled to Hollywood, making his screen debut in 1938's "Service de Luxe". By the 1960s, Vincent Price was working almost exclusively in the horror genre and teen film genres. Price's final film was "Edward Scissorhands" (1990) which was his last screen appearance. Price died in Los Angeles on October 25, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18999969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999969" title="IWRG Intercontinental Heavyweight Championship">
IWRG Intercontinental Heavyweight Championship

The IWRG Intercontinental Heavyweight Championship ("Campeon Intercontinental Peso Completo IWRG" in Spanish) is a singles Championship in the Mexican lucha libre (Professional wrestling) promotion International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG) and was introduced in 1997. It has since been defended throughout Mexico, primarily in Naucalpan, but also in Japan as well. As the Championship is designated as a heavyweight title, it can only officially be competed for by wrestlers weighing at least . Being a professional wrestling championship, it is not won legitimately: it is instead won via a scripted ending to a match or awarded to a wrestler because of a storyline.
The current champion is Vampiro Canadiense, who defeated previous champion Cien Caras, Jr. to win the championship on January 26, 2014. The first holder of the IWRG Intercontinental Heavyweight Championship was Pierroth, Jr. who won the title on September 28, 1997 defeating Black Magic in the finals of an eight-man tournament. There have been fifteen recognized champions, combining for nineteen total reigns.

</doc>
<doc id="18999976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999976" title="Clark Field (disambiguation)">
Clark Field (disambiguation)

Clark Field may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18999978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999978" title="Andaman Islands Expedition">
Andaman Islands Expedition

The Andaman Islands Expedition was a British expedition to the Andaman Islands in the Bay of Bengal, India. For actions during the expedition, five soldiers of the 24th Regiment of Foot were awarded Victoria Crosses. David Bell, James Cooper, Campbell Mellis Douglas, Thomas Murphy and William Griffiths risked their lives in manning a boat and proceeding through dangerous surf to rescue some of their comrades who had been sent to the island in order to locate the commander and seven of the crew from the ship "Assam Valley." They were feared murdered by the "cannibalistic islanders"; the Onge adivasi tribesmen.
Initial expedition.
The British in India had largely ignored the island of Little Andaman before 1867. On 21 March 1867 the captain and seven crew of the "Assam Valley" went ashore for wood and were seen to get over the reef at the Southern tip of the island by the "Assam Valley." They brought their boat ashore and went into the jungle. After not being seen for two days, the "Assam Valley" sailed to Rangoon to report the event. This occurrence is termed the "Assam Valley Incident" and became the precursor event to the skirmishes that are sometimes referred to as the Onge Wars, in which dozens of Onge were killed. A ship was sent to Little Andaman but it returned without any success other than to report a piece of clothing, possibly a sailors cap, on the beach.
A few days later, the "Kwang Tung," the station ship of Port Blair was sent with the British Officer in Charge of the Andamanese, Mr. Homfray; along with some local people to show the friendly intentions of the crew. This did not work as the party were attacked by the native Onge people on arrival and were forced to retreat to their boats under covering fire. The missing men were not located and this expedition was deemed a failure and so a larger expedition with a small military contingent was sent. This party, again on the "Kwang Tung" arrived on 6 May 1867, seven weeks after the initial disappearance. Three boats were sent ashore, all coming under fire from the Onge. A skull, believed to be from the initial party was found in the jungle, while four bodies were found decomposed on the beach. Although the Onge attempted to lure the landing party into the jungle, the soldiers stayed on the beach returning fire. When ammunition became low, the rescue boat was signalled, but capsized on its way in, drowning a Lieutenant.
Rescue.
Attempts to leave the island were thwarted by heavy surf and a lack of equipment. Two hundred Onge attempted to launch an attack but they were repelled by the freshly resupplied soldiers; the ammunition coming on a capsized rescue boat. Eventually, a boat from the "Assam Valley" arrived with David Bell, James Cooper, Campbell Mellis Douglas, Thomas Murphy and William Griffiths on board. All of the party was rescued and returned to the "Kwang Tung."
Victoria Cross citation.
The citation was gazetted on 17 December 1867:
"THE Queen has been graciously pleased to signify Her intention to confer the decoration of the Victoria Cross on the undermentioned Officer and Private Soldiers of Her Majesty's Army, whose claims to the same have been submitted for Her Majesty's approval, for their gallant conduct at the Little Andaman Island, as recorded against their names, viz. :—"
2nd Battalion, 24th Regiment: Assistant-Surgeon Campbell Millis Douglas, M.D, Private Thomas Murphy, Private James Cooper, Private David Bell, Private William Griffiths.
For the very gallant and daring manner in which, on the 7th of May, 1867, they risked their lives in manning a boat and proceeding through a dangerous surf to the rescue of some of their comrades, who formed part of an expedition which had been sent to the Island of Little Andaman, by order of the Chief Commissioner of British Burmah, with the view of ascertaining the fate of the Commander and seven of the crew of the ship " Assam Valley," who had landed there, and were supposed to have been murdered by the
natives.
The officer who commanded the troops on the occasion reports : About an hour later in the day Dr. Douglas, 2nd Battalion, 24th
."Regiment, and the four Privates referred" to, gallantly manning the second gig, made their way through the surf almost to the shore, but finding their boat was half filled with water, they retired. A second attempt made by Dr. Douglas and party proved successful, five of us being safely passed through the surf to the boats outside. A third and last trip got the whole of the party left on shore safe to the boats. It is stated that Dr. Douglas accomplished these trips through the surf to the shore by no ordinary exertion. He stood in the bows of the boat, and worked her in an intrepid and seamanlike manner, cool to a degree, as
if what he was then doing was an ordinary act of every-day life. The four Privates behaved in an equally cool and collected manner, rowing through the roughest surf when the slightest hesitation or want of pluck on the part of any one of them would have been
attended by the gravest results. It is reported that seventeen officers and men were thus saved from what must otherwise have been a fearful risk, if not certainty of death.

</doc>
<doc id="18999995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999995" title="Michael McDonald discography">
Michael McDonald discography

Following is a discography for the major solo works of American singer '"Michael McDonald.
Singles.
Guest singles.
In 2009, Michael McDonald, along with West Angeles COGIC Mass, released the song “Storm Before The Calm” on the compilation album "".

</doc>
<doc id="18999999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18999999" title="Westover, Alabama">
Westover, Alabama

Westover is a city in Shelby County, Alabama, United States. It was officially incorporated on January 31, 2001 although it was established in 1901 and had a population of 961 when it was incoporporated in 2001.
Westover is located along the busy U.S. Highway 280 corridor in the northeastern quadrant of Shelby County. It is approximately 12 miles south of Birmingham and is part of the Birmingham–Hoover Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The City of Westover has experienced significant growth over the last few years. The newest residential subdivisions in the City of Westover include Chelsea Square, Carden Crest, The Villages of Westover, Willow Oaks and Yellowleaf Farms. Over seventy-five percent on the property in the City is owned by residential and or commercial developers.
Pine Mountain Preserve, the largest development of its kind ever built in the State of Alabama, is an Eddleman Properties development which has been announced. It is on 6,500 acres of property in the City of Westover including a "Town Center". The "Town Center" includes parks, City development sites (City Hall, Library, Fire Stations, etc.), multiple school sites and commercial.
The Shelby County School system covers the City of Westover as well as several area private schools. The majority of the City of Westover is in the Chelsea School zone of the Shelby County School system. The City of Westover has been working to secure school sites since 2004 and recently announced it has facilitated a site for a new middle school (or other appropriate school) within the Shelby County Board of Education identified high priority Chelsea Area School Zone of which the City of Westover is a part. The City of Westover policy of securing school sites is a result of the Comprehensive Plan of the City of Westover adopted in 2004. On July 19, 2011 the City Council passed a Resolution identifying multiple properties, within the Chelsea Area School Zone, available for donation to the Shelby County Board of Education (See www.westoveralabama.org). 
The announcement went on to say, "During these tough economic times, where the Shelby County Board of Education dealt with a major capital shortfall requiring a special referendum, the City of Westover overwhelmingly supported this referendum and is very pleased to facilitate a significant donation to the Shelby County Board of Education for the construction of a new middle school (or other appropriate school) in the Chelsea Area School Zone. The City of Westover is pleased to work with the Shelby County School Board so that all available funds go into world-class facilities for the use of the community and not into unnecessary cost for land, infrastructure and other donated capital improvements."
This represents a significant contribution facilitated by the City of Westover of over $2,000,000.00.

</doc>
<doc id="19000014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000014" title="The Mona Intercept">
The Mona Intercept

The Mona Intercept is a thriller novel by Donald Hamilton.
Plot summary.
Cuban exile Jimmy Columbus uses hijacking on the high seas, drugs, and murder to fuel his dreams of an empire.

</doc>
<doc id="19000019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000019" title="Chet Jastremski">
Chet Jastremski

Chester Andrew Jastremski (born January 12, 1941) is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic medalist, and former world record-holder.
Jastremski attended Indiana University, where he swam for Doc Counsilman's Indiana Hoosiers swimming and diving team. He and Counsilman invented the whip kick to replace the frog kick previously used in the breaststroke. The whip kick minimized drag and accentuated Jastremski's very powerful shoulders and upper arms. Over the years, the original whip kick (done from the knee to feet) morphed into the breaststroke kick that uses the entire leg.
He was featured on the January 29, 1962 cover of "Sports Illustrated".
Jastremski received his medical degree from Indiana University in 1968. He was a member of the 1976 U.S. Olympic medical team. He served as a family practice physician for 35 years before rheumatoid arthritis led him to retire. He practiced medicine in Bloomington, Indiana, and frequently visited the Indiana University swim team throughout the years.

</doc>
<doc id="19000021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000021" title="La Disparition (album)">
La Disparition (album)

La Disparition is Keren Ann’s second album, co-written with Benjamin Biolay.

</doc>
<doc id="19000024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000024" title="Tamil Encyclopedia">
Tamil Encyclopedia

Tamil Encyclopedia ("Tamil Kalaikalanjiam") is a universal encyclopedia in Tamil, published by Tamil Academy, Chennai. It was a project funded by the Government of India after Indian Independence. The chief editor of this effort was Periyasaamy Thooran. The entire Kalaikalanjiam is available online at the Tamil Virtual University (TVU) website. TVU is in the process of scanning the Children's Kalaikalanjiam. 

</doc>
<doc id="19000064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000064" title="Lee Grills">
Lee Grills

Lee Elgy Grills (20 April 1904 – 3 November 1982) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a dairy farmer and proprietor by career. He was born in Belleville, Ontario.
Grills was a member of Sidney Township council starting in 1946. He became deputy reeve of that municipality in 1949 and reeve in 1951. In 1952, he was warden of Hastings County, leaving municipal politics later that year.
He first campaigned for a seat in the House of Commons in the 1953 federal election at the Hastings South riding, but was unsuccessful then. He won the seat on his second attempt in the 1957 election, defeating incumbent Frank Follwell. Grills was re-elected in 1958 and 1962, defeated in 1963 by Liberal candidate Robert Temple, then returned to Parliament in the 1965 election. With new riding boundaries, Grills returned to Parliament for the Hastings riding in the 1968 election. After finishing his term in the 28th Canadian Parliament, Grills left federal politics and did not campaign in another election.

</doc>
<doc id="19000068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000068" title="Speed Vogel">
Speed Vogel

Irving "Speed" Vogel (March 3, 1918 – April 14, 2008) was an American sculptor, painter, and co-author, along with Joseph Heller, of the best-selling memoir, "No Laughing Matter".
A textile businessman and associate of Gwathmey Siegel, he was also member of the "Gourmet Club," an assemblage of writers, artists and showbusiness people (which included Mel Brooks and Mario Puzo, among others), who gathered weekly from the 1960s to the 1980s to eat and talk at Chinese restaurants in New York City.
Vogel died of natural causes at his home in Sag Harbor, New York. He was 90.

</doc>
<doc id="19000081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000081" title="Ed Corey">
Ed Corey

Edward Norman "Ike" Corey (born Ed Cohen from July 13, 1894 to September 17, 1970) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Corey played one game in his career, in the 1918 season, with the Chicago White Sox. He pitched two innings, giving up one run, on two hits, with one walk allowed. He had a 4.50 ERA. 
Corey was born in Chicago, Illinois and died in Kenosha, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="19000099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000099" title="Mariana Avitia">
Mariana Avitia

Mariana Avitia Martínez (born September 18, 1993 in Monterrey, Nuevo León) is an athlete from Mexico who competes in archery. 
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Avitia finished her ranking round with a total of 641 points. This gave her the 20th seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Son Hye-Yong in the first round, beating the archer from North Korea with 112-107. In the second round she was too strong for Malgorzata Cwienczek with 110-109 and via Khatuna Narimanidze (109-108) she achieved her place in the quarter final. There she was eliminated by Kwon Un-Sil with 105-99.
2012 Summer Olympics.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London Avitia won the bronze medal in the women's individual archery event. Teammate Aída Román won the silver medal. Together they were the first ever to win an archery Olympic medal for Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19000106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000106" title="Marianne Steinbrecher">
Marianne Steinbrecher

Marianne Steinbrecher, known as Mari (born August 23, 1983), is a female volleyball player from Brazil, who plays as a wing spiker (basically outside hitter, occasionally opposite hitter) at Fenerbahçe from Turkey. She represented her native country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, in which she helped her country win the gold medal. She known for her high arm swing when hitting and her ability to hit over the top of most blocks.
Career.
Born in São Paulo, Steinbrecher, who is of Russian and German descent, started playing volleyball when she was 14 years-old. After playing for Rolândia/Faccar and Grêmio Londrinense, she professionalized while playing for Osasco. Playing for Osasco, she won the Salonpas Cup in 2001, in 2002 and in 2005, the Campeonato Paulista in 2003, and the Superliga in 2003–04. In 2006, she left Osasco and joined Italian club Scavolini Pesaro. In 2008, she returned to Brazil to play for São Caetano/Blausiegel in the Copa Brasil.
In 2010 she signed a contract with the Brazilian club Unilever Volley. She played with Fenerbahçe in the 2012 FIVB Club World Championship held in Doha, Qatar and helped her team to win the bronze medal after defeating Puerto Rico's Lancheras de Cataño 3-0.
National team.
Playing for the national team, she won the FIVB World Grand Prix in 2004, in 2006, in 2008 and in 2009. In the 2008 FIVB World Grand Prix, she was awarded the competition's Most Valuable Player (MVP). Steinbrecher participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics, in which her country finished in the fourth place, after being defeated by Cuba in the bronze medal match. In the 2007 Pan American Games, she won the silver medal, after her country was defeated by Cuba in the final. In 2008, Steinbrecher helped Brazil win the FIVB World Grand Prix, also winning the competition's Most Valuable Player award. In the same year, on her birthday, in Beijing, Steinbrecher won her first gold medal in the Olympic Games, after her country beat the United States 3–1 in the gold medal match.
Mari took part of the National Team who win the gold medal at the 2011 Pan American Games held in Guadalajara, Mexico.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19000126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000126" title="Pont-y-gwaith">
Pont-y-gwaith

Pont-y-gwaith (Welsh, "Bridge to work" or "Bridge of the Ironworks") is a historical bridge over the River Taff near Edwardsville, Merthyr Tydfil, Wales.
Pont-y-gwaith was constructed in 1811 to replace the wooden bridge associated with the nearby 16th century ironworks. The bridge was repaired in 1993 by Mid Glamorgan county council and awarded a commendation by the civic trust. This historical bridge is now a Taff Trail heritage site.

</doc>
<doc id="19000138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000138" title="2005–06 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Qualifying">
2005–06 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Qualifying

The 2005–06 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Qualifying rounds took place over 3 to 7 August 2005 in Aalborg, Denmark. The top 2 teams advanced to the 2005-06 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Finals where they had a chance to win the EuroFloorball Cup for 2005–06.
The tournament was known as the 2005–06 Men's European Cup, but due to name implications, is now known as the 2005–06 Men's EuroFloorball Cup.
External links.
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19000144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000144" title="This Is the Devo Box">
This Is the Devo Box

This is the Devo Box is a seven disc Box set, released only in Japan, featuring digitally remastered versions of the first six studio albums by Devo. It also contains an expanded and remastered version of DEV-O Live, identical to the Rhino Handmade release. The albums are packaged in miniature LP sleeves with miniaturized versions of the original artwork and pack-ins.

</doc>
<doc id="19000164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000164" title="UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's 500 m time trial">
UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's 500 m time trial

The UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's 500 m time trial is the women's world championship 500 m Time Trial event held annually at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships.
Félicia Ballanger of France, and Natalya Tsylinskaya (nee Markovnichenko) of Belarus, are the most successful riders in the history of the event with five titles each. Anna Meares of Australia, with seven medals including four golds is the most decorated time trialist in the history of the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19000167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000167" title="Viktoriya Koval">
Viktoriya Koval

Viktoriya Koval (born June 11, 1985) is an athlete from Ukraine who competes in archery. 
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Koval finished her ranking round with a total of 641 points. This gave her the 21st seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Barbora Horáčková in the first round, beating the archer from the Czech Republic with 109-107. In the second round she was eliminated by 12th seed Aida Román with 111-105.

</doc>
<doc id="19000198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000198" title="James Lemen">
James Lemen

Born near Harper's Ferry, in Virginia, in colonial times, he served a two-year enlistment in the American Revolutionary War. He married Catherine Ogle, from the family whose name is perpetuated in that of Ogle County, Illinois. Lemen was a protégé of Thomas Jefferson. 
Most historians reject as unsubstantiated the claim there was a "Jefferson-Lemen Secret Anti-Slavery Compact," whereby Jefferson secretly asked Lemen to move to Illinois (then Indiana Territory), and to take up the anti-slavery cause there. 
Lemen became a leader of the anti-slavery movement in Indiana Territory, and, influenced the Illinois' first "Free State" Constitution, which was framed in 1818 and preserved in 1824.
In a letter to Lemen's son, Rev James Lemen Jr., dated March 2, 1857, Abraham Lincoln praises Lemen senior's anti-slavery work. Lemen, as Jefferson’s agent in Illinois, founded the anti-slavery churches, which in Lincoln's view, "set in motion the forces which finally made Illinois a free state.” 

</doc>
<doc id="19000220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000220" title="Don Florence">
Don Florence

Donald Emery Florence is a former major league pitcher, who only pitched one season in the major leagues (1995) for the New York Mets.
He pitched 14 games that season for the Mets and complied an impressive 1.50 ERA but never pitched another major league game after 1995. He was originally signed by the Boston Red Sox as an amateur free agent in 1987 before signing with the Mets as a free agent in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19000243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000243" title="Stein Rokkan Prize for Comparative Social Science Research">
Stein Rokkan Prize for Comparative Social Science Research

The Stein Rokkan Prize for Comparative Social Science Research is an academic honour awarded by the International Social Science Council (ISSC), the University of Bergen and the European Consortium for Political Research (ECPR), in memory of the political scientist and sociologist Stein Rokkan.
It is awarded to scholars making "very substantial and original contributions in comparative social science research". These contributions can be in the form of book-length, unpublished manuscripts, published books or collections of works published within the two years prior to the award ceremony. As of 2008, the award will be made annually and is worth €5,000.
Former winners.
The previous winners of the prize are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19000245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000245" title="Walter Deakon">
Walter Deakon

Walter Cyril Deakon (24 May 1924 – 5 October 1982) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Edmonton, Alberta and became a barrister, solicitor and professional engineer by career.
Deakon was a member of the Royal Canadian Air Force from 1943 to 1945 during World War II. He studied at Ryerson Polytechnical Institute, University of Toronto and the Osgoode Hall Law School, attaining Bachelor of Applied Science and Professional Engineer degrees.
He was first elected at the High Park riding in the 1968 general election. Deakon served only one term in office, the 28th Canadian Parliament, before being defeated in the 1972 election by Otto Jelinek of the Progressive Conservative party as the riding then became known as High Park—Humber Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="19000258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000258" title="Miroslava Dagbaeva">
Miroslava Dagbaeva

Miroslava Dagbaeva (born 14 August 1987) is a Buryat Mongol athlete from Mongolia who competes in archery (since 2013). 
2008 Summer Olympics.
She represented Russia at the 2008 Summer Olympics.At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Miroslava finished her ranking round with a total of 637 points. This gave her the 23rd seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Rina Dewi Puspitasari in the first round. Both archers scored 106 points in the regular match and had to go to a decisive extra round to make the difference. Miroslava scored 10 points in the extra round, while Puspitasari scored 9 points. In the second round Miroslava was unable to win against 10th seed Ana Rendón and lost the game with 110-106.

</doc>
<doc id="19000288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000288" title="Petero Okotai">
Petero Okotai

Petero James Moeava Okotai (born 3 August 1981) is a Cook Islands swimmer.
He grew up in Papua New Guinea where he began swimming at the age of 5, then stopped upon returning to the Cook Islands at the age of 11, due to the absence of a pool. He then resumed swimming in 2006, while studying for an honours degree in business management at the University of Auckland, in New Zealand, which he completed in 2010.
He competed in the men's 50 metre freestyle event at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in Melbourne, and finished 157th out of 175, with a time of 29.54.
He then represented his country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, competing in the men's 100 metre breaststroke event. 
With no Olympic-sized pool to train in, Okotai initially practiced by swimming in a lagoon, where he had to "deal with the hazards of trigger fish, coral heads and ocean currents". He later trained in the Muri Beach Club Hotel pool on Rarotonga. The pool measured 17 metres, and Okotai had to swim among tourists.
He finished third and last in heat 1, his time of 1:20.20 the slowest of all competitors who finished the race, and almost eight seconds slower than second-slowest Mohammed Al-Habsi, of Oman. This prompted Okotai to comment: "I hope I'm not Eric the Eel."

</doc>
<doc id="19000294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000294" title="2009 Kobalt Tools 500">
2009 Kobalt Tools 500

The 2009 Kobalt Tools 500 was the fourth race of the 2009 NASCAR Sprint Cup season. This race took place on March 8, 2009 at the Atlanta Motor Speedway in Hampton, Georgia near Atlanta.
Race report.
Mark Martin became the second-oldest pole winner only to Bill Elliott to take the green flag alongside 2001 winner of this event, Kevin Harvick. David Ragan dropped to the rear due to an engine change. Martin pulled ahead to lead the opening lap and Kurt Busch falls in line for second. The first caution of the day came on Lap 2 when Reed Sorenson reported something on his car broke and he smacked the wall. Kurt Busch passed Mark Martin on the restart on lap 6 to collect 5 bonus points. The second caution of the day came on LAp 12 when Bobby Labonte got loose and spun out. He described his car as "amazingly loose". He received no damage. Ryan Newman takes two tires to get track position. Joe Nemechek, Mike Bliss, and Dave Blaney stay out during this set of pit stops. Newman leads to take 5 bonus points. Kurt Busch takes the lead back from Newman the very next lap. By lap 23 Jeff Gordon, who started 16th, made his way up to the 8th position after passing Kyle Busch. On Lap 33 Travis Kvapil went to the garage with engine problems. Mike Bliss and Travis Kvapil both dropped out of the race on Lap 42 with overheating problems. The 3rd caution of the day happened on Lap 69 when Marcos Ambrose's tire carrier ran across the pit lane to retrieve a tire. Jeff Gordon is developing clutch problems on lap 77, but he still runs 8th. On Lap 100 Juan Montoya has a flat tire and goes to the pits to replace the tire. Bobby Labonte is reporting engine problems and his engine is beginning to sputter. Labonte uses Roush engines. Fourth caution comes when Labonte gets sucked around by Juan Montoya for his second spin of the day. Bobby Labonte took his car to the garage. Martin Truex Jr passed kidney stones less than 12 hours before race start. Kurt Busch held off Jeff Gordon and Carl Edwards to score his first victory of 2009, leading 235 laps en route to doing so. Aside from Busch, Gordon and Edwards were the only two drivers who led more than 10 laps.
Notes.
Bobby Labonte made his 550th Cup career start. Kurt Busch led more laps in this race (234) than the total laps in his 2008 season (164). Kurt Busch's win and brother Kyle Busch's win in the last race (2009 Shelby 427) resulted in brothers winning two races back-to-back. The Busch brothers, also, won consecutive races in 2008 with the first Loudon race (Kurt Busch) and the second Daytona race (Kyle Busch). Jimmy Watts, crew member for Marcos Ambrose's #47 car, retrieved a tire that had rolled across the pit lane and was halfway across the infield grass on lap 69. He would be suspended for 4 races and was put on probation for the rest of 2009. Crew chief Frank Kerr also was put on probation for the rest of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19000303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000303" title="Cruises with Kathleen">
Cruises with Kathleen

Cruises With Kathleen is a non-fiction outdoor literature book by Donald Hamilton.
Summary.
Matt Helm creator Donald Hamilton gives up power boats for sailing and advises readers on everything from hull design to electronic gadgets. His cruises begin in Vancouver and conclude in the Bahamas.

</doc>
<doc id="19000314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000314" title="Anatoli Krikun">
Anatoli Krikun

Anatoli Krikun (born March 24, 1948) is a retired Estonian professional basketball player, who competed for the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19000321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000321" title="John Bartley">
John Bartley

John Stanley Bartley, often credited as Jon Bartley, is a New Zealand-born American, who is resident in Canada. Bartley is an cinematographer who is best known for his work on television series such as "Lost" and "The X Files" and feature films such as "" and "The Chronicles of Riddick."
Bartley was raised in Wellington, where he didn't get to watch television until his early teens, and even then only one channel was broadcasting in New Zealand. In an interview he said that "National Velvet" and "The Bridge on the River Kwai" were two of his favorite films when he was young.
In 1995, Bartley received his first Emmy Award nomination in the category "Outstanding Individual Achievement in Cinematography for a Series" for the "The X Files" episode "One Breath," he lost the award to Tim Suhrstedt for "Chicago Hope." Bartley was nominated the following year in the same category, and won the award. Bartley is currently nominated for an Emmy in the Outstanding Cinematography For A One Hour Series category, for the "Lost" episode "The Constant."

</doc>
<doc id="19000323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000323" title="USNS Sands (T-AGOR-6)">
USNS Sands (T-AGOR-6)

USS "Sands" (T-AGOR-6) a "Robert D. Conrad"-class oceanographic research ship that served the U.S. Navy from 1965 to 1973. During that period she provided valuable ocean-bottom information and underwater test data to the U.S. Navy and other U.S. agencies.
Built at Point Pleasant, West Virginia.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Sands" (AGOR-6) was laid down on 23 August 1962 by the Marietta Manufacturing Co., Point Pleasant, West Virginia; launched on 14 September 1963; sponsored by Miss Priscilla G. Sands; and accepted by the Navy and placed in service under Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) control on 2 February 1965, Capt. George W. Fladerer, Master.
Navy oceanographic service.
Manned by a Civil Service crew, the United States Naval Ship "Sands" was operated in the Atlantic Ocean by the Military Sealift Command (formerly MSTS) for the Naval Oceanographic Office. 
Until being placed out of service, in reserve, in April 1973, "Sands" performed oceanographic and marine geophysical research and conducted experiments in underwater sound propagation. For example, in the early 1970s the Sands planted large vertical subsurface acoustic arrays in the tropical Atlantic. These arrays were unique for having long term recording capabilities enabling months' long acoustic data to be collected; and for the first use of the then new material Kevlar as the strength member of the arrays. Kevlar, created by DuPont for use as cords in vehicular tires, was found to have stretch characteristics that matched those of the conductive copper wires embedded in an array. (Whereas a material like dacron can stretch upwards 50% before breaking, kevlar limits stretch to 2% before failure. This greatly reduced longitudinal stresses on the copper wires and permitted precise vertical positioning of hydrophones in the vertical string.) The Sands, during this period, also conducted acoustic data collection voyages in the area around Malta and the lower Adriatic.
Inactivation and transfer to Brazil.
In 1973, "Sands" was placed out of service. She was struck from the "Navy list" on an unknown date, and, on 5 December 1990 she was transferred to Brazil and renamed "Almirante Camara" (H-41).

</doc>
<doc id="19000326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000326" title="Mandamus River">
Mandamus River

Mandamus River is a river in the South Island of New Zealand.
The headwaters are on the southern side of the Organ Range and it feeds into the Hurunui River 25 kilometers due west of Culverden.

</doc>
<doc id="19000332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000332" title="Al-Ittihad Club (Tripoli)">
Al-Ittihad Club (Tripoli)

Al-Ittihad Sport, Cultural and Social Club () is a Libyan football club based in Bab Ben Gashier, Tripoli, Libya. They have won the Libyan Premier League sixteen times, the Libyan Cup six times and the Libyan SuperCup ten times. They are the current league champions at the end of the Libyan Premier League 2009-10.
Alittihad became the first Libyan club to qualify for the semi-finals of the CAF Champions League in 2007, where they lost to eventual runners-up Al-Ahly of Egypt(1–0) on aggregate. They also reached the semi-finals of the CAF Confederation Cup in 2010.
History.
Al-Ittihad Club was founded on Saturday July 29, 1944 after a merger between three clubs " العمال -al-Ummal", "Al Nahda" & "Al Shabab", Mohamed Al-Krewi () was the founder and first president.
Supporters.
Al Ittihad is one of the most well supported football clubs in Libya. They held the record for the highest attendance in the CAF Champions League 2007, The Nickname of Al Ittihad Fans is (RED Aurora Supporters) & (Tehaa Supporters).
Old Crest.
The crest pictured here is the old crest that was in use. The current one (pictured at the top of the page) replaced the old one in 2003 (a star was added) after the club's 10th league title.
Stadium.
Alittihad play their home games at the 11 June Stadium, 6 km from center of Tripoli. They share the 80,000 capacity ground with Ahli Tripoli FC. The club owns the 5,000 capacity 7 October Stadium, previously called Al Mala'b Al Balade (). Located in central Tripoli, the ground is now used for training.
Other sports.
Al Ittihad has got teams competing in different other sports.
Al Ittihad's Handball, Volleyball and Basketball teams have won many national competitions.
Sponsorship.
Official Sponsor.
Kia, Al-Madar Al-Jadid Telecomm and Total are the current official sponsors for Al Ittihad Sporting Club

</doc>
<doc id="19000343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000343" title="Murray McBride">
Murray McBride

Murray Arndell McBride (born 28 April 1935 at Westmeath, Ontario) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was an author and clergyperson by career.
He was first elected at the Lanark and Renfrew riding in the 1968 general election and served only one term, the 28th Canadian Parliament. McBride was defeated in the 1972 election by Paul Dick of the Progressive Conservative party at the riding which became Lanark—Renfrew—Carleton. McBride campaigned for election in the High Park--Humber Valley riding, but was also unsuccessful then. He has not contested for a Parliamentary seat since.
-->
External links.
Murray McBride served as Executive Assistant to the Postmaster General in 1973 and 1974. From 1974 to 1976 he was Executive Assistant to the Minister of Consumer and Corporate Affairs.
From 1976 to 1978 he was Vice Chairman and General Manager of the Farm Credit Corporation of Canada and from 1978 to 1979 he was Chairman of the Canadian Egg Marketing Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="19000347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000347" title="Andrey Gubin">
Andrey Gubin

Andrey Viktorovich Gubin (, real surname Klementyev (Клементьев)) (born April 30, 1974 in Ufa) is a Russian pop-singer, poet, composer, and record producer.
Early years.
Andrey Gubin's family moved to Moscow in 1983. His family wandered about Moscow because of constant lack of money. Andrey Gubin's father worked as a research worker and caricaturist for many Soviet magazines. Andrey Gubin was fond of sports but after breaking the leg his career stopped. He tried to become a professional journalist but in vain.
Finally, Andrey Gubin decided to realize himself in music though he burred. He was admitted to the Gnessin State Musical College but Andrey Gubin was expelled because of his disrespect to attendance policy. Since then he has not finished any specialized musical higher education.
Musical career.
Andrey Gubin is a truly self-made musician. His first album "I am a hobo" of 200 copies was released when he was 15. Gubin's second and third album "Ave Maria" and "Prince and Princess" respectively were the start of his career. His first performance on stage with his first hit "Boy-Wanderer" was in 1994.
Andrey Gubin pursued a successful solo career and scored several hits in Russia in the 1990s, including "Зима-холода" (Winter frost), "Ночь" (Night) and "Танцы" (Dances).

</doc>
<doc id="19000351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000351" title="Kolonja Izaaka">
Kolonja Izaaka

Kolonja Izaaka (Kolonia Isaaka, Isakowa, קולוניה איזאקה) was a small Jewish farming village in what is now Belarus, founded in 1849 through government land grants to 26 poor Jewish families for the purpose of engaging in agriculture. The settlement existed continuously until liquidated by the Nazis in November, 1942. It is a prime example of Jewish agricultural colonies in the Russian Empire.
Location.
The community was founded 1.5 km southwest of the town of Odelsk, then part of Grodno Governorate. After World War I, the community was annexed into the newly reunified Poland. Although Odelsk still exists, the former site of Kolonja Izaaka is now a border zone, accessible only to Belarus border police and guard dogs.
Life in Kolonja Izaaka.
The community at Kolonja Izaaka survived through growing various crops, including grains, legumes, orchard fruits, and by raising bees for honey. They sold their goods at market in nearby Sokółka. They received direct financial support from the Jewish Colonization Association, founded by Baron Maurice de Hirsch, as well as training support from ORT.
Salomon Salit's study of Kolonja Izaaka.
In 1934, Salomon Salit, a Jewish PhD student in agrarian economics at the University of Warsaw, published a dissertation about Kolonja Izaaka. It is a detailed record of the community's founding, economics and daily life. This book has been digitized and is available as a free download through the Polish library system.
The destruction of Kolonja Izaaka.
The Kolonja Izaaka community was destroyed by the Nazis in 1942. There are differing reports as to their fate. They were probably moved, with the Jews of Odelsk, to the Kiełbasin Transit Camp near Grodno. From there they were likely transported within weeks to Treblinka or to Auschwitz-Birkenau. Some relatives of those who perished reported that their loved ones died in the death camps at Majdanek.

</doc>
<doc id="19000359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000359" title="UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's sprint">
UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's sprint

The UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Women's sprint is the world championship sprint event held annually at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships. Galina Yermolayeva and Galina Tsareva of the Soviet Union, and Victoria Pendleton of Great Britain have each won this event on six occasions, the most by any cyclist.

</doc>
<doc id="19000377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000377" title="Jason Todd Ipson">
Jason Todd Ipson

Jason Todd Ipson (born July 28, 1972) is an American director, screenwriter, producer, fashion photographer and licensed physician and surgeon. Transitioning from surgical residency to the USC School of Cinematic Arts in 1999, he went on to form Asgaard Entertainment as well as write/direct the theatrically released feature films Unrest (film) and Everybody Wants to be Italian.
Biography.
Ipson was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, USA, the son of Robert K Ipson, an investment banker, entrepreneur, and Bonneville racetrack owner, and Linda Hayz, a model. He has a sister Jaime Ipson Burke, and had two half-brothers Cory K Ipson and Robert Scott Ipson by his father with Letha Rasmussen.
A Norse Mythology enthusiast, he named his two children Odin and Thor after Norse gods as well as his film production company Asgaard Entertainment.
Ipson dropped out of Highland High School at the age of 16 to attend the University of Utah on a Presidential Scholarship. He started as a business major, but then switched to biology and chemistry to become premed. After finishing medical school, he then completed a surgical internship at the University of Heidelberg in Germany before starting his surgical residency at the New England Medical Center in Boston. It is there that he met his future wife (also a licensed physician).
Ipson left his residency to attend USC’s Peter Stark Producing Program. He graduated having directed two thesis projects, "Peeping Tom" and "The First Vampire", and produced the thesis project "Playback". "Peeping Tom" took grand prize at 16 short film festivals. "The First Vampire" was not shown on festival circuits in hopes of releasing it as a DVD bonus feature someday. The short version won a production grant in 2001 for its use of science from the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation.
Ipson shoots fashion photography for magazine publications. He is also a licensed physician in the state of California and lives in Beverly Hills.
Filmography.
Director
Writer

</doc>
<doc id="19000378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000378" title="Desmond Code">
Desmond Code

Desmond Morton Code (16 November 1912 – 19 January 1980) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a construction superintendent and contractor by career.
He was first elected at the Lanark riding in the 1965 general election. His second term in Parliament was served at Leeds riding which he won in the 1968 election. Code left federal office in 1972 after completing his term in the 28th Canadian Parliament and has since not campaigned in another federal election.
Code died at a Kingston hospital on 19 January 1980. He was buried at Hillcrest Cemetery in Smiths Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="19000404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000404" title="Bethesda RFC">
Bethesda RFC

Bethesda Rugby Football Club (Welsh: Clwb Rygbi Bethesda) is a Welsh rugby union team based in Bethesda, North Wales. Bethesda member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Llanelli Scarlets. The club fields a senior and youth team.
Club badge.
Bethesda's club badge is a lion rampant in front of a lightning bolt on a blue background.

</doc>
<doc id="19000422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000422" title="Kang Min-ho">
Kang Min-ho

Kang Min-Ho (Hangul: 강민호, Hanja: 姜珉鎬) (born August 18, 1985 in Jeju City, Jeju-do, South Korea) is a catcher who plays for the Lotte Giants in the Korean Baseball Organization. He contracted with Giants as a Free Agent player for 0.75 billion on 13th of November, 2013. 
Amateur career.
Kang attended Pocheol Technical High School in Pohang, Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea. In 2003, he was selected for the South Korea national junior team and competed in the 5th Asian Junior Baseball Championship held in Bangkok, Thailand. As a starting catcher, Kang helped South Korea win their second Championship title.
Professional career.
After graduation from high school, Kang made his pro debut in 2004, drafted by the Lotte Giants in the 2nd round (3rd pick, 17th overall) of the 2004 KBO draft.
In the 2006 KBO season, he became a starting catcher, appearing in all 126 regular season games. Kang was the youngest starting catcher to play all regular season games in the KBO history. 
Kang offensively broke out in the 2008 season. He finished 19th in batting average (.292), 5th in home runs (19) and 6th in RBI (82), and led the Giants to their first post-season appearance since 2000. He won his first Golden Glove Award. Kang was the first catcher of all time to win a Golden Glove Award as a Giants catcher. 
Kang participated in the 2008 Olympic Games held in Beijing, China, selected for the South Korea national baseball team, where he served as backup to Jin Kab-Yong. However, Jin was injured during a game against the Netherlands, and Kang took over as the starting catcher at the next game. He did a successful job for replacing an injured Jin Kab-Yong during the rest of the competition and eventually leading South Korea to the gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19000434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000434" title="Russell Honey">
Russell Honey

Russell Clayton Honey (28 August 1921 – 7 January 2007) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Riverhurst, Saskatchewan and became a lawyer by career after studies at Osgoode Hall Law School.
After an initial unsuccessful attempt to win the Durham riding in the 1958 federal election, he won that seat in the 1962 election. Honey was re-elected there in 1963 and 1965. His riding changed in the late 1960s to Northumberland—Durham where he won re-election in the 1968 election. After serving his final House of Commons term in the 28th Canadian Parliament, he was defeated in the 1972 election by Allan Lawrence of the Progressive Conservative party.
After leaving federal politics, Honey served as a judge from 1973 to 1991. At first he was a judge of the county court, and on merger of the courts became a judge of the Ontario Superior Court in 1990-91.

</doc>
<doc id="19000442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000442" title="2003–04 Boston Bruins season">
2003–04 Boston Bruins season

The 2003–04 Boston Bruins season was the Bruins' 80th season of operation in the National Hockey League (NHL). 
Regular season.
The Bruins had the fewest power-play opportunities of any team in the League, with just 300.

</doc>
<doc id="19000448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000448" title="1999–2000 Boston Bruins season">
1999–2000 Boston Bruins season

The 1999–2000 Boston Bruins season was the Bruins' 76th season of operation. The Bruins failed to qualify for the playoffs.
Offseason.
Following a 2nd round loss to the Buffalo Sabres the year previous, the Boston Bruins headed into the 1999–2000 NHL season with confidence that they could reach the playoffs for the third straight year under head coach Pat Burns. General manager Harry Sinden signed no free agents in the offseason and made no significant moves heading into the season. Goaltender Byron Dafoe was to be the starter for the third straight year following his best season in 1998-99 going 32-23-11 with a .926 save percentage.
Regular season.
On February 21, 2000, McSorley, playing for the Bruins, swung his stick and hit Donald Brashear in the head with seconds left in the Bruins-Vancouver Canucks game. Brashear lost consciousness and suffered a grade 3 concussion, but not from immediate contact with the stick. The stick hit Brashear's helmet, but caused him to fall backward, and his head hit hard on the ice.
As a result of the stick incident, McSorley was charged with assault and suspended by the NHL for the remainder of the 1999–2000 season (including playoffs) missing 23 games. On October 4, 2000, a jury found McSorley guilty of assault with a weapon for his attack on Brashear. He was sentenced to 18 months probation. The trial was the first for an on-ice attack by an NHL player since 1988. After his assault conviction his NHL suspension was extended to one full year (through February 21, 2001). This suspension was the longest in NHL history and afterwards McSorley never played in another NHL game.
During the regular season, the Bruins were the only team not to score a short-handed goal.
Playoffs.
The Boston Bruins failed to qualify for the Stanley Cup Playoffs in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19000452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000452" title="1995–96 Boston Bruins season">
1995–96 Boston Bruins season

The 1995–96 Boston Bruins season was the Bruins' 72nd season. 
Regular season.
During the Regular season, the Bruins led the league in shots on goal, with 2,838.
Playoffs.
The Bruins qualified for the playoffs for the 29th consecutive season, an NHL record that still stands (as of the 2010-11 season). The streak ended one season later. The Bruins were seeded 5th in the Eastern Conference and faced the 4th-seeded Florida Panthers in the Eastern Conference Quarterfinals. The Bruins lost the series in five games after falling behind three games to none. The Panthers went on to lose to the Colorado Avalanche in the Stanley Cup Finals.

</doc>
<doc id="19000461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000461" title="1992–93 Boston Bruins season">
1992–93 Boston Bruins season

The 1992–93 Boston Bruins season was the Bruins' 69th season. 
Regular season.
The team finished second in the regular season behind the Pittsburgh Penguins. The Bruins played well all season long and finished their final 8 regular-season games with a perfect 8–0–0 record. The Bruins had the most shots on goal (2,893) during the regular season of all 24 teams. They also tied the New York Islanders and Washington Capitals for the fewest short-handed goals allowed (8) over 84 games.
Playoffs.
Despite being favored to win their first-round matchup against the Buffalo Sabres, the Bruins were eliminated in the Adams Division semi-finals by Buffalo in four straight games. Three games were decided in overtime.
Awards and records.
During the postseason awards ceremony, Bruin players finished as runner-up on many of the awards; Bourque for the Norris, Oates for the Art Ross and Lady Byng Trophies, Joe Juneau (who had broken the NHL record for assists in a season by a left-winger, a mark he still holds) for the Calder Trophy, Dave Poulin for the Frank J. Selke Trophy, Moog for the William M. Jennings Trophy, and coach Brian Sutter for the Jack Adams Award. Bourque was named to the NHL All-Star First Team and Juneau to the NHL All-Rookie Team, while Oates finished third in voting among centermen for the All-Star First/Second Teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19000464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000464" title="1974–75 Boston Bruins season">
1974–75 Boston Bruins season

The 1974–75 Boston Bruins season was the Bruins' 51st season in the NHL.
Regular season.
On December 22, 1974, Phil Esposito scored the 500th goal of his career.
Game log.
g

</doc>
<doc id="19000467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000467" title="1972–73 Boston Bruins season">
1972–73 Boston Bruins season

The 1972–73 Boston Bruins season was the Bruins' 49th season in the NHL.

</doc>
<doc id="19000476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000476" title="Luis Moro">
Luis Moro

Luis Moro (born January 2, 1964) is a Cuban-born American actor, filmmaker, and writer. He first gained notability for co-writing, producing and acting in the film "Anne B. Real", which was nominated for two Independent Spirit Award.
Career.
In 1991, Moro created and hosted the "Real Estate America" television series, which followed the format of news magazine shows but covered topics on real estate news. Moro worked in real estate and held a show for 10 years on the local TV station Univision, but in the last eight years he worked on film and stage productions across the country.
Moro received screen story by credit for his screenplay rewrites on "Anne B. Real". He also co-wrote all the main hip-hop rap lyrics in the film performed by the lead character of Cynthia. After "Anne B. Real", Moro produced three films, the southern drama "The Unseen", "Love and Suicide", a bilingual love story set in Havana, Cuba that was the first film shot by an American in Cuba since 1959, and "Venus & Vegas", a buddy comedy set in Las Vegas.
Moro's other film projects include "The Siege" and "King of the Ants". Moro also performs comedy. Moro co-found Laugh Cancer Away with Lockey Maisonneuve of Moving On.
In 2008, Ben Kingsley's SBK-Pictures announced it would work with Moro to produce "Whispers Like Thunder", a film about about the Conley Sisters legal battle over the Wyandot National Burying Ground in Kansas. Kingsley agreed to play the role of Charles Curtis, the first and only Native American to become Vice President of the United States. The screenplay was written by Moro and Trip Brook.
Political views.
Moro has been active in promoting his political views on human rights. According to Vanessa Arrington of the Associated Press, "Cuban-American filmmaker Luis Moro expressed his disdain for the long-standing U.S. trade and travel restrictions against Cuba in a very public way: he made a movie there."

</doc>
<doc id="19000482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000482" title="Geoffrey Cates">
Geoffrey Cates

The Very Reverend Geoffrey Charles Cates, born on June 13, 1918, was the Dean of St George's Cathedral, Georgetown, Guyana from 1961 to 1971. Born in Surrey and educated at the University of Leeds, he was ordained in 1944 and began his career with curacies at Spennymoor and Ushaw Moor. In 1949 he was appointed Chaplain of the Butlin's Holiday Camp in Clacton-on-Sea, a post he held until his appointment as Vicar of Kumasi in Ghana. In 1961 he entered the Deanery of the Anglican Diocese of Guyana, where he remained for a decade. Returning to England he was Rector of "Sacred Trinity, Salford " and Rural Dean of The area. His final post until his retirement in 1988 was in the Diocese of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich and he remained in Ipswich until his death in 2003. He was an honorary Canon of his final diocese, having previously held a similar post in Manchester.

</doc>
<doc id="19000484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000484" title="Waldemar V, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen">
Waldemar V, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen

Waldemar V, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen (died 1436) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Köthen.
He was the second son of Albert IV, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen, by his first wife Elisabeth, daughter of Gebhard III, Count of Mansfeld.
Life.
Under the terms of the family law of the House of Ascania, Waldemar inherited Anhalt-Köthen jointly with his older brother Adolph I after the death of their father in 1423, without a division of territories. The brothers served as co-rulers until Waldemar's death; because Waldemar's only son was ordained a priest, Adolph became the sole ruler of the principality.
Marriage and issue.
In 1420 Waldemar married Sophie, daughter of Conrad of Hadmersleben, Lord of Egeln, by his wife Elisabeth of Querfurt, who had the previous year become the second wife of Waldemar's father Albert IV; in consequence, the spouses were step-siblings. They had two children:

</doc>
<doc id="19000501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000501" title="Lough (surname)">
Lough (surname)

Lough is a surname of Scottish or Irish origin, meaning "lake". The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="19000502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000502" title="Jane Waller">
Jane Waller

Jane Waller (born 19 June 1990 in Gold Coast, Queensland) is an athlete from Australia who competes in archery. She was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder. 
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Waller finished her ranking round with a total of 634 points. This gave her the 28th seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Pranitha Vardhineni in the first round. Despite the archer from India only being the 37th seed, she managed to win the confrontation with 106-100 and eliminated Waller.

</doc>
<doc id="19000520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000520" title="SK Herd">
SK Herd

Sportsklubben Herd is a sports club from Ålesund, Norway. It has sections for association football, handball and swimming, and was founded on 22 August 1932. The men's football team plays in the Third Division (fourth tier) having been relegated from Second Division in 2011.
History.
Herd was promoted from the Fourth to the Third Division following the 2008 season. Ahead of the 2009 season they signed Lasse Olsen and Karl Oskar Fjørtoft for both playing and non-playing capacities. In 2010 it contested a playoff to win promotion, and succeeded by beating Sunndal 8–2 on aggregate. In their first season in Second Division, they finished last with 17 points in 24 matches and was relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="19000555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000555" title="Broadway Avenue Historic District (Detroit, Michigan)">
Broadway Avenue Historic District (Detroit, Michigan)

The Broadway Avenue Historic District is a historic district located on a single city block along Broadway Avenue between Gratiot and East Grand River in downtown Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. The Broadway Avenenue Historic District joins the Randolph Street Commercial Buildings Historic District, a rare surviving commercial area which dates from the 1840s.
Description and significance.
The Broadway Avenue Historic District contains eleven commercial buildings built between 1896 and 1926. Three of those buildings — the Cary Building and the Breitmeyer-Tobin Building at the southern end, and the Merchants Building at the north end — are listed on the National Register of Historic Places in their own right.
The architectural terra cotta used on these structures unifies the appearance of the district. The district is significant for its architecture, its commercial history, its ethnic heritage, and for its association with Philip Breitmeyer, mayor of Detroit from 1909 to 1911.
History.
The area where the district is located was developed in the late 1800s as a commercial area catering to the women's trade, and included businesses such as hairdressers, florists, corset makers, and fashionable clothiers. A number of these women's trade shops were owned by ethnic immigrants. During the 1910s, the area began transforming into a banking and financial center. In the adjoining Randolph Street Commercial Buildings Historic District, the building at 1244 Randolph St. is a rare survivor from the 1840s. The Breitmeyer-Tobin Building on Broadway Avenue, now called Harmonie Centre, opened to African-American tenants in 1936. In the 1950s, ethnic and immigrant-owned shops moved into the area, with some of them still in the districts to the present day. The "east necklace" of downtown links Grand Circus and the stadium area to Greektown along Broadway. The east neckace contains a sub-district sometimes called the "Harmonie Park District" in the Broadway Avenue Historic District which has taken on the renowned legacy of Detroit's music from the 1930s through the 1950s and into the present.

</doc>
<doc id="19000569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000569" title="Let Me Be Myself">
Let Me Be Myself

"Let Me Be Myself" is the second main single (fourth, counting the promo singles "Citizen/Soldier" and "Train") by rock band 3 Doors Down from their eponymous fourth studio album. The song was released on December 2, 2008. The song is a power ballad, similar to previous hits by the band, "Be Like That" and "Here Without You".
Song meaning.
Lead singer, Brad Arnold, said the song has a lot of meaning to him personally, and cited it as his favorite track from the album. During a performance of the song on the famous New York City rock station, K-Rock, he stated that the song "is about just be yourself, without thinking in what the people say".
Music video.
The music video for the song is an incorporation of GEICO's cavemen. The music video follows around the GEICO caveman, who runs away from a party after not fitting in. Throughout the video, he is constantly approached by humans whom he pushes away. At the end of the video he meets up with several other caveman at the local bowling alley where he finally relaxes and has a good time. The video also includes actor Michael Raymond-James from True Blood.
The music video was preceded by about a month by a GEICO commercial featuring the song alongside with a scene reminiscent of the last scene of the music video. The commercials, however, ended differently in that the Caveman became depressed when he saw that the bowling alley's pinsetter was sponsored by GEICO, and prominently displayed their slogan "So Easy A Caveman Can Do It." The music video ended on a happier note and does not feature the GEICO logo at all.
Chart performance.
"Let Me Be Myself" has debuted at #38 on "Billboard"'s Adult Top 40 chart and so far, the song reach the half of the chart of the Adult 40 Tracks, even being a radio single only. The song peaked, until now, at #12, and is becoming a success, climbing every week. The song has also reached as high as 4# on the Hot AC Recurrent Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19000586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000586" title="Final Conversation of Kings">
Final Conversation of Kings

Final Conversation of Kings is the third studio album by Australian hard rock band The Butterfly Effect. It was released on September 20, 2008. The album was the band's first foray into a more progressive rock sound, and the last to feature vocalist Clint Boge. The album's first single, "Window and the Watcher", was released on a few weeks prior to the album's release on September 6, 2008. "Final Conversation" and "In These Hands" were also later released as singles. The album was generally well-received, debuting an no. 3 on the Australian Music Charts and receiving positive reviews from critics, who praised the more progressive nature of the album's sound.
Background.
Tension between band members had started as early as the recording sessions for the band's prior studio album, "Imago". During this time, the band's then-producer Joe Barresi almost cancelled the sessions due to the animosity amongst members. Most notable of the problems was the clashing of vocalist Clint Boge with the rest of the band, who resented Boge's drunken behavior, which they felt was having an adverse affect on the band, most notably upsetting people "high up in the music business". The band managed to complete the album, and even have it find success, with it debuting at no. 2 on the Australian music charts. Despite the success, tensions did not ease, with Boge and band co-founder and guitarist Kurt Goedhart not speaking to one another for the entirety of their six week tour with American rock band Chevelle. These tensions would resurface and affect recording sessions for the "Final Conversation of Kings" as well.
Writing and recording.
The band began writing material for the album during the "Imago" touring cycle, though only lightly, as the band felt their best material was generally not created while on the road. Between 15 to 20 songs were written prior to entering the studio with the band following their typical process; Goedhart would present a basis for a song, the band would collectively add their input, and then Boge would add the lyrics and vocals. However, this time around, bassist Glenn Esmond also provided the basis for a few tracks as well. The writing process spanned a year in a half; while the track "Rain" was written 18 months prior to recording the album, "Window and the Watcher" was written merely four weeks prior to entering the studio.
Contrary to writing process, which exceeded a year's length, the band was limited to just six weeks of recording time in the studio. The band entered the studio at the beginning of May 2008, and only had through June of the same year to work on the album. The band spent five weeks on initial recordings at The Grove Studios, focusing on recording drum and bass parts and preliminary guitar and vocal takes, and then one and a half weeks at Oasis Studios recording additional vocal and guitar parts. The band worked with Karnivool and Dead Letter Circus collaborator Forrester Savell on both pre-production demos and as a producer.
The limited time in the studio would lead to continued tensions between members. Compounding the problem was a lack of agreement with the direction of the album. Goedhart referred to the album content as "misaligned" and "mismatched", due to disagreements between members on which tracks should make the album. The album's opening track, "Worlds On Fire", was a common point of contention. Boge threatened to leave the band if was not included on the final track list, when other members criticized the song for sounding too much like a Muse song. Esmond also stated that it had originally been two separate tracks, and that once it was turned into a seven minute track, he had envisioned it as the album closer. The band settled on it being part of the album, but instead as the opening track, as they felt it gave "a grander feeling of intent" when placed at the beginning. Goedhart admitted he wished the band had had another 2 months in the studio, so they could have either reworked the track "In These Hands", had time to finish another track to replace it and remove it from the album altogether.
Themes and composition.
The album's lyrical themes are centered around the idea of "conflict". Esmond stated that the band's original intent wasn't to write a concept album, and Boge said that he didn't write the lyrics as one, but that he could understand how once could interpret it as one. Goedhart explained the album title's origin, and its connection with the album's message, stating:
...we were looking for an interesting word much like what we did for the last record with "Imago". Then Glenn came in with this word from a Latin phrase which some how translated to the "Final Conversation of Kings". And the translation was really cool, so we decided to keep it. And it also had a nice ring to it too. Its meaning relates to "going to war". It is that final conversation where they can't resolve it and so the next step is war. The general thing with the record relates to conflict, that is the overall theme of the album. It is applicable to so many situations from the individual to something on a global scale."
Esmond later admitted that he actually had intended for the album to be literally titled after the respective Latin phrase, "Ultima Ratio Regum", but that the band members preferred the English translation, "Last Conversation of Kings".
Esmond described the album's sound as "the final chapter of what we started with "Imago", we explored that progressive sound". The album marked the band's first attempt to use outside musicians and instruments outside of the guitar, bass, and drum set up. The band recruited several studio musicians for the album, including Bob Shultz to play trumpet, Tyrone Noonan for piano, and Will Eager for vibraphone; though in all instances, the instruments were used to create a fuller sound and for subtle effects, not as predominant, sound driving effects.
Release and promotion.
The band began their "Last Conversation of Kings" tour in July 2008, with the album releasing shortly afterwards on September 6, 2008.
Reception.
The album was generally well received, both commercially and critically. The album debuted at no. 3 in the Australian Music Charts. Critics generally applauded the more progressive sound the band took on the album. Metal Storm compared the album favorably to bands such as Tool or Porcupine Tree, stating that the band managed to take their progressive melancholic sound and make it into something more "accessible and catchy with great choruses" and "damn effective riffs." Sputnik Music compared the album favorably to Fair to Midland, describing it as "Dark, heavy, yet strangely relaxing all the same, the album manages to vary itself up without drifting too far from The Butterfly Effect's primary sound" and concluded that the album was "...a confident, free flowing collection of songs that represents some of the year's strongest alt rock." "The New Zealand Herald", was less enthusiastic, stating that mediocre tracks such as "Window and the Watcher" and "...And the Promise of Truth" kept the album from reaching its true potential, though they did praise "World on Fire" as "the album's finest moment".
The album made "Rolling Stone's" "Top Albums of 2008".
Chart performance.
Album

</doc>
<doc id="19000619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000619" title="HD 15524">
HD 15524

HD 15524 or ADS 1904 A is a member of a double star.

</doc>
<doc id="19000629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000629" title="Believe (Brooks &amp; Dunn song)">
Believe (Brooks &amp; Dunn song)

"Believe" is the title of a song written by Ronnie Dunn and Craig Wiseman, and recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn. It was released in October 2005 as the second single from their album "Hillbilly Deluxe", and it won the Country Music Association's 2006 awards for Single of the Year and Music Video of the Year.
Content.
The song is a largely acoustic ballad accompanied by acoustic guitar and organ. Featuring lead vocals from Ronnie Dunn, the song describes the narrator's childhood encounter with an old man whom he calls "Old Man Wrigley". He tells in the first verse of how he came to become friends with the old man after the narrator's mother would send him over to the old man's house with "things" (presumably food, groceries, newspapers, etc.). Through conversation, he discovers that Old Man Wrigley's wife and son have both died, and then asks the man how he is able to prevent himself from losing his sanity over their deaths. The old man then responds by saying that he will soon see them in Heaven when "he" passes away because of his faith in God, to which he further explains to the narrator in the first chorus.
In the second verse, the narrator tells of how he discovered that Old Man Wrigley died shortly after he moved off to college. After discovering this, he reflects on his memories of the old man, stating that he felt that the man deserved to go to Heaven ("If there was ever anybody deserved a ticket to the other side / It'd be that sweet old man…"). The song's bridge then finds the narrator asserting his own faith as well while attending Old Man Wrigley's funeral.
Notable cover versions.
R&B singer Jennifer Hudson performed the song on the 2010 CBS television special "ACM Presents: Brooks & Dunn - The Last Rodeo". Hudson subsequently recorded the song as the final track on her sophomore studio album, 2011's "I Remember Me".
Chart performance.
"Believe" debuted at number 49 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart for the week of October 22, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19000652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000652" title="Drewe">
Drewe

Drewe is a surname of English origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="19000658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000658" title="1975–76 California Golden Seals season">
1975–76 California Golden Seals season

The 1975–76 California Golden Seals season would be the Seals' ninth and final season in the Bay Area of California. The Seals were led by rookie Dennis Maruk. 
Maruk centered the 3M line with Bob Murdoch and Al MacAdam. Both Maruk and MacAdam scored over 30 goals while Murdoch led the team in power play goals. Although they recorded a solid improvement over the previous season, the Seals fell 7 points shy of a playoff spot. 
Owner Mel Swig was counting on the construction of a new arena in San Francisco, but after the proposal was defeated, he was convinced by minority owner George Gund III to relocate the franchise to Cleveland, where it was renamed Cleveland Barons.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Seals. Stats reflect time with the Seals only. ‡Traded mid-season
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; TOI = Time on ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average"
Transactions.
The Seals were involved in the following transactions during the 1975–76 season:
Playoffs.
The Seals did not qualify for the playoffs

</doc>
<doc id="19000669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000669" title="Daniel Pelosi">
Daniel Pelosi

Daniel Pelosi (born 2 August 1963 in Center Moriches, New York ) is the convicted murderer of Wall Street financier Ted Ammon, and the widower of Generosa Ammon.
Relationship.
Pelosi met Generosa while seeking work as an electrician. Generosa, who was involved in a bitter divorce from Ammon, hired him to supervise the renovation of her townhouse, and they soon began an affair. Pelosi, who was also married with three children, stayed at Ammon's East Hampton home with Generosa and her two adopted children, and drove Ammon's Porsche Carrera. As Ammon hadn't updated his will to reflect his marital situation, Generosa inherited the bulk of his $97 million estate after he was found murdered. Pelosi married Generosa on 15 January 2002, one day after his divorce from his wife became final.
Murder and trial.
While police investigated Ammon's murder, Pelosi was arrested for punching a crew member of a tour boat when the crewman refused to serve Pelosi more alcohol. He was then charged with stealing $43,000 of electricity from the Long Island Power Authority.
Before she died in 2003, Generosa cut Pelosi out of her will. He later challenged the will and a postnuptial agreement which entitled him to $2 million for legal fees. He was arrested for Ammon's murder on March 24, 2004.
Prosecutors theorized that Pelosi killed Ammon to ensure his new-found lifestyle. His former girlfriend testified that he enjoyed killing Ammon. His father testified that Daniel had asked him how to get rid of incriminating evidence. Convicted in December 2004, Pelosi maintains his innocence.
He pleaded guilty to witness tampering in his murder trial so that he could marry his fiancée, Jennifer Zolnowski, who was a bank teller as well as Pelosi's alleged accomplice. She gave birth to their son on August 31, 2004.
Pelosi is incarcerated in the Great Meadow Correctional Facility and will be eligible for parole in August 2031.
Media Coverage.
Pelosi was played by Shawn Christian in the 2005 TV movie "Murder in the Hamptons". Pelosi was featured on "Dateline NBC" in the episode titled "Mystery of the Murdered Millionaire" in 2008. In 2012, he was featured on a "20/20" episode titled "Revenge for Real: Murder in the Hamptons."

</doc>
<doc id="19000676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000676" title="Gilyuy River">
Gilyuy River

Gilyuy () is a river in Amur Oblast, Russia. It is a right tributary of the Zeya River, and is 545 km long, with a drainage basin of 22,500 km². The river has its sources on the southern slopes of the Stanovoy Mountains, passes near Tynda and flows southeast into the Zeya Reservoir. 
Its main tributaries are the Mogot and the Tynda.

</doc>
<doc id="19000695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000695" title="Broadway Avenue Historic District">
Broadway Avenue Historic District

Broadway Avenue Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19000699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000699" title="David Sanders (baseball)">
David Sanders (baseball)

David Andrew Sanders (August 29, 1979 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma), is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher. He played parts of two seasons in the majors, and , for the Chicago White Sox.

</doc>
<doc id="19000730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000730" title="2005–06 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Finals">
2005–06 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Finals

The 2005–06 Men's EuroFloorball Cup Finals took place in Ostrava, Czech Republic from 4 to 8 January 2006. Warberg IC won the EuroFloorball Cup after defeating SSV Helsinki 7–6 after penalty shots.
The tournament was known as the 2005–06 Men's European Cup, but due to name implications, is now known as the 2005–06 Men's EuroFloorball Cup.
External links.
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19000739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000739" title="Car Design News">
Car Design News

Car Design News is an online news, picture and information service for the international automotive design community. It regularly publishes: information on new production and concept cars; design reviews and design development features; interviews with senior designers; coverage of the major international auto shows, design competitions and graduate student exhibitions from most of the leading automotive design colleges worldwide; and extensive photo galleries of hi-res images.
Much of the information is free, with paid membership available to studios or individuals, which allows access to detailed content and downloads of hi-res images.
Founded by Brett Patterson, an automotive designer with General Motors Europe (in Rüsselsheim, Germany) in November 1999, Car Design News was the first online service to cover car design specifically – the field was previously only being served by the bi-monthly print magazines Car Styling (Japan) and Auto&Design (Italy).
The Car Design News team currently consists of Owen Ready (Editor), Joe Simpson (Associate Editor) and Rufus Thompson (Staff Writer). The team, along with a small number of design professionals and correspondents based around the world, provide the original content featured on the site. 
Based in London, UK, since 2005, Car Design News was acquired by Ultima Media Ltd in 2008. Ultima is a specialist B2B media company focussed on the global automotive industry, with print magazines, online services and conferences/awards events serving industry professionals worldwide and in the major regional car markets (Europe, Russia, North America, South America, India and China, though not Japan).
The Car Design News portfolio of activities currently includes: Car Design of the Year, Car Design Night, Car Design Awards China, Car Design News Webinars, Interior Motives (a print magazine illustrating in detail the design development of selected car interiors), Interior Motives conference, and the Interior Motives Student Design Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19000748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000748" title="1974–75 California Golden Seals season">
1974–75 California Golden Seals season

The 1974–75 California Golden Seals season was the Seals' 8th season in the NHL. The team continued to be operated by the league until early 1975, when new local ownership led by Mel Swig, owner of the Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco, was found. The Seals adopted new uniforms this season with new turquoise and gold colours. They recorded a 15 point improvement over the previous season. In early 1975, rumors began to circulate that the Seals would be relocated to Denver, Colorado.
Regular season.
On March 28, 1975, the Seals lost at home 5-3 to Washington, giving the expansion Capitals their only road win of the season.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Seals. Stats reflect time with the Seals only. ‡Traded mid-season
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; TOI = Time on ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average"
Transactions.
The Seals were involved in the following transactions during the 1974–75 season:
Playoffs.
The Seals did not qualify for the Stanley Cup playoffs this season.

</doc>
<doc id="19000755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000755" title="Burak Beydili">
Burak Beydili

Burak Beydili (born May 2, 1990) is an archer from Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19000772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000772" title="Deportivo Xinabajul">
Deportivo Xinabajul

Deportivo Xinabajul is a Guatemalan professional football club based in Huehuetenango, Guatemala.
Founded in 1980, they currently compete in the "Liga Nacional", the top division in the nation, and play their home matches at the Estadio Los Cuchumatanes. As of summer 2012 the club has been disaffiliated and disbanded after not paying player salaries and going into heavy debt. Bad ownership and mismanagement led to the downfall of the club. A new club from the same city claiming to have no relation to Deportivo Xinabajul, was founded weeks later, they will begin play in division 3.
Current squad.
"2010/2011 season"

</doc>
<doc id="19000786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000786" title="1976–77 Cleveland Barons season">
1976–77 Cleveland Barons season

The 1976–77 Cleveland Barons season was the first season for this franchise in Cleveland, after nine seasons in the San Francisco Bay Area as the Oakland Seals/California Golden Seals. The Barons displaced the World Hockey Association's Cleveland Crusaders, who elected to relocate to Minnesota and become the Minnesota Fighting Saints. 
The Barons played in the tough Adams Division and spent most of the season in last place. Midway through the season, majority owner Melvin Swig announced the team might have trouble finishing the season. The club missed payroll twice in February, and only a loan from the league and NHLPA kept the team afloat. Following the season, minority owner George Gund III purchased a controlling interest in the club.
Offseason.
Amateur Draft.
The franchise participated in the 1976 Amateur Draft as the California Golden Seals, the move to Cleveland not being approved until mid-July.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Barons. Stats reflect time with the Barons only. ‡Traded/released mid-season
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; TOI = Time on ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Seals. Stats reflect time with the Seals only. ‡Traded mid-season
Transactions.
The Barons were involved in the following transactions during the 1976–77 season:

</doc>
<doc id="19000792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000792" title="Kara DioGuardi discography">
Kara DioGuardi discography

The following is the songwriting and production discography of Kara DioGuardi. 

</doc>
<doc id="19000850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000850" title="Three Blind Mice (disambiguation)">
Three Blind Mice (disambiguation)

Three Blind Mice is a children's nursery rhyme and musical round. The title may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19000867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000867" title="Empyema">
Empyema

An empyema (from ) is a collection of pus within a naturally existing anatomical cavity, such as the lung pleura. It must be differentiated from an abscess, which is a collection of pus in a newly formed cavity.
Classification.
In human medicine, empyema occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="19000872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000872" title="1977–78 Cleveland Barons season">
1977–78 Cleveland Barons season

The 1977–78 Cleveland Barons season was the team's second and final season in the NHL. The relocation to Cleveland did not cure the attendance problems that plagued the franchise from its inception in Oakland as the Seals in 1967. In June 1978, with both the Barons and the Minnesota North Stars on the verge of folding, the league approved an arrangement in which the two teams were permitted to merge under the ownership of Barons owner George Gund III. The merged franchise continued as the Minnesota North Stars, and assumed the Barons old place in the Adams Division. Fifteen seasons later, the North Stars relocated to Dallas and became the Stars, bringing the NHL to Texas for the first time.
Offseason.
Amateur draft.
Cleveland's picks at the 1977 NHL Amateur Draft, which was held at the NHL's office in Montreal, Quebec on June 14, 1977.
Regular season.
On December 11, 1977, Tom Bladon became the first defenceman in NHL history to score 8 points in one game. He scored four goals and four assists versus the Cleveland Barons. It was 25% of his point total for the entire season.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP= Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes; +/- = Plus/minus"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Barons. Stats reflect time with the Barons only. ‡Traded mid-season.
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; TOI = Time on ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average"
Transactions.
The Barons were involved in the following transactions during the 1977–78 season:
Playoffs.
The Barons did not qualify for the playoffs

</doc>
<doc id="19000874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000874" title="Tom Parker (rugby player)">
Tom Parker (rugby player)

Thomas "Tom" Parker (29 March 1891 – 25 November 1967) was a Welsh international rugby union flanker who played club rugby for Swansea. Parker made his debut for Swansea in 1913 and captained his club in the 1920/21 season Parker would play 15 times for Wales, seven of them as captain. He was surprisingly one of the most successful captains in the history of Welsh rugby with 6 wins and 1 draw, all played during the 1920s, a decade that is seen as the worst period in Welsh rugby.
International rugby career.
Unusual for a new international, Parker gained his first cap against a touring side. In 1919 Parker was chosen to play against the New Zealand Army XV, and the next season would face all the home nations. His first game against England saw a Welsh team filled with new caps, so it was an impressive win when Wales beat their rivals 19-5, with Jerry Shea scoring 16 of the points. Parker's first international try came in 1920 in a match against Ireland at the Cardiff Arms Park. One of Parker's more memorable matches came in 1923 against France when, along with Steve Morris of Cross Keys, he spent large parts of the game fighting against an overly violent French squad.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19000900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000900" title="Estadio Kaibil Balam">
Estadio Kaibil Balam

Estadio Kaibil Balam is a football stadium located in Huehuetenango, Guatemala. It is the former home to the football club Deportivo Xinabajul. Its capacity is 10,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19000904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000904" title="Priit Tomson">
Priit Tomson

Priit Tomson (November 3, 1942, Tallinn) is a retired Estonian professional basketball player, who competed for the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19000909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000909" title="Uncial 071">
Uncial 071

Uncial 071 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 015 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 5th or 6th century. It came from Oxyrhynchus.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Matthew 1:21-24; 1:25-2:2, on one parchment leaf (7 cm by 9.5 cm). It is written in one column per page, 13 lines per page.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th or 6th century.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type, in close relationship with Codex Sinaiticus, Vaticanus, and Dublinensis. Aland placed it in Category II.
Matt 1:24
Matt 1:25
The codex is now located in the Semitic Museum (3735) at Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19000943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000943" title="Marion Ryan">
Marion Ryan

Marion Ryan (4 February 1931 – 15 January 1999) was a popular British singer in the 1950s.
Career.
Born Marian Ryan in Middlesbrough, North Riding of Yorkshire, England, and once called "the Marilyn Monroe of popular song", Marion Ryan was a pop singer of the 1950s in the early years of British Independent Television. She was the regular singer in the popular musical quiz "Spot the Tune", on Granada Television for seven years from 1956, with a total of 209 half-hour programmes, that featured several star hosts including disc-jockey Pete Murray, the Canadian pop singer Jackie Rae, and the comedians Ken Platt and Ted Ray, and also Peter Knight and his orchestra. She made one brief appearance as herself in a film with singer Tommy Steele. The show re-emerged in the 1970s as "Name That Tune".
Personal life.
Her first marriage was to producer Lloyd Sapherson in 1948. They had twin sons, Barry and Paul (born Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire, 24 October 1948), and one daughter. Paul died of cancer in 1992, aged 44. In 1969 she married the show business millionaire Harold Davison, after which she retired. She died in Boca Raton, Florida, aged 67, of heart failure, following the onset of pneumonia.

</doc>
<doc id="19000958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000958" title="William Lynch">
William Lynch

William Lynch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19000984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000984" title="Terence Yung">
Terence Yung

Terence Yung (born Hong Kong, China) is an award-winning classical pianist.
Education.
At the age of five, Terence, who had natural perfect pitch, was found playing melodies by ear. Terence, who grew up in the United States, studied privately with Eleanor Sokoloff of the Curtis Institute of Music before entering the Juilliard School pre-college program in New York City at age thirteen. He continued his studies with Abbey Simon at the University of Houston in Texas. He also took coaching from Garrick Ohlsson in San Francisco and Philippe Entremont at the Summer Academy in Nice. 
Music career.
Mr. Yung has appeared as a recitalist, chamber-musician, and soloist with orchestras throughout the United States including performances in Philadelphia, New York City, Seattle, and Houston, as well as abroad in Spain and France. He made his first public appearance at the age of 6. At age 11, he was asked to perform Beethoven's "Waldstein" Sonata at the Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts' Master Class Series. At age 13, he made his professional début with the Delaware Symphony Orchestra at the Grand Opera House Youth Concert Series. 
Notable venues include the Kimmel Center in Philadelphia, the Teatro de Puigcerdá, the Grand Opera House in Delaware, Benaroya Hall, Yamaha Salon, Steinway Hall in New York City, the Kosciuszko Foundation and the Museum of Fine Arts in Houston. He has also appeared at a number of international music festivals including the Puigcerdá International Music Festival, the The International Keyboard Institute and Festival at Mannes College, and the International Piano Festival in Houston. His recordings and interviews have been broadcast by radio and television throughout the United States and abroad.
Terence Yung has been the subject of a number of interviews by Ming Pao Daily News and Global Chinese Times as well as French Public News as an outstanding young talent from Hong Kong. Mr. Yung has been an advocate for the education and outreach of classical music. He is affiliated with Sing For Hope and has brought the gift of music to the underprivileged children of inner city Houston. 
Terence Yung is a Young Steinway Artist.

</doc>
<doc id="19000992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000992" title="Uncial 072">
Uncial 072

Uncial 072 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 011 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 5th/6th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a part of the Gospel of Mark (2:23-3:5), with only one parchment leaf (20 cm by 15 cm) surviving. The text is written in one column per page, 22 lines per page. It is a palimpsest. The upper text is Arabic.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th or 6th century.
The codex formerly was located in Damascus, in Qubbat al-Khazna.

</doc>
<doc id="19000995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19000995" title="Darrin Winston">
Darrin Winston

Darrin Alexander Winston (July 6, 1966 – August 15, 2008) was a professional baseball pitcher. He played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball, both for the Philadelphia Phillies, and also played in the Montreal Expos and Pittsburgh Pirates minor league organizations. He batted right-handed and threw left-handed during his baseball career, and was listed at 6' 0" in height and . in weight. Winston had six children and one grandchild.
Winston was born in Passaic, New Jersey. He lived in Edison and moved to Millstone Township in the late 1990s.
Baseball career.
He attended Rutgers University where he participated in college baseball. He holds Rutgers career records for victories (26), innings pitched (278) and complete games (22). He was inducted into the Rutgers University Hall of Fame in 2000. On June 1, 1988, Winston was drafted by the Montreal Expos in the 18th round of the 1988 amateur draft, and he signed with them on June 7 of that season. On October 15, 1994, Winston was granted free agency. On December 8, 1994, he signed as a free agent with the Pittsburgh Pirates. He was again granted free agency on October 15, 1995. On December 20, 1996, Winston signed as a free agent with the New York Mets. He was then released by the Mets on March 31, 1997, before playing a game in their organization. On April 7, 1997, he was signed as a free agent with the Philadelphia Phillies.
Winston made his major league debut on September 10, 1997, with the Philadelphia Phillies. On the day of his major league debut, the Phillies were playing against the New York Mets at Shea Stadium, with 13,257 people attending the game. In the bottom of the eighth inning, Winston was called upon to replace Ken Ryan, for whom Kevin Sefcik had pinch-hit in the top of the inning. He pitched one inning, striking out one batter, allowing four earned runs, three hits, and two bases on balls. The Phillies lost to the Mets, 10-2. He played his last major league game on June 25, 1998. After the season, he was not offered a contract, and became a free agent on October 15, 1998. He signed with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim on November 18, 1998, but he never played in professional baseball after that.
Death.
Winston died in Freehold Township, New Jersey, on August 15, 2008, two days after being diagnosed with lymphoma. He died after an exploratory laparotomy to obtain a lymph node and liver biopsy. @inston had a very low white and red blood cell count. He ruptured his spleen, did not have enough cells to fight it, and died at 3:28 a.m.

</doc>
<doc id="19001019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001019" title="Tim Berresheim">
Tim Berresheim

Tim Berresheim (born 1975, Heinsberg, Germany) is a contemporary German visual artist who lives and works in Cologne. 
He studied at the Hochschule der Bildenden Künste in Braunschweig from 1998 to 2000 and the Kunstakademie in Düsseldorf from 2000-2000. 
He studied under the director, actor, and screenwriter Burkhard Driest and the German artist Albert Oehlen. 
Besides making visual art, Berresheim also makes music with fellow established contemporary German artist, Jonathan Meese. 

</doc>
<doc id="19001024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001024" title="1570 Concepción earthquake">
1570 Concepción earthquake

The 1570 Concepción earthquake occurred at 9:00, on February 8, 1570. The strong earthquake destroyed Concepción, Chile. It was accompanied by a tsunami, and aftershocks were felt for months. According to NOAA at least 2000 lives were lost and every house was destroyed. Because of a delay between the earthquake and the tsunami, much of the population was able to escape to higher ground. 
The earthquake's magnitude was 8.3 Ms, located at .

</doc>
<doc id="19001051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001051" title="Narrative of the abduction phenomenon">
Narrative of the abduction phenomenon

The narrative of the abduction phenomenon is an alleged core of similarity in contents and chronology underlying various claims of forced temporary abduction of humans by apparently otherworldly beings. Proponents of the abduction phenomenon contend that this similarity is evidence of the veracity of the phenomenon as an objective reality, although this belief is disregarded by most scientists, who regard alien abduction as a purely psychological and cultural phenomenon.
Skeptics of the abduction phenomenon contend that similarities between reports arise from commonalities rooted in human psychology and neurology or cast doubt on the presence of similarities between reports at all. They note the evolving contents of abduction claims and the apparent effect of culture on the details of the narratives as evidence that the phenomenon is a purely subjective experience. Skeptics also point out the likelihood of large numbers of hoaxes being present in the abduction literature.
Currently the skeptical perspective is the most prevalent among scientists and academics. Many scientists believe that pro-abduction researchers are practising pseudoscience, alleging that they lack the skepticism and methodological rigor of true scientists.
Believers assert that it is unlikely for hundreds of people to independently generate such similar narratives while apparently having no knowledge of each other's claims. Some abduction investigators attempt to confirm the reality of events reported in abduction claims through observation or experimentation, although such efforts are generally dismissed as pseudoscientific by mainstream academics.
Overview.
Although different cases vary in detail (sometimes significantly), some UFO researchers, such as folklorist Thomas E. Bullard argue that there is a broad, fairly consistent sequence and description of events which make up the typical "close encounter of the fourth kind" (a popular but unofficial designation building on Dr. J. Allen Hynek's classifying terminology). Though the features outlined below are often reported, there is some disagreement as to exactly how often they actually occur. Some researchers (especially Budd Hopkins and David M. Jacobs) have been accused of excluding, minimising or suppressing testimony or data which do not fit a certain paradigm for the phenomenon.
Bullard argues most abduction accounts feature the following events. They generally follow the sequence noted below, though not all abductions feature all the events:
Nyman's alternate outline.
Abduction researcher Joe Nyman has composed a similar but alternative model for abduction narratives. 
When describing the "abduction scenario", David M. Jacobs says:
The entire abduction event is precisely orchestrated. All the procedures are predetermined. There is no standing around and deciding what to do next. The beings are task-oriented and there is no indication whatsoever that we have been able to find of any aspect of their lives outside of performing the abduction procedures.
Alleged alien abductions are often closely connected to UFO reports, and are sometimes supposedly conducted by so-called Greys: Short, grey-skinned humanoids with large, pear-shaped heads and enormous dark eyes, although many different types of abducting entities have been reported, and the reported abductors seem to vary by the culture and place of origin of the experience.
Capture.
Abduction claimants report unusual feelings preceding the onset of an abduction experience. These feelings manifest as a compulsive desire to be at a certain place at a certain time or as expectations that something "familiar yet unknown," will soon occur. Abductees also report feeling severe, undirected anxiety at this point even though nothing unusual has actually occurred yet. This period of foreboding can last for up to several days before the abduction actually takes place or be completely absent. 
Eventually, the experiencer will undergo an apparent "shift" into an altered state of consciousness. British abduction researchers have called this change in consciousness "the Oz Factor." External sounds cease to have any significance to the experiencer and fall out of perception. They report feeling introspective and unusually calm. This stage marks a transition from normal activity to a state of "limited self-willed mobility." As consciousness shifts one or more lights are alleged to appear, occasionally accompanied by a strange mist. The source and nature of the lights differ by report, sometimes the light emanates from a source outside the house (presumably the abductors' UFO), sometimes the lights are in the bedroom with the experiencer and transform into alien figures.
As the alleged abduction proceeds, claimants say they will walk or be levitated into an alien craft, often through solid objects like walls or a window. Alternatively, they may experience rising through a tunnel with or without the abductors accompanying them into the awaiting craft.
Most abductees report being taken from their bedroom prior to falling asleep. Typically, at the onset of the abduction experience, the abductee will report paralysis, sighting a bright light, and the appearance of humanoid figures.
In many abduction reports, the individual(s) concerned are traveling by automobile at the time of the incident, usually at night or in the early morning hours, and usually in a rural or sparsely populated area. A UFO will be seen ahead, (sometimes on the road) and the driver will either deliberately stop to investigate, or the car will stop due to apparent mechanical failure. Other forms of mechanical failure and interference are also common, such as a car radio producing static or behaving abnormally. In the occasions when they have been present, animals such as dogs usually also display a heightened fear response.
Some reports indicate the alleged aliens, often the Greys using a pencil sized, black device with a light on the end of it, to make the abductee compliant (From Nick Pope's book "The Uninvited (book)")
Upon getting out of the vehicle, the driver and passenger(s) often will experience a blank period and amnesia (see Missing Time), after which they will find themselves again standing in front of, or driving their car. While they frequently will not consciously remember the experience, either subsequent nightmares or hypnosis will reveal events interpreted as having occurred during the period lacking explicit memory.
Examination.
The examination phase of the so-called "abduction narrative" is characterized by the performance of medical procedures and examinations by apparently alien beings against or irrespective to the will of the experiencer. Such procedures often focus on sex and reproductive biology. However, the literature holds reports of a wide variety of procedures allegedly performed by the beings. The entity that appears to be in charge of the operation is often taller than the others involved.
Physician and abduction researcher Dr. John G. Miller explains that among abduction reports what stands out is the contrast between procedures performed by the alleged entities and those performed by doctors practicing typical earthly medicine. He says "we're not hearing about 'our kind of medicine'" Miller believes these differences add credibility to claims of alien abductions because if they were hoaxes or confabulations the reports should more closely resemble the earthly medicine familiar to the claimants. 
Miller notes different areas of emphasis between human medicine and what is allegedly being practiced by the abductors. The abductors' areas of interest appear to be the cranium (see below), nervous system, skin, reproductive system, and to a lesser degree, the joints. Systems given less attention than a human doctor would, or omitted entirely include cardiovascular system, the respiratory system below the pharynx and the lymphatic system. The abductors also appear to ignore the upper region of the abdomen in favor of the lower one.
There are also differences in procedure as well as emphasis between human medicine and that claimed to be practiced by the entities. Interestingly, the abductors don't appear to wear gloves during the "examination." Other constants of terrestrial medicine like pills and tablets are missing from abduction narratives although sometimes abductees are asked to drink liquids. Injections also seem to be rare and IVs are almost completely absent. Dr. Miller says he's never heard an abductee claim to have a tongue depressor used on them.
Cranial procedures.
Yvonne Smith, a certified hypnotherapist and abduction researcher, notes that "startling similarities" between abductees reporting procedures performed on the head arise when comparing reports of hypnotically retrieved abduction memories. She states that the most commonly reported sensations and procedures performed to the head are feelings of pressure in or on the head and the insertion of needles into the scalp. During cranial procedures the abductee's head is often restrained by a strap or metal bar drawn across the forehead. The abductors sometimes will touch the forehead of the experiencer, which strangely, seems to ease their anxiety and whatever physical pain they may be experiencing.
Reports of the entities drilling into the skull have also been given by several of Smith's clients. In one instance the claimed site of the drilling corresponded with an actual red mark on the back of experiencer's head. An attempt to document this mark photographically was made, but turned out unsuccessful. The same client reported smelling something burning upon the termination of the procedure. Smith has wondered if this could represent the being cauterizing the wound left by the drilling procedure by the abducting entities.
Other common cranial procedures involve the ears. Reports of pressure or intense heat being experienced within one or both ears are the most common given during the hypnotic retrieval of memories. Experiencers have compared these sensations to the insertions of long needles and to having a high powered laser aimed into the ear. 
The insertion of long needle-like objects into the nasal passages is also common in reported abductions, and always allegedly performed without the aid of a speculum. This is quite unlike typical earthly medicine where a speculum would be used to allow doctors to see what they're doing. John G. Miller asserts "We medical practitioners certainly do not 'blindly' insert long objects into our patients' noses." He speculates that this probing may represent a biopsy of the olfactory mucous membrane. However, sometimes it is reported that these long probes are used to insert spherical metallic "implants" into the nasal cavity. Abductees reporting these implants often claim to experience nosebleeds after the alleged abduction.
One of Smith's clients reported the removal of his skull cap and some sort of procedure being performed to his exposed brain with a needle-like instrument. The procedure reminded him of welding. One of his abductors tried to reassure him verbally while the apparent neurological procedure was being performed.
Reproductive, gynecological and urological procedures.
Many female abductees report a "gynecological" aspect to the abduction experience, although staples of terrestrial gynecology such as the bimanual pelvic exam are missing from the alleged abduction experiences. Sometimes reports are made where the abductees are made to have sex with apparent human–alien hybrids or other abductees. David M. Jacobs says that sex with full-blooded aliens "is not a feature of the abduction scenario." Males report that sperm is either taken and/or they have sex with the aliens. (From Nick Pope's book "The Uninvited (book)")
One procedure reported occurring during the alleged exam phase of the experience is the insertion of a long needle-like contraption into a woman's navel. Although most well known to have occurred in the Betty and Barney Hill abduction as a "pregnancy test", this feature has even been reported by little girls.
Other procedures.
Skin scrapings are a staple of abduction reports from as far back as the Hill encounter. According to Richard Hall, most skin scrapings are reportedly take from the arms and collar bone region. Physician and abduction researcher John Altshuler notes that the main reasons a human doctor would collect skin scrapings would be to check for bacterial or fungal infections. Altshuler dismisses speculation from other abduction researchers that the aliens are collecting the skin samples to analyze the DNA contained therein because the samples would not constitute "a rich source of DNA."
Reported devices and instruments.
When the Grey aliens encounter an abductee who will resist capture, is even combative, the aliens use a device that is black, cylindrical, the size of a US No.#2 pencil, has a bluish light on one end. The alien fires this at the abductee to render the abductee compliant. It is like the "phaser" seen in the "Star Trek" franchise when being fired, (Source: Nick Pope's book "The Uninvited (book)") only that it fires a bluish-white beam. It causes no pain, but numbs the human will.
Although the chest is not an area of emphasis to the alleged abductors, it is sometimes reported that a device of some sort is placed on the chest. Physician and abduction researcher Dr. John G. Miller says that he can't distinguish whether this device is an EKG, chest X-ray or echocardiogram. Experiencers also sometimes report the being targeted by "diffused colored lights" during the examination. John G. Miller notes that phototherapy is rare in human medicine.
When the abductors appear to use devices analogous to those used in human medicine, they are often quite different, for example, alleged alien syringes are often reported as being "three pronged."
Subsequent Abduction Procedures.
After the so-called medical exam, the alleged abductees often report other procedures being performed with the entities. Common among these post-examination procedures are what abduction researchers refer to as imaging, envisioning, staging, and testing.
Child Presentation.
Abductees of all ages (even small children) and genders sometimes report being subjected to a "child presentation." As its name implies, the child presentation involves the abduction claimant being shown a "child." Often the children appear to be neither human, nor the same species as the abductors. Instead, the child will almost always share characteristics of "both" species. These children are labeled by experiencers as hybrids between humans and their abductors, usually Greys. It has been speculated that these children are the products of the reproductive procedures performed during the medical phase of the abduction. 
Unlike Budd Hopkins and David Jacobs, folklorist Thomas Bullard could not identify a child presentation phase in the abduction narrative, even after undertaking a study of 300 abduction reports. Bullard says that the child presentation "seems to be an innovation in the story." And that "no clear antecedents" to descriptions of the child presentation phase exists prior to its popularization by Hopkins and Jacobs. 
The hybrid children appearing in reported presentations vary in age and are often encountered over the course of several abductions. It is reported that they seem to age normally over the course of repeated alleged abductions. In reported abductions, after reaching adolescence the hybrids begin assisting the strange entities in administering the abduction procedure. Furthermore, when they reach adulthood, the hybrids become completely involved in the operation and will not be the subject of "presentation" to the abductee. Some abductees have reported being made to have sex with hybrids.
The hybrid children are sometimes described as being kept in nurseries. There are usual 10-50 hybrids present, but some claimants have reported greater numbers. Interestingly, some alleged abductees have reported "incubatoria," where the walls are lined with fluid filled containers where developing hybrid fetuses are kept.
When the child is presented to the abductee, the abductors appear to have specific expectations of what the abductee is to do with the child. Sometimes the abductee will be required to show affection towards the children by hugging them, or if presented with younger hybrids, to cradle them close to the body. Sometimes the hybrid will engage in a "mindscan" of the abductee. Female abductees have reported being ordered to breastfeed hybrid infants. The alleged experiencers' reaction to this command varies, sometimes they comply, but some women are horrified by the thought.
Less common elements.
Folklorist Dr. Thomas E. Bullard conducted a study of 300 reports of alien abduction in an attempt to observe the less prominent aspects of the claims. He notes the emergence of four general categories of events which recur regularly, although not as frequently as stereotypical happenings like the medical examination. These four types of events are:
Chronologically within abduction reports these rarer episodes tend to happen in the order listed, between the medical examination and the return.
Conference.
After allegedly displaying cold callous disregard towards the abduction experiencers, sometimes the entities will change drastically in behavior once the initial medical exam is completed. They become more relaxed and hospitable towards their captive and lead him or her away from the site of the examination. The entities then hold a conference with the experiencer, wherein they discuss things relevant to the abduction phenomenon. In Dr. Bullard's study, 79 out of 300 studied abduction claims included a conference narrative. Not all conferences are reported to occur in the same manner. Bullard notes five general categories of discussion that occur during the conference "phase" of reported abduction narratives:
During an interrogaton session one party involved in the abduction will question the other. This can mean that the witness is permitted to ask questions of his captors or that the entities will ask questions of the experiencer. The entities usually ask about aspects of human life that appear to puzzle them. Dr. Bullard notes, "Time, life-spans, emotions and the individuality of humans seem to be recurrent topics." The aliens also sometimes question the abductees about life on earth, or on their reproductive practices. In some cases, the aliens make inquiries about advanced scientific concepts, such as theoretical physics or neutron bomb technologies, apparently under the assumption that all humans are familiar with these concepts.
The explanatory segment is a phase where the abductors will explain their motives to their captive, why the abductee was chosen as opposed to another human, or other things relating to the abduction phenomenon. Sometimes the entities will apologize for the cruel treatment they gave the abductee when they subjected them to being kidnapped and the medical examination. The entities often appear reluctant to disclose certain pieces of information, especially regarding their origins. Sometimes it seems like the entities are being dishonest towards the alleged experiencer. No two abduction claimants in the three hundred studied by Dr. Bullard gave identical places of origin for the aliens that allegedly abducted them.
The task assignment phase, if present, involves a request or command from the abductors to the experiencer to be performed on their behalf. Usually the assigned task is some form of reconnaissance or information gathering, often related to human emotion or everyday life. Implicit in the assignment is the idea that the experiencer will be abducted again in the future.
Warnings are sometimes given by the entities about the possibilities of future calamity resulting from current trends in human society such as warfare and the development of weapons of mass destruction or pollution and environmental concerns. Sometimes the entities go a step farther and issue specific prophecies of future disaster. The entities often claim that they will attempt to help humanity recover in the aftermath of the prophesied calamity. At times abduction claimants have reported that specific dates were given to them for a disaster to occur yet none of these specific prophecies has ever come to pass.
Tour.
Tours of the abductors' craft are a rare but recurring feature of the abduction narrative. Thomas Bullard reports that in a study of 300 reported abduction events, only 16 contained some sort of tour. The tour seems to be given by the alleged abductors as a courtesy in response to the harshness and physical rigors of the forced medical examination.
Abduction claimants often feel that the "engine room" is the most memorable aspect, although control rooms and in very rare cases living or recreation areas have been visited in some reports. The "engine" of the craft is sometimes described as being composed of "crystals and rotor-like devices."
Journey.
Although being transported from familiar terrestrial surroundings is an inherent part of the abduction phenomenon, some reports make claims of further transport when taken into the abductors' vessel. Sometimes the abductee reports that this journey is constrained to earth or in orbit around it. However, there are reports of journeys to what appear to be other planets.
When an otherworldly journey starts in these reports, the abductors often put the abductee in some sort of protective environment usually described as a chamber filled with liquid. In some bizarre cases, the travel isn't accomplished by means of the abductors' vessel at all, but rather through some sort of out-of-body state.
Once in motion, the vessel (often described as a UFO) will enter a "mother ship" or end up traveling underwater or underground to a strange, otherworldly location. This "otherworld" is often described as being a desert wasteland with a futuristic city. Occasionally the landscape is quite different from this, almost jungle-like, although the futuristic city is also present. Abductees have reported encountering other humans on these foreign worlds, or visiting zoos and museums.
Theophany.
While some abductees find that the experience is terrifying, particularly if the aliens are of a more fearsome species, or if the abductee was subjected to extensive probing and medical testing, other abductees experience "theophany" — a sense of oneness with the universe or with God, described by Dr. Kenneth Ring as a "greater awareness of the interconnectedness and sacredness of all life". According to some researchers, theophanies are a rare feature of abduction reports. Only 6 of 300 reports in a study by Thomas Bullard volunteered information pertaining to this feature. Others researchers suggest that investigators have overlooked this feature; psychologist Susan A. Clancy, a skeptic at Harvard Medical School who studied abductees' psychology, noted that "all of the subjects, without exception, said they felt 'changed' because of their experiences. ...Abductees have said, it 'enlarged my world view,' 'gave me wisdom to share,' 'caused me to care about the spiritual path of mankind,' 'expanded my reality'." "Being abducted by aliens," she concludes, "is a transformative event. ...It's clear that people get from their abduction beliefs the same things that millions of people the world over derive from their religions: meaning, reassurance, mystical revelation, spirituality, transformation." Some abduction-induced theophanies have included visions or insight into alien religions. It is not known whether this is a psychological phenomenon that occurs within the abductee due to their own beliefs, or if it is imparted to the abductee by the purported alien beings.
Return.
Eventually the abductors will return the abductees to "terra firma", usually to exactly the same location and circumstances they were in prior to being taken. Usually, explicit memories of the abduction experience will not be present, and the abductee will realize they've experienced "missing time" upon checking a timepiece. 
Sometimes the alleged abductors appear to make mistakes when returning their captives. Famed UFO researcher Budd Hopkins has joked about "the cosmic application of Murphy's Law" in response to this observation. Hopkins has estimated that these "errors" accompany 4-5% of abduction reports. One type of common apparent mistake made by the abductors is failing to return the experiencer to the same spot that they were taken from initially. This can be as simple as a different room in the same house, or abductees can even find themselves outside and all the doors of the house are locked from the inside.
David M. Jacobs recounts an interesting report of a more severe "wrong location" mistake. She claims that she was driving and the next thing she knew, about 5 hours had passed. She was standing in the middle of a cornfield with her car nearby. There was no evidence that she had driven there as the stalks of corn were all intact and upright. Suddenly she loses consciousness briefly and then finds herself on the road driving again. It was as if the abductors had accidentally returned her to the wrong place, realized what they had done, and then corrected their mistake. 
Some abduction claimants have reported being returned to the correct location, but in a different circumstance. Common reports will have the abductee clothed when they went to bed, but nude when they awaken. Sometimes their clothes will be folded by their bedside, missing, or in rare cases, "someone else's" clothes will be there and their own clothing lost. Reports have been made of people awakening to find that their clothes are being worn improperly in bizarre ways (e.g. a long sleeve shirt apparently forced up over the legs like a pair of pants). The body or other objects may be covered with a fine dust.
It should be noted that some have speculated that these apparently bizarre, pointless behaviors were not mistakes at all.
Missing time.
Dr. Don C. Donderi writes that "In many of these abduction accounts, there is independent confirmation of missing time--emotionally stable people arriving hours late after long or short automobile journeys. There is independent confirmation of abduction events reported under hypnosis, sometimes by non hypnotized observers and sometimes by other hypnotized witnesses" (Donderi, 66)
Realization event.
Physician and abduction researcher John G. Miller sees significance in the reason a person would come to see themselves as being a victim of the abduction phenomenon. He terms the insight or development leading to this shift in identity from non-abductee to abductee the "realization event." The realization event is often a single, memorable experience, but Miller reports that not all abductees experience it as a distinct episode. Either way, the realization event can be thought of as the "clinical horizon" of the abduction experience. Dr. Miller has compiled an incomplete list of common triggers for the realization event in a paper presented at the 1992 alien abduction conference held at MIT:
Sometimes the advent of the realization that one is an abductee can cause a "flood" of previously hidden memories of one's perceived encounters with "the entities." Although the realization event is sometimes triggered by an attempt to hypnotically retrieve memories, it is frequently remembered consciously without any such assistance. Consequently, Miller sees it as a good "starting point" for a researcher investigating an individual subject.
Skeptical response.
Role of hypnosis and investigators in shaping the narrative.
Skeptics Robert Sheaffer and Phillip J. Klass agree that individual abduction researchers appear to exert influence on the characteristics of narratives retrieved during hypnotic recall. This influence tends to shape recovered abduction narratives in a way that reinforces the preconceived biases of the individual researcher. Klass jokingly recommends those considering hypnotic regression to uncover abduction memories to visit R. Leo Sprinkle, whose regression sessions more frequently "uncover" reports of benevolent aliens. Sheaffer also cites research done into hypnosis as a method for enhancing memory that concludes that false memories, subjectively real to the patient, can be created merely through suggestions while they are in a hypnotic trance.
Effect of geography and culture on abduction reports.
Although proponents have argued that there is a core narrative consistent across abduction claims, there is little doubt that variation occurs in the details of reports across cultures and geographic boundaries. Skeptics like Robert Sheaffer assert that this variation supports a psycho-social hypothesis as an explanation for the origin of the abduction phenomenon. The quantity and not just quality of reports appears to be affected by culture as abduction reports are made less frequently in non-English speaking countries. 
Furthermore, the contents and structure of the "abduction narrative" as outlined by researchers like Nyman and Bullard was already established in fictional form by 1930 in a Buck Rogers strip. 
The strip depicts an alien craft piloted by martian "Tiger Men" which capture a female character and subject her to similar treatment as those in real-world abduction claims. The story is structurally more similar to the archetypal narrative outline devised by Bullard than the vast majority of those in Bullard's own catalogue of cases!
However, Bullard does not see evidence for influence on abduction claimants from science fiction sources. In an essay, Bullard writes that "The small showing for monstrous types and the fact that they concentrate in less reliable cases should disappoint skeptics who look for the origin of abductions in the influence of Hollywood. Nothing like the profusion of imaginative screen aliens appears in the abduction literature."
There are however cultural differences in perception of these reported incidents. The frightening "terror abduction" experience is reported mainly in the USA, while in the rest of the world, the ET encounters are said to be largely benevolent—this apparent incongruity perhaps raising a question as to the phenomenon's origins.
Although in North America, "aliens" of extraterrestrial origin are the most commonly blamed in these incidents, in Europe and other parts of the world, the beings involved are as often perceived to be demonic or spiritual in origin. Common elements in the descriptions of abductions and visitations vary by region and local culture, with only a very few elements being the same worldwide, such as an otherworldly sensation, reports of mind control, repressed memories being rediscovered, and sexual experiences. These elements, and many aspects of what witnesses describe, are very common in old stories of encounters with faeries, demons, and other magical creatures.
See also.
The Fourth Kind (2009 movie)

</doc>
<doc id="19001052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001052" title="Damir Skomina">
Damir Skomina

Damir Skomina (born 5 August 1976 in Koper) is a UEFA football referee from Slovenia.
Skomina was the fourth referee at several UEFA Euro 2008 matches. He refereed the quarter-final match of the football tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He refereed the 2011–12 UEFA Champions League round of 16 match between Arsenal and Milan. He also refereed in the 2011–12 UEFA Champions League quarter-final match between Chelsea and Benfica at Stamford Bridge.
At UEFA Euro 2012, Skomina refereed three matches: two group matches and a quarterfinal between Germany and Greece. Later that year, he was appointed as a referee at the 2012 UEFA Super Cup between Chelsea and Atlético Madrid.
He was the Fourth official in the 2013 UEFA Champions League Final.

</doc>
<doc id="19001053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001053" title="HD 12139">
HD 12139

HD 12139 or ADS 1582 D is Star in double system.

</doc>
<doc id="19001118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001118" title="The Residences">
The Residences

The Residences is a complex of 18 residential towers in the Downtown Dubai development in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Ten have been completed and eight more were under construction but have been canceled.
Towers.
The complex was originally to consists of 18 skyscrapers, only 10 have been built.

</doc>
<doc id="19001133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001133" title="János Gyarmati">
János Gyarmati

János Gyarmati (born 8 February 1910 in Tapioszele, died 29 August 1974 in Budapest) was a Hungarian footballer and coach. He played for Szeged FC, and won three caps for Hungary between 1937 and 1938. He later coached in East Germany, managing VP Dresden, DHfK Leipzig, Vorwärts Berlin and Dynamo Berlin, as well as coaching the East German national team from 1955 to 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="19001175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001175" title="List of International Formula 3000 drivers">
List of International Formula 3000 drivers

This is a List of International Formula 3000 drivers, that is, a list of drivers who have made at least one race entry in the International Formula 3000 auto racing championship (also known as European Formula 3000) between 1985 and 2004. The list does not include data from non-championship races.
The twenty champions are highlighted in blue.

</doc>
<doc id="19001197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001197" title="Brian Greer">
Brian Greer

Brian Keith Greer (born May 14, 1959 in Lynwood, California) is a former Major League Baseball player. 
Greer was drafted eighth overall in the 1977 draft. He appeared in five games with the San Diego Padres in and .
He was the youngest player on the Padres in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19001209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001209" title="Naamua Delaney">
Naamua Delaney

Naamua Delaney was a news anchor for CNN from December, 2007, to November, 2009. She began her career as an entertainment reporter for MTN in Winnipeg, Canada. She graduated from Law School at the University of London.
Born in Kent, England, Naamua graduated with an L.L.B law degree from University College London. She then traveled to Vancouver, Canada on the Student Work Abroad Program, and began working first for a local newspaper, and then for a music/entertainment show as a writer and co-host. In 1996 Naamua landed her first broadcasting job with the Manitoba Television Network in Winnipeg, Canada. She then spent two years as an entertainment reporter and host at Vancouver Television, part of the Canadian Television Network.
Now living in the Atlanta area, Naamua enjoys being an involved member of her community. She has participated in many charitable and educational events, including serving as a moderator for the Harvard Business School's 30th annual H. Naylor Fitzhugh Conference; as an emcee for Action for Boston Community Development's 40th Annual Awards Dinner and an emcee of the United Way's Champion of Change award ceremony.
In 1999, she joined CTV in Vancouver as an entertainment reporter and then moved to WFXT in Boston in 1999, where she was an entertainment/lifestyles reporter. Delaney joined WNYW in New York in 2003 as an entertainment and lifestyle reporter and was the recipient of an Emmy in 2005. Before joining CNN.com, Delaney was the host of a daily talk show with the NBC network's iVillage Live.
Naamua's father is Ghanaian and her mother is British.
On November 12, 2009, Naamua, plus three others, were let go from CNN.com live. Naamua's bio was removed from the CNN page.

</doc>
<doc id="19001230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001230" title="Sidney Jonas Budnick">
Sidney Jonas Budnick

Sidney Jonas Budnick (June 18, 1921 – August 25, 1994) was an American abstract artist. He was born and raised in New York City where he developed a passion for art early in his life.
Biography.
Sidney Budnick also was encouraged by Hilla Rebay, the artistic advisor for Solomon R. Guggenheim. In 1939 Guggenheim and Rebay opened the Museum of Non-objective Painting, later named the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum. Rebay supported many artist, including Sidney Budnick, by hiring them as support staff at the museum. Some of Sidney Budnick's early work is classified with other works of the Museum of Non-objective Painting.
After serving in the army during World War II, Sidney Budnick earned his Bachelor of Art degree at the IIT Institute of Design. While there he studied under László Moholy-Nagy, the founding director of the New Bauhaus and head of the School of Design (renamed the Institute of Design in 1944). 
In 1952 he completed his Master in Architecture at the Harvard Graduate School of Design studying under Walter Gropius, the founder of the Bauhaus school in Germany. 
Sidney Budnick was an architect for the Department of Parks and Recreation for the State of California for many years.
Although Sidney Budnick earned his living as an architect in California, supporting his wife and three children, he painted throughout his life until he died in 1994 in Oregon.
Sidney Budnick's work was included in an exhibition organized by Katherine Kuh at the Art Institute of Chicago in 1948, entitled, "American Abstract and Surrealist Art." His work is included in the collections of the Guggenheim Museum, Museum of Modern Art and the J. Donald Nichols collection.
References.
Wake Forest University, American Abstract Art of the 1930s and 1940s: The J. Donald Nichols Collection, 1998
Further reading.
Katherine Kuh, "Abstract and Surrealist American Art. Prize Winners: The Fifty-Eighth Annual Exhibition of American Painting and Sculpture", Art Institute of Chicago, 1947

</doc>
<doc id="19001235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001235" title="William Froehlich">
William Froehlich

William H. Froehlich was a politician from the U.S. state of Wisconsin. He served as that state's sixteenth Secretary of State, serving two terms from January 2, 1899 to January 5, 1903. He was a Republican and served under governors Edward Scofield and Robert La Follette, Sr..
He resided in Jackson, Wisconsin at the time of his election.

</doc>
<doc id="19001261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001261" title="Jamie A. Koufman">
Jamie A. Koufman

Jamie A. Koufman is a physician and researcher on the topic of acid reflux. She coined the terms “laryngopharyngeal reflux” and “silent reflux".
Koufman is the founder and director of the Voice Institute of New York, a comprehensive voice and reflux treatment center, and Professor of Clinical Otolaryngology at New York Medical College. As a surgeon, Koufman pioneered laryngeal framework surgery in the United States and was a founding member of the International Association of Phonosurgery. She performs voice (vocal cord) reconstruction surgery and office-based minimally invasive laryngeal laser surgery.
Koufman is a past president of the American Bronchoesophagological Association. She has received the Honor Award and the Distinguished Service Awards of the American Academy of Otolaryngology, as well as the Casselberry Award and a Presidential Citation from the American Laryngological Association. For 25 years, Dr. Koufman has lectured and published in the fields of laryngology and acid reflux research. Castle Connolly has listed Dr. Koufman as a "Top Doctor" every year since 2001.
Koufman is the principal author of "Dropping Acid: The Reflux Diet Cookbook & Cure", which provides information on healthy eating for people with acid reflux.

</doc>
<doc id="19001263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001263" title="Morosi's Mountain">
Morosi's Mountain

Moorosi's Mountain (also known historically as Morosi's Mountain) is situated on the banks of the Senqu or Orange River in Lesotho. Impregnable on three sides and accessible only on the fourth, the 1,500-foot-high mountain was the site of a war in southern Basutoland (modern Lesotho) in1879 that preceded the Gun War, also known as the Basuto War. The mountain was named after Moorosi, the king of the Baphuthi, who fortified the accessible side with stone walls and established a village on the flat mountain top, from where he defended his people against a series of attacks by the Cape Colony, which sought to take control of the land and its people. The dramatic full story of the war and the events that led up to it are told in the book: Moorosi: A South African king's battle for survival by Graham Fysh.
For actions during the siege three Victoria Crosses were awarded to colonial troops: Peter Brown, Edmund Hartley and Robert Scott.

</doc>
<doc id="19001266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001266" title="Peñasco, New Mexico">
Peñasco, New Mexico

Peñasco is a census-designated place (CDP) in Taos County, New Mexico, United States. It is on the scenic High Road to Taos. The population is estimated at about 2,000 (2010).
Geography.
Peñasco is located at (36.172073, -105.689491).
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of 1.2 square miles (3.1 km²), all land.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 572 people, 227 households, and 165 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 474.9 people per square mile (184.0/km²). There were 272 housing units at an average density of 225.8 per square mile (87.5/km²). The racial makeup of the CDP was 11.54% White, 0.70% African American, 1.40% Native American, 0.17% Pacific Islander, 82.34% from other races, and 3.85% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 91.26% of the population.
There were 407 households out of which 39.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were married couples living together, 16.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.3% were non-families. 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals and 7.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.96.
In the CDP the population was spread out with 29.9% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 28.5% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 10.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.0 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $23,588, and the median income for a family was $26,733. Males had a median income of $31,389 versus $21,607 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $11,564. About 21.1% of families and 21.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.8% of those under age 18 and 19.6% of those age 65 or over.

</doc>
<doc id="19001298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001298" title="Ushigome-yanagichō Station">
Ushigome-yanagichō Station

The station derives its name from an old name of the neighborhood which was formerly known as Ichigaya-yanagi town in the Ushigome ward. While most of the station is below Ichigaya-yanagi town ("Ichigaya-yanagi-chō"), its official address is in neighboring Hara.

</doc>
<doc id="19001307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001307" title="Walter Houser">
Walter Houser

Walter L. Houser (May 6, 1855–April 7, 1928) was a politician from the U.S. state of Wisconsin. He served as that state's seventeenth Secretary of State of Wisconsin, serving two terms from January 5, 1903 to January 7, 1907. He was a Republican and served under governors Robert La Follette, Sr. and James O. Davidson.
He resided in Mondovi, Wisconsin at the time of his election, where he also served as mayor.

</doc>
<doc id="19001313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001313" title="Cobe Trophy Race">
Cobe Trophy Race

The Cobe Trophy Race was an automobile race held in Indiana, in 1909 and 1910. The trophy was named for, and donated by, Ira M. Cobe, president of the Chicago Automobile Club. As one of the first long-distance races in the area, it was billed as the "Vanderbilt of the west," a reference to the Vanderbilt Cup Race, which had been held in Long Island, New York since 1904. The first running took place at the Crown Point Road Race Circuit, in northwestern Indiana. For the second year, proposals were submitted by the Indianapolis Motor Speedway and by the Elgin Road Race Course, just west of Chicago. Ultimately, the Board of Managers of the Chicago Automobile Club decided to make the 1910 race a speedway event, rather than a road course contest, and hence the second race was run at Indianapolis. At the time of this decision, the Club also announced the intent to bring the race to the Chicago area in 1911. As it turns out, though, there was no Cobe Trophy race in 1911 or in later years. Only two drivers competed in both Cobe races, 1909 winner Louis Chevrolet and his teammate, Bob Burman.

</doc>
<doc id="19001324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001324" title="Crown Point Road Race Circuit">
Crown Point Road Race Circuit

The Crown Point Road Race Circuit was an automobile race course located in northwest Indiana, and operated only during the summer of 1909. It was made up of public highways, with a lap distance of . The majority of the course was on rural highways, with several long straightaways, one exceeding . The course also went through the towns of Crown Point, Lowell and Cedar Lake. In preparation for use as a race course, pedestrian bridges were built over the road (as well as one large enough to accommodate horses), several grandstands were erected, and nine telegraph stations were in place to relay news to the spectators. The feature event was the Cobe Trophy Race, promoted by the Chicago Automobile Club and its president, Ira Cobe. The day before, the Indiana Trophy Race was held for smaller cars (those with engines of less than 300 cubic inch displacement). Five drivers competed in both races (including Cobe Trophy winner Louis Chevrolet). Ultimately, the course was a commercial disappointment, as spectators chose to watch from the miles of open countryside, and bring their own picnics, rather than pay for the grandstands and concessions offered by the promoters.
Race results.
"1909 Cobe Cup Race Route"
Sources.
"The Cobe Cup Auto Race of 1909;" "Lowell Tribune;" Apr. 28, 1998 (on line at http://www.lowellpl.lib.in.us/s1998apr.htm).
"Crowds Expected At Cobe Trophy;" "New York Times;" April 4, 1909.
http://www.motorsport.com/stats/champ/byyear.asp?Y=1909
http://www.champcarstats.com/year/1909.htm

</doc>
<doc id="19001372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001372" title="Simon Bamford">
Simon Bamford

Simon John Bamford (born 22 May 1961) in Bedford, England is an English film, television and stage actor. He is well known for playing the Butterball Cenobite in Hellraiser in 1987 and in its sequel in 1988.
Career.
A professional actor for over 30 years Simon has worked all over the world. At the Young Vic in London, he played Ernst Robel in 'Spring Awakening', At the Chichester Festival Theatre he played opposite Nicholas Parsons and Ruthie Henshall as 'Gabby' in 'Follow the Star', In Cairo and Bucharest he performed in 'The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (Abridged)' and played Roy in 'Neville's Island'. He played the Butterball Cenobite in the first two Hellraiser films. He also created and played the role of Ohnaka in Clive Barker's holocaust film 'Nightbreed'. In 2009, he played Derek in 'The Book of Blood' for Matador Pictures, Gary in 'Dead of the Nite' shot in Cardiff during 2012 and is filming 'The 4th Reich' in the Ukraine during 2013. On television, he can be seen in the SKY TV 'Better Effect' commercials. In 2000, he won actor of the year award for his portrayal of Pip in 'Great Expectations' at the Vassa Theatre in Stockholm, and has also designed and directed several international tours including 'The Big Day' in Sofia, Qatar and Dubai as well as Educating Rita in Kuala Lumpur. In 2004 he took a production of 'Shirley Valentine' to Karachi to help raise money for a new school.
Other work.
He has been a theatre reviewer for 'The Stage' newspaper since 2006 and is guest speaker at film conventions in Los Angeles, Indianapolis, Bottrop, Münster, Orlando, Boston, London and New York.
External links.
simonbamford.com

</doc>
<doc id="19001376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001376" title="Abctales">
Abctales

Abctales.com is a British writers' website first established in December 2000. It originated as an idea of "The Big Issue" founder John Bird and was started by Gordon Roddick, co-founder of "The Body Shop", and Tony Cook, co-founder of "Red Pepper Magazine". Tony Cook has now stepped down. Bird and Roddick are also no longer involved.
Aims.
The site is aimed at those who wish to write and get their work in the public domain.
Writing.
Writers can upload stories, poems, scripts, or blogs. Editors highlight the better writing, or writing that has improved dramatically, by awarding a cherry. .

</doc>
<doc id="19001377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001377" title="John Donald (Wisconsin politician)">
John Donald (Wisconsin politician)

John Sweet Donald (1869–1934) was a politician and dentist from the U.S. state of Wisconsin. He served as that state's nineteenth Secretary of State, serving two terms from January 6, 1913 to January 1, 1917. He was a Republican and served under governors Francis E. McGovern and Emanuel L. Philipp.
He resided in Mt. Horeb, Wisconsin at the time of his election. He served in both houses of the Wisconsin State Legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="19001380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001380" title="Lucy Lightfoot">
Lucy Lightfoot

Lucy Lightfoot is the name of a girl who supposedly disappeared mysteriously from the Isle of Wight in 1831.
Disappearance.
Lucy was born at a farm near Bowcombe. She was last seen around 10:30 on the morning of 13 June 1831. There was a near total eclipse of the sun that day, lasting about half an hour. A violent thunder storm also struck the island, causing flooding and crop damage. After the storm had abated, her horse was found tied to the gate at St. Olave's Church in Gatcombe. Lucy was nowhere to be found. Her parents offered a large award for her return, but moved away after two years searching turned up nothing.
Also of note is the detail that a steel misericord attached to a wooden effigy of Edward Estur was found shattered after her disappearance. A valuable chrysoberyl set in lodestone on the hilt was found to be missing.
Explanations.
The most prominent explanation turns to a possible time slip. Supposedly research by the Rev Samuel Trelawney in 1865 unearthed a manuscript by Phillip de Mezières, chancellor of Peter I, listing the names of the English knights recruited by Peter I of Cyprus in 1363. One Sir Edward Estur was listed as being accompanied by a girl with the same name as Lucy, from Carisbrooke Castle.
Fictional.
The whole incident was made up by the vicar of St. Olaves in the 1960s, which he subsequently admitted.
In media.
Fiction.
The book "The Grass Beyond the Door" by Cicely Adams Veighey is based on the legend.
"A Tapestry of Time: Or Effigy of Love" by Cecily Gould is also based on the legend.
For The Love Of Lucy by Andrew J. Müller, published in IN FRONT Magazine in March 1999.
Music.
A song by Spherical Objects titled "Lucy" was inspired by the legend. It appeared in the 1979 album "Elliptical Optimism"

</doc>
<doc id="19001383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001383" title="Charles T. Payne">
Charles T. Payne

Charles Thomas Payne (born 1925) is an American who served in the U.S. military during World War II as a member of the U.S. Army's 89th Infantry Division that liberated Ohrdruf, a sub-camp of the Buchenwald concentration camp. He was 20 years old at the time. He is Barack Obama's great uncle (the younger brother of his late maternal grandmother Madelyn Lee Payne Dunham) and has been mentioned in Obama's speeches including the one given in 2009 commemorating the anniversary of D-Day.
Obama has often described Payne's role in liberating Ohrdruf forced labor camp. There was brief media attention when Obama mistakenly identified the camp as Auschwitz during the campaign. In 2009, Payne spoke about this experiences:"Ohrdruf was in that string of towns going across, south of Gotha and Erfurt. Our division was the first one in there. When we arrived there were no German soldiers anywhere around that I knew about. There was no fighting against the Germans, no camp guards. The whole area was overrun by people from the camp dressed in the most pitiful rags, and most of them were in a bad state of starvation."Payne appeared in the visitor's gallery at the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Colorado, when his great-nephew was nominated for President. He was the assistant director of the University of Chicago's Library.

</doc>
<doc id="19001385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001385" title="List of Chief Ministers of the Northern Territory by time in office">
List of Chief Ministers of the Northern Territory by time in office

This is a list of Chief Ministers of the Northern Territory by time in office. The basis of the list is the inclusive number of days between dates.
Rank by time in office.
"Parties:"
Goff Letts (CLP) won the first Northern Territory election on 19 October 1974. His role was as Majority Leader. Paul Everingham (CLP) became the first Chief Minister of the Northern Territory when the territory attained self-government on 1 July 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19001386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001386" title="Muhammad Yar Shah">
Muhammad Yar Shah

Grand Ayatollah Allama Syed Muhammad Yar Shah Naqvi Najafi (born 1913 in Alipur Panjab, died 1990) the First Biggest prominent Shia scholar in Pakistan. He proceeded to Najaf Ashraf and returned from there in 1940. He was a brave and fearless religious scholar. He taught a lot of ulama through his knowledge, strong character and personality.
See also.
the First Biggest prominent Shia scholar in Pakistan Ustad ul ulama Grand Ayatullah Syed Muhammad Yar Shah Naqvi Najfi. Ayatollah Muhammad Hussain Najafi

</doc>
<doc id="19001390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001390" title="HD 17471">
HD 17471

HD 17471 or VZ Arietis is a variable star of Alpha2 Canum Venaticorum type.
VZ Arietis was a latter designation of 16 Trianguli.

</doc>
<doc id="19001422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001422" title="The Fallout Club">
The Fallout Club

The Fallout Club was a British synthpop and new wave band formed by Irish singer Trevor Herion, the experimental drummer Paul Simon, future successful Thomas Dolby on keyboards, and bassist Matthew Seligman in 1981. Herion and Simon formed the band shortly after the demise of their previous group, The Civilians, while Dolby was in Bruce Woolley and The Camera Club Seligman, who also had played in The Soft Boys.
The band only released singles: "Falling Years"/"The Beat Boys", "Dream Soldiers", "Pedestrian Walkway", "Wonderlust"/"Desert Song" (Happy Birthday Records, 1981). The group was short-lived and split-up shortly afterwards. Dolby went successfully solo, Simon went to work with Glen Matlock, Seligman joined The Thompson Twins (who counted with a brief collaboration of Dolby), and Herion also went solo, but failed to get hits to releasing his "Beauty Life" album in 1983, and died in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19001454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001454" title="Frank Nelson (politician)">
Frank Nelson (politician)

Sir Frank Nelson KCMG (1883 – 11 August 1966) was a British civil servant and Conservative Party politician.
He was educated at Bedford School and Neuenheim College, Heidelberg. After leaving school he travelled to India as an assistant with Symons, Barlow and Co, rising to be a senior partner. During the First World War he served with the Bombay Light Horse. In 1922 he was made chairman of the Bombay Chamber of Commerce, and was then made President of the Associatied Chambers of Commerce of India and Ceylon in 1923. 
From 1922 to 1924 Nelson was a member of the legislative council of Bombay. In 1924 he was knighted and returned to England, where he was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Stroud at the general election in October 1924. He was reelected in 1929 but resigned his seat in May 1931 in order to go into business.
At the outbreak of the Second World War he was the Consul to Basel, but after the formation of the Special Operations Executive or SOE in 1940 he was appointed as its chief by order of the War Office. He wore himself out establishing the organisation, and retired in 1942 due to ill-health.

</doc>
<doc id="19001514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001514" title="Elmer Hall">
Elmer Hall

Elmer Stephen Hall (born September 12, 1866) was a politician from the U.S. state of Wisconsin. He served as Brown County Clerk, Green Bay's 26th Mayor, Wisconsin's twenty-first Secretary of State, Conservation Commissioner and District 2 Wisconsin State Senate serving one term. He was a Republican.
He died May 22, 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="19001525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001525" title="Seibert">
Seibert

Seibert is a surname of German origin.
Origin.
The German personal name "Seibert" is derived from one of three related "battle names", which were originally spelled "Siegfried", "Siegbert", and "Sigismund"; translating as "Victory-Peace", "Victory-Bright", and "Victory-Strength". "Seibert", originally spelled "Siegbert", means "Victory-Bright", taken from the combination of two root words "sigi" & "berht". Used as a last name it is often Ashkenazi Jewish (by adopting the German personal name as a surname) and is often a variant spelling of "Seifert" which is used as a Jewish acronym for "Sefer Torah"(Scroll or Scribe of the Torah). I also suspect the Seibert/Seifert name may have something to do with the kabbalistic Sephirot, as well. The name "Seifert", originally spelt "Siegfried", translates from the German as "sigi-fridu", or "Victory-Peace". Variations of spelling also include Seybert or Seyberth. 
The Seibert family shield depicts a background azure, two Stars of David argent in the upper corners, and a chevron argent in the base. Heraldry books describe the six-pointed stars as "emblems of God", and the chevron is a symbol for "those who served under the roof of a house". The heraldic color silver depicts "purity", "sincerity", "the moon". The color blue depicts "royalty", "peace", "heavenly ascent". An early heraldic motto discovered for the Seibert family name is Kronenfels: "A mountain of strength rising above the sea, unwavering and unyeilding" The name is a common last name in the German-speaking countries and countries with large German descendant populations, among Protestant as well as Catholic families.

</doc>
<doc id="19001527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001527" title="Godfrey Wilson (Conservative politician)">
Godfrey Wilson (Conservative politician)

Sir Godfrey Harold Alfred Wilson (29 October 1871 - 1958) was an academic at Cambridge University, who was MP for the university from 1929 to 1935.
Life.
Godfrey Wilson was son of Daniel Wilson of Melbourne. He was educated at Trinity College, Melbourne and Clare College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A. as 5th Wrangler in 1895. From 1897 to 1929 he was a Fellow of Clare College. In 1899 he married Margaret Bartlett, eldest daughter of the Rev. John Edward Parker Bartlett, Rector of Barnham Broom. He served in World War I, gaining two mentions in the Secretary of State's List for 'valuable services'.
From 1920 to 1926 he was Secretary of Cambridge University's Financial Board, and served as its Treasurer from 1926 to 1929. In 1929 he became Master of Clare, retiring from the Mastership in 1939. From 1929 to 1935 he was also MP for Cambridge University.

</doc>
<doc id="19001530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001530" title="Siebert">
Siebert

Siebert is a name of German origin. It is derived from the "battle name" Siegbert, translated as "Victory-Bright" from the root words "sigi" and "berht". Used as a last name, it is often Ashkenazi Jewish and is often a variant spelling of "Seifert" which is used as a Jewish acronym for "Sefer Torah" (Scroll or Scribe of the Torah).
The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19001558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001558" title="William F. Lynch">
William F. Lynch

Captain William Francis Lynch (1 April 1801 – 17 October 1865), was an officer in the United States and Confederate States navies.
Personal life.
William F. Lynch was born in Virginia. On 2 June 1828, one month after his promotion to lieutenant, Lynch was married in New Haven, Connecticut, to Virginia Shaw, the youngest daughter of a senior navy officer and sister-in-law of another. They had two children.
Early Navy service.
He was appointed a midshipman 26 January 1819, and first saw service in USS "Congress" and next in U.S. schooner "Shark" under Lieutenant Matthew C. Perry. Subsequent service included duty with Commodore David Porter’s “Mosquito Squadron” in the West Indies and in the Mediterranean.
Middle East Operations.
Lynch had his first command, the "Poinsett", from 3 March to 30 December 1839. The ship sailed on behalf of the United States Naval Hydrographic Office. In 1847, he proceeded of the Jordan River, transportating overland, by camels, a copper and a galvanized iron boat. A total of 16 men were a part of the trip, including John Y. Mason. Each boat was "assembled" and then placed on a carriage. His expedition ended with the exploration of the Dead Sea and the River Jordan.
He published in 1847 (and again in 1849 an enhanced version of) his travels, "Narrative of the United States' Expedition to the River Jordan and the Dead Sea".
In 1849 he was commissioned commander and in 1850 was promoted to captain. In 1852, he requested permission to explore the interior of Africa for purposes of possible colonization. In his exploration in west central Africa (Liberia), he caught a fever, and was forced to return to the United States. Lynch believed that explorers who "remove the obstruction to Commerce, Civilization and Christianity will become the benefactors of mankind."
American Civil War.
On 21 April 1861, he resigned from the United States Navy. He was initially appointed captain in the Virginia Navy and on 10 June 1861, captain in the Confederate States Navy. He commanded naval batteries at Aquia Creek, Virginia, during their shelling by Union gunboats in May 1861, was in charge of the defense of Roanoke Island, North Carolina in February 1862, and led Confederate naval forces at Vicksburg, Mississippi from March to October 1862.
Later in command of ships in North Carolina waters, he commanded southern naval forces during the Union attack on Fort Fisher, in December 1864 and January 1865.
Post-war retirement.
After the defeat of the Confederacy, he was paroled 3 May 1865 in Richmond, Virginia. He died in Baltimore, Maryland, on 17 October of the same year.
Namesake.
The USS Lynch (T-AGOR-7) was named in Lynch’s honor.
Footnotes.
2. Bain, David Haward (2011). Bitter Waters. New York, NY: The Overlook Press. p. 384. ISBN 978-1-59020-352-1. An account of Lynch's expedition to the Jordan River and the Dead Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="19001566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001566" title="China at the Paralympics">
China at the Paralympics

The China first competed at the Paralympic Games in 1984, at the Summer Games in New York, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19001567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001567" title="Ahmad Abbas">
Ahmad Abbas

Ahmad Abbas (Arabic: أحمد عباس; born 8 October 1985) is a Saudi Arabian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Al-Nassr.
Club career.
Abbas began his career with Saudi Professional League club Al-Hilal. He joined Al-Ta'ee in 2006 and spent two years there before moving to Al-Nassr in 2008. Abbas scored two goals in nine league appearances for Al-Nassr during the 2009–10 season.
International career.
Abbas made his debut for the Saudi Arabia national team in 2010. He scored his first goal for his country at the 2010 Gulf Cup of Nations in a 1–0 win against United Arab Emirates on 2 December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19001574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001574" title="Theodore Dammann">
Theodore Dammann

Theodore Dammann was a politician from the U.S. state of Wisconsin. He served as that state's twenty-third Secretary of State, serving six terms from January 3, 1927 to January 2, 1939. For his first four terms he was a Republican and served under governors Fred R. Zimmerman, Walter J. Kohler, Sr., Philip La Follette and Albert G. Schmedeman. For his second two terms he was a Progressive and served once again under Governor Philip La Follette.
He resided in Milwaukee, Wisconsin at the time of his election.

</doc>
<doc id="19001585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001585" title="Jemina Pearl">
Jemina Pearl

Jemina Pearl Abegg (born June 20, 1987), known by the stage name Jemina Pearl, is an American singer, formerly the frontwoman of Be Your Own Pet.
She appeared in the television series "Gossip Girl" with a musical performance together with Thurston Moore covering the Ramones classic "Sheena Is a Punk Rocker.
Her debut solo album, "Break It Up", was released on October 6, 2009. The album is on Ecstatic Peace, is co-written by John Eatherly and has guest appearances by Thurston Moore, Iggy Pop, Dave Sitek and Derek Stanton of Awesome Colour.
She is the daughter of musician/artist Jimmy Abegg.
She is now part of a band called Ultras S/C (previously The Black Faces ) with Chetley "Cheetah" Weise and Ben Swank, which opened for The Black Belles in November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19001598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001598" title="Herbert Edelsbrunner">
Herbert Edelsbrunner

Herbert Edelsbrunner (born 1958) is a computer scientist working in the field of computational geometry, the Arts & Science Professor of Computer Science and Mathematics at Duke University, Professor at the Institute of Science and Technology Austria (IST Austria), and the co-founder of Geomagic, Inc. He was the first of only two computer scientists to win the National Science Foundation's Alan T. Waterman Award.
Academic biography.
Edelsbrunner was born in 1958 in Graz, Austria. He received his Ph.D. in 1982 from Graz University of Technology, under the supervision of Hermann Maurer; his thesis was entitled “Intersection Problems in Computational Geometry.” After a brief assistant professorship at Graz, he joined the faculty of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1985, and moved to Duke University in 1999. In 1996, with Ping Fu (then director of visualization at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications and his wife), he co-founded Geomagic, a company that develops shape modeling software. Since August 2009 he is Professor at the Institute of Science and Technology Austria (IST Austria) in Klosterneuburg.
In 1991, Edelsbrunner received the Alan T. Waterman Award. He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2005, and received an honorary doctorate from Graz University of Technology in 2006. In 2008 he was elected to the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina.
Publications.
Edelsbrunner has over 100 research publications and is an ISI highly cited researcher.
He has also published three books on computational geometry: "Algorithms in Combinatorial Geometry" (Springer-Verlag, 1987, ISBN 978-3-540-13722-1), "Geometry and Topology for Mesh Generation" (Cambridge University Press, 2001, ISBN 978-0-521-79309-4) and "Computational Topology" (American Mathematical Society, 2009, 978-0821849255).
As Edelsbrunner's Waterman Award citation states,
Research contributions.
Edelsbrunner's most heavily cited research contribution is his work with Ernst Mücke on "alpha shapes", a technique for defining a sequence of multiscale approximations to the shape of a three-dimensional point cloud. In this technique, one varies a parameter alpha ranging from 0 to the diameter of the point cloud; for each value of the parameter, the shape is approximated as the union of line segments, triangles, and tetrahedra defined by 2, 3, or 4 of the points respectively such that there exists a sphere of radius at most alpha containing only the defining points.
Another heavily cited paper, also with Mücke, concerns “simulation of simplicity.” This is a technique for automatically converting algorithms that work only when their inputs are in general position (for instance, algorithms that may misbehave when some three input points are collinear) into algorithms that work robustly, correctly, and efficiently in the face of special-position inputs.
Edelsbrunner has also made important contributions to algorithms for intersections of line segments, construction of K-sets, the ham sandwich theorem, Delaunay triangulation, point location, interval trees, fractional cascading, and protein docking.

</doc>
<doc id="19001632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001632" title="Sir Malcolm Bullock, 1st Baronet">
Sir Malcolm Bullock, 1st Baronet

Captain Sir Harold Malcolm Bullock, 1st Baronet MBE (10 July 1890 – 20 June 1966) was a British soldier and Conservative Party politician.
A Captain in the Scots Guards, Bullock normally went by his middle name of Malcolm rather than his first name. In 1923 he was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Waterloo in Lancashire, a position he retained until the constituency was abolished in 1950. He was re-elected in the new Crosby constituency at both the 1950 and 1951 general elections, before resigning as an MP in October 1953. In February 1954 he was created a baronet, of Crosby in the County Palatine of Lancaster.
Bullock married Lady Victoria Alice Louise Primrose, daughter of Edward Stanley, 17th Earl of Derby and widow of Neil Primrose, in 1919. They had one daughter, Priscilla, who married the racehorse trainer Peter Hastings, later Peter Hastings-Bass. Lady Victoria died in a hunting accident in November 1927, aged 35. Bullock died in June 1966, aged 75, when the baronetcy became extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="19001638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001638" title="Lamokin Street (SEPTA station)">
Lamokin Street (SEPTA station)

The Lamokin Street SEPTA Station is a former SEPTA Regional Rail station located on SEPTA's Wilmington/Newark Line at Lamokin Street in Chester, Pennsylvania, adjacent to an electrical substation that provides power to both Amtrak's Northeast Corridor and SEPTA's Media/Elwyn lines. The station also served as the junction for the Chester Creek Branch. The branch line was operated by the Pennsylvania Railroad and later Penn Central, until service ended in 1972 due to damage caused by Hurricane Agnes.
The station was classified as a "flag stop" station, which required passengers to tell the train crew that they wanted to board or depart prior to arrival. The station was closed in 2003 due to infrequent use. SEPTA service in Chester is currently handled by the Highland Avenue and Chester Transportation Center stations.

</doc>
<doc id="19001665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001665" title="USS Lynch">
USS Lynch

USS "Lynch" is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="19001681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001681" title="Redzeń Pierwszy">
Redzeń Pierwszy

Redzeń Pierwszy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001685" title="Ręszew">
Ręszew

Ręszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001686" title="Rokitowiec">
Rokitowiec

Rokitowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001688" title="Sambórz, Łódź Voivodeship">
Sambórz, Łódź Voivodeship

Sambórz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001692" title="Strumiany">
Strumiany

Strumiany may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19001693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001693" title="Strumiany, Łódź Voivodeship">
Strumiany, Łódź Voivodeship

Strumiany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 294.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001695" title="Strzałki">
Strzałki

Strzałki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19001697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001697" title="Strzałki, Łódź Voivodeship">
Strzałki, Łódź Voivodeship

Strzałki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 326.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001700" title="Świerki, Łódź Voivodeship">
Świerki, Łódź Voivodeship

Świerki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 61.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001704" title="Szczawno, Łódź Voivodeship">
Szczawno, Łódź Voivodeship

Szczawno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 252.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001707" title="Tyczyn, Łódź Voivodeship">
Tyczyn, Łódź Voivodeship

Tyczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Burzenin, south-east of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 207.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001708" title="Waszkowskie">
Waszkowskie

Waszkowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001710" title="Witów, Gmina Burzenin">
Witów, Gmina Burzenin

Witów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 649.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001711" title="Wola Będkowska">
Wola Będkowska

Wola Będkowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 252.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001712" title="Wola Majacka">
Wola Majacka

Wola Majacka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001715" title="Wolnica Grabowska">
Wolnica Grabowska

Wolnica Grabowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 107.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001718" title="Wolnica Niechmirowska">
Wolnica Niechmirowska

Wolnica Niechmirowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Burzenin, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 168.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001725" title="I-message">
I-message

In interpersonal communication, an I-message or I-statement is an assertion about the feelings, beliefs, values etc. of the person speaking, generally expressed as a sentence beginning with the word "I", and is contrasted with a "you-message" or "you-statement", which often begins with the word "you" and focuses on the person spoken to. Thomas Gordon coined the term "I message" in the 1960s while doing play therapy with children. He added the concept to his book for parents, "P.E.T.: Parent Effectiveness Training" (1970).
I-messages are often used with the intent to be assertive without putting the listener on the defensive. They are also used to take ownership for one's feelings rather than implying that they are caused by another person. An example of this would be to say: "I really am getting backed up on my work since I don't have the financial report yet," rather than: "you didn't finish the financial report on time!" (The latter is an example of a "you-statement").
I-messages or I-statements can also be used in constructive criticism. For instance, one might say, "I had to read that section of your paper three times before I understood it," rather than, "This section is worded in a really confusing way," or "You need to learn how to word a paper more clearly." The former comment leaves open the possibility that the fault lies with the giver of the criticism. According to the Conflict Resolution Network, I-statements are a dispute resolution conversation opener that can be used to state how one sees things and how one would like things to be, without using inflaming language
I-message construction.
While the underlying rationale and approach to I-messages is similar in various systems, there are both three-part and four-part models for constructing I-messages. A three-part model is proposed by the University of Tennessee Family & Consumer Sciences for improving communication with children:
According to Hope E. Morrow, a common pitfall in I-statement construction is using phrases like "I feel that..." or "I like that..." which typically express an opinion or judgment. Morrow favors following "I feel..." with a feeling such as "sad," "angry," etc.
Gordon advises that to use an I-message successfully, there should be congruence between the words one is using and one's affect, tone of voice, facial expression and body language. Gordon also describes a 3-part I-message, called a "confrontive" I-message, with the following parts:
He describes the I-message as an appeal for help from the other person, and states that the other person is more likely to respond positively when the message is presented in that way.
Conflict resolution.
If an "I" message contains "you-messages", it can be problematic in conflict situations. For example: "I feel..., when you..., and I want you to..." This can put the receiver of the statement on the defensive. In a dispute, use of a phrase that begins with "I want" may encourage the parties to engage in positional problem solving. This may make conflicts more difficult to resolve. An "interest-based" approach to conflict resolution suggests using statements that reflect why the individual wants something.
The goals of an "I" message in an interest-based approach:
The Ohio Commission on Dispute Resolution and Conflict Management summarized this approach as follows: "A sender of a message can use a statement that begins with 'I' and expresses the sender's feelings, identifies the unwanted behavior, and indicates a willingness to resolve the dispute, without using 'you' statements or engaging in positional problem solving.
The Commission proposed a four-part I-message:
The Benefits of I-Statements, Self-Talk.
I-statements have been found to offer a tremendous benefit to clients - patients. I-statements encourage growth and maturation. They are beneficial when employed with an individual struggling with self-defeating thoughts and mindset. 
The therapeutic model various on its take on the use of I-statements. I-statements are designed to rid the myths from the reality of life. I-statements are further productive in challenging one's innermost feelings. Dr. Asa Don Brown, author with the Canadian Counseling and Psychotherapy Association stated that "Self-talk reflects your innermost feelings." If they reflect your "inner most" feelings, then understanding those feelings are necessary in overcoming one's negative perceptions and worldviews, according to Dr. Brown. 
I-statements are capable of influencing one's path and design in life. According to Girlshealth.gov, "An I-statement is a sentence that begins with the word "I." It helps the... (individual) take responsibility for their feelings instead of saying they are caused by the other person. This can help keep relationships open and honest between people when there is a conflict." 
I statements are important for clarifying one's position, contribution, and desires around a situation, event, and/or life perspective. According to family psychology movement, I-statements are necessary for establishing a healthy relationship and an appropriate level of intimacy. 
I-statements help the individual avoid blame, turning blame into personal responsibility. Personal responsibility is key to learning to use I-statements. Without personal responsibility, I-statements are null in their intention.
Shifting gears.
Gordon states, "Although I-messages are more likely to influence others to change than You-messages, still it is a fact that being confronted with the prospect of having to change is often disturbing to the changee." A quick shift by the sender of the I-message to an active listening posture can achieve several important functions in this situation, according to Gordon. He states that in Leader Effectiveness Training courses, this is called "shifting gears", and states that the person might shift back to an I-message later in the conversation.
Use of the concept.
A book about mentoring states that communications specialists find that I-messages are a less threatening way to confront someone one wants to influence, and suggests a three-part I-message: a neutral description of planned behaviour, consequences of the behaviour, and the emotions of the speaker about the situation.
A manual for health care workers calls I-messages an "important skill", but emphasizes that use of an I-message does not guarantee that the other person will respond in a helpful way. It presents an I-message as a way that one can take responsibility for one's own feelings and express them without blaming someone else. A manual for social workers presents I-messages as a technique with the purpose of improving the effectiveness of communication.
Research.
A study in Hong Kong of children's reactions to messages from their mothers found that children are most receptive to I-messages that reveal distress, and most antagonistic towards critical you-messages. A study with university students as subjects did not find differences in emotional reactions to I-messages and you-messages for negative emotions, but did find differences in reactions for positive emotions.
A study of self-reported emotional reactions to I-statements and you-statements by adolescents found that accusatory you-statements evoked greater anger and a greater inclination for antagonistic response than assertive I-statements.

</doc>
<doc id="19001732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001732" title="Frank Pastor">
Frank Pastor

Frank Pastor (born December 7, 1957) is a German former footballer. He played for Chemie Halle and Berliner FC Dynamo and was top scorer of the DDR-Oberliga in 1987. He made seven appearances for East Germany, but was unable to record a goal at international level. After reunification he moved to Malaysia and then Austria, before returning to Hallescher FC.

</doc>
<doc id="19001740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001740" title="Chlewo, Łódź Voivodeship">
Chlewo, Łódź Voivodeship

Chlewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001742" title="Chwalęcice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Chwalęcice, Łódź Voivodeship

Chwalęcice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001747" title="Czerniaków, Łódź Voivodeship">
Czerniaków, Łódź Voivodeship

Czerniaków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001750" title="Gawłowice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Gawłowice, Łódź Voivodeship

Gawłowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001753" title="Goszczanów">
Goszczanów

Goszczanów is a village in Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Goszczanów. It lies approximately north-west of Sieradz and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 824.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001757" title="Karolina, Łódź Voivodeship">
Karolina, Łódź Voivodeship

Karolina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001760" title="Kaszew">
Kaszew

Kaszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź. Kaszew has very welcoming families, especially the Żerkowscy family. Kaszew has two shops but recently one of them has been closed down due to lack of customers.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001764" title="Klonów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Klonów, Łódź Voivodeship

Klonów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001767" title="Lipicze Górne">
Lipicze Górne

Lipicze Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001768" title="Lipicze Olendry">
Lipicze Olendry

Lipicze Olendry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001773" title="Lipicze W">
Lipicze W

Lipicze W is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001777" title="Poniatów, Sieradz County">
Poniatów, Sieradz County

Poniatów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001781" title="Poniatówek, Łódź Voivodeship">
Poniatówek, Łódź Voivodeship

Poniatówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001782" title="Megakaryocytopoiesis">
Megakaryocytopoiesis

Megakaryocytopoiesis is the process by which bone marrow progenitor cells develop into mature megakaryocytes, which in turn produce platelets required for normal hemostasis.

</doc>
<doc id="19001785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001785" title="Poprężniki">
Poprężniki

Poprężniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001789" title="Poradzew">
Poradzew

Poradzew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001791" title="Rzężawy, Łódź Voivodeship">
Rzężawy, Łódź Voivodeship

Rzężawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.

</doc>
<doc id="19001793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001793" title="Sokołów, Gmina Goszczanów">
Sokołów, Gmina Goszczanów

Sokołów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001798" title="Stojanów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Stojanów, Łódź Voivodeship

Stojanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001799" title="Strachanów">
Strachanów

Strachanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Goszczanów, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001800" title="Sulmów">
Sulmów

Sulmów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001803" title="Sulmówek">
Sulmówek

Sulmówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001804" title="Świnice Kaliskie">
Świnice Kaliskie

Świnice Kaliskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001807" title="Wacławów, Sieradz County">
Wacławów, Sieradz County

Wacławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001810" title="Waliszewice">
Waliszewice

Waliszewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001812" title="Wilczków, Sieradz County">
Wilczków, Sieradz County

Wilczków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001814" title="Wilkszyce">
Wilkszyce

Wilkszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001815" title="Wola Tłomakowa">
Wola Tłomakowa

Wola Tłomakowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001820" title="Wroniawy, Łódź Voivodeship">
Wroniawy, Łódź Voivodeship

Wroniawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001821" title="Ziemięcin">
Ziemięcin

Ziemięcin may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19001824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001824" title="Ziemięcin, Łódź Voivodeship">
Ziemięcin, Łódź Voivodeship

Ziemięcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Goszczanów, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001832" title="Grzyb">
Grzyb

Grzyb is a Polish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19001834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001834" title="Grzyb, Łódź Voivodeship">
Grzyb, Łódź Voivodeship

Grzyb is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klonowa, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Klonowa, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001836" title="Klonowa">
Klonowa

Klonowa may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19001837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001837" title="Klonowa, Łódź Voivodeship">
Klonowa, Łódź Voivodeship

Klonowa is a village in Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Klonowa. It lies approximately south-west of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 950.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001839" title="Kuźnica Błońska">
Kuźnica Błońska

Kuźnica Błońska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klonowa, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Klonowa, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001841" title="Kuźnica Zagrzebska">
Kuźnica Zagrzebska

Kuźnica Zagrzebska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klonowa, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Klonowa, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001842" title="Leliwa, Łódź Voivodeship">
Leliwa, Łódź Voivodeship

Leliwa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klonowa, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Klonowa, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001845" title="Lesiaki">
Lesiaki

Lesiaki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19001847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001847" title="Lesiaki, Gmina Klonowa">
Lesiaki, Gmina Klonowa

Lesiaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klonowa, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Klonowa, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001855" title="Lipicze, Łódź Voivodeship">
Lipicze, Łódź Voivodeship

Lipicze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klonowa, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Klonowa, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.

</doc>
<doc id="19001859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001859" title="Thomas Isaac Mardy Jones">
Thomas Isaac Mardy Jones

Thomas Isaac Mardy Jones (21 January 1879 – 26 August 1970) was a British politician and miner.
The son of a Welsh miner, who later died in the mines, Jones rose up the ranks of the Labour Party to become Member of Parliament for Pontypridd in 1922.
Rail Vouchers.
In December 1930 Jones gave his wife and 12-year-old daughter a pair of Commons rail vouchers, which they were caught using. Jones was taken to court and fined. He was de-selected by his local Labour Party but contested the 1931 General Election as an Independent Labour candidate. He lost his seat, only polling 1,110 votes and finished in third place.

</doc>
<doc id="19001860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001860" title="Owieczki, Łódź Voivodeship">
Owieczki, Łódź Voivodeship

Owieczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klonowa, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Klonowa, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 450.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001861" title="Abdeen Palace Incident of 1942">
Abdeen Palace Incident of 1942

The Abdeen Palace Incident was a military confrontation that took place on 4 February 1942 at Abdeen Palace in Cairo, and almost resulted in the forced abdication of King Farouk I. It is considered a landmark in the history of Egypt.
Following a ministerial crisis in February 1942, the British government, through its ambassador in Egypt, Sir Miles Lampson, pressed Farouk to have a Wafd or Wafd-coalition government replace Hussein Sirri Pasha's government. This reversal of long-standing opposition to the Wafd came from the British belief that the Wafd, still the most popular of the Egyptian political parties, would be more effective in gaining public support in Egypt for the British war effort than any of the other parties. It was also hoped that a Wafd government would weaken the influence of the pro-Axis elements around King Farouk. Lampson eventually decided to force this choice on Farouk by insisting that he abdicate unless he agreed to ask the Wafd leader, Mustafa el-Nahhas, to form a government. Lampson sought and finally gained the support of Oliver Littleton in the British cabinet to apply pressure on the Egyptian King.
On the night of 4 February 1942, General Stone surrounded Abdeen Palace in Cairo with troops and tanks, and Lampson presented Farouk with an abdication decree drafted by Sir William Monckton. Farouk capitulated, and Nahhas formed a government shortly thereafter. However, the humiliation meted out to Farouk, and the actions of the Wafd in cooperating with the British and taking power, lost support for both the British and the Wafd among both civilians and, more importantly, the Egyptian military. In his memoirs, Muhammad Naguib, one of the two leaders of the Egyptian Revolution of 1952, and Egypt's first President, cited the incident as a major factor in the rise of revolutionary, anti-monarchical sentiment in the country that contributed to the Revolution 10 years later.

</doc>
<doc id="19001865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001865" title="Pawelce">
Pawelce

Pawelce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klonowa, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Klonowa, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001867" title="Świątki">
Świątki

Świątki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19001868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001868" title="Świątki, Łódź Voivodeship">
Świątki, Łódź Voivodeship

Świątki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klonowa, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Klonowa, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001898" title="Biskupice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Biskupice, Łódź Voivodeship

Biskupice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sieradz and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 560.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001901" title="Bobrowniki, Sieradz County">
Bobrowniki, Sieradz County

Bobrowniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001908" title="Bogumiłów, Sieradz County">
Bogumiłów, Sieradz County

Bogumiłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001912" title="Borzewisko, Sieradz County">
Borzewisko, Sieradz County

Borzewisko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001913" title="Chałupki, Sieradz County">
Chałupki, Sieradz County

Chałupki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>
It also has a wide variety of alpacas and sheep neighboring nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="19001915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001915" title="Charłupia Mała">
Charłupia Mała

Charłupia Mała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sieradz and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 680.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001916" title="Electricity sector in Paraguay">
Electricity sector in Paraguay

Paraguay is one of the few countries in Latin America that has maintained an integrated public monopoly on electricity. Hydropower comprises nearly 100 percent of electricity in Paraguay; 90 percent of generated energy is exported, with neighboring Argentina and Brazil receiving the majority. Paraguay is one of the world’s largest electricity net exporters.
Because of the dominance of hydroelectricity, tariffs (mostly residential) are remarkably below the averages for the region. However, despite the abundance of resources, the Paraguayan electricity system faces a difficulty due to the lack of investment in transmission and distribution networks. In addition, distribution losses are among the highest in the region.
Electricity supply and demand.
Installed capacity and generation.
Paraguay is the only country in Latin America with almost 100 percent hydroelectric generation capacity (8,116 MW) in 2005.
Paraguay operates two binational hydroelectric dams. Itaipu dam, by far the largest power station in the country, is operated with 
Brazil and has an installed capacity of 7000 MW (86 percent of Paraguay's generation capacity). Yacyretá, the second largest hydroelectric facility, has an installed capacity of 900 MW (11 percent), and is operated with Argentina. A third plant, Acaray has an installed capacity of 210 MW (3 percent). Thermal plants contribute less than 0.1 percent.
All of Paraguay's electricity for domestic consumption comes from a single facility, the binational 14 GW Itaipu hydroelectric dam.
"Source": ESMAP, 2006. Installed capacity shown for Itaipu and Yacyretá refers only to the Parguayan share in these plants.
While total generation amounted to 51.17 TWh in 2005, consumption was only 5.01 TWh, with exports as high as 43.8 TWh.
Demand.
In 2005, total electricity consumed in Paraguay was 5.01 TWh, which corresponds to 849 kWh per capita. Electricity generated by Itaipu and Acaray, located in the East of the country, is transported to the West (to the Asunción area), where over 60% of the total national consumption is located.
Electricity consumption by consumer group is divided as follows:
In 2004, the country consumed only 16% of its 50% share of Itaipu’s production, exporting the rest to Brazil. As for Yacyreta, Paraguay consumes less than 1% of its share, exporting the rest to Argentina.
The electricity interconnections that allow power exchanges with Brazil and Argentina are:
"Source": ESMAP, 2006
Access to electricity.
In 2005, almost 90% of the population in Paraguay had access to electricity, which is just slightly below than the 94.6% average for LAC 
The 2002 Census revealed that 87% of the households without electricity were located in rural areas, where access was about 77%. Rural coverage varies considerably among the different regions of the country. It is lowest in the remote and sparsely populated Chaco, or Western region. The table below shows rural coverage by Department for 2002:
See also:Departments of Paraguay(including a map)
"Source": Pulfer, 2005 (from 2002 Census)
Since 2004, the National Electricity Administration (ANDE) has been carrying out a Program to Recover Distribution Works under the Self-Help System ("Sistema de Autoayuda"), which aims at the regularization of all the low and medium voltage distribution networks. This program, with a 10 year time-horizon, is implemented according to priorities defined by the conservation status of the networks involved. Under this program, installations that do not comply with current ANDE’s rules are replaced.
Service quality.
Interruption frequency and duration.
In 2005, the average number of interruptions per subscriber was 16.4, while duration of interruptions per subscriber was 7.58 hours. While the number of interruptions is just slightly above than the weighted average for LAC, 13 interruptions, the duration is well below the weighted average of 14 hours.
Blackouts.
Despite consuming less than 6 TWh per year and exporting close to 45 TWh per year, Paraguay faces blackouts as well as a serious risk of suffering an energy crisis. This is the result of the limitations of both the transmission and distribution systems. The ceiling of the system is placed by ANDE’s at 1,700 MW, with demand above 1,500 MW in 2008. Transmission capacity is urgently needed to avoid a supply crisis in a system in which quality and an adequate technical service is practically nonexistent.
Different authors believe that the price received for the electricity sold to Brazil (from Paraguay’s share in Itaipu) and also to Argentina to some extent (from its share in Yacyreta) is currently too low. The “fair price” established by the Itaipu Treaty was conceived on the basis of a “compensation for concession of energy” and not on the basis of a commercial exchange. This price has remained very low (about US$2.81 per MWh). It is argued that, if this price was more in line with actual electricity prices in the Brazilian market, Paraguay would have enough resources to strengthen its electricity transmission capacity.
Distribution and transmission losses.
In 2005, distribution losses in Paraguay were has high as 31%, well above the 13.5% weighted average for LAC and up from about 22% in 2001 
System losses have become a serious problem in the last few years, having followed a continuous upward trend. The highest percentage of losses occurs in the National Interconnected System (SIN), while the remaining corresponds to the bi-national enterprises. In the SIN, distribution losses represented 23% of the total in 2003, while transmission losses, according to ANDE, were 7.3%. ANDE has established a 23% target for electricity losses for the year 2010.
Responsibilities in the electricity sector.
Responsibilities in the Paraguayan electricity sector are concentrated in a single, vertically integrated public monopoly, the National Electricity Administration ("Administración Nacional de Electricidad", ANDE).
Policy and regulation.
Law 167/93 indicates that the Vice ministry of Mines and Energy (under the Ministry of Public Works and Communication) is responsible for establishing and guiding energy policy, as well as for the study of the technical, economic, financial and legal aspects that promote energy use. However, the Vice ministry does not have the adequate resources to effectively perform its functions.
In practice, all the energy responsibilities are concentrated in ANDE, which is the "de facto" electricity regulator and provider. ANDE also elaborates the tariff structure, which is then analyzed and approved by the Economic Council of the Executive Power. The Council usually sets lower tariffs to the ones proposed by ANDE, which leads to a lack of resources for the necessary investment for adequate performance of the electricity system.
Generation, transmission and distribution.
ANDE controls the country’s entire electricity market, including generation, transmission and distribution. ANDE operates only one hydroelectric dam, Acaray, and six thermal power plants, with total installed capacity of 220 MW. It is also responsible for Paraguay’s share of Itaipú and Yacyretá, the two bi-national hydroelectric facilities (See bi-national facilities above).
ANDE operates 2,100 miles of transmission lines in the Interconnected National System, divided in 6 subsystems, and 670 miles of distribution lines. It is also responsible for all of the distribution, with two exceptions: CLYFSA ("Compañía de Luz y Fuerza, S.A."), which has a concession to distribute and commercialize electricity in Villarrica, and the "Empresas Distribuidoras Menonitas del Chaco Central".
History of the electricity sector.
Hydroelectric plants.
Itaipu dam.
In April 1973, the governments of Paraguay and Brazil signed the Itaipu Treaty, by which it was decided to create a binational entity to hydroelectric use of the Paraná River. This entity was constituted by ANDE (Paraguay) and ELECTROBRAS (Brazil). US$100 million where contributed in equal parts by both companies.
Yacyretá Dam.
In December 1973, the governments of Argentina and Paraguay signed the Yacyreta Treaty, by which ANDE and "Agua y Energía" constituted the Binational Entity, whose aim is the hydroelectric use of the Paraná river. US$100 million where contributed in equal parts by both companies.
Corpus Christi.
In 1971, Paraguay and Argentina created the River Parana Joint Commission ("Comisión Mixta del Río Paraná", COMIP), which started to carry out different studies (pre-feasibility, environmental, etc.) for the Corpus project, to be located upstream of the Paraná river, close to the towns of Corpus (in the Argentina Misiones Province and Puerto Bella Vista in Paraguay. In the mid-1980s, Argentina, Paraguay and Brazil signed a tripartite agreement that established the operating height of the project, which would allow to bring into line the operation of Corpus with those of Yacyreta and Itaipu.
The different alternatives for this project are still under study. As a large hydroelectric project, with installed capacity of about 3,000 MW and annual generation of about 19,000 GWh, Corpus is a controversial project that is opposed both at the regional and social levels. In April 1996, in a plebiscite in the Misiones Province, the construction of the dam was opposed by almost 89% of the voters.
Tariffs and subsidies.
Tariffs.
In 2006, the average national tariff in Paraguay was US$0.080 per kWh Tariffs for the different consumer groups were:
Subsidies.
In November 2004, the Paraguayan Government approved Law 2,501, which broadened the electricity social tariff applied by ANDE. The social tariff is applied to residential users below 150kWh of monthly consumption. Currently, about 37% of total customers benefit from this tariff. ANDE estimates that this share will gradually increase to 56% of the total.
Investment and financing.
Investments for maintenance and expansion of the necessary assets to provide electricity service have been executed with the support of multilateral credit institutions.
Summary of private participation in the electricity sector.
The National Electricity Administration ("Administración Nacional de Electricidad", ANDE), Paraguay’s state-owned utility, controls the country’s entire electricity market, including generation, transmission and distribution.
Two small companies buy electricity from ANDE and have concessions to distribute and sell it: CLYFSA (Compañía de Luz y Fuerza, S.A.) in Villarrica, and the "Empresas Distribuidoras Menonitas del Chaco Central".
Electricity and the environment.
Responsibility for the environment.
The Environmental Directorate ("Secretaría del Ambiente", SEAM) is the institution in charge of environmental issues in Paraguay, focusing on natural resources management and preservation.
Greenhouse gas emissions.
Paraguay emitted 3.85 millions tons of CO2 in 2005, which corresponds to just 0.61 tCO2 per capita annually, the lowest rate in the LAC region after Haiti’s.
CDM projects in electricity.
Currently (August 2008), there are no registered CDM projects in any sector in Paraguay. The low emission factor of a fully hydroelectric system is most likely the reason for the absence of this type of projects in the electricity sector.
External assistance.
Inter-American Development Bank.
Currently, the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) is contributing funds and assistance to one project in the electricity sector in Paraguay:
The IDB is also providing technical assistance under two activities:
Sources.
Casco Carreras, 2008. "Presente y Futuro del Sector Energético Nacional". Centro de Análisis y Difusión de la Economía Paraguaya
ESMAP, 2006. "Estrategia para el desarrollo del sector eléctrico del Paraguay".
Suarez Montorfano, 2007. "El Proyecto hidroeléctrico Corpus Christi"

</doc>
<doc id="19001919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001919" title="Chojne">
Chojne

Chojne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001921" title="Park Chung-Hee (handballer)">
Park Chung-Hee (handballer)

Park Chung-Hee (born April 10, 1975) is a female South Korean handball player who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
In 2008 she won a bronze medal with the South Korean team.

</doc>
<doc id="19001923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001923" title="Czartki">
Czartki

Czartki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19001925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001925" title="Czartki, Gmina Sieradz">
Czartki, Gmina Sieradz

Czartki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sieradz and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001928" title="Dąbrowa Wielka, Łódź Voivodeship">
Dąbrowa Wielka, Łódź Voivodeship

Dąbrowa Wielka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001931" title="Dąbrówka, Gmina Sieradz">
Dąbrówka, Gmina Sieradz

Dąbrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001934" title="Dębina, Sieradz County">
Dębina, Sieradz County

Dębina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001935" title="Dzierlin">
Dzierlin

Dzierlin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sieradz and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001937" title="Dzigorzew">
Dzigorzew

Dzigorzew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sieradz and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001938" title="Grabowiec, Sieradz County">
Grabowiec, Sieradz County

Grabowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001940" title="Ford Landau (Australia)">
Ford Landau (Australia)

"This is an article about a motor vehicle built in Australia. For the Ford Landau built in Brazil see Ford Landau".
The Ford Landau is a motor vehicle which was produced by Ford Australia from 1973 to 1976.
Released in August 1973, the Ford Landau was based on the Australian XB series Ford Falcon but shared its frontal appearance and luxury appointments with the P5 series Ford LTD limousine, another Australian design which was released at the same time as the Landau. The Landau was available only as a two door hardtop coupe and shared its 111 inch (2819mm) wheelbase with the Falcon. It was powered by an Australian built low compression version of Ford’s 351 cubic inch (5752cc) Cleveland V8 engine with a power output of 290 bhp (216 kW) at 5000 rpm. Transmission was a three speed “T-Bar SelectShift Cruisomatic” unit, allowing a choice of manual or fully automatic gear changing. Four wheel disc brakes were fitted, making the Landau and its similarly equipped LTD stablemate the first Australian-built cars with this feature.
The high levels of standard equipment fitted to the Landau meant that only two items were offered as optional equipment: a cassette deck and full leather interior trim. This factor, combined with the performance orientated mechanical specifications of the Landau meant that it never had a direct rival in the Australian marketplace. Plans to update the original P5 series Landau with the frontal styling of the forthcoming P6 series LTD resulting in the building of a P6 Landau design study but the facelifted model was not put into production. The Landau was discontinued when the new LTD was released in 1976 after a total production run of 1385 vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="19001941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001941" title="Grądy, Sieradz County">
Grądy, Sieradz County

Grądy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sieradz and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001943" title="Kamionaczyk">
Kamionaczyk

Kamionaczyk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Sieradz and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001944" title="Kłocko">
Kłocko

Kłocko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 850.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001947" title="Kolonia Okręglica">
Kolonia Okręglica

Kolonia Okręglica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001949" title="Kowale, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kowale, Łódź Voivodeship

Kowale is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sieradz and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001950" title="Kuśnie">
Kuśnie

Kuśnie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001952" title="Łosieniec">
Łosieniec

Łosieniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sieradz and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001954" title="Męcka Wola">
Męcka Wola

Męcka Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001958" title="Mnichów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Mnichów, Łódź Voivodeship

Mnichów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Sieradz and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001960" title="Okręglica">
Okręglica

Okręglica may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19001961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001961" title="Okręglica, Łódź Voivodeship">
Okręglica, Łódź Voivodeship

Okręglica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001962" title="St. Jude Catholic Church, Allen, Texas">
St. Jude Catholic Church, Allen, Texas

St. Jude Catholic Church is a Catholic parish of the Diocese of Dallas. It is located in Allen, Texas. The first Catholic church in the city of Allen, it was established in 1981. This parish was created with 50 founding members, including organizer Don Rodenbaugh. A new sanctuary was opened in 2005.
History.
A small group of Catholics from Allen, Fairview, and Lucas, Texas, came together in 1980 to consider the possibility of establishing a Catholic Mission in the city of Allen. After countless hours of legwork and paperwork, Bishop Thomas Tschoepe granted them permission to begin this journey.
The first public Mass of the newly formed St. Jude Catholic Community was offered at Rountree Elementary School on Sunday, July 5, 1981. It was originally established as a mission chapel of St. Michael's in McKinney, then later reassigned to St. Mark's in Plano. It was served on alternate Sundays by Rev. David Fellhauer (now, Bishop of Victoria) and Rev. Duffy Gardner (now, Monsignor, retired).
In 1981, St. Mark the Evangelist in Plano donated 10 acres of land in Allen. An architect was hired to design a temporary parish facility in 1983. Fr. Tom Cloherty was assigned as the first pastor of St. Jude on August 1, 1983. Daily Masses were offered above the feed store in downtown Allen until the completion of the first building project. The first Mass was said on November 3, 1984, in the new church facility.
In 1989, the parish began construction on the Religious Education building. The religious education classes and Rainbow Days Preschool, which celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2010, operated in the classrooms which now serve as offices. During this phase of construction, Fr. Tom was transferred to Holy Spirit in Duncanville; Fr. Bruce Bradley came to the parish from St. Elizabeth in Bonham. In 1998, an additional 10 acres of land adjacent to the property was purchased from the diocese. Fr. Bruce remained the pastor of St. Jude until 1999, when he was transferred to Mary Immaculate in Farmers Branch.
In 1999, Fr. Tim Church was assigned as priest-in-charge of St. Jude. Due to growth in Allen, St. Jude had already begun using the Activity Center as overflow for the larger Masses. The population of Allen boomed in the next decade - and with it, the size of the parish grew from 1,700 families to just under 4,500 families. Within 18 months of Fr. Tim's arrival, the existing mortgages were retired, and a building committee was formed to design a permanent church. St. Jude broke ground on their new sanctuary a year ahead of schedule on July 3, 2004. On November 12, 2005, Bishop Charles Grahmann dedicated the new permanent church.
In 2008, St. Jude purchased 7.2 acres adjacent on the south of their campus. As the parish continues to expand, plans are in the works for a new pastoral center and a 30,000 sq. ft. children's education building.
Community outreach.
With the recession of 2008, St. Jude Catholic Church formed a "Career Alliance" outreach to assist those who in the community who lost their jobs find meaningful employment. Volunteers in the parish offered their services to review resumes, teach interview skills, networking and the use of online tools. This outreach was so well received at St. Jude that it was opened up to other parishes in the Diocese and rebranded as the "North Texas Catholic Career Development Community". Fourteen area churches joined with St. Jude to host an online jobs database. They hold weekly brownbag networking lunches, and monthly seminars with industry leaders as guest speakers.
"CSI: St. Jude" is the Community Service Investigative team at St. Jude that reaches out to the community, discovering needs, and bringing them to the parish for assistance. In the past they have served Refuge Empowerment Services (a division of Catholic Charities), the Children's Advocacy Center, Hope's Door, My Friend's House, the White Rose Crisis Pregnancy Center, The Juliette Fowler Home, The Clyde W. Cooper Veteran's Home in Bonham, TX, Habitat for Humanity, and provide visitation to nursing homes and rehab facilities in the area. They also host and facilitate health fairs to provide low cost immunizations for children. They sponsor the Title 1 elementary schools in Allen as well.
St. Jude provides an outreach ministry to the teens at Collin County Juvenile Detention Center in McKinney, Texas, housing between 95-110 youth, ages 11–17. St. Jude provides both worship services and life skills training, including resume and cover sheet generation, job interview techniques, financial planning, and career guidance.
"12-Step Meetings" are offered each Saturday morning as a part of their Alcohol and Addiction Ministries.
Works of art.
Allen native Andy Buchanan was commissioned to create his artistic interpretation of the renowned Giotto fresco, "Jesus Washes the Feet of the Apostles". This mural is in the arch above the main doors to the church. Buchanan was also commissioned to recreated the San Damiano Cross for the Chapel of the Blessed Mother Teresa at St. Jude.
Seattle artist Cody Harrington was commissioned to create 14 original works of art for the sanctuary known as the Stations of the Cross, or Via Dolorosa. The photo-realistic, pencil sketches were inspired by the 2004 Mel Gibson film, "The Passion of the Christ". The stained glass in the flying roof and transepts are by Cavallini of San Antonio, Texas. The wood carved statues and crucifix are by Fernando Perathoner of Urtijëi, Italy.
Personnel.
In 1999, Father Tim Church was assigned Priest-in-Charge of St. Jude Catholic Church by Bishop Charles Grahmann. As a former Episcopal priest, Fr. Tim converted to Catholicism and was ordained a Catholic priest under the Pastoral Provision on February 18, 1995.
From 2002 through 2009, Fr. Antony Moonjanattu of the Syro Malabar Order in India served as Parochial Vicar. 
From 2009 through 2011, Fr. Peter Tuan Le was assigned to St. Jude as Parochial Vicar.
From 2011, Fr. Eugene Okoli was assigned to St. Jude as Parochial Vicar.

</doc>
<doc id="19001963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001963" title="Podłężyce">
Podłężyce

Podłężyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001967" title="Ruda, Sieradz County">
Ruda, Sieradz County

Ruda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Sieradz and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001970" title="Rzechta, Łódź Voivodeship">
Rzechta, Łódź Voivodeship

Rzechta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
Rzechta is the location of the annual two-day celebrations of "Świt Plinzy" (Plinza dawn) holiday devoted to – among other things – the traditional potato pancake cookery. The pancakes, known as "placki ziemniaczane" in Polish have a long history in Poland, with recipes dating back to the 17th-century Catholic monasteries. The largest potato pancake (possibly in the world) measuring 2 meters and 2 centimeters was made during the Rzechta festival in 2011 (" see photo"). The tongue-in-cheek games in Rzechta include the throwing of bad potato pancake, with the record of 29 meters.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001972" title="Sokołów, Gmina Sieradz">
Sokołów, Gmina Sieradz

Sokołów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001973" title="Stoczki, Sieradz County">
Stoczki, Sieradz County

Stoczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001981" title="Sucha, Łódź Voivodeship">
Sucha, Łódź Voivodeship

Sucha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sieradz and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001983" title="Wiechucice">
Wiechucice

Wiechucice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sieradz and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19001997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19001997" title="1st Louisiana Regiment New Orleans Infantry">
1st Louisiana Regiment New Orleans Infantry

The 1st Louisiana Regiment New Orleans Infantry was a regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
The Regiment was organized in New Orleans, Louisiana on March 6, 1864 and was on garrison and guard duty in the New Orleans defenses. The unit mustered out in May 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="19002001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002001" title="Augustynów, Sieradz County">
Augustynów, Sieradz County

Augustynów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002004" title="Bartochów">
Bartochów

Bartochów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 380.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002006" title="Baszków, Łódź Voivodeship">
Baszków, Łódź Voivodeship

Baszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002007" title="Borek Lipiński">
Borek Lipiński

Borek Lipiński is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002008" title="Chorążka">
Chorążka

Chorążka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 5.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002011" title="Cielce">
Cielce

Cielce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002014" title="Czartki, Gmina Warta">
Czartki, Gmina Warta

Czartki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002018" title="Duszniki, Łódź Voivodeship">
Duszniki, Łódź Voivodeship

Duszniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002021" title="Dzierzązna, Sieradz County">
Dzierzązna, Sieradz County

Dzierzązna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002022" title="Gać Warcka">
Gać Warcka

Gać Warcka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002023" title="Głaniszew">
Głaniszew

Głaniszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002026" title="Glinno, Łódź Voivodeship">
Glinno, Łódź Voivodeship

Glinno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002027" title="Gołuchy">
Gołuchy

Gołuchy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002031" title="Góra, Sieradz County">
Góra, Sieradz County

Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002032" title="Grabinka, Gmina Warta">
Grabinka, Gmina Warta

Grabinka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002033" title="Grzybki">
Grzybki

Grzybki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002034" title="Jakubice">
Jakubice

Jakubice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002036" title="Jeziorsko, Łódź Voivodeship">
Jeziorsko, Łódź Voivodeship

Jeziorsko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002037" title="Józefka">
Józefka

Józefka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002038" title="Józefów-Wiktorów">
Józefów-Wiktorów

Józefów-Wiktorów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002042" title="Kamionacz">
Kamionacz

Kamionacz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002043" title="Kawęczynek">
Kawęczynek

Kawęczynek may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19002046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002046" title="Kawęczynek, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kawęczynek, Łódź Voivodeship

Kawęczynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002047" title="Klonówek">
Klonówek

Klonówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002049" title="Krąków">
Krąków

Krąków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002051" title="Łabędzie, Łódź Voivodeship">
Łabędzie, Łódź Voivodeship

Łabędzie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002053" title="Lasek, Łódź Voivodeship">
Lasek, Łódź Voivodeship

Lasek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002056" title="Lipiny, Gmina Warta">
Lipiny, Gmina Warta

Lipiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002059" title="Małków, Łódź Voivodeship">
Małków, Łódź Voivodeship

Małków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sieradz and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 380.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002062" title="Maszew">
Maszew

Maszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002064" title="Miedze">
Miedze

Miedze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002068" title="Lackawanna Steel Company">
Lackawanna Steel Company

The Lackawanna Steel Company was an American steel manufacturing company that existed as an independent company from 1840 to 1922, and as a subsidiary of the Bethlehem Steel company from 1922 to 1983. Founded by the Scranton family, it was once the second-largest steel company in the world (and the largest company outside the U.S. Steel trust). Scranton, Pennsylvania, grew up around the company's original location, and when the company moved to a suburb of Buffalo, New York, in 1902, it similarly led to the founding of the city of Lackawanna, New York.
Founding and early years.
At the beginning of the 1800s, the Lackawanna Valley in Pennsylvania was rich in anthracite coal and iron deposits. Brothers George W. Scranton and Seldon T. Scranton moved to the valley in 1840 and settled in the five-house town of Slocum's Hollow (now Scranton) to establish an iron forge. Although Europeans had been making steel for nearly three centuries, the processes for creating blister steel and crucible steel were slow and extremely expensive. The Scrantons focused instead on manufacturing pig iron using a blast furnace. The Scrantons wished to take advantage of a recent technological innovation in iron smelting, the "hot blast." Developed in Scotland in 1828, the hot blast preheats air before it is pumped through molten iron, substantially lowering fuel needs. The Scrantons also wished to experiment with using anthracite coal to make steel, rather than existing methods which used charcoal or bituminous coal.
The most likely successful first use of the hot blast technique in the U.S. was carried out in 1835 at Oxford Furnace in Warren County, New Jersey, by William Henry, Seldon Scranton's father-in-law. By 1838, Henry had moved to the Lackawanna Valley, where he was experimenting with using anthracite coal in steelmaking.
The Scrantons and Henry formed a partnership in 1840 to develop a hot blast furnace that used anthracite coal in the "charge" (the mixture of iron ore and coal which, when melted, created pig iron). Two other Pennsylvanians, Sanford Grant (a Belvidere, New Jersey, businessman) and Philipp Mattes (a bank manager from Easton, Pennsylvania), also invested in the new company, named Scranton, Grant, and Co. Henry bought near Slocum's Hollow, and began building the furnace. The blast furnace was completed in the early autumn of 1841.
The company's first effort at smelting iron was not successful. Many problems plagued the iron mill, including a furnace that was not hot enough, water that ran too low in the nearby creek to turn the waterwheel-powered bellows (and thus did not provide enough air to the furnace), unsuccessful experiments with charge mixtures, clogged tuyeres, and more. George Scranton estimated the company lost between $6,000 and $7,000 in the year ending June 1843, but the total may have been as high as $10,000. George Scranton took control of the works from William Henry, and twice rebuilt the furnace. Near bankruptcy, the partners sought new sources of capital. In May 1843, a $20,000 loan permitted the company to continue operating.
After many failures and two years of low-level and low-quality production of pig iron, the firm began producing significant amounts of pig iron in 1843. The company installed a rolling mill, five reverberatory furnaces, 20 nail manufacturing machines, and one spike manufacturing machine. Needing still more cash, the company was reorganized in September 1846, taking new name of Scrantons and Grant. New partners were brought in, including Joseph H. Scranton (a cousin from Georgia), Erastus C. Scranton (a cousin from Connecticut), and John Howland (a banker and businessman from New York). The Scranton family retained a 51.6 percent of the company's stock.
Quality control problems plagued the company and nearly drove it to bankruptcy again. By summer 1844, the furnace averaged five to seven tons of pig iron a day. Scrantons and Grant initially used the pig iron to produce nails and iron plates, but the quality of the ore — "red-short" rather than the required close-grained "cold-short" — prevented the smelting of high-quality pig iron. The company's finances spiraled downward. Luckily, railroad networks in the U.S. were tripling in size during the 1840s, and the railroads required large quantities of rails. But until 1844, the United States had no factories capable of manufacturing rails, and all rails had to be imported from Great Britain. Realizing that the "cold-short" ore they used was ideal for manufacturing rail tracks, the Scrantons sought new investors whose money would permit it to build a rail track rolling mill. Benjamin Loder, president of the New York and Erie Railroad; industrialist William E. Dodge; and eight others invested $90,000 in the firm.
Scrantons and Grant reorganized yet again on November 7, 1846, and began calling itself Scrantons and Platt. Grant was bought out, and Howland asked to have his investment returned. The company quickly began turning out rails for the Erie Railroad, becoming the first company in the United States to mass-produce T rails. The firm's decision to manufacture rail tracks changed the fundamental nature of transportation in the United States, accelerated rail use, and eliminated American dependence on England for railroad track. Rail production began in August 1847, and the company soon employed more than 800 mostly Welsh, Irish, and German workers. Shipments of rail track were hauled overland through the snow to the New York and Erie Railroad, arriving just in time to save the line from bankruptcy.
In 1851, the town of Slocum's Hollow changed its name to Scranton in honor of the owners of the iron works. The Scrantons had won approval from the townspeople some years before to rename Slocum's Hollow as the town of Harrison (in honor of President William Henry Harrison). The town was renamed Scrantonia in 1850, and the name shortened in 1851 to Scranton. The swiftly growing iron mill led to similar growth in the town of Scranton, whose population soared from a few hundred in 1850 to 9,000 in 1860 to 35,000 in 1870.
Growth years.
In 1853, the firm reorganized yet again, doubling its capital investment and adopting the name Lackawanna Iron and Coal Company. Within a year, the company's assets had expanded to include three furnaces, a steel-making puddling mill, a foundry, two blacksmith shops, two carpentry shops, a saw mill, a grist mill, company store, 200 dwellings (to house workers), a boarding house, iron ore mines, coal mines, a tavern, and a hotel.
The company also expanded into the railroad business in 1853. Needing a secure way of getting products to market without having to pay the exorbitant fees charged by the railways, the company purchased a controlling interest in the Delaware and Cobb's Gap Railroad and the Lackawanna and Western Railroad, reorganizing the combined subsidiary into the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad.
A second generation of Scrantons took control of the Lackawanna Iron and Coal Company in the 1860s, bringing new technological innovations to the firm. William Walker Scranton, son of Joseph Scranton, was born in 1844. At the age of 23, William Walker Scranton had already become superintendent of one of the Lackawanna Iron and Coal Company's steel mills. After Joseph Scranton's death in 1872, William took control of the entire family business empire, which now included (in addition to large numbers of coal and iron mines) a bank and the City of Scranton's gas and water works.
During the 1870s, American railroads once more began buying track rails from Europe. The reason was the high quality of steel rail produced in Europe, thanks to the invention in 1855 of the Bessemer process for steelmaking—which drastically reduced the fuel costs and amount of time needed to make steel as well as significantly improving the quality of the steel produced. Scranton took a leave of absence from the firm and secretly went to Britain and then Germany, where he became a puddler and learned the secrets of making "Bessemer steel." But Scranton could not convince his business partners to adopt the Bessemer process. Meanwhile, industrialist Moses Taylor, a protégé of John Howland's, had organized the Franklin Iron Company to supply pig iron for rail tracks to the Midland Railroad and the Sussex Railroad (of which he was part-owner). Taylor wished to link his railroads with the Scranton-owned Delaware & Lackawanna, and believed the Lackawanna Iron and Coal Co. could turn his pig iron into finished steel—but only if the company adopted the Bessemer process. Together, Moses Taylor and William Walker Scranton convinced the company's other investors to adopt the Bessemer process in 1875 and to merge the Taylor and Scranton railways in 1881. The first "blow" (or pouring of molten steel from the Bessemer furnace into molds) occurred on October 23, 1875, and the first Bessemer steel rolled in the mill on December 29, 1875.
During the 1870s, the Lackawanna Iron and Coal Company also suffered from significant labor problems. The company was one of many which cut wages in its coal mines 30 percent in 1870. The Delaware & Lackawanna, the company railroad, also sharply cut wages for its workers. The first week of January 1871, a nascent mine workers union, the Workingmen's Benevolent Association, went on strike for higher wages. William Walker Scranton personally helped break the strike by leading strikebreaking miners to and from the mines each day. While escorting a body of miners from the mines one afternoon, he was attacked by a mob and in the ensuing fight two of the rioting strikers were killed. The state militia was called in to restore order, protect the strikebreakers, and help reopen the mines. The strike began to collapse in April 1871 as strikebreakers opened more mines and the strikers and their families began to starve. Violence flared again in early May, and state troops were once more called to restore order. Within a few days, the strike had largely been broken and most miners returned to work. William Scranton was arrested twice for his role in leading the strikebreakers, but acquitted at trial each time.
A second large strike hit the company in 1877. The Long Depression began with the Panic of 1873 and did not end until 1896. By 1877, thousands of miners, steel workers, and railroad employees were out of work and wages had been slashed repeatedly. On July 23, 1877, workers in the iron and steel mills owned by the Lackawanna Iron and Coal Co. struck, seeking a 25 percent wage increase. The strike spread to rail workers the next day, and on July 25 the company's mine workers also walked out and demanded a similar wage increase. The company asked Scranton Mayor Robert McKune for police protection the same day, and McKune asked Governor John F. Hartranft for troops. On July 26, Governor Hartranft asked President Rutherford B. Hayes for federal troops, and (with the Great Railroad Strike of 1877 already raging) Hayes agreed to send them at the governor's request. Violence broke out on July 29: The head house of the Penn Coal Co.'s short-line railroad was firebombed, a local bridge was burned, and many of the coal mines owned by the Lackawanna Iron and Coal Co. were flooded. The next day McKune threatened to call out the federal troops, but also offered his own services as an arbitrator. The two sides met throughout the day, and to everyone's surprise a tentative agreement was reached that evening. Although a majority of the steel workers appeared ready to accept the tentative agreement, a mob of 6,000 men formed on August 1 in downtown Scranton and resolved to reject it. When McKune appeared outside the mayor's office to try to calm the mob, shots were fired. McKune was clubbed and then stoned. His lower jaw broken and his upper jaw fractured, McKune tried to flee but was knocked unconscious when a member of the mob hit him in the head with a hammer. A few minutes later, the county sheriff and a hastily-assembled posse arrived and fired shots over the heads of the crowd to try to disperse the mob. Several people in the crowd returned fire, wounding the sheriff and a member of the posse. The posse then fired volley after volley into the crowd, killing four and wounding hundreds. Many of those killed and injured were shot in the back as they tried to flee. Mayor McKune, although badly injured, helped restore order around 2 p.m. The following day, 3,000 federal troops arrived from Pittsburgh and invested the city. Martial law was imposed, and the strike ended several uneventfully weeks later with no agreement. The sheriff and several posse members were arrested and tried on the charge of manslaughter, but were acquitted.
The company's labor troubles soon were supplanted by an internal struggle for control within the Lackawanna Iron and Coal Co. By 1880, the company was the second-largest producer of iron in the United States. Nonetheless, William Walker Scranton wanted the company to expand, a proposal which the board of directors rejected in 1881. Scranton quit the company and formed the Scranton Steel Co. with his brother, Walter Scranton, in 1881. Within 10 years, the Scranton Steel Co. had become so successful that the Lackawanna Iron and Coal Co. entered into negotiations to merge with the firm. The two companies merged on January 9, 1891, forming the Lackawanna Iron and Steel Company. Although the merger created nearly $1.2 million in debt for the new company, Lackawanna Iron & Steel proved to be so financially successful that it paid off the debt within a year.
Move to New York State.
At the turn of the century, the Lackawanna Iron and Steel Company began to consider moving out of the Scranton area.
The company's economic condition was deteriorating; in September 1899, Andrew Carnegie wrote, "My view is that sooner or later Harrisburg, Sparrows Point, and Scranton will cease to make rails, like Bethlehem. The autumn of last year seemed as good a time to force them out of business as any other."
Labor costs were rising. In 1897, the United Mine Workers had mostly organized workers at the coal and iron mines, who successfully struck in 1900 for a 10 percent wage hike. The union struck again from May 11, 1902, to October 23, 1902, and won a second wage increase as well as better working conditions. A second factor was the increasing cost of shipping iron ore to Scranton and a lack of rail lines from Scranton to the company's newly emerging markets.
The Lackawanna Iron and Steel Company decided to move its iron and steelmaking facilities to West Seneca, New York, in 1899, drawn by the area's easy access to Great Lakes shipping and the numerous rail lines in the area. William Walker Scranton made the decision to move to the Buffalo suburb. To avoid speculation in land, the Lackawanna Steel Company employed John J. Albright, president of the Ontario Power Company, to purchase land on its behalf. Scranton, Albright and several others met in Buffalo on March 23, 1899, to discuss the purchase of land. The group explored several nearby sites on March 24, and chose an undeveloped shoreline area on Lake Erie in what was then the western part of the Town of West Seneca that same day. Albright began purchasing land on April 1, 1899, and by the end of the month had obtained nearly all the required property for the extremely low price of $1.1 million. Albright was often accompanied on his purchasing visits by John G. Milburn, President of the Pan-American Exposition, and many property owners assumed the land purchases were for the Exposition.
Construction of the massive new steel mill began on July 14, 1900, and nine months later equipment was arriving from Scranton. The company dredged a ship canal and built miles of track to link the plant with the railroads which would bring iron ore and coke to the plant. Lackawanna Iron and Steel began building a company town in 1901, but it lacked most services and the housing stood empty for many years.
On February 14, 1902, the company was reorganized into the Lackawanna Steel Company. It was the largest independent steel company in the world at the time. Stock worth $60 million was issued, with $20 million of the newly raised capital paying off the construction of the new mill. The mill received its first shipment of iron ore on December 23, 1902. The plant's 6,000 workers (2,000 of whom came from Scranton) blew the first steel in early 1903. The company's property in Scranton was sold to the Lackawanna and Wyoming Valley Railroad, which scrapped all the remaining equipment and tore down all the buildings except for the oldest stone blast furnaces.
The economic coup which William Walker Stanton had engineered did not please the board of directors, however, who replaced him in late 1904 with Edward A. Clarke. The company continued to expand, and in 1906 bought the large Pennsylvania coal mining firm of J.W. Ellsworth Company.
Lackawanna Steel Co. had a rocky relationship with the town of West Seneca. The company demanded large investments in sewer, water, gas and road improvements but refused to pay for them itself (even though the company was much wealthier than the town). The large influx of workers from the company's old Pennsylvania site swelled the Town's population, leading to the creation of extensive tracts of extremely substandard housing and very bad public health problems (including outbreaks of cholera, typhoid and influenza). To save the town, West Senecans proposed separating the area around the steel mill as its own incorporated municipality. Lackawanna Steel opposed the incorporation of the proposed municipality (to be named Lackawanna), but it relented in 1909 after the two-year-long Panic of 1907 nearly bankrupted the Town of West Seneca and imperiled the company's operations.
The creation of U.S. Steel in 1901 supplanted Lackawanna Steel as the country's largest steel manufacturer. A number of the so-called "independent" steel companies considered merger over the next two decades as a response to U.S. Steel's formation. In late 1915, Lackawanna Steel nearly consummated a merger with the Cambria Steel Company, Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company, Youngstown Sheet and Tube, and Inland Steel. But despite the agreement of the steel companies, federal regulators, and others, the banks carrying the debt for these companies refused to approve the merger and the plan was dropped. The company's financial status varied considerably in the late 1910s. The stock set new highs and the company doubled its profits in 1917 and the first half of 1918, but in late 1918 and throughout 1919 the company fell on hard financial times.
Although Lackawanna Steel had moved to New York in part to avoid unionization, the unions followed the company. An attempt to unionize the company was made in 1919 by the Amalgamated Association of Iron and Steel Workers. Lackawanna's Democratic mayor, John Toomey, was supported financially by the Lackawanna Steel Co., and Toomey initiated a vicious red-baiting campaign to smear the union organizing effort as communist-inspired and led. The company also fired hundreds of workers in the summer and fall of 1919 for being union members or union sympathizers. Nonetheless, by 1919 more than 18,000 steelworkers at Lackawanna Steel and five other, smaller metallurgical firms in the area were organized by the American Federation of Labor (although Lackawanna officials estimated there were far fewer union members). Lackawanna Steel officials, fearing that immigrant union members would become violent, asked for and received protection from the New York State Police. The Lackawanna Steel organizing drive was part of a nationwide organizing effort by the union, and the union resolved to launch a nationwide strike in the fall of 1919 to organize the entire steel industry. The strike began on September 22, with the union claiming 8,000 of the plant's 9,000 workers had struck and the company asserting only half the workers had walked out. The same day, three riots broke out in the city. Late in the afternoon, during the shift change, a crowd of 7,000 pro-union strikers and supporters began throwing rocks, bottles and debris at the company's guards, and city police were called in to break up the disturbance. At 7:20 p.m., a crowd of 3,000 unionists and their supporters intercepted a group of 200 strikebreakers leaving the plant, and chased them through the surrounding neighborhood before police intervened and stopped them. Later in the evening, a small crowd of men beat a man who announced he would work for the company's private police force, and city police once more were called in. On September 23, 1919, company police clashed twice late in the afternoon with a crowd of about 3,000 striking workers. At 5:50 p.m., after being pelted with rocks and glass bottles, company police fired more than 50 12-gauge shotguns blasts into the crowd. "rantic signals to cease firing" by the Lackawanna Police, who were in the middle of the crowd trying to restore order, "were disregarded by the plant guards". The company guards killed two and injured three. The plant remained closed through September 28, with only 500 employees reporting for work. Lackawanna Steel, which had employed only 72 African Americans prior to the strike, hired several thousand black strikebreakers and brought them to the city to maintain operations. Outraged, union workers turned to political activity. Toomey lost re-election in the city's regularly scheduled mayoral race on November 4, 1919, and John H. Gibbons, a Socialist, was elected. Although the national organizing committee called off the strike on January 8, 1920, Gibbons' election reinvigorated the strike and some workers stayed out until June 1920. Nearly all the black strikebreakers were fired after the strike when the company took back its striking workers. The organizing campaign failed, but the company was eventually organized by the Steel Workers Organizing Committee in the late 1930s after passage of the National Labor Relations Act in 1935.
In the two years after the organizing drive, the company continued to see wide swings in profitability. In 1920, the company's profits fell again, and a merger was rumored. The company declared itself profitable in late 1920, and then reported large deficits in 1921. Rumors that the company might sell itself emerged in mid-October 1921, but in fact the firm went on a buying spree and snapped up a pig iron manufacturer and bridge steel maker.
Over the next several years, the Lackawanna plant continued to expand physically, its works now rambling over more than two miles (3 km) of shoreline and spilling over into the nearby town of Hamburg. Lackawanna Steel paid about 75 percent of the taxes in the city of Lackawanna, effectively controlling city government.
In 1922, Lackawanna Steel reported very large deficits, driven primarily by the huge New York steel mill's aging equipment.
Bethlehem Steel years.
In 1922, Lackawanna Steel Co. was acquired by the Bethlehem Steel Company, ending the company's 62-year independence. Merger rumors had plagued the company for several years by then. Rumors of an impending merger among two or more of the "Little Steel" companies—the seven steel companies largest in size next to U.S. Steel—continued in November and December 1921 and into 1922. In late April 1922, the seven "Little Steel" firms began to openly discuss the merger of two or more of the companies as a means of challenging U.S. Steel. The chief executives and creditors of these firms visited one another's plants in order to appraise them and assess the financial viability of each company. Among those visited was the Lackawanna Steel Company plant in upstate New York.
On May 11, 1922, Lackawanna Steel announced it had agreed to be purchased by Bethlehem Steel in a merger which would create a billion-dollar company. Bethlehem Steel said it would spend $10 million improving the Lackawanna mills, which were described as "obsolete" due to a lack of investment. The combined company controlled about 10 percent of the steel output of the United States, while U.S. Steel controlled about 45 percent.
A lengthy antitrust investigation followed. The United States Senate asked the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and the Justice Department to investigate the merger the day after it was announced, which the FTC did on May 14. As the merger was approved by the two companies in mid-May, the Senate and FTC each conducted separate investigations. On June 5, 1922, the FTC issued a report concluding that the merger was in violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act. However, United States Attorney General Harry M. Daugherty overruled the FTC on June 22. The merger finally took effect on October 10, 1922. Six decades later, financial analysts observed that Bethlehem Steel probably purchased Lackawanna Steel for less than half what the company was worth. Over the next decade, Bethlehem Steel spent more than $40 million modernizing the Lackawanna site.
Lackawanna continued to be a center for the manufacture of steel throughout most of the 20th century. In the 1940s, the Lackawanna steel mill employed over 20,000 people, and was the world’s largest steel factory.
Closure and aftermath.
In the 1970s and 1980s, Bethlehem Steel allowed the Lackawanna Steel plant to become obsolete. Foreign competition made it financially impossible to continue to manufacture most of the products produced at Lackawanna. Bethlehem Steel also disliked the high tax rates of the state of New York, and did not want to spend the millions of dollars in air and water pollution abatement which were required by state and federal authorities. The company built a new facility in Burns Harbor, Indiana, and stopped investing in new steel production methods at Lackawanna.
In 1982, Bethlehem Steel announced the closing of nearly all production at the Lackawanna Steel plant in New York. Bethlehem Steel, like many American steel companies, was encountering significant financial problems. Although the company made several public attempts to reassess the plant' viability and keep the plant open in the late 1970s, closure was a foregone conclusion for many. On June 25, 1982, Bethlehem Steel announced it would close the Lackawanna facility and lay off its remaining 10,000 workers in six weeks. The news meant the laying off of an additional 8,000 workers in Lackawanna, West Seneca, and Buffalo. An attempt was made to interest the Buffalo-based Gibraltar Steel Corporation in the plant, but this effort failed.
The Lackawanna Steel Co. plant closed on October 15, 1982. The company laid off workers in waves before the final closure, and transferred many others. On the day the plant closed, more than 6,000 workers lost their jobs (most of them high-paying). The city of Lackawanna's 22,700 people faced extremely large tax increases just to maintain basic services, as the amount of taxes paid by Bethlehem Steel fell from 66 percent of the city's revenue to just 8 percent. In addition, the city owed the company more than $5 million in tax overcharges. The United Steelworkers later successfully sued Bethlehem Steel for prematurely terminating the fringe benefits of the laid-off steelworkers.
The Lackawanna Steel Co, site was declared a Superfund site by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in 1988 after the EPA conducted a Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) Facility Assessment of the plant. The state of New York subsequently declared it a Class 2 Inactive Hazardous Waste Site, indicating the site poses a significant potential threat to human health and the environment. In August 1990, Bethlehem Steel (operating as Tecumseh Redevelopment, Inc.) and the EPA entered into an administrative consent order requiring Bethlehem Steel to identify the nature and extent of any releases of hazardous waste and mitigate any emergency situations that might be discovered during the course of the investigations. Bethlehem Steel and its successor corporations have been submitting RCRA Facility Investigation (RFI) reports since then. Although the RFI was due to be completed in 2004, it still was not complete as of June 2008. The site was also declared a brownfield in 2003 under the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act of 2002. While this made the city of Lackawanna eligible for federal assistance money to redevelop the site, a cooperative agreement had not been signed as of May 2006.
The city of Lackawanna redeveloped some of the former Lackawanna Steel Co. land into small business zones, bringing about 700 jobs back to the town in the late 1980s. In 1993, Veritas Capital, Inc., purchased one of the bar, rod and wire plants on the old Lackawanna site and added another 250 jobs (the workers made automobile steering columns). Bethlehem Steel ended coke production at the Lackawanna site in 2001, and as of 2008 only a galvanized steel finishing plant employing about 250 people remained.
Steel Winds, an eight-windmill wind farm owned by BQ Energy, opened on the old plant's slag heaps in September 2006.
Historic sites.
The Lackawanna Steel Company's original stone furnaces near Scranton, Pennsylvania, were placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
In addition to the original stone furnaces near Scranton, a number of the company's other construction projects are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. These include:
Lackawanna Steel in popular culture.
In 2001, the Tony Award-winning actor and playwright Ruben Santiago-Hudson wrote "Lackawanna Blues," a one-man play which depicts a fictionalized version of the playwright's childhood growing up in Lackawanna, New York. The play, which won two OBIE awards, features a number of characters who work or worked at the Lackawanna Steel Co. plant, and the company's role in the town is discussed several times in the play.

</doc>
<doc id="19002069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002069" title="Miedźno, Łódź Voivodeship">
Miedźno, Łódź Voivodeship

Miedźno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002072" title="Mikołajewice, Sieradz County">
Mikołajewice, Sieradz County

Mikołajewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002073" title="Mogilno, Łódź Voivodeship">
Mogilno, Łódź Voivodeship

Mogilno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Warta, north-east of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002075" title="Nobela">
Nobela

Nobela is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>
haup man

</doc>
<doc id="19002078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002078" title="Ostrów Warcki">
Ostrów Warcki

Ostrów Warcki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002080" title="Pierzchnia Góra">
Pierzchnia Góra

Pierzchnia Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002082" title="Piotrowice, Sieradz County">
Piotrowice, Sieradz County

Piotrowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002085" title="Proboszczowice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Proboszczowice, Łódź Voivodeship

Proboszczowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002089" title="Raczków">
Raczków

Raczków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002090" title="Raszelki">
Raszelki

Raszelki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002091" title="Rossoszyca">
Rossoszyca

Rossoszyca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 570.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002097" title="Rożdżały, Łódź Voivodeship">
Rożdżały, Łódź Voivodeship

Rożdżały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002099" title="Socha, Łódź Voivodeship">
Socha, Łódź Voivodeship

Socha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 271.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002100" title="Tądów Dolny">
Tądów Dolny

Tądów Dolny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002103" title="Tądów Górny">
Tądów Górny

Tądów Górny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002107" title="Tomisławice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Tomisławice, Łódź Voivodeship

Tomisławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002110" title="Ustków, Łódź Voivodeship">
Ustków, Łódź Voivodeship

Ustków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002113" title="Witów, Gmina Warta">
Witów, Gmina Warta

Witów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002114" title="Włyń">
Włyń

Włyń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002115" title="Wola Miłkowska">
Wola Miłkowska

Wola Miłkowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002116" title="Wola Zadąbrowska">
Wola Zadąbrowska

Wola Zadąbrowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002118" title="Zadąbrów-Rudunek">
Zadąbrów-Rudunek

Zadąbrów-Rudunek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002119" title="Zadąbrów-Wiatraki">
Zadąbrów-Wiatraki

Zadąbrów-Wiatraki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002120" title="Zagajew">
Zagajew

Zagajew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002123" title="Zakrzew, Sieradz County">
Zakrzew, Sieradz County

Zakrzew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002124" title="Zaspy">
Zaspy

Zaspy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Warta, north of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002126" title="Zielęcin, Sieradz County">
Zielęcin, Sieradz County

Zielęcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Warta, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002136" title="Bliźniew">
Bliźniew

Bliźniew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wróblew, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002138" title="Charłupia Wielka">
Charłupia Wielka

Charłupia Wielka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wróblew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002139" title="Dąbrówka, Gmina Wróblew">
Dąbrówka, Gmina Wróblew

Dąbrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002141" title="Drzązna">
Drzązna

Drzązna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wróblew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002142" title="Dziebędów">
Dziebędów

Dziebędów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wróblew, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź. go there .
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002144" title="Gęsówka">
Gęsówka

Gęsówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wróblew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002145" title="Inczew">
Inczew

Inczew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wróblew, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002148" title="Józefów, Sieradz County">
Józefów, Sieradz County

Józefów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wróblew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002149" title="Kobierzycko">
Kobierzycko

Kobierzycko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wróblew, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002151" title="Kościerzyn">
Kościerzyn

Kościerzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wróblew, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002152" title="Ocin">
Ocin

Ocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wróblew, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002153" title="Oraczew Mały">
Oraczew Mały

Oraczew Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wróblew, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002154" title="USNS Lynch (T-AGOR-7)">
USNS Lynch (T-AGOR-7)

USS "Lynch" (T-AGOR-7) was a "Robert D. Conrad"-class oceanographic research ship that served the United States Navy from 1965 to 1994. During that period she provided valuable ocean-bottom information and underwater test data to the U.S. Navy and other U.S. agencies.
Built in Point Pleasant, West Virginia.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Lynch" (AGOR 7), an oceanographic survey ship, was laid down 7 September 1962 by Marietta Manufacturing Co., Point Pleasant, West Virginia; launched 17 March 1964; sponsored by Mrs. Walter M. Windsor as proxy for Miss Withers Millard, great great granddaughter of Captain William Francis Lynch; and delivered to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) Gulf 23 July 1965.
Navy oceanographic service.
Following MSTS acceptance, "Lynch" underwent shakedown training in the Gulf of Mexico. In November 1965 she proceeded to New London, Connecticut, to commence oceanographic research operations. The 15 scientists embarked, working with the latest oceanographic equipment, analyzed ocean currents, the effects of salinity and temperature on sonic transmission, and the effects of pressure on various materials.
In early 1966, AGOR-7 commenced research operations using the SPAR (Seagoing Platform for Acoustic Research) in the western Atlantic Ocean. The SPAR is 355 feet long and when partially flooded, acts as a buoy measuring and retransmitting acoustic data to the research ship.
"Lynch" continued research for the Naval Oceanographic Office, operating off the eastern seaboard from Halifax, Nova Scotia, to the Virgin Islands.
Inactivation.
On 23 December 1994, "Lynch" was struck from the Navy List and, on 29 November 2001 "Lynch" was sold for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="19002155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002155" title="Oraczew Wielki">
Oraczew Wielki

Oraczew Wielki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wróblew, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002157" title="Próchna">
Próchna

Próchna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wróblew, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002160" title="Rakowice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Rakowice, Łódź Voivodeship

Rakowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wróblew, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002162" title="Rowy, Łódź Voivodeship">
Rowy, Łódź Voivodeship

Rowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wróblew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002164" title="Sadokrzyce">
Sadokrzyce

Sadokrzyce is a rich village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wróblew, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź. This village arise in 1314.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002165" title="Sędzice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Sędzice, Łódź Voivodeship

Sędzice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wróblew, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002166" title="Słomków Mokry">
Słomków Mokry

Słomków Mokry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wróblew, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002168" title="Słomków Suchy">
Słomków Suchy

Słomków Suchy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wróblew, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002169" title="Smardzew, Sieradz County">
Smardzew, Sieradz County

Smardzew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wróblew, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002170" title="Tubądzin">
Tubądzin

Tubądzin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wróblew, north-west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 230. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002171" title="Tworkowizna Rowska">
Tworkowizna Rowska

Tworkowizna Rowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002172" title="Wągłczew">
Wągłczew

Wągłczew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wróblew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wróblew, west of Sieradz, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002175" title="Wróblew">
Wróblew

Wróblew may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19002177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002177" title="Wróblew, Sieradz County">
Wróblew, Sieradz County

Wróblew is a village in Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wróblew. It lies approximately west of Sieradz and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 340.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002187" title="Lake Bruin State Park">
Lake Bruin State Park

Lake Bruin State Park, one of twenty-two Louisiana state parks, is located on Lake Bruin, a clear ox-bow lake of the Mississippi River near St. Joseph, the seat of Tensas Parish in the northeastern portion of the state. The lake consists of more than 3,000 acres (12 km²) of water surface. Park visitors enjoy fishing, water sports, and camping. There are cypress trees in the lake which have stood since before the Spaniard Hernando de Soto traveled through the region in the 1540s. The park was established in 1928 as a fish hatchery. On July 10, 1956, Governor Earl Kemp Long signed legislation authorizing the development of the park. Initially called Lake Bruin Wayside Park, the name was later changed to Lake Bruin State Park. Two weeks later, legislation was signed to acquire the land for the park, long promoted by the then State Representative J.C. Seaman
of Waterproof.
The park has twenty-five improved campsites, all with water, electricity, picnic tables, and wheelchair-accessible bathhouses. There is also a primitive camping area for tents. The park has three fishing piers, year-round boat launching, and a shed for docking boats. Rental boats are also available. Large mouth bass are caught year round, with the prime months being April–June and September and October. Crappie or white perch are taken in the early spring. Bluegill fishing is best in shallow waters at each end of the lake.
Summer afternoon temperatures reach well into the nineties at Lake Bruin. Night temperatures in the summer drop into the seventies. During winter, high temperatures are in the fifties. On winter nights, the mercury may dip into the thirties.
The park address is 202 State Park Road in St. Joseph 71366. It is reached from the St. Joseph exit on U.S. Highway 65 via Highway 128 east and Louisiana Highway 606 north. It is accessible from Natchez and Vicksburg, Mississippi, and Ferriday in Concordia Parish and Tallulah, the seat of Madison Parish. Lake Bruin is open from 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. Sunday through Thursday. The park remains open until 10 p.m. on Friday and Saturday and on days preceding legal holidays. The entrance fee is $1 per person. Those sixty-two and above and children under three are not charged. Camping and boating fees are extra. Patrons may telephone 318-766-3530 or 888-677-2784 toll-free.
Many fashionable homes have been built in recent years outside the park on Lake Bruin. Some are vacation homes, but most are permanent residences.
Nearby attractions.
Close to Lake Bruin is Winter Quarters State Historic Site, located on Lake St. Joseph, another ox-bow lake of the Mississippi River some six miles (10 km) southeast of Newellton on Louisiana Highway 608. This former plantation survived the American Civil War. It was the home of physician Haller Nutt and was spared the torch by his wife, Julia Nutt, who fed and housed Union Army soldiers under General U.S. Grant so that the structure would not be destroyed. Winter Quarters features a museum, guided tours, and special events.
Tensas National Wildlife Refuge, located off Interstate 20 via U.S. Highway 65, is a refuge of bottomland forest with hunting, fishing, hiking, wildlife-viewing, canoeing, interpreted trails, a boardwalk and educational programs. A visitor center contains brochures, exhibits, species lists, and regulations.
Fourteen miles northwest of St. Joseph is Buckhorn Wildlife Management Area, which may be reached through Louisiana Highways 4 and 128 in Tensas Parish. Buckhorn has of bottomland hardwood forest and opportunities for hunting, fishing, and wildlife-viewing.

</doc>
<doc id="19002200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002200" title="45th Regiment">
45th Regiment

45th Regiment or 45th Infantry Regiment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19002201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002201" title="Andrzejówka, Łódź Voivodeship">
Andrzejówka, Łódź Voivodeship

Andrzejówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002203" title="Biesiec, Łódź Voivodeship">
Biesiec, Łódź Voivodeship

Biesiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002206" title="Borzęckie">
Borzęckie

Borzęckie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002207" title="Broszki">
Broszki

Broszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002209" title="Broszki-Kolonia">
Broszki-Kolonia

Broszki-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002210" title="Bujnów">
Bujnów

Bujnów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002211" title="Bujnów-Kolonia">
Bujnów-Kolonia

Bujnów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002213" title="Burdynówka">
Burdynówka

Burdynówka () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.

</doc>
<doc id="19002215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002215" title="Czarna">
Czarna

Czarna may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19002217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002217" title="Czarna, Łódź Voivodeship">
Czarna, Łódź Voivodeship

Czarna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002220" title="Dąbrowa Miętka">
Dąbrowa Miętka

Dąbrowa Miętka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002222" title="Doliny">
Doliny

Doliny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002225" title="Emilianów, Sieradz County">
Emilianów, Sieradz County

Emilianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002226" title="Filipole">
Filipole

Filipole is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002229" title="Galbierka">
Galbierka

Galbierka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002231" title="Radio 2 Morning">
Radio 2 Morning

Radio 2 Morning is the morning program on CBC Radio 2 in Canada, launched September 2, 2008. The program features a cross-genre selection of Canadian and international music.
The program airs from 6 to 9 a.m. seven days a week. Tom Power, who also hosts Radio 2's folk music program "Deep Roots", has been permanent weekday host since November 2011, after a successful stint as interim host following the departure of Bob Mackowycz in late July 2011. Tom Allen, current host of Radio 2's "Shift", served as weekday host prior to Mackowycz.
The weekend editions were hosted by jazz singer Molly Johnson from the show's inception until December 2013. The following month, Talia Schlanger became the host.
The program's production staff is mostly based at the Canadian Broadcasting Centre in Toronto, although Power, who lives in St. John's, occasionally hosts from the CBC's facilities in that city.

</doc>
<doc id="19002232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002232" title="Glina, Sieradz County">
Glina, Sieradz County

Glina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002235" title="Górki, Sieradz County">
Górki, Sieradz County

Górki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002238" title="Grójec Mały, Łódź Voivodeship">
Grójec Mały, Łódź Voivodeship

Grójec Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002243" title="Grójec Wielki, Łódź Voivodeship">
Grójec Wielki, Łódź Voivodeship

Grójec Wielki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002244" title="Grójec Wielki-Gajówka">
Grójec Wielki-Gajówka

Grójec Wielki-Gajówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002249" title="Grójec Wielki-Leśniczówka">
Grójec Wielki-Leśniczówka

Grójec Wielki-Leśniczówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002250" title="Gronówek">
Gronówek

Gronówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002251" title="Jaryszek">
Jaryszek

Jaryszek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002254" title="Jaźwiny, Łódź Voivodeship">
Jaźwiny, Łódź Voivodeship

Jaźwiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002257" title="Jeże">
Jeże

Jeże may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19002259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002259" title="Jeże, Łódź Voivodeship">
Jeże, Łódź Voivodeship

Jeże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002261" title="Kamasówka">
Kamasówka

Kamasówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002262" title="Kamasze">
Kamasze

Kamasze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002267" title="Kita, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kita, Łódź Voivodeship

Kita is a small village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002270" title="Koźliny, Łódź Voivodeship">
Koźliny, Łódź Voivodeship

Koźliny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002273" title="Kresy, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kresy, Łódź Voivodeship

Kresy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002276" title="Krzyżanka, Łódź Voivodeship">
Krzyżanka, Łódź Voivodeship

Krzyżanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002277" title="Łagiewniki, Sieradz County">
Łagiewniki, Sieradz County

Łagiewniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002285" title="Łeszczyn">
Łeszczyn

Łeszczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002286" title="Lipiny, Gmina Złoczew">
Lipiny, Gmina Złoczew

Lipiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002289" title="Ługi, Sieradz County">
Ługi, Sieradz County

Ługi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002291" title="Miklesz">
Miklesz

Miklesz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002292" title="Miklesz-Kolonia">
Miklesz-Kolonia

Miklesz-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002297" title="Młyn, Łódź Voivodeship">
Młyn, Łódź Voivodeship

Młyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002298" title="Napłatek">
Napłatek

Napłatek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002301" title="Venom (Transformers)">
Venom (Transformers)

Venom is the name of a fictional character in the Transformers universes.
Transformers: Generation 1.
Venom is the leader of the Deluxe Insecticons who turns into a Cicada. The Deluxe Insecticons were built by Bandai as part of a short-lived toyline called Beetras, and imported to the United States via Hasbro. Due to an arrangement with Takara (the Japanese toy company who built the toys originally intended to be Transformers), they never appeared on TV in anything more than animated commercials. 
Reception.
Venom was named the 2nd oddest thing that G1 Transformers transform into by Topless Robot.
Marvel Comics.
In the Marvel comics, Venom was part of the Decepticon Mayhem Attack Squad, counterpart to the Autobot Wreckers. They were sent to Earth to stop the time-travelling Galvatron, forming an uneasy alliance with their rivals. However, they faced not only Galvatron, but a clone of Megatron (at the time believed to be the real thing). Both elite squads were decimated, with at least Venom and Chop Shop being killed. 
Dreamwave Productions.
In Dreamwave's "The War Within" series, Venom and Chop Shop participated in Shockwave's attack on Iacon. They and the other Deluxe Insecticons were members of Ratbat's Ultracons faction, and would also be the primary antagonists of the Micromasters miniseries.
After Autobot leader Optimus Prime and Decepticon leader Megatron disappeared in a Space Bridge accident several million years ago, the Autobots and Decepticons split up into several factions. One of those who broke away was Ratbat, who quickly took the opportunity to form his own power base. Gathering loyalist followers and setting up their HQ in the Polyhex region of Cybertron the Ultracons quickly came into conflict with the Autobot splinter faction The Wreckers. However, Ratbat added a secret weapon to his ranks - the combiner team the Constructicons, in flagrant defiance of treaties banning their use in the civil war as both Autobots and Decepticons splintered. 
When the Ultracons attacked the Tagan Heights in order to seize its factories for themselves, they were opposed by the Wreckers. Ratbat quickly unleashed the Constructicons in their combined form of Devastator, routing the Wreckers. However, Ratbat was prevented from executing his rival Springer by the arrival of the Protectobots in their combined form of Defensor. The Autobot combiners were hoping to prevent an arms race between the various factions by stopping combiners signing up with the factions. After the battle devastated the very manufacturing facilities the two factions hoped to acquire, the Protectobots separated and defeated Devastator via sabotage. With their most potent weapon gone, the Ultracons retreated.
Later, the Ultracons joined with the Decepticons under Shockwave to support a peace accord with the Autobots, fighting off Starscream's Predacon faction. However, Megatron's return with an army of Seeker clones would bring a halt to the peace proceedings, and the Ultracons would be reabsorbed into the Decepticons.

</doc>
<doc id="19002303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002303" title="Niwa, Łódź Voivodeship">
Niwa, Łódź Voivodeship

Niwa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002304" title="Obojęcie">
Obojęcie

Obojęcie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002309" title="Pieczyska, Sieradz County">
Pieczyska, Sieradz County

Pieczyska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002310" title="Tempo (radio show)">
Tempo (radio show)

Tempo is the midday program on CBC Radio 2 in Canada, launched on September 2, 2008. 
Hosted by Canadian opera singer Julie Nesrallah, the program airs classical music. Originally it ran from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. each weekday; the show was later cut by an hour, and scheduled from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Among the show's features was its Haydn Challenge, a now-completed attempt to play all 104 symphonies of Joseph Haydn during the 2009 calendar year.
Segments:
Among the guest hosts are Andrew Craig.

</doc>
<doc id="19002312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002312" title="Jeanette">
Jeanette

Jeanette, Jeannette or Jeanetta may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19002314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002314" title="Pogony">
Pogony

Pogony is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002316" title="Pokarczemna">
Pokarczemna

Pokarczemna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002319" title="Pokowalska">
Pokowalska

Pokowalska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002320" title="Potok, Sieradz County">
Potok, Sieradz County

Potok is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 190.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002324" title="Prusaki">
Prusaki

Prusaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002327" title="Przerwa">
Przerwa

Przerwa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19002328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002328" title="Wanjiru">
Wanjiru

Wanjiru is a surname of Kenyan origin that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19002329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002329" title="Przerwa, Łódź Voivodeship">
Przerwa, Łódź Voivodeship

Przerwa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002330" title="Przylepka">
Przylepka

Przylepka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002332" title="Robaszew">
Robaszew

Robaszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002335" title="Serwitut">
Serwitut

Serwitut may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19002336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002336" title="Serwitut (sołectwo Czarna)">
Serwitut (sołectwo Czarna)

Serwitut is a small village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in the central area of Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002339" title="Nova Scotia general election, 2009">
Nova Scotia general election, 2009

The 38th Nova Scotia general election was held on June 9, 2009 to elect members of the 61st House of Assembly of the Province of Nova Scotia, Canada. The government was defeated on a money bill on May 4, and the Nova Scotia House of Assembly was dissolved by Lieutenant Governor Mayann Francis on May 5.
Campaign.
The election campaign began on May 5, 2009, after the New Democrats and Liberals voted against the Offshore Offset Revenues Expenditure Act, legislation that would have permitted the government to divert its revenues from oil and gas development in the Atlantic Ocean from debt payment, as required under current provincial law, to fund extra spending in the 2009 budget. As the Progressive Conservatives won only a minority government in the 2006 election, at least one of the two opposition parties would have been required to vote in favour of (or abstain from voting on) the legislation for it to pass.
Timeline.
Results by party.
Candidates lined up.

</doc>
<doc id="19002340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002340" title="Serwitut (sołectwo Stolec)">
Serwitut (sołectwo Stolec)

Serwitut is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002341" title="Siekanie">
Siekanie

Siekanie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002343" title="Stanisławów, Sieradz County">
Stanisławów, Sieradz County

Stanisławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002344" title="Stara Wieś, Sieradz County">
Stara Wieś, Sieradz County

Stara Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002346" title="Stolec, Łódź Voivodeship">
Stolec, Łódź Voivodeship

Stolec (; translation: "Feces") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 440.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002347" title="Stolec Poduchowny">
Stolec Poduchowny

Stolec Poduchowny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002348" title="Struga, Łódź Voivodeship">
Struga, Łódź Voivodeship

Struga is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002349" title="Radio 2 Drive">
Radio 2 Drive

Radio 2 Drive is the afternoon program on CBC Radio 2 in Canada, launched September 2, 2008. 
On air from 3:30-7 pm, it is hosted by Rich Terfry, also known as Buck 65. The program airs a "mix of current singer-songwriters, roots and urban music.". It was a major change for Radio 2, which had previously focused on classical music and jazz.
For a December 2008 article in the "Toronto Star", Terfry listed the following as his "Top Tracks of 2008", most of which were discovered since his hosting of "Radio 2 Drive":

</doc>
<doc id="19002353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002353" title="Szklana Huta, Łódź Voivodeship">
Szklana Huta, Łódź Voivodeship

Szklana Huta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and southwest of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002356" title="Szlachecka, Łódź Voivodeship">
Szlachecka, Łódź Voivodeship

Szlachecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002360" title="45 Squadron">
45 Squadron

45 Squadron or 45th Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19002361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002361" title="Uników, Łódź Voivodeship">
Uników, Łódź Voivodeship

Uników is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002363" title="Uników Poduchowny">
Uników Poduchowny

Uników Poduchowny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Złoczew, southwest of Sieradz, and southwest of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002367" title="Uników-Kolonia">
Uników-Kolonia

Uników-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002368" title="Wandalin, Łódź Voivodeship">
Wandalin, Łódź Voivodeship

Wandalin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002369" title="Wandalin nad Szosą">
Wandalin nad Szosą

Wandalin nad Szosą is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002370" title="Wilkołek Grójecki">
Wilkołek Grójecki

Wilkołek Grójecki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002373" title="Wilkołek Unikowski">
Wilkołek Unikowski

Wilkołek Unikowski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Złoczew, south-west of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002376" title="Zapowiednik">
Zapowiednik

Zapowiednik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Złoczew, south of Sieradz, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002377" title="Zawiatraki">
Zawiatraki

Zawiatraki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002387" title="Phytomer">
Phytomer

Phytomers are functional units of a plant continually produced by root and shoot meristems throughout a plant's vegetative life-cycle. The phytomer unit originates at the shoot (or root) apex, and typical phytomer consists of a node to which a leaf is attached, a subtending internode, and an axillary bud at the base of the leaf. Each component of a phytomer can continue to differentiate and grow. Increases in phytomer can be measured using the rate of phyllochron (rate of appearance of leaves n a shoot). Related to the phyllochron is the plastochrone, which is the rate of leaf primordia initiation. Since many more leaf primordia are initiated than leaves develop, the plastochrone develops at a much faster rate (sometimes as much as twice as quickly) as the phyllochrone.
Initially, a young plant will only produce phytomers at its apical meristems but later in development, secondary meristems will begin to form and phytomers will be formed on this lateral plant growth.
References.
Howell, S.H. (1998). "Molecular Genetics of Plant Development". Cambridge University Press 104. ISBN 0-521-58784-0
McMaster, G. S. Phytomers, phyllochrons, phenology and temperate cereal development. J. Agric. Sci. 143, 137 (2005).

</doc>
<doc id="19002394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002394" title="Bolimowska Wieś">
Bolimowska Wieś

Bolimowska Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Bolimów, north of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002395" title="Humin-Dobra Ziemskie">
Humin-Dobra Ziemskie

Humin-Dobra Ziemskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bolimów, north of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002397" title="Knowing and the Known">
Knowing and the Known

Knowing and the Known is a 1949 book by John Dewey and Arthur Bentley.
Overview.
As well as a Preface, an Introduction and an Index, the book consists of 12 chapters, or papers, as the authors call them in their introduction. Chapters 1 (Vagueness in Logic), 8 (Logic in an Age of Science) and 9 (A Confused "Semiotic") were written by Bentley; Chapter 10 (Common Sense and Science) by Dewey, while the remainder were signed jointly.
The terminology problem in the fields of epistemology and logic is partially due, according to Dewey and Bentley, to inefficient and imprecise use of words and concepts that reflect three historic levels of organization and presentation. In the order of chronological appearance, these are :
Transactions.
A series of characterizations of Transactions indicate the wide range of considerations involved.
Illustration of differences between self-action, interaction, and transaction, as well as the different facets of transactional inquiry are provided by statements of positions that Dewey and Bentley definitely did "not" hold and which "never should be read" into their work.
In summary, all of human knowledge consists of actions and products of acts in which men and women participate with other human beings, with animals and plants, as well as objects of all types, in any environment. Men and women have, are, and will present their acts of knowing and known in language. Generic people, and specific men and women, are known to be vulnerable to error. Consequently, all knowledge (knowing and known) whether commonsensical or scientific; past, present, or future; is subject to further inquiry, examination, review, and revision.
See also.
List of publications by John Dewey

</doc>
<doc id="19002400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002400" title="Jasionna, Skierniewice County">
Jasionna, Skierniewice County

Jasionna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Bolimów, north of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002401" title="Joachimów-Mogiły">
Joachimów-Mogiły

Joachimów-Mogiły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Bolimów, north of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002402" title="Józefów, Skierniewice County">
Józefów, Skierniewice County

Józefów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bolimów, north-east of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002405" title="Kęszyce-Wieś">
Kęszyce-Wieś

Kęszyce-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Bolimów, north of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002407" title="Kolonia Bolimowska-Wieś">
Kolonia Bolimowska-Wieś

Kolonia Bolimowska-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Skierniewice and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002409" title="Kolonia Wola Szydłowiecka">
Kolonia Wola Szydłowiecka

Kolonia Wola Szydłowiecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Bolimów, north-east of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002410" title="Kurabka">
Kurabka

Kurabka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Bolimów, north of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002412" title="Łasieczniki">
Łasieczniki

Łasieczniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Bolimów, north of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002413" title="Nowe Kęszyce">
Nowe Kęszyce

Nowe Kęszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Bolimów, north of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002416" title="Podsokołów">
Podsokołów

Podsokołów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Bolimów, north of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002417" title="Sierzchów">
Sierzchów

Sierzchów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19002419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002419" title="Sierzchów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Sierzchów, Łódź Voivodeship

Sierzchów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bolimów, north of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002420" title="Sokołów, Skierniewice County">
Sokołów, Skierniewice County

Sokołów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Bolimów, north of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002423" title="Wola Szydłowiecka">
Wola Szydłowiecka

Wola Szydłowiecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Bolimów, north-east of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002424" title="Wólka Łasiecka">
Wólka Łasiecka

Wólka Łasiecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bolimów, north of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002425" title="Ziąbki">
Ziąbki

Ziąbki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Bolimów, north of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002426" title="Ziemiary">
Ziemiary

Ziemiary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Bolimów, north of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002432" title="Białynin">
Białynin

Białynin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Głuchów, south-west of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 330.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002433" title="Białynin-Południe">
Białynin-Południe

Białynin-Południe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Głuchów, south-west of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002435" title="Borysław, Łódź Voivodeship">
Borysław, Łódź Voivodeship

Borysław is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Głuchów, south of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002437" title="Celigów">
Celigów

Celigów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Głuchów, south of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002442" title="Głuchów, Skierniewice County">
Głuchów, Skierniewice County

Głuchów is a village in Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Głuchów. It lies approximately south of Skierniewice and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 1,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002445" title="Denée">
Denée

Denée may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19002446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002446" title="Janisławice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Janisławice, Łódź Voivodeship

Janisławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Głuchów, south-west of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002449" title="Jasień, Skierniewice County">
Jasień, Skierniewice County

Jasień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Głuchów, south of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002451" title="Kochanów, Skierniewice County">
Kochanów, Skierniewice County

Kochanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Głuchów, south-west of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002453" title="Michowice">
Michowice

Michowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Głuchów, south of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002455" title="Miłochniewice">
Miłochniewice

Miłochniewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Głuchów, south-west of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002457" title="Prusy, Łódź Voivodeship">
Prusy, Łódź Voivodeship

Prusy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Głuchów, south of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 95.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002458" title="Skoczykłody">
Skoczykłody

Skoczykłody is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Głuchów, south of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002460" title="Wysokienice">
Wysokienice

Wysokienice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Głuchów, south of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 830.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002463" title="Złota">
Złota

Złota may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19002465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002465" title="Złota, Łódź Voivodeship">
Złota, Łódź Voivodeship

Złota is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Głuchów, south of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 670.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002469" title="Byczki">
Byczki

Byczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godzianów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Godzianów, south-west of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 437.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002472" title="Godzianów">
Godzianów

Godzianów is a village in Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Godzianów. It lies approximately south-west of Skierniewice and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 921.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002475" title="Kawęczyn, Skierniewice County">
Kawęczyn, Skierniewice County

Kawęczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godzianów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Godzianów, south-west of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 246.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002476" title="Lnisno">
Lnisno

Lnisno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godzianów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Godzianów, south of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 407.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002478" title="All of the Above (J-Live album)">
All of the Above (J-Live album)

All of the Above is the second album of indie hip hop artist J-Live, released in 2002 on the label Coup dEtat. The album's cover art pays homage/tribute to John Coltrane's famous cover design on his 1957 album "Blue Train".

</doc>
<doc id="19002479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002479" title="Płyćwia">
Płyćwia

Płyćwia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godzianów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Godzianów, west of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 511.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002481" title="Zapady">
Zapady

Zapady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godzianów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Godzianów, south-west of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 514.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002499" title="Borszyce">
Borszyce

Borszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Kowiesy, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002500" title="Budy Chojnackie">
Budy Chojnackie

Budy Chojnackie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kowiesy, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002502" title="Chełmce">
Chełmce

Chełmce may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19002503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002503" title="Chełmce, Łódź Voivodeship">
Chełmce, Łódź Voivodeship

Chełmce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kowiesy, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002504" title="Chojnata">
Chojnata

Chojnata is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kowiesy, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002505" title="Chojnatka">
Chojnatka

Chojnatka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kowiesy, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002507" title="Chrzczonowice">
Chrzczonowice

Chrzczonowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kowiesy, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002509" title="Franciszków, Skierniewice County">
Franciszków, Skierniewice County

Franciszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kowiesy, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002510" title="America's Auction Network">
America's Auction Network

America's Auction Network (or AANtv) is an American satellite television network specializing in over-the-air auctions
AANtv is a licensed and bonded auction house with a host of auctioneers along with a diversified staff of experts in arts, antiques, real estate, jewelry, gemstones, rare coins and currency, rugs, sports and entertainment memorabilia and more. AANtv broadcasts live auctions 24 hours a day on DirecTV, Dish Network, Bright House and Time Warner across North America. Their studio is located in St Petersburg, Florida. The network is also streamed live on its website, where customers may purchase items or place online bids.

</doc>
<doc id="19002511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002511" title="Jakubów, Skierniewice County">
Jakubów, Skierniewice County

Jakubów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kowiesy, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002512" title="Janów, Skierniewice County">
Janów, Skierniewice County

Janów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kowiesy, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002516" title="Kowiesy">
Kowiesy

Kowiesy may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19002519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002519" title="Kowiesy, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kowiesy, Łódź Voivodeship

Kowiesy is a village in Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kowiesy. It lies approximately east of Skierniewice and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002520" title="Lisna">
Lisna

Lisna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kowiesy, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002524" title="Michałowice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Michałowice, Łódź Voivodeship

Michałowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kowiesy, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002525" title="Nowy Lindów">
Nowy Lindów

Nowy Lindów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kowiesy, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002527" title="Nowy Wylezin">
Nowy Wylezin

Nowy Wylezin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Kowiesy, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002535" title="The Soft Centre">
The Soft Centre

The Soft Centre is a work of detective fiction by James Hadley Chase, first published in Great Britain by Robert Hale Ltd. in 1964. The novel in set in Chase's fictional city "Paradise City" and was the first novel to introduce Detective Tom Lepski.
Plot summary.
Val Burnett's husband, Chris, has had a near-fatal head injury and has now been brought to the Spanish Bay Hotel, Paradise City, to lie in the sun-and-sands and recuperate. He is almost a zombie by now, although there is hope of recovery. One day he vanishes from the Spanish Bay Hotel, only to be found the next day, roaming around in a disheveled state on the highway. The same day, a hard-faced prostitute, Joan Parnell, is found horrifically ripped apart in a nearby motel room. So far no connection. But a cigarette lighter presented to Chris by Val, is found in the scene of the crime. And blackmailers, gangsters, corrupt private eyes, homosexual criminals and other assorted crooks have a field day.The adventure begins with Valerie Burnett, the attractive daughter of a multimillionaire, and her husband Chris in the luxurious Spanish Bay Hotel with special advice to get some relaxation in the Miami sun especially after Chris had received severe brain injuries from a car accident.In a shabby second-rate motel on the outskirts of Florida an attractive blonde was found savagely murdered. On the same night Chris Burnett disappeared.Police investigated but when the case proved too much for them, Joan Parnell, the sister of the dead woman, went to seek The Hare Investigating Agency to find her sister’s killer. Luckily for them, they stumbled on enough evidence that turned them greedy and the story begins with twists and styles as expected from a great author like James Hadley.

</doc>
<doc id="19002542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002542" title="Denée (Belgium)">
Denée (Belgium)

Denée ("Dinêye" in Walloon) is a Belgian village, since 1977 part of the municipality of Anhée in the province of Namur.
Maredsous Abbey is located nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="19002552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002552" title="Brickman (surname)">
Brickman (surname)

Brickman is a surname of English origin. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19002553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002553" title="Heinrich Emil Timerding">
Heinrich Emil Timerding

Heinrich Carl Franz Emil Timerding (1873, Strasbourg - 1945, Braunschweig) was a German mathematician, professor at the Technical University Braunschweig, mainly known for his contributions to probability theory.

</doc>
<doc id="19002576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002576" title="Euro Beach Soccer Cup">
Euro Beach Soccer Cup

The Euro Beach Soccer Cup ("Euro BS Cup" or "EBSC") is an annual European competition in beach soccer. Started in 1998 as the "European Pro Beach Soccer Cup".

</doc>
<doc id="19002594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002594" title="USS Poinsett">
USS Poinsett

USS "Poinsett" is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="19002605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002605" title="Lake Bruin">
Lake Bruin

Lake Bruin is an ox-bow lake of the Mississippi River located in Tensas Parish in northeastern Louisiana. It consists of some of unusually clear water, particularly suited for swimming, boating, and fishing. Part of the lake is owned by the state, which operates Lake Bruin State Park, one of nineteen Louisiana state parks. Much of the land beside the lake is in private hands, and many fashionable homes, both vacation houses and permanent residences, have been constructed there in recent years. Many of the homes have piers extending into the lake.
Lake Bruin is the ox-bow lake for the St. Joseph area. Other ox-bow lakes include Lake St. Joseph, located in Newellton and across the highway from the nearby Winter Quarters State Historic Site, and Lake St. John near Waterproof.
Lake Bruin is named for Peter Bryan Bruin (1756-1827), a native of Winchester, Virginia, who owned a large plantation on the shores of the lake and resided there for a number of years after 1807. He is interred near Bruinsburg in Claiborne County, Mississippi.
Former State Senator Clifford Cleveland Brooks in 1920 purchased the Botany Bay plantation on Lake Bruin. He served in the Senate from 1924 to 1932.After Brooks' death in 1944, his widow continued to operate the population.
Area district attorney Jefferson B. Snyder, a St. Joseph native, maintained for many years a popular hunting lodge on Lake Bruin where he entertained governors, U.S. senators, surgeons, publishers, architects, even local bootleggers and African Americans in various occupations. 

</doc>
<doc id="19002607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002607" title="Veteran Car Club of Great Britain">
Veteran Car Club of Great Britain

The Veteran Car Club of Great Britain is a vintage motor racing club in England. The club was formed in 1930 for "Veteran" automobiles (those made before 1905) and Edwardian automobiles (those made between 1905 and 1917).

</doc>
<doc id="19002612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002612" title="Reiko Mutō">
Reiko Mutō

Mutō died of acute heart failure on October 29, 2006 in Setagaya, Tokyo, Japan.
Roles.
Anime TV series.
Sources:
OVAs.
Sources:
Anime films.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="19002615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002615" title="Paplin, Łódź Voivodeship">
Paplin, Łódź Voivodeship

Paplin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kowiesy, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002618" title="Paplinek">
Paplinek

Paplinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kowiesy, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002620" title="Pękoszew">
Pękoszew

Pękoszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Kowiesy, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002622" title="Stary Wylezin">
Stary Wylezin

Stary Wylezin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Kowiesy, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002623" title="Turowa Wola">
Turowa Wola

Turowa Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kowiesy, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002624" title="Ulaski">
Ulaski

Ulaski may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19002625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002625" title="Ulaski, Łódź Voivodeship">
Ulaski, Łódź Voivodeship

Ulaski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kowiesy, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002626" title="Wędrogów">
Wędrogów

Wędrogów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kowiesy, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002628" title="Wola Pękoszewska">
Wola Pękoszewska

Wola Pękoszewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Kowiesy, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002630" title="Wólka Jeruzalska">
Wólka Jeruzalska

Wólka Jeruzalska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Kowiesy, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002632" title="Wycinka Wolska">
Wycinka Wolska

Wycinka Wolska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Kowiesy, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002636" title="Wymysłów, Skierniewice County">
Wymysłów, Skierniewice County

Wymysłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Skierniewice and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002638" title="Zawady, Skierniewice County">
Zawady, Skierniewice County

Zawady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kowiesy, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002639" title="Philip Dundas">
Philip Dundas

Philip Dundas (c.1763–1807) was a Scottish British East India naval officer, president of the East India Marine Board and superintendent of Bombay. He returned to Britain and became a Member of Parliament and returned to the Far East to become governor of Prince of Wales Island.
Early life.
Philip Dundas was the fourth son of fourth son of Robert Dundas of Arniston, the younger, and his second wife Grace, his second wife, daughter of William Grant, Lord Prestongrange.
East India Company.
Dundas joined the East India Company Navy and rose to become captain of "Melville Castle" from 1786 until 1792. Through the influence of his politically well connected uncle, Henry Dundas, 1st Viscount Melville, he was promoted from captain to president of the Marine Board and superintendent of Bombay from 1792 until 1801, during which time "he had £10,000 a year and accumulated £70,000 or £80,000, with which he returned to England".
Member of Parliament.
On returning to Britain Dundas stood as a member of Parliament for English constituency of Gatton and having won the seat after a contested by-election (during which he was elected with a single vote cast) entered Parliament on 24 January 1803. He would remain in parliament for a little over two years, and although he remained a silent member, like other members of his family he voted in favour of measures that bought Addington administration to an end. In April 1805 he vacated his seat, leaving it at Pitt’s disposal.
Prince of Wales Island.
Very shortly after leaving Parliament, Dundas embarked on a voyage to the East Indies to take up the governorship of Prince of Wales Island. His uncle the Viscount Melville had long hoped to establish a naval arsenal.
The newly appointed Lieutenant-Governor of Penang, arrived at the newly created Presidency of the British East India Company, between the 18th and the 24 September 1805, together with his Council and the subordinate officials, including his Deputy Secretary, Stamford Raffles, who would form his new government.
The status of Penang (comprising Prince of Wales' Island and Province Wellesley) at this time, was such that it was on an equal footing with the three great Presidencies in India — Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay. Dundas was Governor of Prince of Wales Isle (Penang) from 1805 to 1807.
He created a red-light district so that he could control disease without having to discourage business. On board HMS "Belliqueux", in the Bay of Bengal, he died on 8 April 1807 just two years after he arrived, ill health from unsanitary conditions taking him, and was buried in Penang a few days later.
Family.
Dundas was married twice. In 1790 he married Penelope Ford Lindsay of Dublin. She died in 1802. They had no children.
On 5 May 1803 he married Margaret (died 1806),

</doc>
<doc id="19002643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002643" title="Chlebów">
Chlebów

Chlebów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19002644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002644" title="Chlebów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Chlebów, Łódź Voivodeship

Chlebów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipce Reymontowskie, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Lipce Reymontowskie, west of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002647" title="Drzewce, Łódź Voivodeship">
Drzewce, Łódź Voivodeship

Drzewce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipce Reymontowskie, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Lipce Reymontowskie, south-west of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002649" title="Lipce Reymontowskie">
Lipce Reymontowskie

Lipce Reymontowskie is a village in Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lipce Reymontowskie. It lies approximately south-west of Skierniewice and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 1,200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002652" title="Mszadla, Łódź Voivodeship">
Mszadla, Łódź Voivodeship

Mszadla is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipce Reymontowskie, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Lipce Reymontowskie, west of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
Massacre during Second World War.
During the German Invasion of Poland in 1939, German forces on 10 September murdered 153 Poles in the village. The victims were local farmers, refugees, four children as young as three years old.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002654" title="Retniowiec">
Retniowiec

Retniowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipce Reymontowskie, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Lipce Reymontowskie, west of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002655" title="Fort Darland">
Fort Darland

Fort Darland was a Post Medieval Infantry Fort built from 1870 to 1900 as part of the defensive network for Chatham Dockyard. It was demolished in the 1960s and the site used for housing. Some earthworks and encasement remain and are visible on aerial photographs.
During the Second World War Fort Darland was a British Army detention centre. The camp was one of twelve military detention centres in England, Scotland, and the Orkney and Shetland Islands. First and second-time offenders were sent to seven of the twelve prisons. Fort Darland drew Parliamentary attention after Rifleman William Clarence Clayton perished while incarcerated; two British Army Warrant Officers were criminally charged after an investigation into Clayton's death.
In addition to British Army personnel being incarcerated, members of the Canadian Army were also sentenced to Fort Darland upon conviction of first-time offences, usually sent up by their Commanding officers. 
Prior to Fort Darland becoming a detention centre it was a "Army Technical school" for (boys) built in 1938 and opened for its first intake in March 1939 it served as a school for both Royal Engineer and Royal Artillery enlisted boys. In 1940 during the Dunkirk evacuation the school became a transit camp for men returning from France the boys having been sent home and subsequently to other Army schools.
After the war the fort's tunnels were used as a mushroom farm.

</doc>
<doc id="19002657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002657" title="Siciska">
Siciska

Siciska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipce Reymontowskie, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Lipce Reymontowskie, west of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002659" title="Wola Drzewiecka">
Wola Drzewiecka

Wola Drzewiecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipce Reymontowskie, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Lipce Reymontowskie, west of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002660" title="Wólka Krosnowska">
Wólka Krosnowska

Wólka Krosnowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipce Reymontowskie, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipce Reymontowskie, south-west of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002661" title="Wólka Podlesie">
Wólka Podlesie

Wólka Podlesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipce Reymontowskie, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lipce Reymontowskie, south-west of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002668" title="Dąbrowice, Gmina Maków">
Dąbrowice, Gmina Maków

Dąbrowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Maków, south-west of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002671" title="Jacochów">
Jacochów

Jacochów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Maków, west of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002673" title="Krężce">
Krężce

Krężce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Maków, south-west of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002675" title="Kongō Jōdaranikyō">
Kongō Jōdaranikyō


</doc>
<doc id="19002676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002676" title="Maków, Łódź Voivodeship">
Maków, Łódź Voivodeship

Maków is a village in Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Maków. It lies approximately west of Skierniewice and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 1,600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002678" title="Maków-Kolonia">
Maków-Kolonia

Maków-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Maków, west of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
Curiosities.
In 2009 a resident of the village had 12.3 per mille of alcohol in blood.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002682" title="Pszczonów">
Pszczonów

Pszczonów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Maków, west of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002684" title="WLOL">
WLOL

WLOL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19002686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002686" title="Sielce Lewe">
Sielce Lewe

Sielce Lewe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Maków, north-west of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002688" title="Sielce Prawe">
Sielce Prawe

Sielce Prawe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Maków, north-west of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002694" title="Słomków, Łódź Voivodeship">
Słomków, Łódź Voivodeship

Słomków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Maków, west of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 660.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002696" title="Święte Laski">
Święte Laski

Święte Laski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Maków, west of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002697" title="Święte Nowaki">
Święte Nowaki

Święte Nowaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Maków, west of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 450.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002699" title="Wola Makowska">
Wola Makowska

Wola Makowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Maków, north-west of Skierniewice, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002710" title="Wykked Wytch">
Wykked Wytch

Wykked Wytch is a black metal band signed to Perish Music Group from Miami, Florida, USA.
Biography.
The band's first album (on their own label Cauldron Records) was released in September 1996. The album, "Something Wykked This Way Comes", received critical acclaim throughout the US and the rest of the world. After its initial pressing, Demolition Records, a UK-based metal label picked up the album for European distribution and re-issued the album with an extra two tracks. 
In the fall of 1999, Ipek revamped Wykked Wytch with a new line-up and started to write material for the band’s second album, "Angelic Vengeance". The album was recorded at Damage Studios in Ventimiglia, Italy with John Rae (of the UK band Pain Control) sessioning on drums. The album was produced by Kit Woolven (Cradle of Filth, Anathema) and mastered by Jim Morris (Cannibal Corpse, Death) at Morrisound Studios in Tampa, Florida. 
"Angelic Vengeance" was released in the fall of 2001 and Wykked Wytch took their show on the road to support the album in Europe. The band landed the coveted support spot on the "Hell Comes To Your Town 2" European Tour with thrash legends Kreator, Sodom and Destruction. 
After returning home from a successful European tour in 2002, Ipek and guitarist Gio Geraca began collaborating on material for the third album "Nefret". In late 2002, Wykked Wytch cut demos at Audiohammer Studios in Orlando, Florida with engineer Jason Suceof (Trivium, Devildriver) and session drums performed by Richard Christy (Death, Iced Earth, The Howard Stern Show). 
By early 2003, the writing for the third album was completed and the band went into the studio to begin recording. The album was recorded at Studio 13 in Deerfield Beach, Florida and was produced by Jeremy Staska (Marilyn Manson, Poison the Well) and the band. The album cover art for "Nefret" was once again handled by Chad Michael Ward (Soilwork, Darkane), who also designed the cover for Wykked Wytch’s previous album. Soon after the completion of the album Wykked Wytch shot a video for the track "The Soul Awaits".
After several delays the album was finally released in the Fall of 2004 through Demolition Records/Dreamcatcher Records. Wykked Wytch spent the first half of 2005 on the road in Europe as part of an extensive touring campaign. The three-month trek had Wykked Wytch first teaming up with Carpathian Forest, Tsjuder and E-Force for six weeks. The band then continued their touring of Europe by joining the No Mercy Fests with Six Feet Under, Nile, Dark Funeral, Disbelief, Dying Fetus and Cataract. 
On returning home from Europe, Wykked Wytch started to write material for their fourth album. In August 2005, the band entered Red Room Recorders in Tampa with engineer Mark Prator (Deicide, Obituary) to record demos. The band finished 2005 by supporting Deicide on a month long tour of Europe and were joined by drummer John Rae who had performed drums on Wykked Wytch's second album "Angelic Vengeance".
At the beginning of 2006, Wykked Wytch signed with UK based label SixSixSix Records, owned by Cradle of Filth bassist Dave Pybus. This would be a short lived union and the band soon part ways with the label. They would go on to self-finance their fourth album "Memories of a Dying Whore" and begin recording at Redroom Recorders in Tampa with Mark Prator engineering. Before the completion of the album Wykked Wytch would join Hanzel and Gretyl and Bella Morte for a short US tour "Oktotenfest" in the Fall of 2006. 
In 2007 Wykked Wytch completed the album. The album was mixed by Eric Rachel at Trax East Studios in New Jersey and mastered by Alan Douches at West West Side Studios in New York. After several delays "Memories of a Dying Whore" was released in December through Perish Music Group.
In 2008 the band released two cover songs and videos; the songs were "Sweet Dreams" from Eurythmics and "Bring Me to Life" from Evanescence.
Members.
Current line-up
Former Members
Discography.
Demos
Albums
Videos
Promo Videos

</doc>
<doc id="19002730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002730" title="Adamów, Skierniewice County">
Adamów, Skierniewice County

Adamów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002733" title="Budy Trzcińskie">
Budy Trzcińskie

Budy Trzcińskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002735" title="Doleck">
Doleck

Doleck is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002737" title="Dukaczew">
Dukaczew

Dukaczew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002738" title="Dzwonkowice">
Dzwonkowice

Dzwonkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002741" title="Esterka, Łódź Voivodeship">
Esterka, Łódź Voivodeship

Esterka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002744" title="Franciszkany">
Franciszkany

Franciszkany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002747" title="St. Cecilia's Church and Convent (New York City)">
St. Cecilia's Church and Convent (New York City)

St. Cecilia Church is a Roman Catholic Parish Church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York and a historic landmark located at 120 East 106th Street between Park Avenue and Lexington Avenue, Manhattan, New York City in the U.S. state of New York. The parish was established in 1873. It was staffed by the Redemptorist Fathers from 1939-2007. The church was designated a New York City landmark in 1976. The church and convent were listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Buildings.
The parish was established in 1883. The church was built 1883 to designs by Napoleon LeBrun & Sons. The "AIA Guide to New York City" (2010) describes the church as an "ornate brick and terra-cotta facade is one of East Harlem's special treasures. Neo-Italian Romanesque, it has an exuberance that evaded most of Northern Europe." The church was built 1883-1887 to the designs of Napoleon LeBrun & Sons, the Regina Angelorum (unified facade) was built 1907 to the designs of Neville & Bagge In 1927, the church built a four-storey brick dwelling house at 123-25 East 105th Street to designs by Thomas J. Duff of 348 West 14th Street for $60,000.
It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Location question.
Although the Register's database claims that its address is 112-120 East 106th St., it is actually located along the south side of 106th Street between Lexington and Park Aves. The "AIA Guide to New York City" (2010) gives the address as 122-120 East 106th Street, between Park and Lexington Avenues. The "Guide to NYC Landmarks" (2007) claims the address as 112-120 East 106th Street. Directories from the late nineteenth century gave the address as East 106th Street, near Lexington Avenue.
External links.
http://www.saintceciliaparishnyc.org

</doc>
<doc id="19002748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002748" title="Helenków">
Helenków

Helenków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002751" title="Kaczorów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kaczorów, Łódź Voivodeship

Kaczorów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Skierniewice and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002752" title="Kawęczyn B">
Kawęczyn B

Kawęczyn B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002757" title="Kazimierzów, Skierniewice County">
Kazimierzów, Skierniewice County

Kazimierzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Nowy Kawęczyn, south of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002758" title="Kolonia Starorawska">
Kolonia Starorawska

Kolonia Starorawska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Skierniewice and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002761" title="Kwasowiec">
Kwasowiec

Kwasowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź. The village has a population of approximately 60 people.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002766" title="Marianka, Skierniewice County">
Marianka, Skierniewice County

Marianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002768" title="Marianów, Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn">
Marianów, Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn

Marianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002770" title="Nowa Trzcianna">
Nowa Trzcianna

Nowa Trzcianna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002771" title="Nowy Dwór, Łódź Voivodeship">
Nowy Dwór, Łódź Voivodeship

Nowy Dwór is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002772" title="Nowy Dwór-Parcela">
Nowy Dwór-Parcela

Nowy Dwór-Parcela is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002775" title="Nowy Rzędków">
Nowy Rzędków

Nowy Rzędków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002777" title="Podfranciszkany">
Podfranciszkany

Podfranciszkany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002778" title="Podstrobów">
Podstrobów

Podstrobów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002779" title="Podtrzcianna">
Podtrzcianna

Podtrzcianna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002780" title="Prandotów">
Prandotów

Prandotów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002784" title="Psary, Skierniewice County">
Psary, Skierniewice County

Psary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002785" title="Resurrected (album)">
Resurrected (album)

Resurrected is the third full length album by doom metal band Witchfinder General. It was released on 30 August 2008, and on 2 September 2008 in the UK. 

</doc>
<doc id="19002787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002787" title="Rawiczów">
Rawiczów

Rawiczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Nowy Kawęczyn, south-east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002790" title="Rzędków, Skierniewice County">
Rzędków, Skierniewice County

Rzędków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Nowy Kawęczyn, south of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19002792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19002792" title="Sewerynów, Skierniewice County">
Sewerynów, Skierniewice County

Sewerynów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Nowy Kawęczyn, east of Skierniewice, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
