<doc id="18952345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952345" title="Neiman Marcus">
Neiman Marcus

Neiman Marcus, originally Neiman-Marcus, is an American luxury specialty department store owned by the Neiman Marcus Group, headquartered in Dallas, Texas. The company also owns the Bergdorf Goodman department stores, and operates a direct marketing division, Neiman Marcus Direct, which operates catalogue and online operations under the Horchow, Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman names. In the US, Neiman Marcus competes with luxury retailers Saks Fifth Avenue, Barneys New York, Lord & Taylor, Nordstrom, and Bloomingdale's. Neiman Marcus is currently owned by CPP Investment Board and Ares Management.
History.
Early history.
Herbert Marcus, Sr., a former buyer with Dallas' Sanger Brothers department store, had left his previous job to found a new business with his sister Carrie Marcus Neiman and her husband, A.L. Neiman, then employees of Sanger Brothers competitor A. Harris and Co.. In 1907 the trio found themselves with $25,000 from the successful sales-promotion firm they had built in Atlanta, Georgia, and two potential investments into which to invest the funds. Rather than take a chance on an unknown "sugary soda pop business", the three entrepreneurs rejected the fledgling Coca-Cola company and chose instead to return to Dallas to found a retail business. For this reason, early company CEO Peb Atera was quoted in 1957 as saying in jest that Neiman Marcus was "founded on bad business judgment". The store, established on September 10, 1907, was lavishly furnished and stocked with clothing of a quality not commonly found in Texas. Within a few weeks, the store's initial inventory, mostly acquired on a buying trip to New York made by Carrie, was completely sold out. Oil-rich Texans, welcoming the opportunity to flaunt their wealth in more sophisticated fashion than was previously possible, flocked to the new store. In spite of a nationwide financial panic set off only a few weeks after its opening, Neiman Marcus was instantly successful, and its first several years of operation were quite profitable.
In 1914 a fire destroyed the Neiman Marcus store and all of its merchandise. A temporary store was set up and opened in 17 days. By the end of 1914, Neiman Marcus opened in its new, permanent location at the corner of Main Street and Ervay Street. With the opening of the flagship Neiman Marcus Building, the store increased its product selection to include accessories, lingerie, and children's clothing, as well as expanding the women's apparel department. In its first year at the new building, Neiman Marcus recorded a profit of $40,000 on sales of $700,000, nearly twice the totals reached in its last year at the original location.
In 1927 the store expanded and Neiman Marcus premiered the first weekly retail fashion show in the United States. The store staged a show called "One Hundred Years of Texas Fashions" in 1936 in honor of the centennial of Texas' independence from Mexico. A later profile of the store, "Neiman Marcus of Texas", described the "grandiose and elaborate" gala, noting, "It was on this occasion that one of the most critical among the store's guests, Mrs. Edna Woolman Chase, editor of "Vogue", expressing the sentiment of the store's starry-eyed clientele, told the local press:
In 1929 the store began offering menswear. During the 1930s and 1940s Neiman Marcus began to include less expensive clothing lines along with its high-end items, in response to the Great Depression and following war years. Between 1942 and 1944, sales at Neiman Marcus grew from $6 million to $11 million. Despite a major fire in 1946, the store continued to profit.
Herbert Marcus, Sr., died in 1950, and Carrie Neiman died two years later, leaving Stanley Marcus in charge of the company's operations.
1950s–90s.
The 1950s saw the addition of a $1.6 million store on Preston Road, a plant with decor "inspired by the art and culture of Southwestern Indians" and "colors ... copied from Indian weaving, pottery, and sand paintings"; the themed decor included Kachina figures on colored-glass murals and an Alexander Calder mobile named "Mariposa," the Spanish word for butterfly. Art likewise was used as inspiration for Stanley Marcus' seasonal campaigns to solicit new colors in fabrics, as he did the year that he borrowed 20 Paul Gauguin paintings — many of which had never been publicly exhibited — from collectors around the world and had the vivid colors translated into dyes for wool, silk, and leather. Area teachers cited the Gauguin exhibits as spurring a dramatic increase in art study.
In the 1950s and 1960s Gittings operated a portrait studio in Neiman Marcus. Clients included Hope Portocarrero, Lyndon Johnson, Howard Hughes, and the Shah of Iran, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and his family.
The company continued its extravagant marketing efforts (including the launch of His and Her gifts in the famous Christmas Book) with the inauguration of Fortnight in 1957. The Fortnight was an annual presentation of fashions and culture from a particular country, held in late October and early November of each year, and was one of the most anticipated events in Dallas. It brought fashion, dignitaries, celebrities, exotic food and extravagant celebrations to the downtown store for 29 years.
Neiman Marcus opened its first store outside the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex in downtown Houston in 1957. The freestanding store was later replaced with a new anchor store located in the Houston Galleria in 1970. In 1965 the Preston Center store was closed and a new store, more than twice as big, was opened at NorthPark Center. Another branch in Fort Worth was also opened. By 1967 the four Neiman Marcus stores in operation were generating annual sales of $58.5 million, and the company's profit for that year was in excess of $2 million. In 1968 the company merged with Broadway-Hale Stores, Inc., which enabled Neiman Marcus to expand at a much faster pace than would have been possible as an independent entity. In 1971, the first Neiman Marcus outside Texas opened in Bal Harbour, Florida. In subsequent years stores opened in over 30 cities across the United States, including Atlanta, Beverly Hills, Boston, Chicago, Las Vegas, Minneapolis, San Francisco and St. Louis. Neiman Marcus also had a letter of intent to open a 120,000 square foot store in downtown Cleveland in 1992 as part of an anchor for the upscale Tower City Center. However, the project did not come to fruition, instead opening its concept store in the 1990's. In 1988 the company's name was officially changed from Neiman-Marcus to Neiman Marcus and the current logo was adopted.
In the late 1990s, the company started a small boutique called the "Galleries of Neiman Marcus" which sold jewelry, gifts, and home accessories. The concept struggled and ultimately all three locations, Seattle, Cleveland, and Phoenix, were shuttered. Some believe the locations were wrong and Neiman Marcus officials have hinted the concept might be resurrected. In 1999, neimanmarcus.com, and the store's online gift registry, debuted under the control of Neiman Marcus Group's Neiman Marcus Direct division.
2000s–present.
Stanley Marcus died on January 22, 2002. He had served as president and chairman of the board for the company. Marcus had been the architect behind the fashion shows, New York advertising for a strictly regional chain, in-store art exhibits, and the Christmas catalog with its outlandish His-and-Hers gifts, including vicuña coats, a pair of airplanes, "Noah's Ark" (including pairs of animals), camels, and live tigers.
Over the last 20 years, ownership of Neiman Marcus has passed through several hands. In June 1987, the company was spun off from its retail parent, Carter Hawley Hale Stores, and became a publicly listed company. General Cinema, later to become Harcourt General, still had a roughly 60% controlling interest until 1999, when Neiman Marcus was fully spun off from its parent company. On May 2, 2005, Neiman Marcus Group was the subject of a leveraged buyout (LBO), selling itself to two private equity firms, Texas Pacific Group and Warburg Pincus.
The "Neiman-Marcus Collection," comprising early account books, advertising and Christmas Catalog layouts, files on charity activities, past awards and presentations, and a collection of Stanley Marcus's personal memorabilia, among many other items, is located in the Texas & Dallas History & Archives Division, 7th Floor, Main Library, Dallas Public Library, where it may be consulted by researchers.
Lloyd E. Lenard (1922–2008) wrote a master's degree thesis on the impact of Neiman Marcus on the American Southwest while he was a student at the University of Missouri at Columbia. Neiman Marcus hired Lenard to its management training program, but he soon returned to his native Louisiana, where he worked, first in advertising, and then insurance.
In August 2013, Women's Wear Daily reported that the Neiman Marcus Group was prepearing for an initial public offering of its stock. In October 2013, the Neiman Marcus Group was sold for $6 billion to Ares Management and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board.
Neiman Marcus made headlines in November 2013 after the firm discovered a 25-carat rough diamond off Namibia’s coast, which was valued with a reserve price tag of $1.85 million. The diamond was referred to as the “Nam Diamond”.
Corporate affairs.
Unlike many of its department-store contemporaries, Neiman Marcus is still in operation today under the original name and is still headquartered in the city where it began. The Neiman Marcus Group comprises the Specialty Retail stores division — which includes Neiman Marcus Stores and Bergdorf Goodman — Cusp (a contemporary boutique format) and the Direct Marketing division, Neiman Marcus Direct. These retailers offer upscale assortments of apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty and decorative home products. The company operates 41 Neiman Marcus stores across the United States and two Bergdorf Goodman stores, in Manhattan. Neiman Marcus' largest market is the South Florida MSA, where they operate five stores. The company also operates 28 Last Call clearance centers and two Horchow Finale Furniture Outlets. These store operations total more than five million square feet (500,000 m²) gross. Competitors in the luxury retail segment include Bloomingdale's, Lord & Taylor, Saks Fifth Avenue, Barneys New York, Nordstrom,and Von Maur.
Neiman Marcus Direct conducts both print catalog and online operations under the Neiman Marcus, Horchow and Bergdorf Goodman brand names. Under the Neiman Marcus brand, Neiman Marcus Direct primarily offers women's apparel, accessories and home furnishings. Horchow offers upscale home furnishings, linens, decorative accessories and tabletop items. They have also launched a new blog [(www.insite.neimanmarcus.com)] outlining the latest news in the fashion world and beyond.
Until recently, The Neiman Marcus Group owned majority interest in Kate Spade LLC, a manufacturer of handbags and accessories. In October 2006, the company purchased all minority interest for approximately $59.4 million, and in November 2006 sold 100% ownership to Liz Claiborne, Inc. for approximately $121.5 million. Another recent divestiture was a majority interest in Gurwitch Products LLC, which manufactures Laura Mercier cosmetics, to Alticor Inc., for approximately $40.8 million.
Brands.
There are 41 Neiman Marcus stores in Arizona, California, Colorado, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Texas, Washington, and Virginia. The newest opened in Walnut Creek, California, in March 2012. The Minneapolis store was closed in 2013.
In the fall of 2004, Neiman Marcus launched a new store within a store called The Showroom of Neiman Marcus. This department sells furniture and home collections previously only available through the Neiman Marcus catalogues The Horchow Collection and NM by Mail. The seven Neiman Marcus stores that house the collection are located in Plano-Dallas MSA (Willow Bend), San Francisco (Union Square), Scottsdale (Fashion Square), Boston (Back Bay), Chicago (Michigan Avenue), Oak Brook (Oakbrook Center), Miami (Bal Harbour Shops).
Horchow, a furniture brand owned by Neiman Marcus, is sold in a limited number of Neiman Marcus locations. There are also Horchow Finale Stores, with two locations. Though Horchow items are also found in Neiman Marcus Last Call stores, the Horchow Finale stores focus on furniture & home items. The two remaining Horchow Finale Stores are in the Dallas, Texas area. The original Horchow Finale location closed in 2009 to make way for the George W. Bush Presidential Library. The Inwood Village location of Horchow Finale became a showcase Neiman Marcus Last Call in March 2010. The two Horchow Finale stores are both located in the Dallas – Fort Worth Metroplex - Grapevine, Texas and Plano, Texas.
Neiman Marcus Last Call Clearance Center is Neiman Marcus's outlet store. They are located throughout the United States at a number of outlet centers, with many found in outlet centers operated by The Mills Corporation and Chelsea Premium Outlets. They range from 20,000 - of selling space and sell women's, men's and children's apparel, shoes, jewelry, handbags, furniture, luggage, gifts and home accessories that were previously sold in Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman stores, on NeimanMarcus.com, and in the Horchow catalog at discounts of 30% to 65% off original Neiman Marcus and catalog prices.
Neiman Marcus credit card holders receive an additional 5% discount off their entire purchase at Last Call Clearance Centers when they use their Neiman Marcus credit card (other credit cards including American Express, MasterCard, and Visa are also accepted). The 36 Last Call stores are in Arizona (1), California (7), Colorado (1), Florida (4), Georgia (1), Illinois (1), Maryland (2), Michigan (1), Nevada (1), New Jersey (2), New York (2), Pennsylvania (2), Texas (9) and Virginia (2).
Neiman Marcus has expanded is contemporary department, "Cusp," by placing the "shop-in-shops" in all of its current stores. In addition, there are six brick-and-mortar Cusp locations throughout the U.S., including California (1), District of Columbia (1), Illinois (2), Massachusetts (1) and Virginia (1). Cusp also has a large e-commerce component.
Bergdorf Goodman operates technically from two stores, the main store and a men's store, located directly across from each other on Fifth Avenue in New York. The main store has eight floors of clothing, goods and homewear.
Credit cards.
Neiman Marcus sold its store credit card business to HSBC in mid-2005; however, Neiman Marcus sued HSBC over fees and interest rates in March 2008. The lawsuit was settled in May 2008. Fifty percent of Neiman's transactions are conducted using their private-label cards because Neiman Marcus only accepted its proprietary store credit cards and American Express until late 2011. Neiman Marcus now accepts Visa, American Express cards, cash or check in their stores.
According to the April 26, 2007, issue of The Wall Street Journal, Neiman Marcus is testing a co-branded credit card issued by HSBC with some of their top customers. The card, which runs on the American Express network, was expected to have been issued in 2008. The settled lawsuit between Neiman Marcus and HSBC may have delayed the new co-branded card's full launch.
On October 27, 2011, the company announced that it would begin accepting MasterCard and Visa credit cards at its stores beginning November 1, 2011.
In January 2014, Neiman Marcus customers were victums of a credit card security breach.
The Christmas catalog.
"His and Hers" & "Fantasy" gifts.
Since 1939, Neiman Marcus has issued an annual Christmas catalog, which gets much free publicity from the national media for a tradition of unusual and extravagant gifts not sold in its stores. Some have included the "his and hers" themed items, trips and cars (see below).
In 1952, Stanley Marcus introduced a new tradition of having extravagant and unusual gifts in each year's Christmas catalog, "The Christmas Book"; the idea was sparked when journalist Edward R. Murrow contacted Marcus to ask if the store would be offering anything unusual that might interest his radio listeners; Marcus invented on the spot an offering of a live Black Angus bull accompanied by a sterling silver barbecue cart, subsequently altering the catalog to include his new idea, priced at $1,925. At one point, the Neiman Marcus Christmas catalog carried the distinction of being the item most stolen from recipients' mailboxes, prompting a Chicago postmaster to suggest the company switch to enclosing the catalogs in plain brown wrappers.
Other Fantasy Gifts:
pre-1965
1963
1964
1965
1969
1970
pre-1972
1972
1974
1975
1978
1979
1981
1985
1986
1990
1996
1998
1999
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
The Christmas Book is available at stores for $15. However, the $15 will be credited back to customers with their first purchase from the catalog.
Other Christmas gifts.
In 1961, Neiman-Marcus in Dallas was one of two stores in the nation — the other being Wanamaker's in Philadelphia — to offer computer-based assistance in selecting Christmas gifts. The process worked by comparing information on the recipient to a computerized
list of the 2,200 items available at Neiman-Marcus, then providing a printout of the 10 best suggestions. One person testing the computer filled out the questionnaire as if he were President John F. Kennedy shopping for gifts in excess of $1,000 for his wife; the computer suggested a yacht.
During the Apollo 8 mission in December 1968, Marilyn Lovell, wife of astronaut Jim Lovell, who was the Command Module Pilot, received, as a Christmas present, a mink coat that was delivered to her by a Neiman Marcus driver in a Rolls-Royce car. The coat was wrapped in royal blue wrapping paper with two Styrofoam balls — one for the Earth and the other for the Moon — and had a card that read, "To Marilyn, from the Man in the Moon."
In 2012, Neiman Marcus partnered up with Target Corporation to create a holiday collection featuring 24 designers from the Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA). The 50-piece collection featured apparel, accessories and even some gifts for dogs.
Vehicles.
Neiman Marcus has often offered automobiles in its holiday catalogs. These are usually coordinated with manufacturers as a publicity tool, though the cars themselves are normally special versions unavailable from other sources and produced in limited numbers.
The "Neiman Marcus $250 Cookie Recipe" story.
The store is featured in an urban legend involving a supposed recipe for its popular chocolate chip cookie. In the legend, a woman and her daughter enjoy a cookie while shopping at Neiman Marcus in Dallas, Texas, and ask for the recipe. The waiter informs her there will be a "two-fifty" charge, which the woman interprets as $2.50. Upon receiving her VISA statement, she is shocked to discover she has been charged $250.00 instead. In revenge, she photocopies the recipe and urges her friends to distribute it for free to everyone they know so that the store will make no further profit on its sale. Because the story typically was passed along as a photocopy, it falls in the legend subcategory of Xeroxlore. Later, with the advent of the Internet, it reemerged as an infamous chain e-mail, "Cookie revenge".
Folklorists have pointed out three chief holes in the story:
Although the story is untrue, Neiman Marcus published a cookie recipe to quell rumors. 
Kevin Garvin wrote the recipe in 1995. It is featured on the company's website for free. It also is in the Neiman Marcus Cookbook.
Controversy.
In 2013, Neiman Marcus settled a federal claim for falsely claiming that some of their products contained fake fur when tests by the Humane Society of the United States showed it was actually real fur from raccoon dogs. Neiman Marcus did not admit guilt, but promised to adhere to federal fur labeling laws for the next twenty years.
Store locations.
Chicago and Dallas both feature more than one store location within each city.

</doc>
<doc id="18952347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952347" title="St. Andrew's Anglican Church, Moscow">
St. Andrew's Anglican Church, Moscow

St Andrew’s Anglican Church in Moscow is the sole Anglican church in Moscow, and one of only three in Russia. It continues the tradition of Anglican worship in Moscow that started in 1553 when Tsar Ivan the Terrible first allowed the English merchants of the Russia Company permission to worship according to their own beliefs. The Russia Company, now operating mainly for charitable purposes, continues to financially support the Anglican Church in Moscow through the congregation of St Andrew's.
The current church building dates from 1883 and the parsonage from 1894. During the October Revolution in 1917 the church tower was used as a machine gun post by the Bolsheviks. The church was confiscated in 1920 and the chaplain expelled from Russia. During Soviet rule the church and parsonage were used as a hostel for girls and to house diplomats from Finland and Estonia. Starting in 1964 the state record company Melodiya used the church as a recording studio. Services returned on July 15, 1991, and during the visit of Queen Elizabeth II on October 19, 1994, the Russian government agreed to return the building to religious use. Melodiya vacated the premises in 2001.
Early history.
Some early records are available through the Russia Company archives in London’s Guildhall, and from records sent to the Bishop of London. 
The first Anglican worship in Moscow may have been held in the Old English Yard, now on Varvarka Street, the center of the Russia Company in Moscow. The first English church building in Russia was probably built in Arkhangelsk in the 17th century, with its chaplain serving both Arkhangelsk and Moscow from 1705. In 1754, with most foreigners in Russia residing in the new capital, St. Petersburg, the Moscow congregation was served by the chaplain from St. Petersburg. Services were probably held in the Reformed Church in Moscow’s German Quarter.
Sometime after the city burnt in 1812, services were held on Tverskaya Street in the palace of Princess Anne Aleksandrovna Golitsina. From 1817 to 1818 services were held in the home of the British Ambassador, Earl Cathcart. British, German, and French Protestants all attended the services about this time. In 1825, the Russia Company established an independent chaplaincy in Moscow, and Tsar Alexander I, in one of his last official acts, approved the establishment of a church on September 7. A chapel was opened, or perhaps re-opened, on Tverskaya Street in November 1825 with 100 of 400 British residents attending. The Russia Company provided 200 pounds to renovate the building, which sat 200 people, with an additional 100 pounds promised annually. The annual expenses were estimated at 4750 rubles. The Rev. Charles Barton (or Burlton) was appointed by the Russia Company as chaplain in 1825 and the British Chapel was built in 1828 on the current site of St. Andrew’s, at 8 Voznesensky (Ascension) Lane.
By the 1880s the congregation had grown and a building larger than the chapel was needed. The Russia Company gave 25,000 rubles and the congregation raised 188,616 rubles to build the church. It was designed by Richard Knill Freeman, of Bolton, in the Victorian Neo-Gothic style.
At the time, the congregation was evenly divided between supporters of the Church of England and Scottish dissenters who supported the Presbyterian Church of Scotland. As a compromise, the church was named after St. Andrew, the patron saint of Scotland, and the English Book of Common Prayer was to be used. To further establish St. Andrew’s as a British church, symbols of Scotland (the thistle), England (the rose), Ireland (shamrock), and Wales (the leek) are incorporated into the church architecture.
Jonathan Holt Titcomb, the Bishop of London's coadjutor for North and Central Europe, consecrated the church on January 13, 1885.
Jane McGill paid for the building of the parsonage in 1894. 
In 1904 she founded St. Andrew’s House for indigent governesses and other ladies, on nearby Tverskaya Street. 
Confiscation and renewal.
During the October Revolution, Bolsheviks mounted a machine gun post in the church tower to stop troops of the Provisional Government from advancing toward the Kremlin. The Bolsheviks were dislodged on October 29, 1917.
According to Herbert North, son of the chaplain “we spent nearly a week in the basement with no light and little food. On emerging from the house at the end of the fighting we found many spent cartridges in the courtyard and two large pools of blood.” . 
The church was confiscated in 1920 and the Chaplain, the Rev. Frank North, was expelled from Russia to Helsinki. He served in Helsinki, officially as the Chaplain to Helsinki and Moscow. During the following 71 years, the Helsinki chaplain would occasionally give services at the British Embassy in Moscow. 
The church and parsonage were used by the Soviets as a hostel for girls and to house diplomats from Finland and Estonia. In 1964 Melodiya took over the church as a recording studio. 
Dmitry Shostakovich and Mstislav Rostropovich both recorded at Melodiya’s St. Andrew's studio.
Following perestroika, on July 15, 1991, the Helsinki Chaplain, the Rev. Tyler Strand, celebrated the first Eucharist at St. Andrew’s since 1920. Regular services began soon after. The Rev. Canon Chad Coussmaker was appointed permanent Chaplain in 1993. The Rev. Dr Canon Simon Stephens has served as Chaplain since 1999.
Queen Elizabeth II visited the church on October 19, 1994, and agreed with Russian President Boris Yeltsin that the church would be returned. Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin signed the order to return of the property religious use, though in Russia, all religious property is officially state owned, with the congregation only having the right to use the property. Chernomyrdin's order was not immediately effective, with the property re-registered to the state only in January 2008 and Melodiya occupying parts of the property until about 2001.
Every one is welcome to attend St. Andrew's, and the congregation includes people from Great Britain, the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, India, Uganda, Zimbabwe, Nigeria, Southern Sudan, Kenya and other countries with an Anglican heritage. Attendance is about 150 each Sunday and about 200 at Christmas and Easter. 

</doc>
<doc id="18952354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952354" title="Joshua Aaron Weinstein">
Joshua Aaron Weinstein

Joshua Aaron Weinstein (born October 28, 1976) is a writer, filmmaker and musician.
He was born in Rockville, Maryland, to Rhonda and Kenneth Weinstein.
Weinstein attended Wootton High School and received his Bachelor's degree from Bradley University in Peoria, Illinois. He completed is Master's degree in playwriting at the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, Arkansas.
His film production company, WCProductions, established in 2005, has short over a dozen short films, music video and promos, along with an original comedy series, "It's Madeline Long". Weinstein is also the Executive Director and Resident Playwright for LiveWire Chicago Theatre.
During LiveWire's 2008-09 season, Weinstein directed the Chicago Premiere of Eric Bogosian's "Red Angel" directed by Glenn Proud as part of their 2007-08 season; during the 2006-07 season, he directed his own work, "A/other Lover" for LiveWire as well as a one-act titled "The Bout" at the Abbie Hoffman Festival; LiveWire produced his adaptation of August Strindberg's "Miss Julie" titled "Night of Innocent Ganmes" in 2006. LiveWire will present the World Premiere of Weinstein's original full-length drama, "Lower Debt" as part of their 2009-10 season.
Weinstein has played in various bands, included the travelling folk trio "Patchouli", indie-rock band "the pass out game" from Fayetteville and "The Bonedaddies" a blues-rock band from Peoria. Weinstein recorded the album "Visions" with "Patchouli" in 2000 at Mr. Small's Funhouse in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18952357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952357" title="Saguaro National Park">
Saguaro National Park

Saguaro National Park, located in southern Arizona, is part of the United States National Park System.
Overview.
The park is divided into two sections, called districts, lying approximately east and west of the center of the city of Tucson, Arizona. The total area in 2011 was of which is designated wilderness. There is a visitor center in each of the two districts. Both are easily reached by car from Tucson, but there is no public transport into the park. Both districts conserve fine tracts of the Sonoran Desert, including ranges of significant hills, the Tucson Mountains in the west and the Rincon Mountains in the east. The park gets its name from the saguaro, a large cactus which is native to the region. Many other kinds of cactus, including barrel, cholla, and prickly pear, are abundant in the park. One endangered animal, the Lesser Long-nosed Bat, lives in the park part of the year during its migration, together with one threatened species, the Mexican Spotted Owl. 
Saguaro National Monument was created on March 1, 1933 by President Herbert Hoover. On October 14, 1994, Congress elevated Saguaro to National Park status.
Facilities in the park include of well marked and maintained hiking trails, and shorter walking trails with interpretative information available. Backcountry hiking is not advisable during the hot summer months.
Rincon Mountain District.
The Rincon Mountain District is located at the eastern edge of Tucson, Arizona and includes the land protected in the original National Monument. Plant communities at the lower elevations in the park are typical of the Sonoran Desert, while the Rincon Mountains support a temperate coniferous forest. The highest peak in this range is Mica Mountain, at an elevation of . While this side of the park has fewer saguaro than its counterpart they are larger in size, due to higher amounts of rainfall and run off from the Rincon Mountains. 
The key feature of this district is its loop road, which provides access to the two picnic areas and the central trails. As of May 2012, Rincon Mountain District Visitor Center is undergoing extensive remodeling; and, the completion of this project is expected to occur at some point in September 2012. 
Hiking on this side of the park is readily accessible to visitors. There are trailheads present at the east end of Speedway and Broadway and these are popular with equestrians, especially on weekends. Off the park's loop road there are several additional trailheads. Each Visitor Center can supply a map of hiking trails in the park.
At the southern boundary of the park is the Hope Camp Trails which are also popular with equestrians. Access to the Hope Camp Trails is found at the end of Camino Loma Alta, however the road is no longer paved for the last couple hundred yards. This section of the park was added in 1991 when Congress authorized the purchase of an additional . 
There are no campgrounds accessible by road in the park but the Rincon Mountain District is open to backcountry camping at designated sites. The site closest to a road is the Douglas Spring Campground which requites a hike. A wilderness permit is required for all overnight stays. The fee for this permit is $6.00 per campsite, per night. While there are no overnight accommodations for recreational vehicles in the park, but facilities are available at Colossal Cave Mountain Park which is ten miles (16 km) south of the Rincon District Visitor Center on Old Spanish Trail. 

</doc>
<doc id="18952359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952359" title="Cautionary tale">
Cautionary tale

A cautionary tale is a tale told in folklore, to warn its hearer of a danger. There are three essential parts to a cautionary tale, though they can be introduced in a large variety of ways. First, a taboo or prohibition is stated: some act, location, or thing is said to be dangerous. Then, the narrative itself is told: someone disregarded the warning and performed the forbidden act. Finally, the violator comes to an unpleasant fate, which is frequently related in expansive and grisly detail. 
Cautionary tales and conformity.
Cautionary tales are ubiquitous in popular culture; many urban legends are framed as cautionary tales: from the lover's lane haunted by a hook-handed murderer to the tale of a man who shot a cactus for fun only to die when the plant toppled onto him. Like horror fiction, generally the cautionary tale exhibits an ambivalent attitude towards social taboos. The narrator of a cautionary tale is momentarily excused from the ordinary demands of etiquette that discourages the use of gruesome or disgusting imagery because the tale serves to reinforce some other social taboo. 
Those whose job it is to enforce conformity therefore frequently resort to cautionary tales. The German language anthology, "Struwwelpeter", contains tales such as "Die gar traurige Geschichte mit dem Feuerzeug" (The Dreadful Story of Pauline and the Matches); it is fairly easy to deduce the ending from the title. Social guidance films such as "Boys Beware" or "Reefer Madness" are deliberately patterned after traditional cautionary tales, as were the notorious driver's education films (Red Asphalt, Signal 30) of the 1960s, or military films about syphilis and other sexually transmitted diseases. The framework of the cautionary tale became a cliché in the slasher films of the 1980s, in which adolescents who had sex, drank alcoholic beverages, or smoked marijuana inevitably ended up as the victims of the serial killer villain. 
On the other hand, in the adolescent culture of the United States, for more than a hundred years the traditional cautionary tale gave rise to the phenomenon of legend tripping, in which a cautionary tale is turned into the basis of a dare that invites the hearer to test the taboo by breaking it.
Reactions to cautionary tales.
The genre of the cautionary tale has been satirized by several writers. Hilaire Belloc in his "Cautionary Tales for Children", presented such moral examples as "Jim, Who ran away from his Nurse, and was eaten by a Lion", and "Matilda, Who told lies, and was Burned to Death". Lewis Carroll, in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, says that Alice
In The Complete Tribune Printer, Eugene Field gave cautionary tales an ironic inversion, as in "The Gun:"
Some films, such as "Gremlins", satirized this framework by imposing very arbitrary rules whose violation results in horrendous consequences for the community. 
Cautionary tales are sometimes heavily criticized for their ham-fisted approach to ethics. "The Cold Equations" is a well-known example. In the story, a man has to eject a young woman out of the airlock, otherwise his rocket will not have enough fuel to deliver some badly needed serum, without which everyone at a small outpost would perish. Her death is justified because she ignored a 'no entry' sign, "when the laws of physics say no, they don't mean maybe", and no other solution would reduce the weight of the ship enough to complete the trip safely.

</doc>
<doc id="18952362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952362" title="Hydrozoning">
Hydrozoning

Hydrozoning is the practice of clustering together plants with similar water requirements in an effort to conserve water. Grouping plants into hydrozones is an approach to irrigation and planting design where plants with similar water needs are grouped together. Through the practice of hydrozoning, it is possible to customize irrigation schedules for each area’s needs, improving efficiency and avoiding overwatering and underwatering certain plants and grasses. As you move farther away from the water source your plantings require less water. For example, drought tolerant plants such as sage or cactus would not be planted in a bluegrass lawn, but would be separated, since bluegrass has a higher water requirement. The principal hydrozone is found in local parks and gathering places such as urban plazas and spaces around well-used public buildings. Mixing plants with different water needs can result in over-watering of water-thrifty plants or under-watering of plants requiring regular moisture.

</doc>
<doc id="18952367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952367" title="Chilean Matorral">
Chilean Matorral

The Chilean Matorral is a terrestrial ecoregion of central Chile, located on the west coast of South America. It is in the Mediterranean forests, woodlands, and scrub biome, part of the Neotropic ecozone.
Matorral is typically characterized by a temperate Mediterranean climate, with rainy winters and dry summers. It is one of the world's five Mediterranean climate regions, which are all located in the middle latitudes on the west coast of continents. The Mediterranean Basin, the California chaparral and woodlands ecoregion of California and Baja California, the Cape Province of South Africa, and southwestern corner of Australia are the other Mediterranean climate regions.
Setting.
The Matorral occupies central Chile between 32º and 37º south latitude. The Pacific Ocean lies to the west, and the Chilean Coastal Range lies parallel to the coast. The Chilean Central Valley lies between the Coastal range and the Andes Mountains, which bound the Matorral ecoregion on the east. To the north is the extremely dry Atacama desert, which separates the Matorral from the tropical forests of northern South America. A semi-desert region known as "El Norte Chico", (the "little north") lies between 28º and 32º south latitude, and is the transition zone between the Atacama desert and the Matorral. To the south lies the cooler and wetter Valdivian temperate rain forests ecoregion, which includes most of South America's temperate rain forests.
Flora and fauna.
The Chilean Matorral ecoregion is home to several plant communities.
The ecoregion has many endemic plant species, with affinities to the South American tropics, the Antarctic flora, and the Andes. About 95% of the plant species are endemic to Chile, including "Gomortega keule", "Pitavia punctata", "Nothofagus alessandrii", and the Chilean Wine Palm, "Jubaea chilensis".
Conservation.
The Matorral contains the majority of Chile's population and largest cities. The Central valley is Chile's main agricultural region, and the region is also subject to extensive grazing, logging, and urbanization. Of Chile's ecoregions, the Matorral is the least protected by national parks and preserves.

</doc>
<doc id="18952375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952375" title="Black-tailed jackrabbit">
Black-tailed jackrabbit

The black-tailed jackrabbit ("Lepus californicus"), also known as the American desert hare, is a common hare of the western United States and Mexico, where it is found at elevations from sea level to up to . Reaching a length of about , and a weight from , the black-tailed jackrabbit is the third largest North American hare, after the antelope jackrabbit and the white-tailed jackrabbit. The black-tailed jackrabbits occupy mixed shrub-grassland terrains. Their breeding depends on the location; it typically peaks in spring, but may continue all year round in warm climates. Young are born fully furred with eyes open; they are well camouflaged and are mobile within minutes of birth, thus females do not protect or even stay with the young except during nursing. The average litter size is around four, but may be as low as two and as high as seven in warm regions.
The black-tailed jackrabbit does not migrate or hibernate during winter and uses the same habitat of 0.4 to 1.2 square miles (1–3 km2) year-round. Its diet is composed of various shrubs, small trees, grasses and forbs. Shrubs generally comprise the bulk of fall and winter diets, while grasses and forbs are used in spring and early summer, but the pattern and plant species vary with climate. Black-tailed jackrabbit is an important prey species for raptors and carnivorous mammals, such as eagles, hawks, owls, coyotes, foxes, and wild cats. The rabbits host many ectoparasites including fleas, ticks, lice, and mites; for this reason, hunters often avoid collecting them.
Description.
Like other jackrabbits, the blacktail has distinctive long ears, and the long, powerful rear legs characteristic of hares. Reaching a length of about , and a weight from , the black-tailed jackrabbit is the third largest North American hare, after the antelope jackrabbit and the white-tailed jackrabbit. The black-tailed jackrabbit's dorsal fur is agouti (dark buff peppered with black), and its undersides and the insides of its legs are creamy white. The ears are black-tipped on the outer surface, and unpigmented inside. The ventral surface of the tail is grey to white, and the black dorsal surface of the tail continues up the spine for a few inches to form a short, black stripe. The females are larger than males, with no other significant differences.
Taxonomy and distribution.
Although seventeen subspecies are recognized, this number may be excessive. Using cluster analysis of anatomical characters, Dixon and others found that black-tailed jackrabbit subspecies separated into two distinct groups that are geographically separated west and east of the Colorado Rocky Mountains and the Colorado River. They suggested only two infrataxa are warranted: the western subspecies "L. c. californicus" and the eastern subspecies "L. c. texianus".
Black-tailed jackrabbit is the most widely distributed jackrabbit ("Lepus" spp.) in North America. Native black-tailed jackrabbit populations occur from central Washington east to Missouri and south to Baja California Sur and Zacatecas. Black-tailed jackrabbit distribution is currently expanding eastward in the Great Plains at the expense of white-tailed jackrabbit. Black-tailed jackrabbit has been successfully introduced in southern Florida and along the coastline in Maryland, New Jersey, and Virginia.
Distribution of subspecies occurring entirely or partially in the United
States is as follows:
Plant communities.
The black-tailed jackrabbit occupies plant communities with a mixture of shrubs, grasses, and forbs. Shrubland-herb mosaics are preferred over pure stands of shrubs or herbs. Black-tailed jackrabbit is common in sagebrush ("Artemisia" spp.), creosotebush ("Larrea tridentata"), and other desert shrublands; palouse, shortgrass, and mixed-grass prairies; desert grassland; open-canopy chaparral; oak ("Quercus" spp.) and pinyon-juniper ("Pinus-Juniperus" spp.) woodlands; and early seral (succeeding each other), low- to mid-elevation coniferous forests. It is also common in and near croplands, especially alfalfa ("Medicago sativa") fields.
Major life events.
Male black-tailed jackrabbit reach sexual maturity at about 7 months of age. Females usually breed in the spring of their second year, although females born in spring or early summer may breed in their first year. Ovulation is induced by copulation. The breeding season is variable depending upon latitude and environmental factors. In the northern part of its range in Idaho, black-tailed jackrabbit breeds from February through May. In Utah, black-tailed jackrabbit breed from January through July, with over 75% of females pregnant by April. The Kansas breeding season extends from January to August. Breeding in warm climates continues nearly year-round. Two peak breeding seasons corresponding to rainfall patterns and growth of young vegetation occur in California, Arizona, and New Mexico. In Arizona, for example, breeding peaks during winter (January–March) rains and again during June monsoons.
The gestation period ranges from 41 to 47 days. More litters are born in warm climates: the number of litters born each year ranges from two per year in Idaho to seven in Arizona. Litter sizes are largest in the northern portions of black-tailed jackrabbit's range and decrease toward the south. Average litter size has been reported at 4.9 in Idaho, 3.8 in Utah, and 2.2 in Arizona.
Female black-tailed jackrabbit do not prepare an elaborate nest. They give birth in shallow excavations called "forms" that are no more than a few centimeters deep. Females may line forms with hair prior to giving birth, but some drop litters in existing depressions on the ground with no further preparation. Young are borne fully furred with eyes open, and are mobile within minutes of birth. Females do not protect or even stay with the young except during nursing. Ages of weaning and dispersal are unclear since the young are well camouflaged and rarely observed in the field. Captive black-tailed jackrabbit are fully weaned by 8 weeks. The young stay together for at least a week after leaving the form.
Preferred habitat.
The black-tailed jackrabbit can occupy a wide range of habitats as long as there is diversity in plant species. It requires mixed grasses, forbs, and shrubs for food, and shrubs or small trees for cover. It prefers moderately open areas without dense understory growth and is seldom found in closed-canopy habitats. For example, in California, black-tailed jackrabbit is plentiful in open chamise ("Ademostoma fasciculatum" Ceanothus spp.) chaparral interspersed with grasses, but does not occupy closed-canopy chaparral. Similarly, black-tailed jackrabbit occupies clearcuts and early seral coniferous forest, but not closed-canopy coniferous forest.
Black-tailed jackrabbit does not migrate or hibernate during winter; the same habitat is used year-round. There is diurnal movement of 2 to 10 miles (3–16 km) from shrub cover in day to open foraging areas at night. Home range area varies with habitat and habitat quality. Home ranges of 0.4 to 1.2 square miles (1–3 km2) have been reported in big sagebrush ("Artemisia tridentata") and black greasewood ("Sarcobatus vermiculatus") communities of northern Utah.
Black-tailed jackrabbit require shrubs or small conifers for hiding, nesting, and thermal cover, and grassy areas for night feeding. A shrub-grassland mosaic or widely spaced shrubs interspersed with herbs provides hiding cover while providing feeding opportunities. Small shrubs do not provide adequate cover. In the Snake River Birds of Prey Study Area in southwestern Idaho, black-tailed jackrabbit was more frequent on sites dominated by big sagebrush or black greasewood than on sites dominated by the smaller shrubs winterfat ("Krascheninnikovia lanata") or shadscale ("Atriplex confertifolia"). Black-tailed jackrabbit does not habitually use a burrow, although it has occasionally been observed using abandoned burrows for escape and thermal cover.
Food habits.
The black-tailed jackrabbit diet is composed of shrubs, small trees, grasses, and forbs. Throughout the course of a year, black-tailed jackrabbit feed on most if not all of the important plant species in a community. Growth stage and moisture content of plants may influence selection more than species. Shrubs generally comprise the bulk of fall and winter diets, while grasses and forbs are used in spring and early summer. This pattern varies with climate: herbaceous plants are grazed during greenup periods while the plants are in prereproductive to early reproductive stages, and shrubs are utilized more in dry seasons. Shrubs are browsed throughout the year, however. Most of a jackrabbit's ("Lepus" spp.) body water is replaced by foraging water-rich vegetation. Jackrabbit require a plant's water weight to be at least five times its dry weight in order to meet daily water intake requirements. Therefore, black-tailed jackrabbits switch to phreatophyte (deep-rooted) shrubs when herbaceous vegetation is recovering from their foraging.
Plant species used by black-tailed jackrabbit are well documented for desert regions. Forage use in other regions is less well known. However, black-tailed jackrabbit browse Douglas fir ("Pseudotsuga menziesii"), ponderosa pine ("Pinus ponderosa"),
lodgepole pine ("P. contorta"), and western hemlock ("Tsuga heterophylla") seedlings, and oak ("Quercus" spp.) seedlings and sprouts.
Great Basin.
In Great Basin, big sagebrush is a primary forage species and is used throughout the year; in southern Idaho it forms 16–21% of the
black-tailed jackrabbit summer diet. Rabbitbrush ("Chrysothamnus" spp.), spiny hopsage ("Gray spinosa"), and black greasewood are also browsed. Four-wing saltbush ("Atriplex canescens") is heavily used in western Nevada. In Butte County, Idaho, winterfat comprises 41% of black-tailed jackrabbits' annual diet. Grasses comprise 14% of the diet, with most grass consumption in March and April. Russian thistle ("Salsola kali") is an important forb diet item. Needle-and-thread grass ("Stipa comata") and Indian ricegrass ("Oryzopsis hymenoides") are preferred grasses. Other preferred native grasses include Sandberg bluegrass ("Poa secunda") and bluebunch wheatgrass ("Pseudoroegneria spicata"). Where available, crested wheatgrass ("Agropyron desertorum" and "Agropyron cristatum") and barley ("Hordeum vulgare") are highly preferred. Cheatgrass ("Bromus tectorum") use is variable: it comprises 45% of the April diet on two southern Idaho sites, but black-tailed jackrabbit on an eastern Washington site do not use it.
Warm desert.
In warm desert, mesquite ("Prosopis" spp.) and creosotebush ("Larrea tridentata") are principle browse species. Broom snakeweed ("Gutierrezia sarothrae") and "Yucca" spp. are also used. In honey mesquite ("Prosopis glandulosa var. glandulosa") communities in New Mexico, overall black-tailed jackrabbit diet was 47% shrubs, 22% grasses, and 31% forbs. Black grama ("Bouteloua" spp.), dropseed ("Sporobolus" spp.), fluffgrass ("Erioneuron pulchellum"), and threeawns ("Aristida" spp.) are the most commonly grazed grasses. Leather croton ("Croton pottsii"), silverleaf nightshade ("Solanum elaeagnifolium"), desert marigold ("Baileya multiradiata"), wooly paperflower ("Psilostrophe tagetina"), and globemallow ("Sphaeralcea" spp.) are important forbs, although many forb species are grazed. "Opuntia" spp., saguaro ("Carnegiea gigantea"), and other cacti are used throughout the year but are especially important in dry seasons as a source of moisture.
Predators.
Black-tailed jackrabbit is an important prey species for many raptors and carnivorous mammals. The black-tailed jackrabbit and Townsend's ground squirrel ("Spermophilus townsendii") are the two most important prey species on the Snake River Birds of Prey Study Area. Hawks preying on black-tailed jackrabbit include the ferruginous hawk ("Buteo regalis"), white-tailed hawk ("Buteo albicaudatus"), Swainson's hawk ("B. swainsoni"), and red-tailed hawk ("B. jamaicensis"). The black-tailed jackrabbit is the primary prey of Swainson's, red-tailed, and ferruginous hawks on Idaho and Utah sites. Other raptors consuming black-tailed jackrabbit include the great horned owl ("Bubo virginianus"), burrowing owl ("Athene cunicularia"), golden eagle ("Aquila chrysaetos"), and bald eagle ("Haliaeetus leucocephalus"). There is a significant correlation between golden eagle production and black-tailed jackrabbit productivity. In Colorado and southeastern Wyoming, black-tailed jackrabbit constitute 9% of nesting bald eagles' diet. Jackrabbits ("Lepus" spp.) and cottontails ("Sylvilagus" spp.) combined form 9% of the diet of bald eagles wintering on National Forests in Arizona and New Mexico.
Mammalian predators include coyote ("Canis latrans"), domestic dog ("C. familiaris"), red fox ("Vulpes vulpes"), common gray fox ("Urocyon cinereoargenteus"), American badger ("Taxidea taxus"), mountain lion ("Felis concolor"), housecat ("F. catus"), and bobcat ("Lynx rufus"). In many areas, black-tailed jackrabbit is the primary item in coyote diets. It is locally and regionally important to other mammalian predators. One study found that jackrabbits ("Lepus" spp.) made up 45% of the bobcat diet in Utah and Nevada. Another Utah–Nevada study found that jackrabbits were the fourth most commonly consumed prey of mountain lion.
Rattlesnakes ("Crotalus" spp.) and garter snakes ("Thamnophis sirtalis") prey on black-tailed jackrabbit young. Raccoons ("Procyon lotor") and striped skunks ("Mephitis mephitis") may also capture young.
Parasites and disease.
The black-tailed jackrabbit plays host to many ectoparasites including fleas, ticks, lice, and mites, and many endoparasites including trematodes, cestodes, nematodes, and botfly ("Cuterebra") larvae. Diseases affecting the black-tailed jackrabbit in the West are tularemia, equine encephalitis, brucellosis, Q fever, and Rocky Mountain spotted fever. Ticks are vectors for tularemia, and infected ticks have been found on jackrabbits in the West. Jackrabbits infected with tularemia die very quickly.
The high prevalence of disease and parasites in wild jackrabbits affects human predation. Many hunters will not collect the jackrabbits they shoot, and those who do are well advised to wear gloves while handling carcasses and to cook the meat thoroughly to avoid contracting tularemia. Most hunting of jackrabbits is done for pest control or sport.

</doc>
<doc id="18952376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952376" title="Center for Transportation and Logistics Neuer Adler">
Center for Transportation and Logistics Neuer Adler

Center for Transportation and Logistics Neuer Adler or CNA is a German association for industries active in the transport and logistics sectors.

</doc>
<doc id="18952395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952395" title="Peniocereus greggii">
Peniocereus greggii

Peniocereus greggii is a cactus species originating from Arizona (USA) and Sonora (Mexico). Common names include Arizona queen of the night, nightblooming cereus and Reina de la noche. The species name greggii honors Josiah Gregg (1806 – 1850), a merchant, explorer, naturalist, and author of the American Southwest and Northern Mexico.
Description.
This cactus has stems about 1/2-1 inch wide with 6-9 edges. Its flowers are white, up to 30 centimetres in diameter with a scent redolent of vanilla. The flowers open after sundown, closing and wasting after a few hours. By 9 am the next day they are gone.
They usually bloom one night a year in June or July. In any given area, they all bloom at the same time. They look dead during the rest of the year. They have a large tuber that tastes a bit like a potato. They tend to be ubiquitous throughout the higher sonoran desert area around Tucson. See "A Natural History of the Sonoran Desert published by the Arizona Sonora Desert Museum, pg 197.

</doc>
<doc id="18952403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952403" title="5022">
5022

5022 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18952405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952405" title="German women's football league system">
German women's football league system

The German women's football league system looks the following in its top 4 tiers. On lower levels there are several levels of local leagues.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="18952408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952408" title="Split, Croatia">
Split, Croatia

Split (; ) is a city in the Croatian region of Dalmatia, on the eastern shores of the Adriatic Sea, centred on the structure of the ancient Roman Palace of the Emperor Diocletian and its bay and port. With a population of 178,192 citizens and a metropolitan area numbering up to 350,000, Split is by far the largest Dalmatian city and the second-largest city of Croatia. Spread over a central peninsula and its surroundings, Split's greater area includes the neighboring seaside towns as well. An intraregional transport hub and popular tourist destination, the city is a link to numerous Adriatic islands and the Apennine peninsula.
Split is also one of the oldest cities in the area. While it is traditionally considered just over 1,700 years old counting from the construction of Diocletian's Palace in 305 CE, archaeological research relating to the original founding of the city as the Greek colony of Aspálathos (Aσπάλαθος) in the 4th century BCE establishes the urban tradition of the area as being several centuries older.
Name.
The city draws its name from the spiny broom ("calicotome spinosa; brnistra" or "žuka" in modern Croatian), a common shrub in the area, after which the Greek colony of Aspálathos (Aσπάλαθος) or Spálathos (Σπάλαθος) was named. As the city became a Roman possession, the Latin name became "Spalatum" or "Aspalatum", which in the Middle Ages evolved into "Aspalathum", "Spalathum", "Spalatrum", and "Spalatro" in the Dalmatian language of the city's Romance population. The Serbo-Croatian term became "Split" or "Spljet", while the Italian-language version, "Spalato", became universal in international usage by the Early Modern Period. In the late 19th century, the Serbo-Croatian name increasingly came to prominence, and officially replaced "Spalato" in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia after World War I.
For a significant period, the origin of the name was erroneously thought to be related to the Latin word for "palace" ("palatium"), a reference to Diocletian's Palace which still forms the core of the city. Various theories were developed, such as the notion that the name derives from ""S. Palatium"", an abbreviation of ""Salonae Palatium"". The erroneous "palace" etymologies were notably due to Byzantine Emperor Constantine VII Porphyrogenitus, and were later mentioned by Thomas the Archdeacon.
History.
Antiquity.
Although the beginnings of Split are traditionally associated with the construction of Diocletian's Palace in 305 CE, the city was founded in the 4th century BCE as the Greek colony of Aspálathos, or Spálathos. This was a colony of the polis of Issa, the modern-day town of Vis on the island of the same name. Issa itself was a colony of the Sicilian city of Syracuse, which was in turn originally founded by Corinth. Corinthians and Syracusans (as well as Issans) were Dorian Greeks.
The Greek settlement lived off trade with the surrounding Illyrian tribes, mostly the Delmatae. In time, the Roman Republic became the dominant power in the region, conquering the Illyrians in the Illyrian Wars of 229 and 219 BCE. Upon establishing permanent rule, the Romans founded the Province of Dalmatia. The city of Salona, only a short distance from Spálathos, became the capital of the province and evolved into a significant city in the Roman state. The history of Spálathos becomes obscure for a while at this point, being overshadowed by that of nearby Salona (to which it will later become successor).
The Roman Emperor Diocletian (ruled 284 to 305 CE) reformed the government in the late Roman Empire and established the Tetrarchy. This new system presupposed that Diocletian himself would retire at some point in favor of Galerius. Thus, in 293 CE, he began the construction of an opulent and heavily fortified palace near his home town of Salona, selecting the site of Spálathos (or Spalatum in Latin). The palace was built immediately on the sea, so as to allow its occupant to escape by that means if necessary (in an era plagued by civil wars). The site was most likely chosen due to being near to Salona, but also with a secure port and a more immediate access to the open sea in the case of an attack. Following a bout of illness in 303 CE, Diocletian announced he would retire as soon as his Palace, scheduled for completion in 305 CE, was ready.
The Palace was built as a massive structure, much like a Roman military fortress. It faces the sea on its south side, with its walls 170 to 200 metres (570 to 700 feet) long, and 15 to 20 metres (50 to 70 feet) high, enclosing an area of 38,000 m² (9½ acres). The palace water supply was substantial, fed by an aqueduct from Jadro Spring, which supplies the city to this day. The palace and the city of Spalatum which formed its surroundings were at times inhabited by a population as large as 8,000 to 10,000 people. Diocletian established Marjan hill as a recreational area for the residents, a tradition which persists to this day. The palace was finished on schedule in AD 305. Diocletian accordingly retired, becoming the first Roman Emperor to voluntarily remove himself from office. Little is known what became of the palace after Diocletian's death, though it is supposed to have fallen under the administration of the magistrates of Salona, and was gradually abandoned along with its surroundings. For a period one part of it seems to have been the site of a textile manufactory where Salonitan women worked.
The Palace was to have one further significant occupant, however: Flavius Julius Nepos, the last legitimate Emperor of the Western Roman Empire. By the late 5th century CE, the Western provinces of the Empire fell under the control of various Germanic confederations. Dalmatia (which was now considered a Western province since the reign of Theodosius I) eventually remained the only exception in that regard. From 468 CE, the Province was ruled by Julius Nepos, who was appointed Western Emperor in 473 CE by Leo I of the Eastern Court. He attempted to establish himself in the Western capital of Ravenna (right across the Adriatic from Salona), but was deposed within two years by his Germanic "Magister militum", Orestes. He returned to Salona in 475 and took Diocletian's Palace for his residence. Orestes installed his young son Romulus Augustulus as the Emperor in the West, but was murdered within a year (476 CE) by Odoacer with his son deposed. Thereupon Odoacer did not establish his own puppet emperor, but instead returned the Imperial regalia of the West to the Emperor in the East (that now being Emperor Zeno), effectively abolishing the Western Imperial throne. The Eastern Court in Constantinople, however, still recognized Julius Nepos as legitimate Western Emperor. From AD 475, Nepos therefore ruled from Diocletian's Palace as effective "Emperor of Dalmatia". He was however murdered in the Palace by local political enemies in 480 CE, whereupon the two thrones of the Roman Empire were formally united under the Eastern emperors in Constantinople, who now became the sole Roman emperors. The Empire itself is henceforward more commonly referred to in historiography as the Byzantine Empire.
In 493 CE Salona, along with most of Dalmatia, was lost to the Ostrogothic Kingdom. However, by 535 CE the Emperor Justinian the Great was ready to attempt a reconquest of Roman lands held by the Ostrogoths. By July of the same year, the Roman general Mundus had quickly overrun Dalmatia and captured Salona. But a large Gothic army arrived to reclaim the province, and though he inflicted a heavy defeat upon them, Mundus himself was mortally wounded. As a result, the Roman army withdrew, and all of Dalmatia, with the exception of Salona, was abandoned to the Goths. Salona was then taken by the Gothic general Gripas. Justinian dispatched a new general, Constantianus, to recover Dalmatia, which he accomplished speedily. Gripas was forced to abandoned Salona because of the ruined state of its fortifications and the pro-Roman stance of its citizens. Constantinianus then occupied the city and rebuilt its walls. Seven days later, the Gothic army departed for Italy, so that by late June 536 CE Dalmatia was again in Roman hands.
Sack of Salona.
The history of Split as a significant city, however, begins with the Sack of Salona by the Avars in 639 CE. Conflicting versions of the event are in existence, and it is unknown whether the city was taken by treachery, by ruse, or whether the defense was simply abandoned by the populace. In either case, the city fell with little or no resistance, and was thoroughly sacked and destroyed, "so that nothing but the theatre remained standing". The Romans of Salona fled by sea to the nearby Adriatic islands of Solentia (Šolta), Bretia (Brač), Pharia (Hvar), Issa (Vis), and Corcyra Nigra (Korčula). The Avars had ravaged the entire region and expelled or killed most of the Roman population. The Dalmatian region and its shores were at this time settled by tribes of Croats, a South Slavic people subservient to the Avar khagans (the Avars themselves, i.e. the Avar Khaganate, occupied the more fertile land of the Pannonian Basin).
For the following decade, the Salonitans lived in huts on the islands, suffering from a lack of drinking water (the islands themselves appear to have been mostly deserted by that time). The younger men equipped some light ships and raided Croat settlements on the mainland "so that none of the Slavs dared to go down to the sea". At this point there emerged a leader among the exiles, known only as Severus the Great ("whose house had stood next to the columns of the Palace by the sea"). He persuaded the vast majority of the remaining Salonitans to return to the mainland. They could not return to the ruins of Salona, which were entirely indefensible and closer to the Slavic tribes of the interior, but chose instead to occupy the 300 year-old Palace of Diocletian. They intended to stay in the Palace until such a time as Salona might be reoccupied, but this never became possible. The strong fortifications of the palace, along with its placement directly upon the sea, meant that it could not be effectively besieged by the Slavic tribes of the mainland.
The Salonitans occupied the Palace around the year 650 CE. Their numbers were so reduced by this point that the fortress-like structure, which was not built to serve as a city, was sufficient for their needs. Contrary to their expectations of retaking Salona, the citizens were hard-pressed to maintain themselves even in the Palace. Upon hearing of their return, the Croats destroyed their crops and confined them within the gates. The Emperor Constans II intervened at this point, and granted them an Imperial mandate to establish themselves in the Palace as the City of Spalatum, which imposed upon the Slavs a cessation of further hostilities through diplomatic arrangements. The Empire itself at this time was hard-pressed to defend itself against the Caliphate and the Lombards in Italy, but was at the time in fact allied with the Croatian Slavs against the Avars.
The citizens of Spalatum now purged the temple of Jupiter in Diocletian's Palace and rededicated it to the Virgin Mary. They undertook a dangerous expedition to the overgrown ruins of Salona to recover the remains of the popular Saint Domnius, a one-time Bishop of Salona of Syrian ancestry, executed by order of Emperor Diocletian. They brought the remains to Spalatum in great haste, fearing attack by Slavs, and so brought the remains of the wrong saint. A second expedition was more successful, and the Cathedral of Saint Domnius could now be established with the necessary conditions of sanctity (some have later argued, however, that the remains interred in the Cathedral were not in fact those of Saint Domnius). The new see was invested by the Pope with all the authority of the ancient archiepiscopal see of Salona. The Archbishop of Salona retained his status as metropolitan of all Dalmatia, continuing on to be referred to for centuries by the name of the ruined ancient city. In 1100, the bell tower which became the main symbol of the city was constructed and dedicated to Saint Domnius, by then regarded as the patron saint of the city.
Byzantine period.
Throughout the following centuries, effectively until the Fourth Crusade and the Sack of Constantinople, Split remained a "de jure" possession of the Byzantine Empire. Its hinterland, however, ravaged and desolated by the Avar invasion (from which it never fully recovered), was lost to the Empire beyond much hope of recovery. The region was now home to the Duchy of the Croats. In this period, an independent Dalmatian language developed from Latin, with a distinct local dialect: to its inhabitants, the city became known as Spalatrum or Spalatro.
Dalmatia, or rather the cities, islands, and the immediate coastline, was organized as a Byzantine duchy, administered by the Exarchate of Ravenna. After the final fall of Ravenna to the Lombards in 751, the prefects and fleet fled from Ravenna to the port of Jadera (Zadar), and the Duchy of Dalmatia began to be administered from there. The cities along the coast, however, enjoyed significant privileges and in practice ran their own affairs independently.
In 925, in the hinterland of Spalatro, Tomislav, Duke of the Croats, conquered the Duchy of Pannonia to the north, and the Kingdom of Croatia now emerged in the hinterland of the city. He was an ally of the Byzantine Empire against their common enemy, Simeon I of Bulgaria, and relations with the Empire were cordial. However, contrary to some claims originating in the 19th century, the notion that the King received from the Emperor any powers (the position of "Strategos") over Spalatro or other Dalmatian cities, or exercised any authority there, is not supported by historical sources. He did receive from the Emperor Romanus I Lecapenus the title of "proconsul", but this was an honorific with no function attached to it.
Tomislav had his seat at Nin, on the northern Dalmatian coast (relatively near to Zadar), and the bishops of Nin (also known as "bishops of the Croats") gained jurisdiction and influence over the Church in Croatian territories, at the expense of the Archbishopric in Spalatro. The Bishopric of Nin, headed by Bishop Gregory, attempted to institute the "Slavonic" or "Slavic language" as the language of religious service in the Croatian realm. In response to these developments, in 925 a significant synod was held in Split, at which it was decreed that "noone should presume to celebrate the divine mysteries in the Slavonic language, but only in Latin and Greek, and that noone of that tongue should be advanced to the holy orders". Further, the Archbishop of Spalatum was reaffirmed as having jurisdiction over Croatian lands.
Throughout the 9th and 10th centuries, the waters of the Adriatic were the theatre of a naval struggle between the Narentines (a South Slavic confederation recognizing the King of Croatia as their sovereign) and the Venetian Republic, with the Narentines long holding the upper hand and at one point raiding Venice itself. Split was constantly subjected to raids from both the Narentines on the sea, and by the Croats in its immediate hinterland. Therefore, the city offered its allegiance to Venice in exchange for the Doge establishing security. In 998 the Venetian Doge Pietro II Orseolo, led a large naval expedition along the eastern shores of the Adriatic. He arrived in Split and was welcomed by the population, with the city immediately allying itself to him and providing naval assistance. He defeated the Narentines the same year, and the cities of Dalmatia offered to pledge their allegiance to the Doge and his successors. After obtaining permission from Emperor Basil II in Constantinople, Orseolo proclaimed himself Duke of Dalmatia.
However, in 1014 the First Bulgarian Empire was destroyed by Basil II, and the Empire restored direct control over Dalmatia. The title Duke of Dalmatia seems to have been dropped at this point by the Ventian doges. By 1102, though, the Empire was waning again, and Kingdom of Croatia was (according to differing interpretations) either conquered, or absorbed into the Kingdom of Hungary by way of a personal union. In order to prevent the Hungarians or Normans from gaining control of Dalmatia, Emperor Alexius I Comnenus conferred once more the Duchy of Dalmatia to the Venetian Doge (his nominal vassal). The Venetians have also rendered valuable naval assistance to the Empire in the Byzantine–Norman wars, while the last King of Croatia, Demetrius Zvonimir, had offended the Emperor by seeking investiture from the Pope and not the Patriarch of Constantinople (as was the case with his immediate predecessors).
From this point onward Byzantine power was not to assert itself again in any significant way in Dalmatia. Split and the cities of Dalmatia became the subject of a struggle between the Kings of Hungary and the Venetian Republic, which ended only 300 years later (1420) in Venetian victory.
Struggle for Dalmatia.
During the 20-year Hungarian civil war between King Sigismund and the Capetian House of Anjou of the Kingdom of Naples, the losing contender, Ladislaus of Naples, sold his disputed rights on Dalmatia to the Venetian Republic for 100,000 ducats. Acting on the pretext, the Republic took over the city by the year 1420, and it was to remain under Venetian rule for 377 years (1420–1797).
Venetian period.
The population was by that time largely Croatian, while Romance Dalmatian names were not so numerous, according to the Medieval city archives, and the common language was also Croatian, but Italian (a mixture of Tuscan and Venetian dialects) was also spoken due to the Italian minorities. The autonomy of the city was reduced: the highest authority was a prince-captain, always of Venetian birth.
Split eventually developed into a significant port-city, with important trade routes to the Ottoman-held interior through the nearby Klis pass. Culture flourished as well, Split being the hometown of Marko Marulić, a classic Croatian author. Marko Marulić's most acclaimed work, "Judita" (1501), was an epic poem about Judith and Holfernes and written in Split, it was printed in Venice in 1521. It is widely held to be the first modern work of Croatian literature. Still, it should be noted the advances and achievements were reserved mostly for the aristocracy: the illiteracy rate was extremely high, mostly because Venetian rule showed little interest in educational and medical facilities.
19th century.
During the brief period of Napoleonic rule when it was part of the Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy's Illyrian Provinces (1806–1813), large investments were undertaken in the city, new streets were built and parts of the ancient fortifications were removed.
The city was allocated to the Empire of Austria by the Congress of Vienna. The Split region became part of the Kingdom of Dalmatia, a separate administrative unit. After the revolutions of 1848 as a result of the romantic nationalism, two factions appeared. One was the pro-Croatian "Unionist faction" (later called the ""Puntari"", "Pointers"), led by the People's Party and, to a lesser extent, the Party of Rights, both of which advocated the union of Dalmatia with the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia which was under Hungarian administration. This faction was strongest in Split, and used it as its headquarters. The other faction was the pro-Italian Autonomist faction (also known as the "Irredentist" faction), whose political goals varied from autonomy within the Austro-Hungarian Empire, to a political union with the Kingdom of Italy.
The political alliances in Split shifted over time. At first, the Unionists and Autonomists were allied against the centralism of Vienna. After a while, when the national question came to prominence, they separated. Under Austria, however, Split can generally be said to have stagnated. The great upheavals in Europe in 1848 gained no ground in Split, and the city did not rebel.
Antonio Bajamonti became Mayor of Split in 1860 and – except for a brief interruption during the period 1864–65 – held the post for over two decades until 1880. Bajamonti was also a member of the Dalmatian Sabor (1861–91) and the Austrian Chamber of Deputies (1867–70 and 1873–79). In 1882 the Bajamonti's party lost the elections and Dujam Rendić-Miočević, a prominent city lawyer, was elected to the post.
20th century.
Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
After the end of World War I and the dissolution of Austria-Hungary, the province of Dalmatia, along with Split, became a part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. Split was the site of a series of incidents between 1918 and 1920.
Since Rijeka, Trieste and Zadar, the three other large cities on the eastern Adriatic coast, were annexed by Italy, Split became the most important port in the Kingdom. The Lika railway, connecting Split to the rest of the country, was completed in 1925.
The country changed its name to the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929, and the Port of Split became the seat of new administrative unit, Littoral Banovina. After the Cvetković-Maček agreement, Split became the part of new administrative unit (merging of Sava and Littoral Banovina plus some Croat populated areas), Banovina of Croatia in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
World War II.
In April 1941, following the invasion of Yugoslavia by Nazi Germany, Split was occupied by Italy and formally annexed one month later. Italian rule met heavy opposition from the Croat population as Split became a centre of anti-fascist sentiment in Yugoslavia. Between September and October 1941 alone, ten officials of the Italian fascist occupation were assassinated by the citizens.
In September 1943, following the capitulation of Italy, the city was temporarily controlled by Tito's brigades with thousands of people volunteering to join the Partisans of Marshal Josip Broz Tito (a third of the total population, according to some sources). A few weeks later, however, the Partisans were forced into retreat as the Wehrmacht placed the city under the authority of the Independent State of Croatia a few weeks later. The local football clubs refused to compete in the Italian championship; HNK Hajduk and RNK Split suspended their activities and both joined the Partisans along with their entire staff after the Italian capitulation provided the opportunity. Soon after Hajduk became the official football club of the Partisan movement.
In a tragic turn of events, besides being bombed by axis forces, the city was also bombed by the Allies, causing hundreds of deaths. Partisans finally captured the city on 26 October 1944 and instituted it as the provisional capital of Croatia. On 12 February 1945 the Kriegsmarine conducted a daring raid on the Split harbour, damaging the British cruiser "Delhi".
Federal Yugoslavia.
After World War II, Split became a part of the Socialist Republic of Croatia, itself a constituent sovereign republic of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. During the period the city experienced its largest economic and demographic boom. Dozens of new factories and companies were founded with the city population tripling during the period. The city became the economic centre of an area exceeding the borders of Croatia and was flooded by waves of rural migrants from the undeveloped hinterland who found employment in the newly established industry, as part of large-scale industrialization and investment by the Yugoslav Federal Government.
The shipbuilding industry was particularly successful and Yugoslavia, with its Croatian shipyards, became one of the world's top nations in the field. Many recreational facilities were also constructed with federal funding, especially for the 1979 Mediterranean Games, such as the Poljud Stadium. The city also became the largest passenger and military port in Yugoslavia, housing the headquarters of the Yugoslav Navy ("Jugoslavenska ratna mornarica," JRM) and the Army's Coastal Military District (equivalent of a field army). In the period between 1945 and 1990, the city was transformed and expanded, taking up the vast majority of the Split peninsula. In the same period it achieved an as yet unsurpassed GDP and employment level, still above the present day's, growing into a significant Yugoslav city.
Since independence.
When Croatia declared its independence again in 1991, Split had a large garrison of JNA troops (drafted from all over Yugoslavia), as well as the headquarters and facilities of the Yugoslav War Navy (JRM). This led to a tense months-long stand-off between the JNA and Croatian National Guard and police forces, occasionally flaring up in various incidents.
The most tragic such incident occurred on 15 November 1991, when the JRM light frigate "Split" fired a small number of shells at the city and its surroundings. The damage was insignificant but there were a few casualties. Three general locations were bombarded: the old city center, the city airport and an uninhabited part of the hills above Kaštela, between the airport and Split. JRM Sailors who had refused to attack Croat civilians, most of them Croats themselves, were left in the vessel's brig. The JNA and JRM evacuated all of its facilities in Split during January 1992. The 1990s economic recession soon followed.
In the years following 2000, Split finally gained momentum and started to develop again, with a focus on tourism. From being just a transition centre, Split is now a major Croatian tourist destination. Many new hotels are being built, as well as new apartment and office buildings. Many large development projects are revived, and new infrastructure is being built. An example of the latest large city projects is the Spaladium Arena, built in 2009.
Geography.
Split is situated on a peninsula between the eastern part of the Gulf of Kaštela and the Split Channel. The Marjan hill (178 m), rises in the western part of the peninsula. The ridges Kozjak (779 m) and its brother Mosor (1339 m) protect the city from the north and northeast, and separate it from the hinterland.
Climate.
Split has a borderline humid subtropical ("Cfa") and Mediterranean climate ("Csa") in the Köppen climate classification, since only one summer month has less than of rainfall, preventing it from being classified as solely humid subtropical or Mediterranean. It has hot, moderately dry summers and mild, wet winters (however, winters can sometimes feel cold, because of the north wind Bura and its windchill factor - for example, if the air temperature is 5 °C (41 °F) and strong bura is blowing, it feels like -10 °C (14 °F). Average annual rainfall is more than . July is the hottest month, with an average high temperature around . January is the coldest month, with an average low temperature around . November is the wettest month, with a precipitation total of nearly and 12 rainy days. July is the driest month, with a precipitation total of around . Winter is the wettest season; however, it can rain in Split at any time of the year. Snow is usually rare; since record-keeping began the months of December and January have accrued 1 snowy day on average, while February has averaged 2. In February 2012, Split received unusually large amount of snow which caused major problems with traffic. Split receives more than 2,600 sunshine hours annually.
Demographics.
According to the 2011 census, the city of Split had 178,102 inhabitants.
Ethnically, Croats make up 96.23% of the population, and 86.15% of the residents of the city are Roman Catholics.
The settlements included in the administrative area of the City are:
In the wider urban Split's area lives 293,298 inhabitants, while there is 349,314 people in the Split metropolitan area. Urban area includes the surrounding towns and settlements: Okrug, Seget, Trogir, Kaštela, Solin, Podstrana, Dugi Rat and Omiš, while the metro area adds Marina, Primorski Dolac, Prgomet, Lećevica, Klis, Dugopolje, Dicmo, Trilj, Sinj and Supetar on the island Brač. The entire Split-Dalmatia County has 454,798 residents, and the whole region of Dalmatia just under a million.
Inhabitants.
Although the inhabitants of Split ("Splićani") may appear to be a homogeneous body, they traditionally belong to three separate and distinct groups. The old urban families, the "Fetivi," (short for ""Fetivi Splićani"", "real Split natives") are generally very proud of their city, its history and its distinctive traditional speech (a variant of the Chakavian dialect). The "Fetivi," now a distinct minority, are also sometimes referred to (semi-derogatorily) as ""Mandrili"" - and are augmented by the so-called "Boduli," immigrants from the nearby Adriatic islands who mostly arrived over the course of the 20th century.
The above two groups are together distinct, in the Mediterranean aspects of their ethnicity and traditional Chakavian speech, from the more numerous Shtokavian-speaking immigrants from the rural Zagora hinterland, referred to as the "Vlaji" (a term that sometimes carries negative connotations). The latter joined the Fetivi and Boduli as a third group in the decades since World War II, thronging the high-rise suburbs that stretch away from the centre. By now the "Vlaji" constitute a decided majority of inhabitants, causing a distinct shift in the overall ethnic characteristics of the city. Historically more influenced by Ottoman culture, their population merges almost seamlessly at the eastern border with the Herzegovinian Croats and the southern Bosnia and Herzegovina in general. Local jokes have always condemned the Vlaji to playing the role of rural unsophisticates, although it is often conceded that it was their hard work in the industries of the post-WWII era that made modern-day Split what it is now.
In recent years, the most pronounced distinction in Split society is one between those well established in the city and the more recent arrivals from Herzegovina (ethnically akin to the "Vlaji" of the Zagora), who came to Split in increasing numbers in the 1990s.
Economy.
Split's economy is still suffering the backlash from the recession caused by the transfer to a market economy and privatization. In the Yugoslav era, however, the city had been a highly significant economic centre with a modern and diverse industrial and economic base, including shipbuilding, food, chemical, plastics, textile, and paper industry, in addition to a large revenues from tourism. In 1981 Split's GDP per capita was 137% of the Yugoslav average. Today, most of the factories are out of business (or are far below pre-war production and employment capacity) and the city has been trying to concentrate on commerce and services, consequently leaving an alarmingly large number of factory workers unemployed.
Brodosplit shipyard is the largest one in Croatia. It employs around 2,300 people, and has built over 350 vessels, including many tankers, both panamax and non-panamax, as well as container ships, bulk carriers, dredgers, off-shore platforms, frigates, submarines, patrol boats and passenger ships. 80% of the ships built are exported to foreign contractors.
The new A1 motorway, integrating Split with the rest of the Croatian freeway network, has helped stimulate economic production and investment, with new businesses being built in the city centre and its wildly sprawling suburbs. The entire route was opened in July 2005. Today, the city's economy relies mostly on trade and tourism with some old industries undergoing partial revival, such as food (fishing, olive, wine production), paper, concrete and chemicals. Since 1998, Split has been host to the annual Croatia Boat Show.
Education.
There are 24 primary schools and 23 secondary schools including 11 grammar schools.
University.
The University of Split (Croatian: Sveučilište u Splitu) was founded in 1974. In the last few years it has grown to a big extent. Now it has 26,000 students and is organized in 12 faculties. Currently the new campus is being built, and it will be finished sometime in 2012. It will house all of the faculties, a large student centre with a sports hall, sporting grounds and a university library.
Culture.
In 1979, the historic center of Split was included into the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites. Split is said to be one of the centres of Croatian culture. Its literary tradition can be traced to medieval times, and includes names like Marko Marulić, while in more modern times Split excelled by authors famous for their sense of humor. Among them the most notable is Miljenko Smoje, famous for his TV series "Malo misto" and "Velo misto", with the latter dealing with the development of Split into a modern city.
Despite colorful settings and characters, as well as a cinema tradition that could be traced to early 20th-century works of Josip Karaman, there were relatively few films shot in or around Split. However, the city did produce several famous actors, most notably Boris Dvornik.
Also well known is Ivo Tijardović, and his famous operetta "Little Floramye" ("Mala Floramye"). Both Smoje and Tijardović are famous artists thought to represent the old Split traditions that are slowly dying out due to the city being overwhelmed by large numbers of rural migrants from the undeveloped hinterland.
Museums and galleries.
The Archaeological Museum () main collection is housed at Zrinsko-Frankopanska 25 in Split. There is also a branch building in Solin (Salona and Tusculum Collection) and two regional centres at Vid near Metkovic (Narona Collection), and on the island of Vis (Issa Collection). The Split Archaeological Museum is the oldest museum institution in Croatia, founded in 1820 by the decree of the Dalmatian government in Zadar. Some 150,000 artifacts cover prehistoric times, the period of Greek colonization of the Adriatic, Roman Provincial and Early Christian era to the early Middle Ages and the period of Croatian popular rulers). Of special interest is the collection of stone inscriptions from Salona and the collections of Graeco-Hellenistic ceramic objects, Roman glass, ancient clay lamps, bone and metal articles, as well as the collection of gems. In addition, the museum houses an extensive collection of ancient and medieval coins, a submarine achaeological collection, and a rich archive library.
The Museum of Croatian Archaeological Monuments ( ) is the only museum in Croatia dedicated to researching and presenting cultural artifacts of the Croats in the Middle Ages, between the 7th and 15th centuries, particularly the time of the early medieval Croatian state from 9th to 12th century. The collection of early medieval wicker, clay figurines, and old Croatian Latin epigraphic monuments is the largest collection of its kind in Europe.
The Split City Museum () at Papalićeva 1, is housed in the former Papalić Palace. The collection presents the urban, cultural, artistic and economic heritage of the city. The museum is also home to the Emanuel Vidović Gallery, dedicated to the most important Split painter of the 20th century.
The Ethnographical Museum () at Severova 1, has a wide range of ethnographic content mainly from Dalmatia. Founded in 1910, the museum collects original and contemporary applications of traditional heritage. They also track contemporary popular culture living with traces of old foundations and preserve and promote the value of folk heritage, renewing them and presenting exhibitions.
The Croatian Maritime Museum () at Glagoljaška 18 - Tvrđava Gripe has a collection of marine equipment and supplies, weapons and navigation equipment, medals, ship models, uniforms and equipment, and related artwork. A permanent exhibition is planned to complete the presentation of military maritime and naval history, with a presentation that covers the period from the arrival of the Slavs to the present day.
Split Science museum and Zoo () located at Kolombatovićevo šetalište 2 on the Marjan peninsula.
The Gallery of Fine Arts (), located at Kralja Tomislava 15, is an art museum that contains works from the 14th century to the present day providing an overview of the artistic developments in the local art scene. The gallery was founded in 1931, and has a permanent exhibition of paintings and sculptures that includes works by major Croatian artists such as Vlaho Bukovac, Mato Celestin Medović, Branislav Dešković, Ivan Meštrović, Emanuel Vidović and Ignjat Job. The gallery also has an extensive collection of icons, and holds special exhibits of works by contemporary artists. In May 2009, the gallery opened its new premises in the old Split Hospital building behind Diocletian's Palace.
The Ivan Meštrović Gallery (Croatian: Galerija Meštrović), on the Marjan peninsula is an art museum dedicated to the work of the 20th-century sculptor, Ivan Meštrović. The gallery displays some of his most significant work, and the building itself is an art monument. The permanent collection includes works of sculpture, drawings, design, furniture and architecture. The gallery building and grounds were based on original plans by Meštrović himself, and included living and working areas, as well as exhibition spaces. Not far from the Gallery lies Kaštelet-Crikvine, a restored chapel that houses a set of wooden wall panels carved by Ivan Meštrović.
Music.
One of the most recognisable aspects of Split culture is popular music. Notable composers include Josip Hatze, Ivo Tijardović, Zdenko Runjić - some of the most influential musicians in former Yugoslavia. Also, the more notable musicians and bands from Split are Oliver Dragojević, Gibonni, Daleka Obala, Magazin, Severina, Dino Dvornik, Jasmin Stavros, Neno Belan, Goran Karan, Dražen Zečić, Doris Dragović, Jelena Rozga, Tutti Frutti, Siniša Vuco, Meri Cetinić and others. There is great cultural activity during summers, when the prestigious Split Music Festival is held, followed by the Split Summer ("Splitsko ljeto") theater festival.
Sports.
Sportsmen are traditionally held in high regard in Split, and the city is famous for producing many champions. The most popular sports in Split are football (soccer), tennis, basketball, swimming, rowing, sailing, waterpolo, athletics, and handball. Residents of Split prefer to call their city as "The sportiest city in the world".
The main football (soccer) club is HNK Hajduk, the most popular club in Croatia supported by a large Fan association known as Torcida Split, while RNK Split is the city's second club. The largest football stadium is the Poljud Stadium (HNK Hajduk's ground), with 35,000 capacity (55,000 prior to the renovation to an all-seater). Slaven Bilić, Aljoša Asanović, Igor Tudor, and Stipe Pletikosa are some of the famous Split natives who started their careers at Hajduk. Basketball is also popular, and the city basketball club, KK Split (Jugoplastika Split), holds the record of winning the Euroleague three consecutive times (1989–1991), with notable players like Toni Kukoč and Dino Rađa both of whom are Split natives.
Split's most famous tennis stars are the retired Wimbledon champion Goran Ivanišević, and Mario Ančić (""Super Mario"").
Members of the local rowing club HVK Gusar won numerous Olympic and World Championship medals.
Swimming also has a long tradition in Split, with Đurđica Bjedov (1968 Olympic Gold Medal and Olympic record in the 100 m breaststroke), Duje Draganja and Vanja Rogulj as the most famous swimmers from the city. As a member of the ASK Split athletics club, the champion Blanka Vlašić also originates from the city. The biggest sports events to be held in Split were the 1979 Mediterranean Games, and the 1990 European Athletics Championships.
Split is one of the host cities of the 2009 World Men's Handball Championship. The city constructed a new sporting arena for the event, the Spaladium Arena. Its capacity is 12,000 spectators (in basketball events). The cost of the arena was evenly divided between the city and the government. Ivano Balić, two time IHF World Player of the Year is the most famous handball player to come from Split.
Picigin is a traditional local sport (originating in 1908), played on the famous sandy beach Bačvice. It is played in very shallow water (just ankle deep) with a small ball. Picigin is played by five players. The ball is the peeled tennis ball. There is a tradition of playing picigin in Split on New Year's Day, regardless of the weather conditions, in spite of the sea temperature rarely exceeding 10 °C.
Baseball in Split is one of the city's longest traditions. Although the sport began semi-officially in December 1918 when a group of US sailors from a ship in port here introduced the game to some young Croats, it wasn’t until 1972 when a pair of teachers at a local school formed the Salona Baseball Club. Salona is a town about from Split, the site of the capital of the Roman Empire in this part of the world more than 1,700 years ago.
The first actual game played in Split was on Sept 9, 1978 between Split (the new team moved here and was called Nada) and Jezice from Ljubljana–a 20-1 romp for the locals!
A schedule of games began in earnest and by 1980 there were regular league games. The next major milestone was in 1983 when the World Baseball Federation (IBAF) accepted Yugoslavia as an official member. A Croatian National Baseball Federation was established in 1989.
Today the Croatian national team (with 10 or more members coming from Split’s Nada team) is ranked 25th in the world, ahead of Russia and France!
Split's team, Nada, plays its homegames at Old Hajduk stadium, where the rugby club also plays. Alas, without a mound, it is not a regulation field. The team's main rival is Zagreb and there are teams from half a dozen other cities around the country. In addition to playing other Croatian teams, inter-league games are played and the team travels to Belgrade and other cities to play.
Although not a professional team or league, some player/coaches are paid. Several have pro experience and the new coach of the national team was a former major league pitcher with the LA Dodgers! The source material here is from Mladen Cukrov's book "There's no ball like baseball" (Nima baluna do Baseball) and from the writer's experience as an assistant coach of the team for several years.
The Split SeaWolves is the only team of American football in Dalmatia. Active from 2008, they are currently still developing and the main focus is on a flag football team.
Transportation.
Split is an important transport center for Dalmatia and the wider region. In addition to the Bosiljevo-Split freeway (A1), all the road traffic along the Adriatic coast on the route Rijeka–Dubrovnik (Adriatic Highway) flows through the city. The city also has a series of expressways and avenues, enabling efficient, fast transit by car around the city and its suburbs. The most important mean of transport in Split is bus, the city being inadequate for trams due to its hilly geography. The local public transport company Promet Split renovated its fleet in 2008 with the latest MAN and Mercedes-Benz models.
Split is also the southernmost integrated point of the Croatian Railway network. Within Split's city centre, railway traffic passes two tunnels before reaching the Central Station. The line to Split is unremarkable; a journey from Split to Zagreb or Rijeka takes around 5 hours, as the line is unelectrified and consists of only one track. Currently, there are no definite plans to upgrade the line, but with the start of work on the new Zagreb-Rijeka railway line in October 2007. The Split Suburban Railway network opened in early December 2006. It currently has one line, running from the Split city harbour to Kaštel Stari. The line is expected to get a second track and be fully electrified in the near future. New, low-floor trains are expected to be implemented as well. This line will also be lengthened, to encompass the aforementioned Split International Airport, and continue on to the towns of Trogir and Seget Donji. Split also plans to construct a mini-metro that is to be operational by 2012.
The Split Airport in Kaštela is the second largest in Croatia in terms of passenger numbers (1,300,381 in 2011), with year-round services to Zagreb, London, Frankfurt and the Cologne Bonn Airport in Germany, as well as heavy tourist traffic in the summer. The expansion of the terminal is scheduled to commence in 2012. The airport is located about west of Split.
The Port of Split, with its annual traffic of 4 million passengers, is the third busiest port in the Mediterranean, with daily coastal routes to Rijeka, Dubrovnik, and Ancona in Italy. During the summer season Split is connected with other Italian cities as well, such as Pescara. Most of the central Dalmatian islands are only reachable via the Split harbor (with Jadrolinija and Split Tours ferries). This includes the islands of Brač, Hvar and Šolta, as well as the more distant Vis, Korčula and Lastovo. Split is also becoming a major cruise ship destination, with over 260 ship visits, carrying 130,000 passengers. The largest ship scheduled to dock is the 315m long "Celebrity Eclipse".
International relations.
Twin towns—Sister cities.
Split is twinned with:
Partnerships.
Split is partnered with:

</doc>
<doc id="18952416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952416" title="The Living Planet">
The Living Planet

The Living Planet: A Portrait of the Earth is a BBC nature documentary series written and presented by David Attenborough, first transmitted in the UK from 19 January 1984.
The sequel to his pioneering "Life on Earth", it is a study of the ways in which living organisms, including humans, adapt to their surroundings. Each of the twelve 55-minute episodes (one fewer than his previous series) featured a different environment. The executive producer was Richard Brock and the music was composed by Elizabeth Parker of the BBC Radiophonic Workshop.
Part of David Attenborough's 'Life' series, it was followed by "The Trials of Life" (1990). However, before the latter, Attenborough wrote and presented two shorter series: "The First Eden" (1987), about man's relationship with the natural habitats of the Mediterranean, and "Lost Worlds Vanished Lives" (1989), concerning the discovery of fossils.
Background.
The programmes were just as ambitious to produce as those in the previous series, each featuring a variety of locations from around the world.
Among the most difficult places, in terms of logistics, was the Sudan, where the crew had to be flown in — despite there being no runways or indeed roads. Conversely, areas such as the Himalayas permitted no transportation at all, so the only option was to walk. In South America, a shortage of boats led to one cameraman having to push his equipment in a rubber dinghy, while he himself swam behind it.
Some subjects proved even more challenging: the production team had to wait two years for news to arrive of an erupting volcano, and had to suspend all other filming in the hope that it would still be alight when they reached it. Elsewhere, cameraman Hugh Miles had to put himself away from a polar bear in order to film it in close-up.
For the episode "The Sky Above", the series' makers managed to secure the services of NASA, and the use of its gravity research aircraft, affectionately known as the "Vomit Comet".
However, the most time-consuming sequence involved red-breasted geese in flight — not in terms of actual filming, but in preparing for it. The birds had to be reared by hand from birth so that they would respond to the voice of their 'mother', and this eventually enabled them to be photographed as they flew alongside a moving open-top car.
Filming techniques continued to evolve. One new piece of equipment used was a scuba diving suit with a large, fully enclosed faceplate, allowing Attenborough to speak (and be seen) underwater.
In an interview on the making of the series, Attenborough was self-effacing concerning his own contribution:
"The difficulties are not actually experienced by me, because the bits that I do are the easiest bits. [...] It's not too difficult to walk on to a rock and look at a camera and say something. The difficulties are those that are encountered by the cameramen, directors and recordists, who actually have to get an animal doing something which perhaps nobody's ever even seen before. Those are extremely difficult things to do."
Episodes.
1. "The Building of the Earth".
Broadcast 19 January 1984, the first episode begins in the world’s deepest valley: that of the Kali Gandaki river in the Himalayas. Its temperatures range from those of the tropics in its lower reaches to that of the poles higher up. It therefore shows how creatures become adapted to living in certain environments. The higher that Attenborough travels, the more bleak and mountainous is the terrain, and the more suited to it are the animals that live there. However, such adaptations are comparatively recent: these mountains were formed from the sea bed some 65 million years ago. To show the force of nature responsible for this, Attenborough stands in front of an erupting volcano in Iceland and handles a piece of basalt; the Giant's Causeway is an example of what happens to it over a great length of time. The Icelandic volcanoes represent the northern end of a fissure that is mostly underwater and runs down one side of the globe, forming volcanic islands en route where it is above sea level. It is such activity, known as plate tectonics, from deep within the Earth that pulled apart Africa and South America and created the Atlantic Ocean. Footage of the eruption of Mount St. Helens in 1980 shows what decimation it caused. However, this pales in comparison to the destruction caused by Krakatoa in 1883, which Attenborough relates in detail. When such pressure beneath the Earth shifts, it results in hot springs and caverns — which themselves support life.
2. "The Frozen World".
Broadcast 26 January 1984, this programme describes the inhospitable habitats of snow and ice. Mount Rainier in America is an example of such a place: there is no vegetation, therefore no herbivores and thus no carnivores. However, beneath its frosty surface, algae grow and some insects, such as ladybirds visit the slopes. Africa’s mountains are permanently snow-covered, and beneath peaks such as Kilimanjaro and Mount Kenya, there are communities of plants and animals. However, they endure extremes of temperature within 24 hours like no other. At night they are in danger of freezing solid, and during the day they may be robbed of moisture. Lobelias combat this by either producing pectin or insulating themselves with an abundance of leaves analogous to a fur coat. The Andes run the length of South America and are surrounded by the altiplano. On these high plains there is a large and varied population of animals. Antarctica is bigger than the whole of Europe and is for the most part devoid of life. However, its shores and waters are fertile and are home to fur seals, their main food (krill), and several species of penguin. By contrast, because of its connection to more temperate regions, the Arctic has been colonised by a large variety of species. They include Arctic Foxes, polar bears, lemmings, Snowy Owls, and the region’s most powerful hunter, the Inuit. It is also a temporary home to migratory animals, such as the caribou and snow goose.
3. "The Northern Forests".
Broadcast 2 February 1984, the next instalment examines the northern coniferous forests. The programme begins in northern Norway, 500 kilometres north of the Arctic Circle. Here, there is only just enough light for the pine trees to survive, but it is extremely cold during the winter. Pine cone seeds provide one of the few foods available at this time of year, and large herbivores such as the moose must also rely on their fat reserves. However, there are predators, including lynxes, wolverines and eagle owls. The coniferous forest grows in a belt right around the globe, some 1,900 kilometres across at its widest. On each continent, many migratory animals arrive in the spring, and even more during the summer. In years when the vole population is high, the numbers of their main predator, the owls, increase correspondingly and spread out. Further south, the warmer climate sees the pine trees give way to broad-leaved species, such as the oak and beech. More birds occupy the forest canopy during the summer than at any other time of year, feeding on a myriad of insects. At the onset of winter, many animals in these forests hibernate, and in America, Attenborough uncovers the den of a black bear, which can be asleep for six months at a time. Finally, further south still, Attenborough discovers the effects of forest fires, which are not so destructive as they appear — the areas affected rejuvenate themselves within a couple of months, with more flowers than before.
4. "Jungle".
Broadcast 16 February 1984, this episode is devoted to the jungles of the tropics. Attenborough ascends a kapok in the South American tropical rainforest to observe "the greatest proliferation of life that you can find anywhere on Earth." There are two main causes for this: warmth and wetness. As this climate is constant, there are no seasons, so trees vary greatly in their flowering cycles. However, each species does so at the same time and, because of the lack of wind, relies on birds and insects for pollination. Bromeliads have their own population of visitors, largely due to their chalice-like rosettes of leaves that hold water. This is used by some for drinking, or, as in the case of the poison dart frog, for depositing tadpoles. Attenborough also highlights those species that have perfected the art of camouflage, including phasmids. The most densely populated part of the jungle is in its uppermost reaches. Around halfway down, there is little life, apart from those that inhabit nest holes, such as macaws, or use the trunks and lianas to aid movement. The jungle floor is not very fertile as the rain washes away any nutriment from the soil. Tree roots therefore rely on a kind of compost formed from decaying leaves — a process that is greatly accelerated in the natural humidity. After a tropical storm, an aged kapok comes crashing to the ground, leaving a gap in the canopy above. The process of renewal then begins as saplings race to fill the space created.
5. "Seas of Grass".
Broadcast 23 February 1984, this programme looks at a plant of which there are some 10,000 species and which covers over a quarter of vegetated land: the grasses. It is a plant that keeps growing despite continuous grazing — because a grass leaf grows at its base, which is permanently active. At such low levels, lizards prey on insects, praying mantises eat grasshoppers, spiders hunt anything they can and dung beetles clear up the mess. Termites are among the most successful: in the savannah of Brazil, there are more termite mounds per acre than anywhere else — and where they flourish, the anteater follows. At dawn on the Brazilian campo, many open-nesting birds are vulnerable to species such as the tegu. There are few trees because of little water and during the dry season, caiman and turtles vie for space in such pools as there are. 3,000 kilometres to the north, in Venezuela, the clay soil enables the llanos to hold flood water, and some creatures, such as the capybara, relish it. Further north still, on the North American prairie, the freezing temperature of minus 46 °C means that few animals can survive it; the bison is one that can. The African plains have a greater variety and bigger concentration of grass-living animals than any other. This leads to a similar abundance of predators, and the Merle people ambush white-eared kob as they cross a river. Of the million animals that attempt the crossing over several days, some 5,000 are killed.
6. "The Baking Deserts".
Broadcast 1 March 1984, the next instalment explores the world of deserts. It begins in the largest, the Sahara, where the highest land temperatures have been recorded. Rock paintings depict creatures such as giraffes and antelopes, suggesting that at one point there was enough vegetation to support them. Now, such life has all but disappeared, with the exception of the cypress, whose roots find water deep underground. Since the night brings low temperatures, many of the creatures that live there are nocturnal. They include Fennec Foxes, geckos, jerboas and caracals. A scorpion is shown fighting a black widow spider. During the day, the desert belongs to the reptiles, which rely on the sun to warm their bodies. The Sonoran Desert is home to the Gila monster, one of the two poisonous lizards. By mid-afternoon, it's so hot that even reptiles must escape the sun's rays. However, some birds have developed methods for keeping cool. The sandgrouse evaporates moisture by fluttering its throat, while the road runner also uses its tail as a parasol. Plants that are best adapted to the habitat are the creosote bush and cacti, of which the saguaro is one of the biggest. The nomadic Tuareg people cross the Sahara from one side to the other — but can't do so unaided. They rely on the camel for transportation, as much as it needs them to periodically dig for water. Despite this, it is one of the best adapted desert animals: it can go without water for ten times as long as a man.
7. "The Sky Above".
Broadcast 8 March 1984, this episode deals with the air and those creatures that spend most of their lives in it. Attenborough begins in NASA’s gravity research aircraft to illustrate the effect of weightlessness. There are surprisingly many plants whose seeds are, in effect, lighter than air. Gossamer is the animal equivalent, spun by tiny spiders. Only the very smallest plants and animals can defy gravity, but some seeds, such as those of the sycamore, cheat this by simulating the movement of a helicopter. Many creatures are expert gliders, such as the flying frog and some species of lizard. However, those that live at grass level must use powered flight, sometimes aided with a leap, as with the grasshopper. Attenborough observes albatrosses in South Georgia exploiting the air currents above cliffs to glide all day. Heavy birds like vultures wait for the land to heat up and provide thermals before they attempt any lengthy flight. The techniques of diving birds, such as the gannet or the peregrine falcon, are shown. Migratory birds are also explored in detail, and a multitude assembles above Panama each autumn. The red-breasted goose migrates entirely overland, and so can stop for fuel every night — unlike those that cross the open ocean. Finally, Attenborough ascends 6.5 kilometres into the atmosphere in a hot air balloon. It is this space that contains the Earth’s weather, and satellite imagery is used to illustrate the formation of hurricanes and tornados.
8. "Sweet Fresh Water".
Broadcast 15 March 1984, this programme focuses on freshwater habitats. Only 3% of the world’s water is fresh, and Attenborough describes the course the Amazon, starting high up in the Andes of Peru, whose streams flow into the great river. Young rivers are by nature vigorous and dangerous: they flow fast and form rapids, thick with mud and sediment. They accumulate sand and gravel en route, and this erodes all but the hardest surrounding rocks. The Yellow River of China carries the most sediment of any river. By the time it has settled down and fallen over its last cascade, the water becomes tranquil and rich with nutrients from its banks. It begins to form lakes, and where the water flows into basins created by geological faults, they can be immense. When water reaches such areas, it loses its impetus and drops its sediment, potentially making it very fertile. Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest: 1,500 metres. In addition, 80% of its inhabitants are unique, including the Baikal Seal. There are many examples of creatures that thrive in such an environment. Predators lie in wait above the surface (kingfishers), below it (turtles), on it (water boatmen), and at its edge (fishing spiders). In its final stages, a river’s tributaries are liable to burst their banks and flood. However, some have made a virtue of this: the Marsh Arabs of Iraq construct their buildings on rafts of reeds. This allows fish, pelicans and humans to flourish in a single community.
9. "The Margins of the Land".
Broadcast 22 March 1984, this instalment details coastal environments and the effect of tides, of which the highest can be found in the Bay of Fundy in North America. In places, erosion is causing the land to retreat, while in others — such as the tropics — the expansion of mangroves causes it to advance. Mussels keep their shells closed at low tide to deter attackers but the oystercatcher is adept at dealing with them. Other estuary wading birds, which have developed a multitude of techniques for gathering food from mud flats, include godwits, curlews, dunlins, Ringed Plovers and avocets. While glasswort grows on many European tidal banks, the mangroves of the tropics are extensive. The largest forest is in the Sundarbans at the mouth of the Ganges and is 370 square metres in size. Where waves meet rocks and cliffs, the bands between low and high tides are narrow, and creatures have developed according to their dietary and safety needs. Mussels are preyed on by starfish, and so ensure that they are out of reach at low tide. Barnacles are higher still and feed on microscopic particles. On a Costa Rican beach, Attenborough observes female Ridley turtles arriving at the rate of some 5,000 an hour to deposit their eggs. Finally, he discovers the largest turtle, the giant leatherback, also laying eggs. He remarks that despite its great size, little is known about it — except that its eggs are easily plundered, thus making it an endangered species.
10. "Worlds Apart".
Broadcast 29 March 1984, this episode investigates remote islands and their inhabitants. Some islands are tips of volcanoes; others are coral atolls. Those that colonise them transform into new species with comparative speed. Attenborough visits Aldabra in the Indian Ocean, which is 400 kilometres from the African coast. It has a vast population of sooty terns, which enjoy a degree of protection from predators that is unavailable on the mainland. The giant tortoise has also proliferated, despite the inhospitable nature of the landscape. Many island birds become flightless, including the Aldabran rail and the extinct dodo of Mauritius. Living in such isolation seems to allow some species to outgrow their mainland cousins, and Attenborough observes a group of feeding Komodo dragons at close quarters. The volcanic islands of Hawaii have become rich in vegetation and therefore a multitude of colonists: for example, there are at least 800 species of drosophila that are unique to the area. Polynesians reached Hawaii well over a thousand years ago, and their sea-going culture enabled them to reach many Pacific islands, including Easter Island, where they carved the Moai, and New Zealand: the ancestors of the Māori. Attenborough highlights the kakapo as a species that was hunted to near-extinction. It is a facet of animal island dwellers that they have developed no means of self-defence, since their only predators are those that have been introduced by humans.
11. "The Open Ocean".
This programme concentrates on the marine environment. Attenborough goes underwater himself to observe the ocean's life forms and comment on them at first hand. He states that those that live on the sea bed are even more varied than land inhabitants. Much sea life is microscopic, and such creatures make up part of the marine plankton. Some animals are filter feeders and examples include the manta ray, the basking shark and the largest, the whale shark. Bony fish with their swim bladders and manoeuvrable fins dominate the seas, and the tuna is hailed as the fastest hunter, but the superiority of these types of fish did not go unchallenged: mammals are also an important component of ocean life. Killer Whales, dolphins, narwhals and Humpback Whales are shown, as well as a school of beluga whales, which congregate annually in a bay in the Canadian Arctic — for reasons unknown. Marine habitats can be just as diverse as those on dry land. Attenborough surmises that the coral reef, with its richness of life, is the water equivalent of the jungle. Where the breezes of the Gulf Stream meet those of the Arctic, the resulting currents churn up nutrients, which lead to vegetation, the fish that eat it, and others that eat them. Attenborough remarks that it is man who has been most responsible for changing ocean environments by fishing relentlessly, but in doing so has also created new ones for himself — and this leads to the final episode.
12. "New Worlds".
Broadcast 12 April 1984, the final instalment surveys those environments that have been created by and for humans. Man has spread to all corners of the globe — not because he has evolved to suit his surroundings, but because he has exploited the adaptations of other animal species. Despite being in existence for 500,000 years, it was not until 9,000 years ago that man began to create his own habitat, and in Beidha, in Jordan, Attenborough examines the remains of one of the earliest villages. Its inhabitants owned animals, and this domestication spread to Europe, eventually arriving in Britain. Much of the UK's landscape is man-made: for example, the South Downs were once a forest and the Norfolk Broads are the flooded remains of pits dug 600 years ago. Man also shaped his land by ridding himself of certain species and introducing others. He changed plants by harvesting them: the vast wheat fields of America now constitute a monoculture, where no other species are permitted. The same can be said for cities, which were constructed entirely for man's benefit. While humans are good at managing unwanted species (such as rats and other vermin), Attenborough argues that man has failed to look after natural resources and highlights the ignorance in assuming that the Earth has an infinite capacity to absorb waste. The now acidic, lifeless lakes of Scandinavia are examples that are "shameful monuments to our carelessness and lack of concern."
Merchandise.
The series is available in the UK for Regions 2 and 4 as a 4-disc DVD set (BBCDVD1234, released 1 September 2003) and as part of "The Life Collection". Its sole extra feature is a 40-minute documentary: "The Making of The Living Planet". The first episode is erroneously listed on the DVD cover as "The Furnaces of the Earth". It is also available in a 4-disc set in Region 1, released 25 November 2003 by Time-Life Video, with the episode order significantly rearranged, and Attenborough’s lead-in from one episode to the next accordingly truncated.
The accompanying book, "The Living Planet: A Portrait of the Earth" by David Attenborough (ISBN 0-563-20207-6), was published by BBC Books on 2 February 1984. In addition, "The Making of The Living Planet" by Andrew Langley (ISBN 0-04-778002-9) was published by George Allen & Unwin in 1985. Both are currently out of print.
A LP of Elizabeth Parker's score for the series, entitled "The Living Planet - Music from the BBC TV Series" was released in 1984. This is also out of print.
Miles Kington.
"One thing that distinguishes men from other living creatures is that only men make films about other living creatures, and perhaps one of the most famous and interesting of these film makers is the species known as David Attenborough. Somewhat shy and not always easy to film in his natural habitat, we're lucky here to see the David Attenborough at work on his latest and greatest project, "The Living Planet". His mission: to search out and photograph everything from volcanoes to jellyfish to explain how the Earth works. Now, for this, his habitat is totally useless. In London where he lives, in Bristol where he works, there are no volcanoes and no jellyfish, so he has to travel thousands of miles to search out his prey. Now, for this he has the necessary boundless curiosity and endless energy. What he doesn't have is the vast quantity of money and expertise that only the BBC can offer. He enjoys this rather strange, symbiotic relationship with the BBC, an odd and apparently friendly organism, whose workings we do not yet fully understand..."

</doc>
<doc id="18952422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952422" title="North American DC-3">
North American DC-3

The DC-3 was a proposed space shuttle designed by Maxime Faget at the Manned Spacecraft Center (MSC) in Houston. The design was nominally developed by North American Aviation (NAA), although it was a purely NASA-internal design.
Unlike the eventual Space Shuttle design that emerged, the DC-3 was a fully reusable two-stage-to-orbit design with a smaller payload capacity of about 12,000 lbs and limited maneuverability. Its inherent strengths were good low-speed handling during landing, and a low-risk development that was relatively immune to changes in weight and balance.
Work on the DC-3 program ended when the US Air Force joined the Shuttle program; they demanded a much greater "cross-range" maneuverability than the DC-3 could deliver, and expressed serious concerns about its stability during re-entry. NAA eventually won the Shuttle Orbiter contract, although it was based on a very different design from another team at MSC.
History.
Background.
In the mid-1960s the US Air Force conducted a series of classified studies on next-generation space transportation systems. Among their many goals, the new launchers were intended to support a continued manned military presence in space, and so needed to dramatically lower the cost of launches and increase launch rates. Selecting from a series of proposals, the Air Force concluded that semi-reusable designs were the best choice from an overall cost basis, and the Lockheed Star Clipper design was one of the most-studied examples. They proposed a development program with an immediate start on a "Class I" vehicle based on expendable boosters, followed by a slower development of a "Class II" semi-reusable design, and perhaps a "Class III" fully reusable design in the further future. Although is it estimated that the Air Force spent up to $1 billion on the associated studies, only the Class I program that proceeded to development, as the X-20 Dyna-Soar, which was later cancelled.
Not long after the Air Force studies, NASA started studying the post-Project Apollo era. A wide variety of projects were examined, many based on re-using Apollo hardware (Apollo X, Apollo Applications Program, etc.) Flush with the success of the moon landings, a series of ever-more ambitious projects gained currency, a process that was considerably expanded under the new NASA director, Thomas O. Paine. By about 1970 these had settled on the near-term launching of a 12-man space station in 1975, expanding this to a 50-man "space base" by 1980, a smaller lunar-orbiting station, and then eventually a manned mission to Mars in the 1980s. NASA awarded $2.9-million study contracts for the space stations to North American and McDonnell Douglas in July 1969.
Almost as an afterthought the idea of a small and inexpensive "logistics vehicle" for supporting these missions developed in the late 1960s. George Mueller was handed the task of developing plans for such a system, and held a one-day symposium at NASA headquarters in December 1967 to study various options. Eighty people attended and presented a wide variety of potential designs, many from the earlier Air Force work, from small Dyna-Soar like vehicles primarily carrying crew and launched on existing expendable boosters, to much larger fully reusable designs.
ILRV.
On 30 October 1968 NASA officially began work on what was then known as the "Integrated Launch and Re-entry Vehicle" (ILRV), a name they borrowed from the earlier Air Force studies. The development program was to take place in four phases; Phase A: Advanced Studies; Phase B: Project Definition; Phase C: Vehicle Design; and Phase D: Production and Operations. Four teams were to participate in Phase A; two in Phase B; and then a single prime contractor for Phases C and D. A separate Space Shuttle Main Engine (SSME) competition was to run in parallel.
NASA Houston and Huntsville jointly issued the Request for Proposal (RFP) for eight-month Phase A ILRV studies. The requirements were for 5,000 to 50,000 lb of payload to be delivered into a 500 km altitude orbit. The re-entry vehicle should have a cross range of at least 450 miles, meaning that it could fly to the left or right of its normal orbital path. General Dynamics, Lockheed, McDonnell-Douglas, Martin Marietta, and (the newly named) North American Rockwell were invited to bid. In February 1969, following study of the RFPs, Martin Marietta's entry was dropped, although they continued work on their own. The other entries were all given additional Phase A funding.
Supported by Paine's ambitious plans, in August 1969 the ILRV program was re-defined to be a "maximum effort" design, and only fully reusable designs would be accepted. This led to a second series of Phase A studies. The designs that were returned varied widely, meeting the huge payload range specified in the original RFP. Two basic fuselage designs seemed to be the most common; lifting body designs that offered high cross-range but limited maneuverability after re-entry, and delta-winged designs that reversed these criteria.
DC-3.
Faget felt that all of the proposed designs incorporated an unacceptable amount of development risk. Unlike a conventional aircraft, with separate fuselage and wings, the ILRV designs had blended wing-body layouts. This meant that changes in weight and balance, which are almost unavoidable during development, would require changes to the entire orbiter structure to compensate. He also felt that the poor low-speed handling of any of these layouts presented a real danger during landing. Upset by what he felt was a project that seemed to guarantee failure, he started work on his own design, and presented it as the DC-3.
Unlike the other entries, DC-3 was much more conventional in layout, with an almost cylindrical fuselage and low-mounted slightly swept wings. The design looked more like a cargo aircraft than a spacecraft. Re-entry was accomplished in a 60 degree nose-high attitude that presented the lower surface of the spacecraft to the airflow, using a ballistic blunt-body approach that was similar to the one Faget had successfully pioneered on the Mercury capsule. During re-entry, the wings provided little or no aerodynamic lift. After re-entry, when the spacecraft entered the lower atmosphere, it would pitch over into a conventional flying attitude, ducts would open, and jet engines would start up for landing.
The upside of this design approach was that changes in the weight and balance could be addressed simply by moving the wing or re-shaping it, a common solution that had been used for decades in aircraft design — including the original Douglas DC-3 who's wings were swept rearward for just this reason. The downside was that the spacecraft would have little hypersonic lift, so its ability to maneuver while re-entering would be limited and its cross-range would be about 300 miles. It could make up for some of this with its improved low-speed flying ability, but would still not be able to match the mandated 450 miles.
Although the DC-3 had never been part of the original ILRV plans, Faget's name was so well respected that others at NASA MSC in Houston quickly rallied around him. Other NASA departments all selected their own favorite designs, including recoverable versions of Saturn boosters developed at the Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, lifting-bodies based on the HL-10 that were favored by the Langley Research Center and Dryden Flight Research Center (Edwards), and even a single-stage-to-orbit Aerospaceplane were also proposed. From then on the entire program was beset with in-fighting between the various teams. On 1 June 1969 a report was published that attacked the DC-3 design, followed by several others over the remainder of the year. In spite of this, North American quickly took up the DC-3 design, having learned over the years that the best way to win a NASA contract was to make whatever design Faget favored. They won contract NAS9-9205 to develop the DC-3 in December 1969.
In order to clear the logjam developing between the departments, on 23 January 1970 a meeting was held in Houston to study all of the in-house concepts. Over the next year a number of proposed designs would be dropped, including the entire series of lifting-body-derived vehicles as it proved too difficult to fit cylindrical tanks into the airframe. This left two basic approaches, delta wings and Faget's DC-3 series. Development of the DC-3 continued, with a drop tests of a 1/10 scale model starting on 4 May.
Space Task Group.
On 12 February 1969 Richard Nixon formed the Space Task Group under the direction of Vice President Spiro Agnew, giving them the task of selecting missions for a post-Apollo NASA. Agnew quickly became a proponent of NASA's ambitious plans that would culminate in a Mars attempt. The Task Group's final report, delivered on 11 September 1969, outlined three broad plans; the first required funding at $8 to $ 10 billion a year and would fulfill all of NASA's goals, the second would reduce this to $8 billion or less if the manned lunar orbiting station was dropped, and finally the third would require only $5 billion a year and would develop only the space stations and shuttle.
At first Nixon did not comment on the plans. Later he demanded that the program be greatly reduced even from the smallest of the Task Group's proposals, forcing them to select either the space base "or" the shuttle. Discussing the problem, NASA engineers concluded that the development of a shuttle would lower the cost of launching portions of the space station, so it seemed that proceeding with the shuttle might make the future development of the station more likely. However, NASA's estimates of the shuttle development costs were met with great skepticism by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). Studies by RAND in 1970 showed that there was no benefit to developing a reusable spacecraft when development costs were taken into account. The report concluded that a manned station would be more cheaply supported with expendable boosters.
By this time Paine had left NASA to return to General Electric, and had been replaced by the more pragmatic James Fletcher. Fletcher ordered independent reviews of the shuttle concept; Lockheed was to prepare a report on how the shuttle could reduce payload costs, Aerospace Corporation was to make an independent report on development and operational costs, and Mathematica would later combine these two into a final definitive report. Mathematica's report was extremely positive; it showed that development of a fully reusable design would lower the per-launch cost, thereby reducing payload costs and driving up demand. However, the report was based on a greatly increased rate of launch; inherent in the math was the fact that lower launch rates would completely upset any advantage. Nevertheless, the report was extremely influential, and made the shuttle program an ongoing topic of discussion in Washington.
Looking to shore up support for the program, Fletcher directed NASA to develop the shuttle to be able to support the Air Force's requirements as well, as initially developed in their "Class III" fully reusable vehicles. If the shuttle became vital to the Air Force as well as NASA, it would be effectively unkillable. The Air Force's requirements were based about a projected series of large spy satellites then under development, which were 60 feet long and weighed 40,000 lbs. They needed to be launched into polar orbits, corresponding to a normal launch from Kennedy Space Center (KSC) of 65,000 lbs (launches to the east receive a free boost from the Earth's natural rotation). The Air Force also demanded a cross-range capability of 1,500 miles.
End of DC-3.
The new Air Force cross-range requirements doomed the DC-3 design.
Spacecraft orbit around the center of the Earth, not the surface. If a spacecraft is launched due East from the equator into a 90 minute low-Earth orbit, it will circle the Earth and return to the spot where it was launched 90 minutes later. During this time, however, the launch site will have moved due to the Earth's rotation. Over the 90 minute period, the Earth will rotate about 1,500 miles, so by the time one full orbit has completed the launch point will be in front of the spacecraft. However, at 17,000 mph the spacecraft will quickly cover this ground, by simply remaining in orbit a few moments longer, it will catch up to the launch point.
At KSC's ~30 degree north latitude the picture is similar. Over the same 90 minute orbit KSC will rotate about 1,200 miles. Unlike the equatorial orbit case, however, letting the spacecraft stay in the inclined orbit a little longer will start taking it south of the launch site, its closest point of approach being about 300 miles to the south west. A spacecraft wishing to return to its launch site will need about 300 miles of cross-range maneuverability during re-entry, and the NASA shuttle designs demanded about 450 miles in order to have some working room.
Polar orbits from the Air Force's Vandenberg Air Force Base are another matter entirely. Located slightly north of KSC, the distance it would move over a single orbit would be similar, but critically, the shuttle would be traveling south, not east. This meant that it was not flying toward the launch point as it traveled in its orbit, and when it completed one orbit it would have to make up the entire 1,200 miles during re-entry. These missions required a dramatically improved cross-range capability, set at 1,500 miles to give it a slight excess capability. The ballistic re-entry profile of the DC-3 series simply could not come close to matching this requirement.
On 1 May 1971 the OMB finally released a budget plan, limiting NASA to $3.2 billion per year for the next five years. Given existing project budgets, this limited any spending on the shuttle to about $1 billion a year, far less than required to develop any of the completely reusable designs. Based on these constraints, NASA returned to a Class II-like vehicle with external tankage, which led to the MSC-020 design. Later that year all straight-wing designs were officially abandoned, although Faget's team continued to work on them for some time in spite of this.
Description.
The DC-3 was a two-stage vehicle with a large booster and smaller shuttle of overall similar design. Both were similar to "jumbo jets" in layout in general terms, with their large cylindrical fuselage containing fuel tanks instead of passengers or cargo. The bottom of the fuselage was flattened for re-entry aerodynamics, with a slight upward curve as you approached the nose in early models. The wings were low-mounted, in-line with the bottom of the fuselage, with a 14 degree rearward sweep on the front and no sweep on the back. The general layout of the wing planform was similar to the original DC-3. The empennage was a conventional three-surface unit, although in the original MSC-001 design the delta-shaped horizontal stabilizer was located at the bottom of the fuselage and served double-duty in protecting the rear-mounted engines during re-entry. Later versions did not generally include this feature, and used more conventional surfaces mid-mounted on the fuselage.
The orbiter carried a crew of two, and had accommodations for up to ten passengers. A cargo area was mounted in the middle of the craft between the liquid hydrogen (LH2) tank behind it, and a combined LH2/liquid oxygen tank in front of it. This arrangement was used in order to center the cargo over the wing, with the heavier oxygen and crew compartment balancing the weight of the engines. The lighter weight hydrogen then filled out the rest of the internal space. The booster had no cargo area, so it used a simpler arrangement of tankage with a single LH2 tank at the rear. The booster normally flew unmanned, but included a two-man cockpit area that was used during ferry flights.
The orbiter was powered by two modified XLR-129 engines with the thrust increased from 250,000 to 300,000 lbf, two 15,000 lbf RL-10 orbital manoeuvring engines, and six Rolls-Royce RB162 jet engines for landing. The booster used eleven of the same XLR-129 engines, and four Pratt & Whitney JT8D for landing. XLR-129s on both the shuttle and booster were fired for take-off. The orbiter was mounted relatively far forward for launch, its tail in-line with the booster's wings. The combined weight at launch would be about 2,030 tons.
The orbiter would re-enter nose-high at an angle of about 60 degrees above horizontal, decelerating at a peak of 2G until it reached low subsonic speeds at 40,000 ft. At this point the forward speed of the craft would be very low, so the nose was pitched down and the orbiter dove to pick up airspeed over the wings and transition to level flight. Expected re-entry heating rates on the orbiter were 1650 deg C on the leading edge, and 790 deg C over 80% of the lower surface.
In order to maximize overall performance, the booster released the orbiter at Mach 10 and 45 miles altitude. This required the booster to carry a complete thermal protection system in order to re-enter for landing. Both the orbiter and booster were to be protected with the LI-1500 silica tiles similar to those eventually used on the Space Shuttle, a design that had recently been introduced by Lockheed and quickly became a baseline design for all of the shuttle contenders. As a result, both airframes were able to be built out of aluminum, greatly reducing airframe cost.
Both craft carried just enough JP-4 for landing go-around. Both could also carry increased loads of JP-4 for test flights or ferrying. After dispatching the orbiter the booster would be too far down-range to easily turn around and return to Kennedy, so the normal mission profile had it coast across the ocean, land automatically, refuel and pick up a crew, and then be flown back to Kennedy on its JT8D engines.
Lockheed estimated that development and initial production would cost $5.912 billion over a period from 1970 to 1975. A fleet of six orbiters and four boosters would have supported a launch rate of 50 flights per year.

</doc>
<doc id="18952423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952423" title="Béla Drahos">
Béla Drahos

Béla Drahos (born 1955 in Kaposvár, Hungary) is a Hungarian conductor and flautist.
Biography.
Drahos started out as a flautist, joining the orchestra in his hometown when he was just 8 years old. At the age of 12 he became the principal flautist, and as a young man he won several flute competitions. He didn't make his conducting debut until 1992 with an all-Beethoven programme. His first recording as a conductor was a disc of three Haydn symphonies for Naxos Records. He has also been soloist and conductor in a disc of Vivaldi flute concerti, as well as conducting flute concerti by Leopold Hofmann with another soloist. Moreover, he worked with the Hungarian composer Robert Gulya and the Austrian guitarist Johanna Beisteiner and published recordings with them for Gramy Records. He was conductor during the recording of the critically acclaimed soundtrack of ' and ', composed by Jesper Kyd and performed by the Budapest Symphony Orchestra and Hungarian Radio Choir.

</doc>
<doc id="18952424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952424" title="The Private Life of Plants">
The Private Life of Plants

The Private Life of Plants is a BBC nature documentary series written and presented by David Attenborough, first shown in the United Kingdom from 11 January 1995.
A study of the growth, movement, reproduction and survival of plants, it was the second of Attenborough's specialised surveys following his major trilogy that began with "Life on Earth". Each of the six 50-minute episodes discusses aspects of a plant's life-cycle, using examples from around the world.
The series was produced in conjunction with Turner Broadcasting. The executive producer was Mike Salisbury and the music was composed by Richard Grassby-Lewis. In 1995, it won a George Foster Peabody Award in the category "Television".
Part of David Attenborough's 'Life' series of programmes, it was preceded by "Life in the Freezer" (1993), and followed by "The Life of Birds" (1998).
Background.
The series utilises time-lapse sequences extensively in order to grant insights that would otherwise be almost impossible. Plants live on a different time scale, and even though their life is highly complex and often surprising, most of it is invisible to humans unless events that happen over months or even years are shown within seconds. Like many traditional wildlife documentaries, it makes use of almost no computer animation. The series also discusses fungi, although as it is pointed out, these do not belong to the kingdom of plants.
The mechanisms of evolution are taught transparently by showing the advantages of various types of plant behaviour in action. The adaptations are often complex, as it becomes clear that the environment to which plants must adapt comprises not just soil, water and weather, but also other plants, fungi, insects and other animals, and even humans. The series shows that co-operative strategies are often much more effective than predatory ones, as these often lead to the prey developing methods of self-defence — from plants growing spikes to insects learning to recognise mimicry. Yet humans can work around all these rules of nature, so Attenborough concludes with a plea to preserve plants, in the interest of self-preservation.
In the 2002 documentary "Life on Air", Keith Scholey, the head of the BBC Natural History Unit, relates that he and his team had been wondering about an ecology series that included plants, and found that Attenborough had been thinking along the same lines:
"So we went to his house and David, as always, listened to our idea and, you know, nodded and was very complimentary about it and said that 'Actually, I was thinking about something a little bit bolder.' And sure enough, by the end of lunch, we'd all signed up to do six hours on plants."
In the same programme, Attenborough also confessed that he conceived the series partly to realise a long-cherished ambition: to visit Mount Roraima, which is featured in the last episode.
Attenborough knew that the subject matter had not been covered in depth on television before, and in his autobiography, "Life on Air", told of how he hit on the idea of time-lapse photography to illustrate it:
"There were, of course, gardening programmes on the BBC's schedules, but they did not deal with the basic facts of botany, or explain how plants feed, how they reproduce and distribute themselves, how they form alliances with particular animals. The reason was only too obvious. How could you construct the dramatic narratives needed for a successful television documentary series if your main characters are rooted to the ground and barely move? Thinking about this, it suddenly struck me that plants do move and very dramatically."
Outdoors time-lapse photography presents a unique set of challenges: the varying light and temperatures in particular can cause many problems. To film bluebells under a canopy of beech trees, for example, cameraman Richard Kirby covered them with a thick canvas tent that was lit from within to simulate daylight. He then used a motion-controlled camera to obtain a tracking shot, moving it slightly after each exposure.
Episodes.
1. "Travelling".
Broadcast 11 January 1995, the first episode looks at how plants are able to move. The bramble is an aggressive example: it advances forcefully from side to side and, once settled on its course, there is little that can stand in its way. An altogether faster species is the birdcage plant, which inhabits Californian sand dunes. When its location becomes exposed, it shifts at great speed to another one with the assistance of wind — and it is this that allows many forms of vegetation to distribute their seeds. While not strictly a plant, the spores of fungi are also spread in a similar fashion. One of the most successful (and intricate) flowers to use the wind is the dandelion, whose seeds travel with the aid of 'parachutes'. They are needed to travel miles away from their parents, who are too densely packed to allow any new arrivals. Trees have the advantage of height to send their seeds further, and the cottonwood is shown as a specialist in this regard. The humidity of the tropical rainforest creates transportation problems, and the liana-species Alsomitra macrocarpa is one plant whose seeds are aerodynamic 'gliders'. Some, such as those of the sycamore, take the form of 'helicopters', while others, such as the squirting cucumber release their seeds by 'exploding'. Water is also a widely used method of propulsion. The tropical sea bean Entada gigas has one of the biggest fruits of all plants and is dispersed by water streams. However, most plants use living couriers, whether they be dogs, humans and other primates, ants or birds, etc., and to that end, they use colour and smell to signify when they are ripe for picking.
2. "Growing".
Broadcast 18 January 1995, this programme is about how plants gain their sustenance. Sunlight is one of the essential requirements if a seed is to germinate, and Attenborough highlights the cheese plant as an example whose young shoots head for the nearest tree trunk and then climb to the top of the forest canopy, developing its leaves en route. Using sunshine, air, water and a few minerals, the leaves are, in effect, the "factories" that produce food. However, some, such as the begonia, can thrive without much light. To gain moisture, plants typically use their roots to probe underground. Trees pump water up pipes that run inside their trunks, and Attenborough observes that a sycamore can do this at the rate of 450 litres an hour — in total silence. Too much rainfall can clog up a leaf's pores, and many have specially designed 'gutters' to cope with it. However, their biggest threat is from animals, and some require extreme methods of defence, such as spines, camouflage, or poison. Some can move quickly to deter predators: the mimosa can fold its leaves instantly when touched, and the Venus flytrap eats insects by closing its leaves around its prey when triggered. Another carnivorous plant is the trumpet pitcher that snares insects when they fall into its tubular leaves. Attenborough visits Borneo to see the largest pitcher of them all, "Nepenthes rajah", whose traps contain up to two litres of water and have been known to kill small rodents.
3. "Flowering".
Broadcast 25 January 1995, the next instalment is devoted to the ways in which plants reproduce. Pollen and a stigma are the two components needed for fertilisation. Most plants carry both these within their flowers and rely on animals to transport the pollen from one to the stigma of another. To do this, they attract their couriers with colour, scent and nectar. It isn't just birds that help pollination: some mammals and reptiles also do so. However, it is mostly insects that are recruited to carry out the task. To ensure that pollen is not wasted by being delivered to the wrong flower, some species of plant have developed exclusive relationships with their visitors, and the gentian and its attendant carpenter bees is one example. Since pollen can be expensive to produce in terms of calories, some plants, such as orchids, ration it by means of pollinia and a strategically placed landing platform. Other orchids offer no reward for pollination, but instead mislead their guests by mimicking their markings and aroma, thus enticing males to 'mate' with them (Pseudocopulation). The most extreme fertilisation method is one of imprisonment, and one plant that uses it is the dead horse arum. It is often found near gull colonies, and mimics the appearance and smell of rotting flesh. Blow-flies are attracted to it, and are forced to stay the night before being allowed to depart in the morning, laden with pollen. Finally, Attenborough introduces the world's largest inflorescence: that of the titan arum.
4. "The Social Struggle".
Broadcast 1 February 1995, this episode examines how plants either share environments harmoniously or compete for dominance within them. Attenborough highlights the 1987 hurricane and the devastation it caused. However, for some species, it was that opportunity for which they had lain dormant for many years. The space left by uprooted trees is soon filled by others who move relatively swiftly towards the light. The oak is one of the strongest and longest-lived, and other, lesser plants nearby must wait until the spring to flourish before the light above is extinguished by leaves. Tropical forests are green throughout the year, so brute force is needed for a successful climb to the top of the canopy: the rattan is an example that has the longest stem of any plant. As its name suggests, the strangler fig 'throttles' its host by growing around it and cutting off essential water and light. Some can take advantage of a fallen tree by setting down roots on the now horizontal trunk and getting nutriment from the surrounding moss and the fungi on the dead bark. The mountain ash (eucalyptus regnans) grows so tall, that regeneration becomes a considerable problem. It is easily flammable, so its solution is to shed its seeds during a forest fire and sacrifice itself. It therefore relies on the periodic near-destruction of its surroundings in order to survive. Attenborough observes that catastrophes such as fire and drought, while initially detrimental to wildlife, eventually allow for deserted habitats to be reborn.
5. "Living Together".
Broadcast 8 February 1995, the fifth programme explores the alliances formed between the animal and plant worlds. Attenborough dives into Australia's Great Barrier Reef and contrasts the nocturnal feeding of coral, on microscopic creatures, with its daytime diet of algae. Some acacias are protected by ants, which will defend their refuge from any predator. Besides accommodation, the guards are rewarded with nectar and, from certain species, protein for their larvae as well. Fungi feed on plants but can also provide essential nutriment to saplings (Mycorrhiza). The connection is never broken throughout a tree's life and a quarter of the sugars and starches produced in its leaves is channelled back to its fungal partners. Meanwhile, fungi that feed on dead wood leave a hollow trunk, which also benefits the tree. Orchids enjoy a similar affiliation. Lichens are the product of a relationship between fungi and a photosynthetic associate, usually algae. They are extremely slow-growing, and a graveyard is the perfect location to discover their exact longevity. Mistletoe is a hemiparasite that obtains its moisture from a host tree, while using own leaves to manufacture food. Its seeds are deposited on another by the mistletoe tyrannulet, following digestion of the fruit. The dodder ("Cuscuta") is also parasitic, generally favouring nettles, and siphons its nourishment through periodic 'plugs' along its stem. The rafflesia has no stem or leaves and only emerges from its host in order to bloom — and it produces the largest single flower: one metre across.
6. "Surviving".
Broadcast 15 February 1995, the final episode deals with plants that live in hostile environments. Attenborough visits Ellesmere Island, north of the Arctic Circle, to demonstrate that even in a place that is unconducive to life, it can be found. Algae and lichens grow in or on rock, and during summer, when the ice melts, flowers are much more apparent. However, they must remain close to the ground to stay out of the chilling wind. In the Tasmanian mountains, plants conserve heat by growing into 'cushions' that act as solar panels, with as many as a million individual shoots grouped together as one. Others, such as the lobelia in Mount Kenya, have a 'fur coat' of dense hairs on their leaves. The saguaro cactus in the Sonoran Desert flourishes because of its ability to retain vast amounts of water, which can't be lost through leaves because it has none. Many desert dwellers benefit from an accelerated life cycle, blooming rapidly within weeks after rainfall. Conversely, Mount Roraima is one of the wettest places on Earth. It is a huge sandstone plateau with high waterfalls and nutrients are continuously washed away, so plants have to adapt their diet if they are to survive. A bladderwort is shown invading a bromeliad. Inhabitants of lakes have other problems to contend with: those that dominate the surface will proliferate, and the Amazon water lily provides an apt illustration. Attenborough ends the series with an entreaty for the conservation of plant species.
DVD and book.
The series is available in the UK for Regions 2 and 4 as a 2-disc DVD (BBCDVD1235, released 1 September 2003) and as part of "The Life Collection". The extra features include a promotional interview for the series given by David Attenborough on the BBC children's series "Blue Peter", and a 'behind the scenes' vignette.
The accompanying book, "The Private Life of Plants" by David Attenborough (ISBN 0-563-37023-8), was published by BBC Books on 8 December 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18952437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952437" title="CBBC (TV channel)">
CBBC (TV channel)

CBBC is a BBC Television channel aimed at 6 to 12 year olds. Launched on 11 February 2002, it broadcasts from 7am to 7pm on Freeview, cable, IPTV and digital satellite, occupying the same bandwidth as, but a different channel position from BBC Three. CBeebies is its sister service for younger children. Since 27 March 2013, CBBC has been carried by the British Forces Broadcasting Service (BFBS), sharing a channel with BBC Two.
The channel was named "Channel of the Year" at the Children's BAFTA awards in November 2008. The channel averages 300,000 viewers daily. 
History.
The CBBC strand was originally launched on 9 September 1985 on BBC One, and was eventually launched as a separate channel running alongside the strand in 2002 on all major platforms. It had to share bandwidth with another channel on the DTT platform: this was initially BBC Knowledge on the ITV Digital platform, but following their collapse, the channel shared bandwidth with BBC Choice on the replacement system Freeview. In both cases, the channels could be accessed by separate numbers.
From launch, the channel was notably separate from the strand it was created from. While on screen both used the same logos and many of the same presenters, the studios were different: the new channel using TC2 while the strand used the purpose built TC9. TC2 however was shared by the channel so other programmes, such as short Newsround bulletins, as well as the magazine show "Xchange" also came from the studio.
Throughout the channel's life, the channel became less and less distinctive from its strand counterpart and resources were reduced: the continuity presenters were reduced in number from two to one, with Simon Grant, Matt Edmondson and Angellica Bell leaving as CBBC studio presenters without being replaced, and the studios were replaced with a colour separation overlay (CSO) set in studio TC12. In 2007, the BBC confirmed plans for a major rebrand of CBBC, with new channel idents and presentation launching on 3 September 2007.
Towards the latter part of its life, the channel has increased its accessibility to its audience: the new look links the service to the website heavily, and the rebrand of the website in 2011 has increased this access. On 22 August 2008, the BBC Press Office announced that the channel would be available live on the CBBC website from 16 September, with the possibility that the channels hours may extend to 9.00pm being announced as part of the BBC's review in strategy on 2 March 2010. CBBC's reach further expanded with the addition of the channel on the Sky EPG in the Republic of Ireland on 12 May 2011. On the same day BBC Three, BBC Four and CBeebies were also added to the Irish EPG.
Around 2011 when the CBBC Website was remade with a new look some popular games like Cartoon Works were removed from website and many changes were made
Management.
Along with CBBC, the CBBC channel is operated by the BBC Children's department within the BBC and is part of the BBC North group. BBC Children's was originally based in the East Tower of BBC Television Centre since the departments inception, but moved to MediaCityUK in Salford in September 2011, and the live presentation links used throughout the day are now recorded and broadcast from there. The channel is answerable to the CBBC Channel controller Damian Kavanagh, in post since 2009, and to the director of BBC Children's Joe Godwin, appointed in 2009 and in charge of the whole direction of the channel and its strand counterpart.
Programming.
The CBBC channel's programming output is very similar to the strand shown on BBC One. The channel often complements this strand with programmes shown earlier than on the terrestrial channels, repeats or whole series shown in a day, alongside other exclusive commissions.
Most viewed programmes.
The following is a list of the ten most watched shows on CBBC, based on Live +7 data supplied by BARB.
Class TV.
As part of the channel's original remit, the channel originally needed to show 100 hours a year of factual and schools programmes. The service managed this by introducing the "Class TV" strand to the channel, which would air educational programming for approximately two hours each day in the late morning, with normal programming resuming in the early afternoon. Much of this programming was old BBC Schools programming shown, in some cases, decades before and which was for the most part still relevant. Very little new schools programmes were commissioned.
Presentation.
The CBBC channel has had relatively similar presentation to that of its strand counterpart. The logo has consistently remained the same as the service; green coloured blobs at the beginning of its life and the current green and white logo since September 2007. The channel has mainly utilised presenters from the main service, with a few presenters appearing mostly on the new channel; Gemma Hunt and Anne Foy being notable examples and appearing consistently until August 2007. At the beginning of September 2007, along with the relaunch, the same presenters of the CBBC channel would also feature on the CBBC on BBC One and Two.
When the channel launched, presentation was located in TC2 at BBC Television Centre, where the channel shared studio facilities with the channel's original magazine show "Xchange". This changed in Autumn 2004, when the channel moved to TC9 following the normal CBBC links move to TC10; however this was changed in March 2006 so that all CBBC and CBBC channel links were located in TC9. A further change was to take place on 4 December 2006 when all output moved to a Chroma key set within TC12, and was presented by only one presenter. This short live decision lasted until the 2007 relaunch, which involved a new 'office' set being constructed, initially in TC12 and then in a new studio facility in the East Tower of Television Centre.
In 2011, the CBBC Channel moved to MediaCityUK and has been presented from there since 5 September 2011.
CBBC HD.
On 16 July 2013, the BBC announced that a high-definition (HD) simulcast of CBBC would be launched by early 2014. The channel launched on 10 December 2013. The channel broadcasts on the BBC's existing HD multiplex on Freeview and shares its stream with BBC Three HD as they air at different times. Prior to launch, the majority of CBBC's HD output was broadcast on BBC HD before its closure on 26 March 2013.
The HD channel was not added to the Sky EPG in The Republic of Ireland.
Other services.
CBBC Extra.
As from 2013 CBBC Extra Is now also accessed by the CBBC Website 
CBBC Extra is a free interactive television service from CBBC provided by the BBC Red Button. It is accessible from the CBBC channel by pressing red and then selecting CBBC Extra from the main menu. It can also be accessed from any other BBC channel by pressing red and going to page number 570. The service differs across digital platforms, for example Sky viewers can access a video loop. Its availability on Freeview is dependent upon BBC Red Button not showing other interactive services, such as major sports events coverage.
The service offers numerous features including a CBBC Quiz, Horoscopes, Agony Uncle Chris, viewer content and jokes and other interactive elements.
CBBC Online.
The CBBC website provides a wide range of activities for viewers aged 6–12, such as games, videos, puzzles, printable pages, pre-moderated message boards and frequently updated news feeds. It contains pages for the majority of its current programming with various content on each. There are also micro-sites from Newsround and Sportsround, providing children with news and sport, as well as the CBBC iPlayer to replay CBBC programmes for up to seven days.

</doc>
<doc id="18952443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952443" title="Osmoregulation">
Osmoregulation

Osmoregulation is the active regulation of the osmotic pressure of an organism's fluids to maintain the homeostasis of the organism's water content; that is, it keeps the organism's fluids from becoming too diluted or too concentrated. Osmotic pressure is a measure of the tendency of water to move into one solution from another by osmosis. The higher the osmotic pressure of a solution, the more water tends to move into it. Pressure must be exerted on the hypertonic side of a selectively permeable membrane to prevent diffusion of water by osmosis from the side containing pure water.
Organisms in aquatic and terrestrial environments must maintain the right concentration of solutes and amount of water in their body fluids; this involves excretion (getting rid of metabolic wastes and other substances such as hormones that would be toxic if allowed to accumulate in the blood) through organs such as the skin and the kidneys. 
Regulators and conformers.
Two major types of osmoregulation are osmoconformers and osmoregulators. Osmoconformers match their body osmolarity to their environment actively or passively. Most marine invertebrates are osmoconformers, although their ionic composition may be different from that of seawater.
Osmoregulators tightly regulate their body osmolarity, which always stays constant, and are more common in the animal kingdom. Osmoregulators actively control salt concentrations despite the salt concentrations in the environment. An example is freshwater fish. The gills actively uptake salt from the environment by the use of mitochondria-rich cells. Water will diffuse into the fish, so it excretes a very hypotonic (dilute) urine to expel all the excess water. A marine fish has an internal osmotic concentration lower than that of the surrounding seawater, so it tends to lose water and gain salt. It actively excretes salt out from the gills. Most fish are stenohaline, which means they are restricted to either salt or fresh water and cannot survive in water with a different salt concentration than they are adapted to. However, some fish show a tremendous ability to effectively osmoregulate across a broad range of salinities; fish with this ability are known as euryhaline species, e.g., salmon. Salmon has been observed to inhabit two utterly disparate environments — marine and fresh water — and it is inherent to adapt to both by bringing in behavioral and physiological modifications.
Some marine fish, like sharks, have adopted a different, efficient mechanism to conserve water, i.e., osmoregulation. They retain urea in their blood in relatively higher concentration. Urea is damaging to living tissue so, to cope with this problem, some fish retain "trimethylamine oxide". This provides a better solution to urea's toxicity. Sharks, having slightly higher solute concentration (i.e., above 1000 mOsm which is sea solute concentration), do not drink water like fresh water fish.
Osmoregulation in plants.
While there are no specific osmoregulatory organs in higher plants, the stomata are important in regulating water loss through evapotranspiration, and on the cellular level the vacuole is crucial in regulating the concentration of solutes in the cytoplasm. Strong winds, low humidity and high temperatures all increase evapotranspiration from leaves. Abscisic acid is an important hormone in helping plants to conserve water — it causes stomata to close and stimulates root growth so that more water can be absorbed. 
Plants share with animals the problems of obtaining water but, unlike in animals, the loss of water in plants is crucial to create a driving force to move nutrients from the soil to tissues. Certain plants have evolved methods of water conservation. 
Xerophytes are plants that can survive in dry habitats, such as deserts, and are able to withstand prolonged periods of water shortage. Succulent plants such as the cacti store water in the vacuoles of large parenchyma tissues. Other plants have leaf modifications to reduce water loss, such as needle-shaped leaves, sunken stomata, and thick, waxy cuticles as in the pine. The sand-dune marram grass has rolled leaves with stomata on the inner surface. 
Hydrophytes are plants in water habitats. They mostly grow in water or in wet or damp places. In these plants the water absorption occur through the whole surface of the plant, e.g. the water lily.
Halophytes are plants living in marshy areas (close to sea). They have to absorb water from such a soil which has higher salt concentration and therefore lower water potential(higher osmotic pressure). Halophytes cope with this situation by activating salts in their roots. As a consequence, the cells of the roots develop lower water potential which brings in water by osmosis. The excess salt can be stored in cells or excreted out from salt glands on leaves. The salt thus secreted by some species help them to trap water vapours from the air, which is absorbed in liquid by leaf cells. Therefore this is another way of obtaining additional water from air, e.g. glasswort and cord-grass.
Mesophytes are plants living in lands of temperate zone, which grow in well-watered soil. They can easily compensate the water lost by transpiration through absorbing water from the soil. To prevent excessive transpiration they have developed a waterproof external covering called cuticle.
Osmoregulation in animals.
Kidneys play a very large role in human osmoregulation by regulating the amount of water reabsorbed from glomerular filtrate in kidney tubules, which is controlled by hormones such as antidiuretic hormone (ADH), aldosterone, and angiotensin II. For example, a decrease in water potential of blood is detected by osmoreceptors in hypothalamus, which stimulates ADH release from pituitary gland to increase the permeability of the wall of the collecting ducts in the kidneys. Therefore a large proportion of water is reabsorbed from fluid to prevent a fair proportion of water from being excreted.
A major way animals have evolved to osmoregulate is by controlling the amount of water lost through the excretory system.
Osmoregulation in protists.
Amoeba make use of contractile vacuoles to collect excretory waste, such as ammonia, from the intracellular fluid by diffusion and active transport. As osmotic action pushes water from the environment into the cytoplasm, the vacuole moves to the surface and disposes the contents into the environment.
Osmoregulation in bacteria.
Bacteria respond to osmotic stress by rapidly accumulating electrolytes or small organic solutes via transporters whose activities are stimulated by increases in osmolarity. The bacteria may also turn on genes encoding transporters of osmolytes and enzymes that synthesize osmoprotectants. The in the model organism "E. coli" is well described.
Vertebrate excretory systems.
Waste products of the nitrogen metabolism.
Ammonia is a toxic by-product of protein metabolism and is generally converted to less toxic substances after it is produced then excreted; mammals convert ammonia to urea, whereas birds and reptiles form uric acid to be excreted with other wastes via their cloacas.
Achieving osmoregulation in vertebrates.
Four processes occur: 

</doc>
<doc id="18952452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952452" title="Coneweb spider">
Coneweb spider

The coneweb spiders of the family Diguetidae are six-eyed haplogyne (lacking hardened female genitalia, or epigyne) spiders that live in tangled space webs. They fashion a cone-like central retreat in which they hide and lay eggs. The family is small (two genera and only 15 species) and is confined to the New World, where it is usually found in deserts. Members of the genus "Diguetia" usually build their webs in shrubs or between cactus pads. Although they have the same eye arrangement as the venomous recluse spiders (family "Sicariidae"), none of these genera are known to be harmful to humans.
The Diguetidae are sometimes considered a subfamily of the Plectreuridae.

</doc>
<doc id="18952458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952458" title="Cyclura">
Cyclura

Cyclura is a genus of lizards from the family Iguanidae. Members of this genus are known as "cyclurids" or more commonly as rock iguanas and only occur on islands in the West Indies. Rock iguanas have a high degree of endemism, with a single species or subspecies restricted to individual islands.
Taxonomy.
The generic name ("Cyclura") is derived from the Ancient Greek "cyclos" (κύκλος) meaning "circular" and "ourá" (οὐρά) meaning "tail", after the thick-ringed tail characteristic of all "Cyclura".
Currently there are nine described species and eight subspecies identified in this genus.
Habitat.
Rock iguanas most often inhabit subtropical areas of West Indian dry forest biomes characterized by eroded limestone and sparse vegetation ranging from only moderately dry acacia forest to much drier mesquite and cactus habitats. These are nonvolcanic islands made up of heavily eroded limestone which form natural caves that the iguanas use as retreats.
Diet and longevity.
All rock iguanas are herbivorous, consuming leaves, flowers, berries, and fruits from different plant species. A study in 2000 by Allison Alberts of the San Diego Zoo revealed that seeds passing through the digestive tracts of rock iguanas germinate more rapidly than those that do not. These seeds in the fruits consumed by cycluras have an adaptive advantage by sprouting before the end of very short rainy seasons. The iguanas are an important means of distributing these seeds to new areas (particularly if females migrate to nesting sites) and, as the largest native herbivores of many island ecosystems, they are essential for maintaining the balance between climate and vegetation. Their diet is very rarely supplemented with insect larvae, crabs, slugs, dead birds, and fungi; individual animals do appear to be opportunistic carnivores.
Like other herbivorous lizards, the rock iguanas are presented with a special problem for osmoregulation: plant matter contains more potassium and has less nutritional content per gram than meat so more must be eaten to meet the lizard's metabolic needs. Unlike mammals, reptile kidneys cannot concentrate urine to save on water intake. Instead reptiles excrete toxic nitrogenous wastes as solid uric acid through their cloaca. In the case of the rock iguana which consumes large amounts of vegetation, these excess salt ions are excreted through their salt gland in the same manner as birds.
The record for the longest lived captive-born rock iguana is held by a Lesser Caymans iguana, which lived for 33 years in captivity.
A blue iguana captured on Grand Cayman in 1950 by naturalist Ira Thompson was imported to the United States in 1985 by Ramon Noegel and sold to reptile importer and breeder, Tom Crutchfield. Crutchfield loaned this iguana to the Gladys Porter Zoo in Brownsville, Texas in 1997. The lizard was named Godzilla by the zoo staff and was kept until his death in 2004. Thompson estimated the iguana to be 15 years of age at the time of its capture. This lizard may have been the word's longest-living recorded lizard at 69 years of age, having spent 54 years in captivity.
Reproduction.
All speciesof "Cyclura" are sexually dimorphic; males are larger than females, and have more prominent dorsal crests as well as larger femoral pores on their thighs, which are used to release pheromones.
Although the particulars vary slightly among species and subspecies, the rock iguanas reach sexual maturity at three to seven years of age. Females become sexually mature at two to five years of age. Males can be highly territorial with the notable exception of the Exuma Island iguana. Mating takes place at the beginning of or just prior to the first rainy season of the year (May to June) and lasts for two to three weeks. Females lay from 2 to 34 eggs, with an average clutch size of 17 within 40 days. Females of most species guard their nests for several days after laying their eggs, and incubation lasts approximately 85 days. It has been noted that "Cyclura" eggs are among the largest lizard eggs produced in the world.
Conservation status.
Every species and subspecies of rock iguana is endangered. Nine of these taxa are Critically Endangered, meaning there are fewer than 250 of each species or subspecies left in wild populations and in danger of Extinction, four taxa are endangered and three species have been identified as Vulnerable, one species is believed to be extinct in the wild. In addition to small numbers typical of endemic island-dwelling animals, wild populations of these lizards are directly and indirectly impacted by land development, overgrazing by domestic and feral livestock and predation by humans and feral mammals such as hogs, cats, rats, dogs, and mongooses.
Recovery programs.
In 1990, the American Zoo and Aquarium Association (AZA) designated the genus "Cyclura" as their highest priority. Their first project was a captive breeding program for the Grand Cayman iguana, which at the time was the most critically endangered of all the species of "Cyclura".
The Indianapolis Zoo is involved in research and conservation of all 16 taxa of West Indian iguanas. This includes collaborative work on establishing baseline biological values in captive and wild iguanas, and scientific investigation, conservation efforts, field research and captive breeding programs. The Indianapolis Zoo has been involved in the Dominican Republic for almost ten years and will continue its research and conservation efforts with the Ricord's iguana.
The project's goals are:

</doc>
<doc id="18952459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952459" title="Crystal Cox">
Crystal Cox

Crystal Cox (born March 28, 1979 in Norfolk, Virginia) is an American track and field athlete and was a contestant on the of the reality show "Survivor".
She won a gold medal in the women's 4x400 m relay at the 2004 Athens Summer Olympics. In Athens she ran in the preliminary round but not in the final. DeeDee Trotter, Monique Henderson, Sanya Richards and Monique Hennagan were the athletes who ran in the final. In 2004, she was the American indoor 200 m champion.
On January 29, 2010, the Associated Press and ESPN.com reported that Cox admitted to using anabolic steroids from 2001-2004. As a result, she will forfeit all of her results from that time period, and has agreed to a four-year suspension. The suspension will last until January 2014. IAAF has recommended that the whole U.S. women's 2004 Olympic 4x400 metres relay team will be stripped of the medals.
Cox was one of the contestants in the reality series "", which premiered in the fall of 2008.
Despite her Olympic training, Cox lost 12 of the 14 tribal challenges, though she made it to the final six. Her main alliance consisted of Kenny Hoang, Jessica "Sugar" Kiper, Susie Smith, and Matty Whitmore. On the December 11, 2008 episode, Cox was voted out and became the fifth member of the jury.

</doc>
<doc id="18952463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952463" title="Octodontidae">
Octodontidae

Octodontidae is a family of rodents, restricted to southwestern South America. Thirteen species of octodontid are recognised, arranged in nine genera. The best known species is the degu, "Octodon degus".
Octodontids are medium sized rodents, ranging from in body length. They have long, silky, fur, which is typically brownish in color, and often paler on the underside. The name 'octodont' derives from the wear pattern of their teeth, which resembles a figure 8. Most are nocturnal, social, burrowing animals, though the degu is largely diurnal. They are herbivorous, eating tubers, bulbs, and cactuses.
Some authors have suggested that the octodontids should be reclassified in the order Lagomorpha, but this has not been supported by further analyses (e.g. Opazo, 2005). Older literature includes the tuco-tucos in the family, as the subfamily Ctenomyinae, but these animals are normally now treated as a separate family, Ctenomyidae. Two of the genera now included in this family, "Salinoctomys" and "Pipanacoctomys", have only recently been described. There is some evidence that evolution within the family may have resulted from polyploidy. The red viscacha rat, "Tympanoctomys barrerae", is tetraploid, with 102 chromosomes, and the recently described golden viscacha rat "Pipanacoctomys aureus" has 92.
Members of the genus "Aconaemys" are referred to as rock rats, and members of genus "Octodon" are all called degus, though the name degu on its own implies "O. degu". The single member of "Spalacopus", "S. cyanus", is called the coruro. Members of the other genera are called viscacha rats: note, however, that viscachas are not octodontids - they are members of the chinchilla family Chinchillidae.
List of species.
Genus "Aconaemys" Ameghino, 1891 (Andean rock rats).
Genus "Octodon" Bennett, 1832 (Degus).
Genus "Octodontomys" Palmer, 1903.
Genus "Octomys" Thomas, 1920.
Genus "Pipanacoctomys" Mares et al., 2000.
Genus "Salinoctomys" Mares et al., 2000.
Genus "Spalacopus" Wagler, 1832.
Genus "Tympanoctomys" Yepes, 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="18952469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952469" title="Arequipa">
Arequipa

Arequipa is the capital and largest city of the province of Arequipa and the seat of the Constitutional Court. Also known as the White City, it is the second most populous city in Peru, with 861,145 inhabitants according to INEI projections. It is center of the third most populous metropolitan area of Peru in year 2014.
Arequipa is an important commercial center of Peru and is the second most industrialized city in the country. Its industrial activity includes manufacturing and the exporting of high quality wool. The city has close trade ties with Chile, Bolivia and Brazil.
The city was founded on the 15th of August, 1540, under the name of 'Villa Hermosa de Nuestra Señora de la Asunción" in the name of the Marquis Don Francisco Pizarro. In the Royal Decree of September 22, 1541, King Charles V of Spain ordered that it be called the "City of Arequipa."
In the Colonial period it became important for its economic role and it was noted for its faithfulness to the Spanish Crown.
In the Republican history of Peru the city acquired greater prominence in politics, being the focus of popular rebellions. Many Peruvian intellectual, political, and religious figures became prominent in this era. During this time it was awarded the title of "Heroica ciudad de los libres de Arequipa".
Its historic center is spread over an area of 332 hectares and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Its historic heritage, along with its many scenic and cultural sites, make the city a national and international tourist destination. Its religious, colonial, and republican architecture blends European and native characteristics into a unique style called "Escuela Arequipeña".
Place names.
The name of the city is the Spanish version of the name of the valley in which the city was founded. Based on etymology and traditions, there are various tales that attempt to explain the origins of the name.
One folkloric tradition states that the Inca Mayta Capac received a petition from his subjects to reach the valley of the River Chili. They asked him for permission to stay in the region. They marveled at the beauty of the landscape and the mild climate. The Inca answered ""qhipay Ari"" (Quechua: ""Yes, stay"),".
Another similar tale says that when the Europeans first arrived there, they pointed at the ground and asked for the name of the land. the local chief, not understanding the question, assumed they were asking for a permission to sit down and gave a positive answer, which sounded like "Arequipa".
Padre Blas Valera and Inca Garcilaso de la Vega suggested that the name of the city came from an ancient Aymara word, "ari qquepan", meaning "trumpet sound". It referred to the sound made from blowing into the empty conch-like shell of a sea snail.
Another possible etymological source comes from the Aymara language with the phrase " qhipaya ari "or" Ariq qipa 'ari (acute, sharp or pointed) and qhipaya (behind), which translates to "behind the peak," referring to the nearby volcano, El Misti.
Names and qualifications.
Arequipa was one of the cities of the Viceroyalty of Peru that was more intense flattery Among the various praise found for the city in literature is a reference in the play "La Galatea" by Spanish writer Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, which mentions that the Spanish poet Diego Rivera Martinez, having been to Arequipa, refers to the city with the phrase "In Arequipa, eternal spring".
It also highlights the various distinctions awarded by the Spanish Crown, which where the titles of City, Coat of Arms, Very Noble and Loyal, Faithful, and treatment of Excellence.
Very noble and very loyal
Faithful
The ruling classes and city leaders rallied always faithful and loyal to the Spanish crown the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, in the eighteenth century, upon the different movements and rebellions indigenous and mestizo, Arequipa retained its political balance. The Tupac Amaru II uprising facing the city with a column of troops assembled at their expense, helped destroy the siege of the city La Paz, which earned it the epithet of "Restorative province of Collao ». For these services the King Carlos IV, a royal decree issued in the city of San Lorenzo on 5 December 1805 in which orders and intitulé be called Faithful.
Excellence
By royal decree issued in the city of Madrid, on 16 November 1818, is granted to the city to treat its Cabildo excellence. This distinction was granted following reports submitted by Don Hipólito Unanue, deputy of the province of Arequipa and the Municipality of the city, Arequipa involvement in advocacy produces real when lifting the city La Paz in 1809.
Heroic City of the free
In the Republican era, a decree issued by General Orbegoso ordered that the department and its capital city be denominated "Department of Law" and "heroic city of free Arequipa". General Orbegoso installed his government from the 13 January 1835 in the city of Arequipa, and consequently General Felipe Santiago Salaverry named himself Supreme Chief of the Republic, with the pretext that the country was leaderless, i.e. without President, as Orbegoso was outside the capital.
Salaverry's new government was recognized in various parts of the country, except for southern Peru, which continued to obey Orbegoso. A general amnesty decree, given by Salaverry in May 1835 and the call to Congress to meet in Jauja, were signs that command of the country had been concentrated in the hands of Salaverry, but despite these actions Arequipa remained the only part of the country to abide by the authority of Orbegoso, who had installed his government there and whose recognition was given this name.-->
Symbols.
Coat of arms.
Almost a year after the founding of the town, King Charles I of Spain elevated it to the rank of city by a royal decree on 22 December 1540, awarding it a coat of arms, on which a mythical animal carries a banner with the inscription "Karlos V" or "Del Rey," as described by Ricardo Palma traditionalist "Peruvian Traditions" in his book, in which he explains the location of the components in the shield, based on a reporter's knowledge of heraldry. In the tradition of ""The godson of providence"", it is explained as quoted:
Flag.
The crimson flag of the city has been the subject of debate among historians. In 1940 scientific publications Mostajo historians such as Francis and Victor M. Barriga firmly confirmed the crimson color of the banner, as opposed to the blue argued by historian Victor Benavente. This matches the color used in sports activities in the city. On 2 September Dr. Mostajo sent a letter to the Mayor of the City to put forward their views regarding the color of the Banner of Arequipa, basing their claims on the '"Act of the oath of King Carlos III" ""on" 11 August 1788. On 23 September of the same year, Father Victor M. Barriga published an important document in the Catholic newspaper "El Deber" that contains a description of the royal standard of Arequipa found in the ""Act of 3 September 1789"."
Both documents state that the standard color is crimson and that its origins date back to the colonial flag of the city, which is described as cited:
Anthem.
The anthem of the city is called "the fourth centenary anthem," written by Emilio Pardo Valley with music Aurelio Diaz Espinoza, who won the 1939 contest called by the city council for the creation of the music and lyrics of the anthem. The award was given in 1940, since which the hymn has been sung at all civic events held in the city.
Politics.
During the colonial period, Arequipa never had an important official status, but played an outstanding economic role. Indeed, early on it took advantage of his situation at the crossroads on the silver road in colonial times and the wool road after independence. This privileged position allowed it to accumulate administrative, commercial and industrial power, and benefit local social classes committed to the future of the city. Thus Arequipa has played an important role in the emergence of the political parties and political trends that have played a central role in Peru. Unlike most cities, Arequipa brought not only significant political figures and national policy, but was also the scene of several important political movements that achieved national effect.
From the 1820s until the end of the decade he forged a transitional society in Peru, also economic pillars on which the city based its support – the manufacture of wool and Railway South – begin to decline and for this and other reasons, Arequipa begins to produce a number of political leaders shaped by a growing middle class of professionals, intellectuals and technocrats, who will participate in the defense of the legal and economic stability. At this stage, during which the city acquires a significant population increase, and on the other prominent political participation, becoming the country's second city, and as a city in continued defiance against Lima.
In this transition period intellectual groups emerge as the "Group Coven" movement whose demands were limited to political decentralization disassociating claims related to social justice and economic reform, such as land reform, and failed in an abrupt end as a result of the Great Depression. Prominent leaders also arise, Victor Andres Belaunde and José Luis Bustamante y Rivero, leaving his mark as a strong-willed constitutionalists in early 1930, and from 1945 to 1948 José Luis Bustamante y Rivero who served as president of Peru.
In 1950 the lawyer Francisco Mostajo (prominent liberal Arequipa since 1901) is leading a revolution against Odria Arequipa, "Arequipa" in 1956, Fernando Belaunde Terry manages to get a large block of voting middle class in 1962 and 1963 and Popular Action Belaunde Terry with the support of another party originally from Arequipa, Christian Democrats, had such strong support that was enough to win the presidency of Peru.
With a third of the electorate was allied with APRA, the lobby of Arequipa and its supporters in Lima and other parts of the country became invincible in 1945, after the ideologies clearly differ from these center-right Democrats with APRA, quickly and permanently alliance collapsed.
Political trend.
The starting point of the political path followed by Arequipa is marked by the new national bourgeoisie, which appears to challenge the existing bourgeois elite in Peru, where there was a significant and growing stratum of people in Peru with professional, administrative and trade.
Since the 1900s the rebellious spirit Arequipa, reborn from the pen of a group of intellectuals, a new generation of liberal anticlericalism characterized by a very Catholic society and opposition to economic and political centralization of the country, this opposition Arequipa to the political and economic centralization of the country naturally led to a constitutional position in the 1930s and the subsequent adoption of ideologies Christian Democrats in the 1940s and 1950s. Lawyers and projected a strong church influence in politics Arequipa, as well as the middle class gained further declined participation to economic prosperity in the south of the country.
These new interests take political structure more clearly inside the country whose strongest political structure was the city of Arequipa, and their potential strengths of this national election that was reflected by strength in the candidacy of Fernando Belaunde Terry in the 1956 presidential elections. The southern region, dominated by the city of Arequipa has a long history of separatism and the Republic of Peru, Arequipa and the upper class of the twentieth century has preserved a distinctive regional identity.
Surveys.
Throughout history Arequipa policy have led to many uprisings that earned the city the adjective of "The Lion of the South". According to Leslie Bethell Cambridge University "if Arequipa was the capital of liberalism the other regions of Peru promoted their own interests only through their ideology'. other authors conclude that revolutions were not developed under personal interests or politicians that incentivized, but by passion for law and justice, for his religious faith and his honor.
Leslie Bethell emphasizes the importance of revolutions of Arequipa stating:
This revolutionary fame known among Peruvians still won it through numerous rebellions where almost all revolutions, some with national impact, armed themselves to defend local autonomy, compared to a centralizing capital more and more taking up arms in the revolutions following:
Political-administrative organization.
The city, as the capital of the province, is governed by the Provincial Municipality of Arequipa that has jurisdiction over the entire territory of the province. There is restricted to the city authority. In this regard, the district municipalities of the metropolitan area also have jurisdiction over matters relating to their own districts.
The city, as the regional capital, is home to the "Regional Government of Arequipa." It is also headquarters of the different regional offices of ministries that make up the Civil Service of Peru
City administration.
The Provincial Municipality of Arequipa regulates citywide, metropolitan and provincial important issues like urban planning, the transport s, s municipal tax collection, management of road safety by the local police, the maintenance of public roads (asphalt, cleaning ...) and gardens, etc.. It is also responsible for the construction of municipal facilities such as sports centers, libraries and social services.
Seat of the Constitutional Court.
The Constitutional Court is the highest authority and control interpretation of the Constitution. It is autonomous and independent of other constitutional bodies. Subject only to the Constitution and the Organic Law. The court has seven judges elected by the Congress with the favorable vote of at least two thirds of the legal number of members for a period of five years.
The city is the ""Legal Capital of Peru"" and ""Official Headquarters of the Constitutional Court"," as a result of a project decentralist the first vice presidential candidate, Manuel Seoane Corrales, who proposed the initiative of the city of Arequipa was the headquarters of the Superior Court of Justice, which would make the city was the Legal Capital of Peru. Due to the military coup that began in Peru, the initiative was in the air, to be reborn after the election of the Constituent Assembly in 1978. This time, the initiative did not succeed due to the high opposition, but later concluded that Arequipa would host the then "Constitutional Court", as stated in Article 304 º of the Constitution of Peru, 1979: ""The Constitutional Court is based in the city of Arequipa "."
Later, by the Constitution of 1993, created the "Constitutional Court", which, according to its Charter, is based in Arequipa, although under Regulation Regulatory Constitutional Court.
Administrative division.
The city is bounded by the district lines that comprise his constituency, the figure for the same population of the city is not adjusted to the total population of the districts that could be partially or fully recitals within the city, as RENIEC entities considered that the city is divided into 15 administrative districts, coordinated by the provincial municipality, which in turn are subdivided into districts, however INEI uses other methodologies for the delimitation of the city.
Metropolitan area.
The metropolitan area is to head to the city and consists of 19 districts with metropolitan category, extends over a surface of of which are distinctly urban. A metropolitan level unemployment level reaches the level of 8%, in contrast to 5% unemployment in the city.
History.
Prehispanic.
Until shortly before the rise of the Inca Empire existed in what is now the city some nomads living conglomerates engaged in activities such as hunting, fishing and gathering, developing some animals domesticated llamas and starting mainly sedentary and emerging practices agriculture. Eventually, after migration processes within the region were established early settlements, many with connections to the sea, giving rise to the first communication channels thereby increasing the accessibility of the territory.
During this time he built major irrigation canals or ditches in the Chili River Valley, which allowed cultivate the plains and terraces developed on the flanks of the slopes of the river. The ace Chimbe Yarabayas and settled in the city's current settlement, which together with communities and Cabanas Collaguas developed an agrarian economy in the desert.
Arrival of the Incas.
When the Inca Huayna Capac came to the plain of the River Chili, founded no city, the Inca prepared to put their mitimaes control, intelligence and strength of border enclaves before expanding inland villages. To monitor and Chumbivilcas Yanaguaras intended to Chillques, for the same mission with the Callapas Collaguas and on the east of Chili, populated by Yarabaya and Copoatas, the mission fell to the Chichas.
The task of putting mitimaes in the Inca Empire, was not related to the founding of a town, which has a connotation Hispanic Andean. That's what happened in Arequipa, as it did in Chuquisaca Huayna Capac (Charcas, of Upper Peru), where it created a people, but replaced by mitimaes natives, which was not done in the valley of the Chili. From a Hispanic view shows chronicling Garcilaso de la Vega, described as historically inaccurate, and describes that around 1170 the Inca Huayna Capac stopped with his army in the wilderness Chili River valley, which he called "Arizona qquepay" expression meaning "let's stay here", said Inca lands distributed among three thousand families, who founded the villages or towns of Yanahuara Caima, Tiabaya Paucarpata Socabaya Characato Chiguata and others.
Colonial era.
Arequipa was founded on 15 August 1540 by Garci Manuel de Carbajal in the Chili River valley as "Villa de la Asunción de Nuestra Señora del Valle Hermoso de Arequipa" in an area occupied by some Indian villages. Once carried out the necessary foundation to distribute the lots, for Pizarro, the Cabildo and the Dominican Order assigned for each extension a plot which covers a whole block to a plot of the founders apple quarter, and the main church a plot of half a block from the rest of solar neighbors by the passage of the Cathedral.
The city at the time of the foundation council already had a set, because the foundation of the town is given following the transfer of the Villa Hermosa de Camana, whose name was partially retained and replaced by Viila Hermosa de Arequipa, until Charles V of Germany and I of Spain raises it to the town to city status by Royal Decree dated Fuensalida, on 22 September 1541. The efforts of the transfer were made by Garci Manuel de Carbajal, who was established as the political authority to make the foundation of the new town and choose the new ruler, a position he fell on Don Juan de la Torre.
The council was responsible for choosing the competent authorities who assumed office on New Year's Day, nominating the mayors, the attorney, the superintendent of the City, the faithful executor, Holders of assets of deceased hospital administrator and visitor apothecary. This political order is broken in times of civil wars, because the task of designation was made by the rebel groups benefiting its adherents. Since 1853 by order of Viceroy Martín Enríquez de Almanza application starts balloting system and under this system a mayor is elected "neighborhood" and other "soldiers", who were later replaced by the mayor 'neighborhood' and ' of citizens".
At the counter, the treasurer and the royal officials Hacendaria box city, by decree of Philip II, are given the power to hold the office of alderman simultaneously, producing discord overlap of responsibilities and power. To avoid conflicts of jurisdiction, it is decided that alferazgo charges and council would sell perpetual becoming, this system was valid until the time of independence.
The former public works carried out in the city is listed on the Main Church, the Town Hall, the Chili River Bridge and the monastery of Our Lady of Grace. In 1609, by request submitted to Pope Paul V on 20 July 1609 and agreed in Bula 6 January 1612 authorizes the demarcation of the bishopric of Arequipa. King Philip III entrusted this mission to Viceroy Juan de Mendoza y Luna.
Independence.
In the city lived independence as all provinces of Peru, in civil war. Because of its geography and location had special circumstances, for example when Pumacahua revolution and rebel troops entered briefly Arequipa was a moment of euphoria but then left the city, and remained in Arequipa colonial power until the Battle Ayacucho, not that Arequipa was against independence, but was fighting a civil war.
The colonial authorities were flexible address concerns freethinker of Arequipa is an example of this is the foundation of the Science and Arts Academy Lauretana on 10 December 1821, directed by Evaristo Gomez Sanchez, who was in turn the first printing department. Just built the Academy, its principal members Francisco Xavier de Luna Pizarro, Aparicio Gómez Sánchez, Francisco de Paula Gonzalez Vigil, Gaulberto Valdivia, Manuel Amat y Leon and Juan de Dios Salazar, took sides in favor of emancipation.
The Bridge historian says there doubt as to which if signed first knew or Ica, the first act of independence but most said that the council was the first to do it I knew throughout Peru in April 1820. The historian Agustin de la Puente says a historical phenomenon happened in the stage of emancipation and independence:
Fidelismo.
One aspect that distinguished from other areas of Arequipa and Lima Peru was particularly explicit public commitment of the city to the Spanish crown and monitoring directries closed from the kings of Spain phenomenon called "fidelismo" and had as remarkable defenders Francisco de Paula Quiroz, Mariano de Rivero, Nicolás Fernández, and José Miguel de Lastarria, this attitude reason for the city in 1805 received the title of "Faithful" by Royal Charter.
Since its founding Spanish and over three centuries, the city was inhabited by mostly Spanish origin, which manifests and was recognized as a faithful follower of Spain, a reason that contributed to maintaining and strengthening the Fidelismo was obviously the social structure and the prevalence of Spanish, sustained by high society and representative elements. Another factor was the geographical because its location was not likely to be influenced by current or libertarian movements, and geography influenced them to disassociate Arequipa to the big Aboriginal.
Republican Era.
After independence, the territory corresponding to the Municipality of Arequipa department was appointed by decree of 26 May 1822. The Congress of 1826 and 1827 were as Constitutional President to Arequipa and "Lauretano» Javier de Luna Pizarro. During the government of Bolivar, after the victory of Ayacucho, the city was a bustling counter the spread of the dictatorial powers of the Liberator. The lawyers arequipeños Domingo Tristan, Benito Lazo, Gualberto Valdivia publicly opposed the constitution and sharp Bolivarian lifetime. The result of the activity of the Academy Lauretana was the foundation of the National College of American Independence and the National University of San Agustin created in 1827.
In 1835 he moved his government generally Orbegoso from Lima to Arequipa,--> and sought support from then President Andrés de Santa Cruz Bolivia against the claims of Gamarra and Salaverry. Deciding battles between troops and Salaverry Confederation were in Uchumayo, near the city of Arequipa, on 4 February 1836, where he defeated Salaverry, and Socabaya, three days later, on 7 February, beating Santa Cruz. On 18 February 1836, Salaverry and his top aides were shot in the main square of the city.
After expressing their rejection of the Confederation, Chile sent under General Ventura Blanco Encalada a military expedition that reached the territory arequipeño 12 October 1837. Before going into battle were negotiations that allowed signing a peace treaty in Paucarpata, adjacent to the city district, on 17 November, between the Chilean military chief Gen. Quiroz, of the Confederation. Chile did not endorse the treaty and sent a second expedition under General Bulnes, the following year, in support of Ramón Castilla and other Peruvian military leaders opposed to Santa Cruz.
In the following years the city hosted insurrectionary successive military coups. On 20 February 1843, there was proclaimed as the supreme head of the Republic General Manuel Ignacio de Vivanco, whose ambitions ended with the Battle of Carmen Alto on 22 July 1844. On 14 April 1854 from Arequipa insirió as interim president General Ramon Castilla, who managed to take power. Against this de facto government, on 1 November 1856 took up arms again in Arequipa, General Vivanco. After failing his military expeditions to Lima and Trujillo, had to return to Arequipa in late 1857 to organize its defense. The forces commanded by Miguel de San Román Vivanco faced in the battle of Paucarpata on 29 June 1857.
War with Chile.
Lizardo Montero arrived in Arequipa on 31 August 1882, declaring the capital of Peru. Also, Montero convened a National Congress on 28 April 1883.
Montero's government had a "National Congress" installed on 22 April 1883 in the cloisters of the College Independence and National University of San Agustin, a military support consists of all males 20 to 60 years that formed an army of 4,000 men and 8,000 National Guardsmen to 10 000 and an important financial support based on quotas and taxes erogacione both the economic elite and the various southern agricultural districts.
However, Peru's Arequipa forces revolted against the authority of Lizardo Montero. On 25 October 1883, a popular uprising overthrew the government and military of Lizardo Montero Flores who retired in Arequipa to La Paz, bringing Chilean troops under Jose Velasquez occupied the city on 29 October, this being delivered by the diplomatic corps of the city.
Twentieth and twenty-first centuries.
Reached the twentieth century, the city was the scene of military coups on 22 August 1930, when the commander Luis Sánchez Cerro was proclaimed Supreme Head and forced the resignation to President Augusto B. Leguia, and 27 October 1948, when General Manuel A. Odria formed a joint government and ousted President José Luis Bustamante y Rivero.
The city was also the scene of brave civic protests against arbitrariness. The two most important were against the Odria, one on 17 June 1950, featuring students of the College of American Independence and the second for nine days of December 1955. As usual earthquakes in the department had special significance earthquakes in 1868, 1878 and 1913, for the severe injury and damage that resulted.
The city's economic development was favored by the railroad Arequipa Islay built by Henry Meiggs. This was linked to the railway linking Arequipa, Cuzco and Juliaca. The first telegraph system in the region, which connected Mollendo, Arequipa and Vitor, was established in 1908. Drinking water was supplied to the city with an aqueduct leading Yumina mineral waters, opened in 1914. In 1931 he built roads Yura Arequipa-Puno and Arequipa. In Chili to from the city and 4300 masl dam was built to irrigate El Fraile 3000 ha in the plains of La Joya. This hardworking engineering work was completed in 1938. In 1940 he inaugurated the modern Alfredo Rodriguez Ballon Airport.
In the mid-nineteenth century, the expansion of international demand helped reorganize the landlords and warlords colonial exploitation of indigenous peasants in Puno through the expansion of large estates while a circle of Arequipa controlled the marketing and processing wool at the expense of rural communities.
The momentum of this market, broader than deep, Arequipa is built from the second half of the nineteenth century as a city of middle classes, merchants, artisans, professionals, home to an elite regional macro in modern business city located. In time, the elite arequipeña happens to collect, process and export wool, producing, acquiring lands medium farmers or indigenous highland and developing an operating system supported by income. This modern twentieth century Arequipa, old families, industries, large middle classes and workers organized in unions, is constructed as a bourgeois city, civic, democratic.
Law 15,923 of 10 January 1966 authorized the creation of the industrial park of Arequipa, important motivator mediated regional manufacturing.
In the early years of this century the historic center of Arequipa was declared Cultural Heritage of Humanity, there was also a 8.4 magnitude earthquake on 23 June 2001, one of the largest earthquakes in the world since 1900, and of greater magnitude in the history of Peru because of this earthquake, many of the historic buildings in Arequipa were damaged or destroyed.
Geography.
Location.
The city is located at an altitude of , the lowest part of the city lies at an altitude of in the area called the Huayco Uchumayo District and the highest is located at .
The central part of the city is crossed by the River Chili from north to south in a valley called the Valley of Arequipa or the Valley of Chili. To the north and east of Arequipa are the Andes mountain while to the south and west are intermediate mountain highlands. The valley opening to the coast plays a decisive role in allowing Arequipa to be a city in the middle, strategically connecting the two regions.
A series of volcanic cones dominates the skyline from the city. These volcanoes form mountains like the Misti, Pikchu Pikchu and Chachani. This rugged Andean western edge of South America is characterized by thick layers of volcanic lava that cover large areas.
Climate.
The climate of the city is predominantly dry in winter, autumn and spring due to atmospheric moisture, is also due to semiarid effective precipitation and tempered by the thermal condition. It lacks the rigors of winter and summers overwhelming the coast, a situation that ensures the presence of a vital sun and a clear sky with 300 days of sunshine a year and a record 4000 hours of sun exposure to years justifying the nickname "City of the eternal blue sky 'funded. Throughout the year presents temperatures do not rise to and rarely drop below . The wet season lasts from December to March and is reflected by the presence of clouds in the afternoon and low rainfall. In winter (June, July), the weather gets a little cooler and the temperature drops to an average of , but the dry climate helps to feel the cold less intensely.
The average relative humidity is 46%, with an average high of 70% in the summer season and a minimum average of 27% during the seasons of autumn, winter and spring, according to data from the weather station Goyeneche Hospital.
The winds are influenced by a system of local winds and the passage of frontal systems of low atmospheric pressure, which are conditioned by the topographical surrounding the valley where the city is. The occurrence of winds occurs mainly in the evening and early morning, mountain breezes are having a north-east direction and in the course of a day dominated by valley breezes with a South-West direction. The wind velocity along the day fluctuating between 1.5 m / s and 2.5 m / s.
Solar radiation.
The global solar radiation recorded in the city ranges from 850–950 "W / m 2" (watts / square meter), considered one of the highest levels of radiation in South America and the highest recorded in Peru. This phenomenon is due to its proximity to the area of influence of the Atacama Desert and pollution at every stage.
Demography.
According to census XI of 2007, the province of Arequipa concentrates 75.5% of the total population of the region and the city of Arequipa, the capital of the department, with 70% of the total population and 90% of urban population. 
Demographic trends.
One of the first references that can be found is the Venture Travada the mid eighteenth century, wrote:
One of the first population census in the city date back to 1796 where there were 37,241 inhabitants in the 'pen' which corresponded to 22 207 Spanish, 5929 Indians, mestizos 4908, 2487 and 1710 slave castes. At the end of the first half of the twentieth century, the effects of momentum multplicadores to Arequipa by the works of 1940 demonstrated very quickly which was clearest symptom population growth, as annual population growth of 1.1% for the period of 1876 to 1917 tripled to 3.3% annually in the period that goes from 1940 to 1960.
In the early years of the second half of the twentieth century the city would rise from 85,000 in 1940 to 158,000 in 1961 in an unprecedented population explosion process, whose possible reasons have to do with the establishment of the first industrial enterprises generated as opening import substitution due to World War II and the transformation of agricultural production. The demographic trend is substantially modified by two factors: the earthquake of 1958 and the drought plateau, accelerating migration and urbanization, and peripheral growth that lasts until today. The population explosion was enhanced by the rearrangement of urban space after the earthquakes was really impressive and Arequipa's population doubled in a decade. The 158 000 inhabitants in 1961, would be 309 000 in 1972 and almost 500,000 in 1983, the invasion of rural areas generated a remarkable process in which subsistent farming actively participates in the urban cycle.
Evolution of the population of Arequipa in the period between 1796 and 2012
<br>
Morphology and urban structure.
Checkerboard foundational.
On 15 August 1540 a plot was made forty-nine "blocks or islands." sides were measured and each had a length of "400 feet Castilians' (111.40 meters), separated by streets" 37 feet Castilian "(10.30 meters), so that the checkerboard foundation is characterized by perfection in drawing apples. 
The writer Pedro Davalos and Lisson, in his book The First Century contains the description given by Paz Soldan in 1855:
Because of this, there is no doubt that the former "Villa Hermosa de Arequipa" he intended to occupy the regional capital. The city became a connecting link between Cuzco, ponds and the ocean. And in fact the city of Arequipa in the exploitation phase of silver in Potosi, has since become "'a major logistics hub." The urban setting near the present district of San Lazaro, where was erected the first chapel of the city occupied an area of 850 x 875 meters.
The square foundation, located three blocks from the river and occupied an eccentric position in the founding and checkerboard patterns as Hispanic was the focal point of the city. Apples was occupied by four or eight lots, and were distributed according to their importance in the new neighborhood. With the passage of time some religious institutions came to occupy a block as the case of the Convent of Santa Catalina and San Francisco Monastery.
Republican Era.
In the Republican era shows a growth process similar to the colonial era, where the urban area has grown at the expense of the countryside, a process that has worsened in recent decades. The city also experienced an expansion to the east of what is now called historic, new avenues were plotted as Parra Boulevard and Twentieth Century Avenue, was established wooded neighborhood of El Vallecito, where he built the first shawls to the 1940s, and the city extended into Yanahuara, poor people came to occupy the districts of Miraflores, Barrio Obrero, Jacinto Ibanez.
Urban architecture is extended with new construction, and moved the market town located in the Plaza de Armas to the park Duhamel and later to its present location at the Convent of the Order of St. Camillus agonizing Parents, between 1905 and 1910 Goyeneche Hospital was built, also built bridges linking the city center with the district as the bridge Yanahuara Real. By the year 1940, the first project was proposed expansion and urban facilities. This plan envisaged the creation of a ring of houses greater than existing growth plan consolidating regarding radial and concentric paths regarding land use, neighborhoods were enabled Cuarto Centenario and Selva Alegre. He was also given a boost to urban facilities with the construction of the Municipal Theatre, the Hotel de Turistas, the Municipal Library, the Athenaeum Theatre, American Independence College, Campus of the Universidad Nacional de San Agustin.
Until the late 1950s there were two factors that substantially changed the trends of urban growth, the earthquakes in the years of 1958 and 1960 and the drought plateau, which accelerated peripheral growth.
This period starts with greater force the displacement of resident population sectors, there is a shift in the industry that was located in the Barrio del Solar and El Barrio Obrero following the creation of the industrial park, causing a process outsourcing of the city center towards commercial activities primarily in the informal sector. An example of this exodus is the displacement of some educational institutions that previously were located in the city center as the National University of San Agustin in the year of 1962 and residential sectors to consolidate the periphery to the center of the city as a dynamic central business district.
Economics..
Since Arequipa is predominantly urban, industry, commerce and construction taking place in the capital of the department have a central role in the future of the town. However, the presence of fertile valleys and high Andes allows agricultural activity has great importance for the development of the city: a central axis of the demands arequipeñas is building irrigation to improve their productivity. Finally, in recent times, the mining industry has entered a stage of modernity, has ceased to be only artisanal or small business to include large-scale mining, as in the case of Cerro Verde, established in 1993 in the Arequipa.
Economic indicators.
The contribution of the city of Arequipa in Arequipa region's GDP is 74.2% of its GDP according to studies by the National University of San Agustin, also the region's GDP is the highest Arequipa after Lima.
In the period 2003–2008 was the "City with greatest economic growth in Latin America", according to the report in 2009 of "America Economia" presenting a percentage change in GDP per capita of 66.1%. Also in 2007–2008 was the city with the highest percentage change in GDP in Latin America with a variation of 9.59%.
The contribution to the national sales tax is 20.3%, in solidarity tax on 17% being the second national taxpayer in these taxes. Arequipa has a production structure strongly biased to trade and services sectors, the primary sector of agriculture and mining accounted for 29.6% of GDP, the secondary sector of manufacturing industry and 20.7% in the tertiary sector and trade and services 49.7%, it was strengthened in recent years by a lack of productive investment.
Construction.
2
! width = 20% |%
The construction sector of the city is the second most dynamic in the country, after Lima, according to the Study of Urban Buildings by the Institute of Construction and Development of the Peruvian Chamber of Construction.--> Building activity in 2011 amounted to 611 961 m 2, 65% for housing, 10% for offices and commercial premises 4%.--> In the case of housing supply, departments account for 70% and 30% households of the total supply in this sector of destination.-->
Fairs, exhibitions and congresses.
The city is seen as a place of exhibitions and events in the country. The promotion of trade fairs and exhibitions in the city is in charge of Birmingham Convention Bureau, an organization that in 2011 recorded the occurrence of about 1200 events, among which were:
The III International Book Fair held in Arequipa in 2011 had an influx of 400,000 people and a collection of a million and a half soles
Oriented mining sector entrepreneurs, investors and government delegations in the last edition in the year 2011 had the presence of 40 countries bringing together 50,000 people.
Work activities.
From the twentieth century in the city have developed the industries related to the primary sector, highlighting the textile and agricultural industries. They constitute a center of exchange and mediation in the southern Andes, serving as a link between the coast and the mountains.
According to the "Specialized Household Survey on Employment Levels" has the largest amount of "Economically able to work" within the country amounting to 625 547 people, and the most economically active population (PEA) which amounts to 376 764 people having a same employment rate above the national average with an average monthly income of 928 soles whose main areas of activity in which play is manufacturing (12.9%), trade (23%) and non-personal services (36.6%).
Tourism.
In Arequipa tourism is a factor of the economy energizing establishing itself as the third most visited city in the country after Cusco and Lima, in 2010 arrived in the city a total of 1.395 million visitors according to the Ministry of Commerce and Tourism.
Industry.
The city's industrial sector has the largest nationwide diversification and is the second most industrialized city of Peru product of the Industrial Park was established during the first government of Fernando Belaúnde Terry. After two major earthquakes, in 1958 and 1960, with the law of the "Rehabilitation and Development Board of Arequipa» Industrial Park was built with two or three factories at that time, and the Yura Cement factory.
The city's industrial sector comprises industrial parks among which may be mentioned the "Parque Industrial de Arequipa" orientaado to large and medium enterprises, the "Industrial Park APIMA" to small businesses, the "Industrial Park Rio Seco "and industrial areas in the Alfonso Ugarte Av, Alternative Uchumayo and North Cone. Finally, there is a consolidated sector and planned and Ladrilleras Umapalca Yarabamba way. Spatial occupancy for industrial zones cover an area of 286 hectares.
Sights and attractions.
The Old Town.
In its 332 hectares has 5817 properties of which 500 are categorized as heritage properties, generally have been built in the nineteenth century, on the site of earlier colonial buildings destroyed by the earthquake of 1868. The houses, usually made in ashlar, are characterized by semi-circular arches and vaulted ceilings. Ashlar structures always have thick walls: 1 to 1.5 meters for rooms, 2 meters for churches. Through the use of lime mortar, the walls are shown homogeneous image that is reinforced with brick vaults or ashlar that are justified in the rarity of the wood.
In the city itself is a stylistic school called "School Arequipa" of crucial importance in the region and whose influence reached Potosi. This school is characterized by profuse decoration planiform textilográfica and the open spaces and the design and size of their covers, which differ in these aspects of Cuzco and Lima covers.
The architecture in the historic center is characterized by the prominence of ashlar, the use of which begins in the last third of the s. XVI. This volcanic stone, white or pink exceptionally soft, lightweight, and weatherproof, emerged as a seismic structural solution. The ashlar was unable to take the early years, except for the covers of the main church and some houses. The original city was built with adobe, masonry, sticks and straw roofs or mud pie. Houses of this type were made until the nineteenth century and were common in the eighteenth century, some remain in the original district of San Lazaro. Later came the brick and tile houses with tile found in the Monastery of Santa Catalina. The cataclysm of 1582 settled these systems and raised the earthquake reconstruction. Then came the ashlar as prime structural solution.
Major earthquakes which milestones in the formation of Arequipa architecture. You can mention five periods:
Religious Monuments.
In historical existence is accounted for 14 churches or temples, four chapels, five convents and 3 monasteries, among the monuments of this type include:
It is the most important neoclassical ediicio Peru, product reconstruction started in 1844 and finished three years later and led by architect Lucas Poblete. Its interior is faced with trs ships with one of the side walls of the main square which fills a side façade is divided by Corinthian columns.
It is the monument maximum Arequipeña School, is one of the most splendid creations of Peruvian Baroque and starting point of this school, in its façade has an inscription inscribed with the year 1698 which shows that the beginning of the eighteenth century this regional art had reached its peak, therein lies a more exaggerated baroque altar.
Civil-Public Monuments.
There are 10 buildings that origin were engaged in civic purposes, such as Phoenix theaters. and the Municipal Theatre, the Goyeneche Hospital and the Hospital of Priests of St. Peter, bridges Bolognesi and Grau, the Instituto de la Rosa Chavez, Railway Station, Mercado San Camilo and the Molino de Santa Catalina.
Military Monuments.
The historic center of Arequipa lacked a wall as we had the city of Lima, they persist despite military monuments as Twentieth Century Prison and Penal Fundo El Fierro women.
Civil-Domestic Monuments.
Within the historic center there are 246 houses were declared monuments household, this type of construction is characterized by thick walls made solid as drawer, with arches and domes similar to those built in the temples and monasteries religious, giving the same robustness and monumentality to these constructions built from the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries and generally used for housing.
Parks and gardens.
In the historic center of the city's parks and squares for a total of 26 hectares of green areas that are complemented by of countryside within this historic area, between the squares and parks include the following areas:
Outside this monumental natural areas that stand out are the following:
Telecommunications.
With regard to mobile telephony, in the city of Arequipa operate the following companies: Movistar, Claro (America Phones) and Nextel, the last used over the business, Claro, Movistar and Nextel offer its 4G service (only coverage Arequipa Metropolitana) enabling mobile broadband Internet, video calls, among others.
TV stations.
On 15 August 1959 was the official opening of the television in the city of Arequipa in the Cultural Hall of the National University of San Agustin, as an initiative of businessman Jack Dwyre through South Televisora Peruana – Channel 2 television, UNSA TV today. The programs were alive and in the first transmission was presented the inaugural Miss Universe 1958, Gladys Zender.
The National University of San Agustin would be well above the first house of studies in South America to have a media like television. In that sense, it was remarkable the work of the Institute of Cultural which was led by Dr. Gustavo Quintanilla Paulet.
Furthermore in 1962, Birmingham was the first city to issue a decentralized signal through Radio Television Continental (channel 6), then in the year 1987 comes to channel 8 belonging to Arequipa SA Broadcasting Company, signal from the 2012 ATV transmitted as South.
Print Media.
Among the newspapers that are printed in the city stands "the" newspaper "El Pueblo" who is the Dean of the national press and the dean of the southern press, this journal is presented in a large format and characterized since its inception on 1 January 1905, to be quarry writers as Percy Gibson and Alberto Hidalgo, and politicians like Hector Cornejo Chavez, Mario Polar Ugarteche and Alfonso Montesinos.
Transportation.
Urban Transportation.
Metropolitan road network has a structure that supports radiocentric four primary routes or trunks: Army Av, Av Jesus, Av and Av Alcides Carrion Parra and allow the movement of the population from the intermediate and peripheral areas activity centers.
These pathways longitudinal nature are interconnected by bus routes, forming a ring around the central area consists of: Av Venezuela, Lieutenant Ferré, Progress, Av Arequipa, Gomez de la Torre Av, Av La Marina, San Martin, Avenida Salaverry, Mariscal Cáceres, Socabaya Malecon and Avenida Venezuela.
This system is completed with some main roads as Cayma Av, Av Arequipa, Goyeneche Avenue, Kennedy Avenue, Dolores Av, Av Lambramani, flows carrying local roads to bus and vice versa.
Integrated Transport System.
A public transport system is under construction in Arequipa. Implemented by the Ministry of Transport and Communications and the Provincial Municipality of Arequipa, the system consists of a network scheme called rationalized based two trunk routes operated transit buses Rapid Transit (BRT) called "ArequipaBus" interacting with structuring routes and feeder networks.
Its opening is planned for the first quarter of 2014 coordinating all routes operate a payment system and an interconnected system of passenger flow control.
Air transport.
Arequipa is served by Rodríguez Ballón International Airport located in the district of Cerro Colorado about northwest of downtown, for its features and facilities is one of the best in the country, from 2011 to through a grant administered by the consortium "Andean South Airports".
In 2011 introduced a passenger flow of 1,025,466 passengers between domestic flights and international and a load flow of 2193 tons in 2010, becoming the second in the southern region in the fluid passenger traffic after Alejandro Velasco Astete International Airport, Cuzco city, and third in the country.
The airport holds daily air connections with the cities of Lima, Cusco, Tacna and Juliaca and international destinations such as Arica, Iquique, Antofagasta and Santiago de Chile, along with regular flights coming to Buenos Aires, Argentina.
In 2011 there are four airlines that offer their services on domestic flights, with a total of 38 daily flights in low season its main destinations and 52 daily flights in high season. The company makes three Sky Airline flights each reguales international destinations (Arica, Iquique, Antofagata, Santiago de Chile) per week, and next to the city of Buenos Aires with Argentine Airlines codeshare.
Rail transport.
The railway network system has been operating in Arequipa since 1871, enables communication between the coast and the mountains and different levels of progress and expansion of population centers located in its path. The system consists of the lines: Cusco-Puno-Arequipa and Arequipa-Mollendo.
Is of great strategic importance in a multimodal communication system in the southern macro region, since it is the most effective and economical way to transport heavy loads over long distances.
Ground Transportation.
The "International Terrapuerto Arequipa" is located in the district of James Hunter from which the city and the region of Arequipa is connected by land throughout Peru and La Paz, Santiago de Chile, Mendoza and Buenos Aires.
Apart from having the International Bus Station Bus Terminal has the Arequipa regional usage and services towards the mountains and the coast. In the city of Arequipa interregional routes exist, consisting Uchumayo variant that serves as the connection with the coast, out to Yura that serves as a connection to the Sierra and the departure of Jesus which connects to the highlands of Arequipa and Chiguata area.
Fleet.
In 2011 in the city of Arequipa are registered 182,000 vehicles according to the Superintendency of Public Registries, in the same year the fleet was increased to 64 000 vehicles, of which 12 000 360 were recorded as new units.
Health System.
As the administrative and economic capital of the Arequipa Region, the city has the largest number of both public health centers and private which total 680 establishments.
Public health institutions that are present in the city are:
Education.
According to the 2007 Census data INEI in Arequipa, there is a student population totaling 823,148 inhabitants of three years or more to attend a regular school, which represents 95.24% of the entire provincial population of Arequipa.
Nursery, primary and secondary.
In 2007 in the districts of the city 20% nbsp; 595 students at grade level or initial childhood education, primary education, 143 543 and 219 305 secondary education. Among the oldest schools in the city are the Seminary of San Jeronimo in operation since 1622, the American Independence College, St. Francis College, Don Bosco Salesian College, College De La Salle and St. Joseph College.
Higher education.
The city of Arequipa has the presence of more than 15 universities, with only one national and eight private headquartered in the city, the rest are private and national universities both at home and abroad (Chile).
In 2007 in the existing universities housed a university population of 70,894 students and colleges university not a population of 56 087 students, becoming the city with the highest number of home university of the country after the capital and the city with the highest population percentage-wise university of Peru. The population categorized with university and complete university reached 108 823 and 70 252 students respectively.
National University of San Agustin.
It is the second largest public university in the country, behind the University of San Marcos, had the predecessor to the Royal and Pontifical University Intra calustra, created by decree on 22 January 1714 and the Academy of Sciences Lauretana Arts and founded on 10 December 1821, from which was born the National University of San Agustin who was installed on 11 November 1828 but according to the university law recognizes the creation of the university on 2 June 1827.
City University.
The construction of the city university is a product of the projection made by the architect Hector Velarde in 1940 but it was not until 1962 that the university decentralizes its functions and moves to the campus. The campus features correspond to a scheme totally academic teaching style of L'Ecole des Beaux Arts in Paris, with remarkable symmetry in the arrangement of the elements and pavilions which then lead to a neo-formal lexicon that led it to adopt a "style arequipeño" whose formal features transcended the city and were projected to other centers of Peru and the rest of America. 
Private Universities.
The first private university established in the city was the Catholic University of Santa Maria, the establishment of this university was followed by San Pablo Catholic University, University of San Francisco. and the University of La Salle, it belongs to International Network of Universities of La Salle, and Javier Prado Private University and Southern University.
Additionally, in the city are located branches from other universities, as a branch of the Universidad Nacional Mayor de San Marcos, subsidiaries of Néstor Cáceres Velásquez Andean University, Technological University of Peru, Peruvian Wings University; San Pedro Private University, the University del Mar, Chile, the University of Chimbote Los Angeles, School of Business San Francisco Xavier, the Universidad Inca Garcilaso de la Vega and San Martin de Porres University for example-that add universities established in the city of Arequipa.
Sports.
Among the scenarios that the city has for the practice of football we mention the Universidad Nacional San Agustin Stadium, the Mariano Melgar Stadium, the stadium and the sticks Umacollo Stadium.
Soccer.
The most popular sport is football in Arequipa, this sport is represented by the FBC Melgar club football, which participates in the Peruvian First Division football, and who in 1981 was the first champion from the Peruvian interior. Among the historical clubs play football classic arequipeño among them are:
Culture.
Arequipa culture is marked by the regionalist character of its inhabitants, Arequipa, unlike other big cities Peruvian mestizo and indigenous features has been highlighted as a "Spanish island in a sea indigenous" is the wellspring of juxtaposed positions, as a result the Arequipa regional profiles are more clearly defined than in the rest of Peru, while both culturally and geographically is described as a cultural and natural oasis and is reaffirmed by the Ventura Travada documentation:
Unlike other regional sentiments, Arequipa regionalist sentiment was connected to the fight with centralism:
There are elements that have shaped the culture around Arequipa, a hallmark. His proud regionalism, expressed in numerous insurrections or revolutions that have earned him the nickname "City caudillo" or phrases like consecrate Jorge Basadre, "Arequipa is the gun pointed at the heart of Lima ', referring to the antagonism between both cities.
Dialect.
An element of culture is its arequipeña Castilian dialect that incorporates a distinctive rhythmic way of speaking, which usually prolong the last vowel of the final word in each sentence. The Castilian of Arequipa, also incorporates several Quechua words, besides the use of the voseo.
Voseo.
All sources are agreed to the province of Arequipa as the representative area of the Peruvian voseo, in general in Peru, the voseo is seen in rural areas bordering voseo areas except in Arequipa, where vosean speaking rural and urban areas, is to use archaic and recession, plus the use of single use of "you," in Arequipa are used voseantes Chilean verb endings.
Regarding voseante paradigm of Arequipa, is usually linked to the type II monoptongado voseo, though possibly colonial influence in the second conjugation verb given third party.
The loncco.
It is a rural dialect of the city, has been largely lost due to migration from other provinces and the standardization of Castilian by the media in the capital, however, always in schools competitions are promoted lonccos poems.
Visual arts.
Its principle is based or iconographic art of petroglyphs and pre-Columbian pottery. The site with more graphs in stone are the Toro Muerto has been the subject of many studies, most notably those of Dr. Eloy Linares Málaga and Dr. Antonio Núñez Jiménez Cuban.
His second contribution is the Spanish state and Indo-American, who initially had applications in the size of walls, faces carved churches and altars, des painting appeared as mestizo, which is a naïve tried to recreate the Christian symbolism . The art of deep chiaroscuro, anatomical and ingenuity hieratic provisions lasted for many years since the European Renaissance failed hard because of geographical distance, but so that the increased media and travel advances and ado came to the third stage, which is the art academic and romantic, then arequipeñas wealthy families brought European art, mostly from France, England and Spain, the art, but not high-level teachers, gave the foundation for what would advance the fourth state of our history of fine arts, Carlos Baca Flor, Masias and Reynoso Vinatea preamble contemporary art Teodoro Nunez Ureta, Ureta Alejandro Nunez and Luis Palao Berastain among youth of that based on the short edge new American realism and impressionism .
After the fifth stage amorphous art, symbolist and other current and conceptual styles imported from North America and Europe with vertigo by mass media, among the master of this new era are Ramiro Pareja, Germán Rondon, Ricardo Córdova, the Evaristo and brothers Dario Callo Anco, Erick Huanca, Juan Carlos Zevallos, Companoca and other young master that currently contribute at various isms and boundaries of what is visual art. The Museum of Contemporary Art and the Museum of Arequipa Fundo del Fierro are good benchmarks.
Gastronomy.
The city has the greatest diversity of registered plates on to other parts of Peru, it has registered 194 varieties of dishes, which represent 40 entrees, 11 soups or lunches, 11 wines, 70 dishes, 51 desserts and 11 drinks.
The cuisine of the city stands by the use of seasonings and preparation methods introduced by both Andean and Europeans, because many dishes were created to satisfy the tastes of Spanish, merchants, soldiers and priests who had settled in Arequipa.
The eating habits are characterized by a slow diet for each day of the week, this fact shows that in most restaurants and picanterías gets used to prepare on Monday: Chaque, Tuesday: Chairo, Wednesday: Chochoca, Thursday: Suck Colorado or potato flour, Friday: Suck on Friday, Saturday: stew or Timpusca and Sunday: white broth or Pebre loins. This practice follows a global context where food has established fixed schedules and are respected by the population and most restaurants and picanterías city and moved to the availability of specific ingredients in local markets to meet demand according to the day of the week.
Among the most popular dishes are the shrimp Suck, Ocopa Arequipa, Rocoto filling Adobo Arequipa, Single cheese, potato cake, fried ribs, Cuy chactado, Cauche cheese, Locro pectoris, Chaque, among others. For dessert highlight the cream cheese, donuts, convent sweets, chocolates, and beverages such as, Chicha de Jora, the region anise (anise or aniseed liqueur).
Literature.
The identity of Arequipa literature is linked to the early nineteenth-century libertarians. Mariano Melgar is, in that sense, a compulsory reference, as to the quality of his lyrics, his example and his vital attention to the themes and modes land drew the line that would guide the creative writing in his hometown. In the mid-nineteenth century, the poetic voices from Benito Bonifaz, Manuel Castillo, José Mariano Llosa, Ignacio Gamio, among others, gave prestige to the letters Arequipa. Later that century, the novel George, the son of the village (1892), Maria Nieves and Bustamante, on the line of Victor Hugo, in the opinion of Luis Alberto Sanchez, gave us in his interesting 'Introduction', some signs preciosistas White City.
Poetry is heading towards the teaching of Manuel González Prada vibrant, and there are poems full of ideas and concepts Jorge Polar, philosopher and jurist, author of Arequipa. Description and social studies (1891), whose statement: "Years Arequipa has fought bravely to win free institutions for the Fatherland. Not born in vain at the foot of a volcano ", summarizes the feeling that inaugurated Mariano Melgar and that in one way or another, is present in Arequipa literature of the nineteenth and much of the twentieth, and the romantic voice of Francisco Mostajo, popular leader, who openly criticized the prevailing tone and advocated without success, the vital airs of modernism in its statements to the wind, 1908.
The twentieth century imposes rhythm and casually characteristic of youth. In this area appears Group The Coven, with distinctly modernist aspirations. Their representatives make up a generation varied, but a common concern for change. They are in their ranks: Percy Gibson, Cesar Rodriguez Atahualpa, and Renato Federico Morales Agüero Well Rivera. This group Arequipa, sort of "colónidos" (Colónida group of Lima, founded by Abraham Valdelomar in the decade of 10), to which are added the poets featured Alberto Guillen and Alberto Hidalgo latter a vanguard that has not yet received the recognition it deserves, assumes a freer language, away from the prevailing rhetoric and romantic. His affiliation would be closer to some avant-garde notions.
The gathering is organized in the halls, and the talents of the poets of the time are not indexed for arequipeño masterfully, but Valdelomar Abraham, who evokes an evening of 1910 in the article "The throne of the sun. Notes of a journey." The Conde de Lemos highlights in it to Percy Gibson author of the verses of the famous waltz Melgar, who put music Benigno Ballon, who invites Colónida write in the journal.
In this Gibson he published the poem "Democratic Gospel":
For its part, the paradoxes Tower (1926), Cesar Rodriguez Atahualpa, which pays homage to his homeland, as well as his "Song of Arequipa" (1918), set the tone of the regionalist pride to which we have referred at the beginning. This group accounted mamuel happened that Gallego Sanz, brothers Jorge and Xavier Bacacorzo and Guillermo Mercado (1904–1983), the latter poet who started within indigenismo and published, among other books, Golden Soul (1925) A chullo of poems (1928) and Song of Sachaca (1940). The prose had its greatest exponent in the first half of the twentieth century, in the figure of Augusto Morales Aguirre (1888–1957), who left as proof of his masterly novel The People of the sun (the first is around 1924), which managed continental resonance. His works include Dream Flower (1906) and Prayer (1913), poems, and Justice of Huayna Capac (1919), novel.
Scholar and journalist, Aguirre Morales worked in newspapers and Universal Chronicle. Among his contemporaries are Juan Manuel Osorio and Juan Manuel Polar. Later, Arequipa also produce a noted literary critic, internationally recognized, Enrique Cornejo Quea (1936–1996) who applied the concept so sharply of "diversity" in American literary studies. Born in Arequipa in 1931, Oswaldo Reynoso released in 1961, "The innocent stories", and in 1964, the novel "In October there are no miracles, who have had multiple reprints. Owner of a poetic prose breath, then posted The beetle and man "(1970)", In search of Aladdin "(1993) and" The eunuchs immortal "(1995). But undoubtedly the most renowned Arequipa in the field of letters is Mario Vargas Llosa (1936), and author among other texts "of the Hero" (1964), "The Green House" (1966), "The War of the End of the World" (1981), "The Feast of the Goat" (2000) and inspired by the life of Flora Tristan, "The Paradise on the other corner" (2003).
Arequipa maintains an intense literary life, to mention a few names of different generations, quote Jose Ruiz Rosas, poet who, although born in Lima (1928), developed his poetic valuable in the city of Arequipa and currently resides in this, among others, the poems Grocery (1978), Poems (1980), gathered Poetry (1992) in the White City; Oswaldo Chanove (1953), poet, author of The Hero and his relationship with the heroine (1983), Study on the action and passion (1987) y.el Pale Rider (1994), or Carlos Herrera (1961), the original focus narrator who posted black and white (1995) and blind Argonaut Chronicles (2002).
Museums and cultural centers.
Cultural events are mainly in the cultural institutes, organizations such as the Alliance Française, the Peruvian Center for German and Peruvian North American Cultural Center organized activities around the arts, music, dance and literature, among others. Meanwhile, the Centro Cultural de la Rosa Chaves National University of San Agustin and the Catholic University of Santa Maria promote cultural activities.
In the 1990s banking institutions showed great interest in promoting and managing cultural activities, private companies, meanwhile, joined this movement by sponsoring various projects.
Music.
Since late viceroyalty there are important academic composers like Mariano Melgar (who was best known in his role as poet), Pedro Jiménez Tirado April and Florentino Diaz is apparently coming to Arequipa one of the cities in the country with more of the best composers and musical training.
In the Republican era include Manuel Aguirre who assimilated the teachings of Chopin and Schuman to give them some melanconlia and simplicity to his music. Similarly, Luis Duncker Lavalle-a master pianist who can speak both academic folk-music as Octavio Polar, Manuel Aguirre, David H. Molina, who spread his orchestral works with the Association of Arequipa and Aurelio Diaz Espinoza who was author of the Hymn of Arequipa. Also, with a more modernist highlights Carlos Sanchez Malaga. Later in the twentieth century include Roberto Ramirez-Ortiz Zevallos, Roberto Carpio Valdez, Juan Francisco Ballon Ballon, Armando Sanchez-Málaga and Benigno Ballón Farfán González, author of numerous yaravíes, sailors and popular waltz "Melgar."
International relations.
Twin towns – Sister cities.
The city of Arequipa is actively involved in town twinning policy reason has had throughout its history various twinning with different cities and regions. The twin cities of Arequipa are:

</doc>
<doc id="18952470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952470" title="Brikama Forest Park">
Brikama Forest Park

Brikama Forest Park is a forest park in the Gambia. Established on January 1, 1954 it covers 356 hectares.

</doc>
<doc id="18952479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952479" title="Xerophyte">
Xerophyte

A xerophyte (from Greek "xero" dry, "phuton" plant) is a species of plant that has adapted to survive in an environment with little water, such as a desert or an ice- or snow-covered region in the Alps or the Arctic.
The morphology and physiology of xerophytes are variously adapted to conserve water, and commonly also to store large quantities of water, during dry periods. Other species may be adapted to survive long periods of desiccation of their tissues, during which their metabolic activity may effectively shut down. Plants with such morphological and physiological adaptations are called "xeromorphic".
Introduction.
Plants absorb water from the soil, which then evaporates from their outer surfaces; this process is known as transpiration. In dry environments, a typical (mesophytic) plant would evaporate water faster than the rate at which water was replaced in the soil, leading to wilting. To reduce this effect, xerophytic plants exhibit a variety of specialized adaptations to survive in such conditions. Xerophytes may use water from their own storage, allocate water specifically to sites of new tissue growth, or lose less water to the atmosphere and so convert a greater proportion of water in the soil to growth, or have other adaptations to manage water supply and enable them to survive.
Cacti and other succulents are commonly found in deserts, where there is little rainfall. Other xerophytes, such as certain bromeliads, can survive through both extremely wet and extremely dry periods and can be found in seasonally moist habitats such as tropical forests, exploiting niches where water supplies are too intermittent for mesophytic plants to survive. Likewise, chaparral plants are adapted to Mediterranean climates, which have wet winters and dry summers. Plants that live under arctic conditions also have a need for xerophytic adaptations, since water is unavailable for uptake when the ground is frozen.
Types of xerophytes.
Succulent plants store water in their stems or leaves. They include the Cactaceae family, which has round stems and can store a lot of water. The leaves are often vestigial, as in the case of cacti, wherein the leaves are reduced to spines, or they do not have leaves at all.
Water is stored in the bulbs of some plants, at or below ground level. They may be dormant during drought conditions and are, therefore, known as drought evaders.
Importance of water conservation.
If the water potential (or strictly, water vapour potential) inside a leaf is higher than outside, the water vapour will diffuse out of the leaf down this gradient. This loss of water vapour from the leaves is called transpiration, and the water vapour diffuses through the open stomata. Transpiration is natural and inevitable for plants, and much water is lost through this process. However, it is vital that plants living in dry conditions are adapted so as to reduce this water loss and decrease the size of the open stomata, in order to reduce unnecessary loss from the plant. It is important for a plant living in these conditions to conserve water because, without enough water, plant cells lose turgor. This is known as plasmolysis. If the plant loses too much water, it will pass its permanent wilting point, and die.
In brief, the rate of transpiration is governed by the number of stomata, leaf area (allowing for more stomata), temperature differential, the relative humidity, the presence of wind or air movement, the light intensity, and the presence of a waxy cuticle. It is important to note, that whilst it is vital to keep stomata closed, they have to be opened for gaseous exchange in photosynthesis.
Morphological adaptations.
Xerophytic plants may have similar shapes, forms, and structures and look very similar, even if the plants are not very closely related, through a process called convergent evolution. For example, some species of cacti (members of the family "Cactaceae"), which evolved only in the Americas, may appear similar to "Euphorbia"s, which are distributed worldwide. An unrelated species of caudiciforms, plants with swollen bases that are used to store water, may also display such similarities. 
Reduction of surface area.
Xerophytic plants can have less overall surface area than other plants, so reducing the area that is exposed to the air and reducing water loss by evaporation. Xerophytes can have smaller leaves or fewer branches than other plants. An example of leaf surface reduction are the spines of a cactus. An example of compaction and reduction of branching are the barrel cacti. Other xerophytes may have their leaves compacted at the base, as in a basal rosette, which may be smaller than the plant's flower. This adaptation is exhibited by some "Agave" and "Eriogonum" species, which can be found growing near Death Valley.
Reduction in air flow.
Some xerophytes have tiny hairs on their surface to provide a wind break and reduce air flow, thereby reducing the rate of evaporation. When a plant surface is covered with tiny hairs, it is called tomentose.
In a still environment, the areas under the leaves/spines where transpiration is taking place form a small localised environment that is more saturated than normal with water vapour. If this is not blown away by wind, the water vapour potential gradient is reduced and so is transpiration. Thus, in a windier situation, this localization is not held and so the gradient remains high, which aids the loss of water vapour. Spines trap a layer of moisture and also slow air movement over tissues.
Reflectivity.
The color of a plant, or of the waxes or hairs on its surface, may serve to reflect sunlight and reduce evaporation. An example is the white chalky wax (epicuticular wax) coating of "Dudleya brittonii", which has the highest ultraviolet light (UV) reflectivity of any known naturally occurring biological substance. 
Physiological adaptations.
Some plants can store water in root structures, trunk structures, stems, and leaves. Water storage in swollen parts of the plant is known as succulence. A swollen trunk or root at the ground level of a plant is called a caudex and plants with swollen bases are called caudiciforms.
Tiny pores on the surface of a xerophytic plant called stomata may open only at night, so as to reduce evaporation.
Plants may secrete resins and waxes (epicuticular wax) on their surfaces, which reduce evaporation. Examples are the heavily scented and flammable resins (volatile organic compounds) of some chaparral plants, such as Malosma laurina, or the chalky wax of Dudleya pulverulenta.
Plants may drop their leaves in times of dryness (drought deciduous), or modify the leaves produced so that they are smaller.
During dry times, xerophytic plants may stop growing and go dormant, change the kind of photosynthesis, or change the allocation of the products of photosynthesis from growing new leaves to the roots.
Seeds may be modified to require an excessive amount of water before germinating, so as to ensure a sufficient water supply for the seedling's survival. An example of this is the California poppy, whose seeds lie dormant during drought and then germinate, grow, flower, and form seeds within four weeks of rainfall.
Modification of environment.
The leaf litter on the ground around a plant can provide an evaporative barrier to prevent water loss. Waxes shed from some plants coat the ground, so reducing evaporation in the immediate vicinity of the plant, as in the case of "Dudleya pulverulenta". A plant’s root mass itself may also hold organic material that retains water, as in the case of the arrow weed ("Pluchea sericea").

</doc>
<doc id="18952482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952482" title="Karl von Struve">
Karl von Struve

Karl von Struve (1835–1907) () (Alternate spelling in U.S.: de Struve) was a Russian nobleman and politician. He served, in turn, as Russian Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Japan, the United States, and The Netherlands.
Early life and marriage.
Struve was born in Tartu in 1835, the son of Friedrich Georg Wilhelm von Struve (1793–1864) and his second wife, Johannah H.F. Bathels. His father was a native of Altona, Germany, who emigrated in 1808 to avoid conscription in the Napoleonic armies, going first to Denmark and then Russia. The elder Struve was appointed professor of astronomy and mathematics at the University of Dorpat (now Tartu) in 1813 and director of the Dorpat Observatory in 1817. In 1835, the year of Karl's birth, he was asked by Tsar Nicholas I to supervise construction of the Pulkovo Observatory, of which he was director from 1839 to 1862.
Karl von Struve was a half-brother of the astronomer Otto Wilhelm von Struve (1819–1905) and the politician Bernhard Vasilyevitch Struve, Imperial Privy Councilor and Governor of Perm and Astrakhan. He was a grand-uncle of Otto Struve (1897–1963), the Russian-born director of the Yerkes, McDonald and Leuschner observatories in the United States.
He married Maria Nicolaevna Annenkova, daughter of General Nicholas Annenkov and sister of General Michael Nicolaivitch Annenkoff, Elizabeth, princess Galitzine, and Alexandra, Vicomtesse de Vogüé. The Struves were the parents of five children:
Diplomatic career.
Struve's first posting as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary was to Tokyo, capital of the Japanese Empire, which under the Emperor Meiji was undergoing a rapid Westernization of its government, industry and military.
In 1882, Struve was posted as Minister to the United States. Struve and his wife were noted Washington society habitués, holding soirees and a Sunday salon for Washington’s diplomatic and political elite. Their residence in Washington was in Farragut Square, near the home of United States Senator Leland Stanford of California. From 1882 to 1892, a variety of powerful men and women passed through the Struves’ door: the Theodore Roosevelts, Henry Adamses, James G. Blaines, Leland Stanfords, and many others. The Struves were also noted collectors, donating ethnological prints of Russians to the Smithsonian Institution and a vast teapot collection (more than 900) to various European collectors. In line with German practice, he was entitled to use the title of Baron von Struve while abroad, though this was denied him while resident in Germany or Russia. The American press generally rendered his title and name as Baron de Struve.
Returning to St. Petersburg in 1892, Struve received his final diplomatic posting in 1893 when he was sent as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the Netherlands. 
Karl von Struve died in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="18952492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952492" title="Anthocyanin">
Anthocyanin

Anthocyanins (also anthocyans; from Greek: " (anthos)" = flower + " (kyanos)" = blue) are water-soluble vacuolar pigments that may appear red, purple, or blue depending on the pH. They belong to a parent class of molecules called flavonoids synthesized via the phenylpropanoid pathway; they are odorless and nearly flavorless, contributing to taste as a moderately astringent sensation. Anthocyanins occur in all tissues of higher plants, including leaves, stems, roots, flowers, and fruits. Anthoxanthins are clear, white to yellow counterparts of anthocyanins occurring in plants. Anthocyanins are derived from anthocyanidins by adding pendant sugars.
Function.
In flowers, bright-reds and -purples are adaptive for attracting pollinators. In fruits, the colorful skins also attract the attention of animals, which may eat the fruits and disperse the seeds. In photosynthetic tissues (such as leaves and sometimes stems), anthocyanins have been shown to act as a "sunscreen", protecting cells from high-light damage by absorbing blue-green and ultraviolet light, thereby protecting the tissues from photoinhibition, or high-light stress. This has been shown to occur in red juvenile leaves, autumn leaves, and broad-leaf evergreen leaves that turn red during the winter. The red coloration of leaves has been proposed to possibly camouflage leaves from herbivores blind to red wavelengths, or signal unpalatability, since anthocyanin synthesis often coincides with synthesis of unpalatable phenolic compounds.
In addition to their role as light-attenuators, anthocyanins also act as powerful antioxidants. However, it is not clear whether anthocyanins can significantly contribute to scavenging of free radicals produced through metabolic processes in leaves, since they are located in the vacuole and, thus, spatially separated from metabolic reactive oxygen species. Some studies have shown hydrogen peroxide produced in other organelles can be neutralized by vacuolar anthocyanin.
Light absorbance.
The absorbance pattern responsible for the red color of anthocyanins may be complementary to that of green chlorophyll in photosynthetically active tissues such as young "Quercus coccifera" leaves. It may protect the leaves from attacks by plant eaters that may be attracted by green color.
pH.
Anthocyanins are generally degraded at higher pH. However, some anthocyanins, such as petanin (Petunidin 3-[6-O-(4-O-E-p-coumaroyl-O-α-l-rhamnopyranosyl)-β-d-glucopyranoside]-5-O-β-d-glucopyranoside), are resistant to degradation at pH 8 and can be used as a food colorant.
Use as pH indicator.
Anthocyanins can be used as pH indicators because their color changes with pH; they are pink in acidic solutions (pH < 7), purple in neutral solutions (pH ~ 7), greenish-yellow in alkaline solutions (pH > 7), and colourless in very alkaline solutions, where the pigment is completely reduced.
Occurrence.
Anthocyanins are found in the cell vacuole, mostly in flowers and fruits but also in leaves, stems, and roots. In these parts, they are found predominantly in outer cell layers such as the epidermis and peripheral mesophyll cells.
Most frequently occurring in nature are the glycosides of cyanidin, delphinidin, malvidin, pelargonidin, peonidin, and petunidin. Roughly 2% of all hydrocarbons fixed in photosynthesis are converted into flavonoids and their derivatives such as the anthocyanins. No fewer than 109 tons of anthocyanins are produced in nature per year. Not all land plants contain anthocyanin; in the Caryophyllales (including cactus, beets, and amaranth), they are replaced by betalains. Anthocyanins and betalains have never been found in the same plant.
Plants with abnormally high anthocyanin quantities are popular as ornamental plants.
In food.
Plants rich in anthocyanins are "Vaccinium" species, such as blueberry, cranberry, and bilberry; "Rubus" berries, including black raspberry, red raspberry, and blackberry; blackcurrant, cherry, eggplant peel, black rice, Concord grape, muscadine grape, red cabbage, and violet petals. Anthocyanins are less abundant in banana, asparagus, pea, fennel, pear, and potato, and may be totally absent in certain cultivars of green gooseberries. Red-fleshed peaches are rich in anthocyanins.
The highest recorded amount appears to be specifically in the seed coat of black soybean ("Glycine max" L. Merr.) containing some 2,000 mg per 100 g and in skins and pulp of black chokeberry ("Aronia melanocarpa" L.) (table). However, the Amazonian palmberry, açaí, having about 320 mg per 100 g of which cyanidin-3-glucoside is the most prevalent individual anthocyanin (approximately 10 mg per 100 g), is also a high-content source for which only a small fraction of total anthocyanins has been determined to date. Due to critical differences in sample origin, preparation and extraction methods determining anthocyanin content, the values presented in the adjoining table are not directly comparable.
Nature, traditional agriculture, and plant breeding have produced various uncommon crops containing anthocyanins, including blue- or red-flesh potatoes and purple or red broccoli, cabbage, cauliflower, carrots, and corn. Tomatoes have been bred conventionally for high anthocyanin content by crossing wild relatives with the common tomato to transfer a gene called the anthocyanin fruit tomato ("aft") gene into a larger and more palatable fruit.
Tomatoes have also been genetically modified with transcription factors from snapdragons to produce high levels of anthocyanins in the fruits. Anthocyanins can also be found in naturally ripened olives, and are partly responsible for the red and purple colors of some olives.
Autumn leaf color.
The reds, the purples, and their blended combinations that decorate autumn foliage come from anthocyanins. Unlike the carotenoids, these pigments are not present in the leaf throughout the growing season, but are actively produced towards the end of summer. They develop in late summer in the sap of the cells of the leaf, and this development is the result of complex interactions of many influences, both inside and outside the plant. Their formation depends on the breakdown of sugars in the presence of bright light as the level of phosphate in the leaf is reduced.
Anthocyanins are present in about 10% of tree species in temperate regions, although in certain areas such as New England, up to 70% of tree species may produce the pigment.
Many science textbooks incompletely state that autumn coloration (including red) is the result of breakdown of green chlorophyll, which unmasks the already-present orange, yellow, and red pigments (carotenoids, xanthophylls, and anthocyanins, respectively). While this is indeed the case for the carotenoids and xanthophylls (orange and yellow pigments), anthocyanins are not synthesized until the plant has begun breaking down the chlorophyll.
Structure.
Anthocyanidins: Flavylium cation derivatives.
"See Anthocyanidins article".
Anthocyanins: Glycosides of anthocyanidins.
The anthocyanins, anthocyanidins with sugar group(s), are mostly 3-glucosides of the anthocyanidins. The anthocyanins are subdivided into the sugar-free anthocyanidin aglycones and the anthocyanin glycosides. As of 2003, more than 400 anthocyanins had been reported while more recent literature (early 2006), puts the number at more than 550 different anthocyanins. The difference in chemical structure that occurs in response to changes in pH is the reason why anthocyanins are often used as pH indicators, as they change from red in acids to blue in bases.
Anthocyanins: Stability.
Anthocyanins are thought to be subject to physiochemical degradation "in vivo" and "in vitro". Structure, pH, temperature, light, oxygen, metal ions, intramolecular association, and intermolecular association with other compounds (copigments, sugars, proteins, degradation products, etc.) are generally known to affect the color and stability of anthocyanins. B-ring hydroxylation status and pH have been shown to mediate the degradation of anthocyanins to their phenolic acid and aldehyde constituents. Indeed, significant portions of ingested anthocyanins are likely to degrade to phenolic acids and aldehyde "in vivo", following consumption. This characteristic confounds scientific isolation of specific anthocyanin mechanisms "in vivo".
Biosynthesis.
More than five enzymes are thus required to synthesize these pigments, each working in concert. Even a minor disruption in any of the mechanism of these enzymes by either genetic or environmental factors would halt anthocyanin production. While the biological burden of producing anthocyanins is relatively high, plants benefit significantly from environmental adaptation, disease tolerance, and pest tolerance provided by anthocyanins.
In anthocyanin biosynthetic pathway, L-phenylalanine is converted to naringenin by phenylalanine ammonialyase (PAL), cinnamate 4-hydroxylase (C4H), 4-coumarate CoA ligase (4CL), chalcone synthase (CHS) and chalcone isomerase (CHI). And then, the next pathway is catalyzed the formation of complex aglycone and anthocyanin composition by flavanone 3-hydroxylase (F3H), flavonoid 3'-hydroxylase (F3'H), dihydroflavonol 4-reductase (DFR), anthocyanidin synthase (ANS), (UFGT) and methyl transferase (MT). Among those, UFGT is divided into UF3GT and UF5GT, which are responsible for the glucosylation of anthocyanin to produce stable molecules.
In "Arabidopsis thaliana", two glycosyltransferases, UGT79B1 and UGT84A2, are involved in the anthocyanin biosynthetic pathway. The UGT79B1 protein converts cyanidin 3-O-glucoside to cyanidin 3-O-xylosyl(1→2)glucoside. UGT84A2 encodes .
Genetic analysis.
The phenolic metabolic pathways and enzymes can be studied by mean of transgenesis of genes. The "Arabidopsis" regulatory gene in the production of anthocyanin pigment 1 ("AtPAP1") can be expressed in other plant species.
Potential food value.
Anthocyanins are considered secondary metabolites as a food additive with E number E163 (INS number 163); they are approved for use as a food additive in the EU, Australia and New Zealand.
Although anthocyanins are powerful antioxidants "in vitro", this antioxidant property is unlikely to be conserved after the plant is consumed. As interpreted by the Linus Pauling Institute and European Food Safety Authority, dietary anthocyanins and other flavonoids have little or no direct antioxidant food value following digestion. Unlike controlled test-tube conditions, the fate of anthocyanins "in vivo" shows they are poorly conserved (less than 5%), with most of what is absorbed existing as chemically modified metabolites that are rapidly excreted.
The increase in antioxidant capacity of blood seen after the consumption of anthocyanin-rich foods may not be caused directly by the anthocyanins, but instead may result from increased uric acid levels derived from metabolism of flavonoids.
Dye-sensitized solar cells.
Anthocyanins have been used in organic solar cells because of their ability to convert light energy into electrical energy. The many benefits to using dye-sensitized solar cells instead of traditional pn junction silicon cells include lower purity requirements and abundance of component materials, such as titania, as well as the fact they can be produced on flexible substrates, making them amenable to roll-to-roll printing processes.
Research on health benefits.
General research.
Richly concentrated as pigments in berries, anthocyanins were the topics of research presented at a 2007 symposium on health benefits that may result from berry consumption.
According to a 2009 study: "A growing body of evidence suggests anthocyanins and anthocyanidins may possess analgesic properties in addition to neuroprotective and anti-inﬂammatory activities".
"In vitro", anthocyanins possess MAO inhibitory activity for both MAO-A and MAO-B; MAO function is connected to neurodegenerative diseases, depression, and anxiety. The relevance to humans of anthocyanins and MAO activity requires further research, however.
Anthocyanins also fluoresce; combined with their antioxidant properties, this can be a powerful tool for plant cell research, allowing live cell imaging for extended periods of time without a requirement for other fluorophores.
Cancer research.
According to the American Cancer Society, researchers are investigating the positive effects phytochemicals such as anthocyanin may have in the human diet, by researching the possible effect of specific compounds. However, there have been no strong studies in humans showing that any phytochemical supplement can prevent or treat cancer.
Use as visual markers to mark genetically modified materials.
Anthocyanin production can be engineered into genetically modified materials to enable their visual identification.

</doc>
<doc id="18952509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952509" title="Count of Pardiac">
Count of Pardiac

The Count of Pardiac was a title in the French nobility.
It was held by:

</doc>
<doc id="18952511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952511" title="Dobo Forest Park">
Dobo Forest Park

Dobo Forest Park is a forest park in the Gambia. Established on January 1, 1954 it covers 732 hectares.

</doc>
<doc id="18952512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952512" title="Fouquieria">
Fouquieria

Fouquieria is a genus of 11 species of desert plants, the sole genus in the family Fouquieriaceae. The genus includes the ocotillo ("F. splendens") and the boojum tree or cirio ("F. columnaris"). They have semisucculent stems with thinner spikes projecting from them, with leaves on the bases spikes. They are unrelated to cacti and do not look much like them; their stems are proportionately thinner than cactus stems and their leaves are larger.
These plants are native to northern Mexico and the bordering US states of Arizona, southern California, New Mexico, and parts of southwestern Texas, favoring low, arid hillsides.
The Seri people identify three species of "Fouquieria" in their area of Mexico: "jomjéeziz" or "xomjéeziz" ("F. splendens"), "jomjéeziz caacöl" ("F. diguetii", Baja California tree ocotillo), and "cototaj" ("F. columnaris", boojum).
The genus is named after French physician Pierre Fouquier (1776-1850).
The spines of "Fouquieria" develop in an unusual way, from a woody thickening on the outer (lower) side of the leaf petiole, which remains after the leaf blade and most of the petiole separate and fall from the plant.
Classification.
"Fouquieria" species do not have a particularly close resemblance to any other sort of plants; genetic evidence has shown they belong in the Ericales. Prior to this, they had been variously placed in the Violales or their own order, Fouquieriales.
Ecology.
"Fouquieria shrevei" is endemic to the Cuatro Ciénegas basin in Mexico, and is unusual in possessing vertical resinous wax bands on the stems, and exhibits gypsophily, the ability to grow on soils with a high concentration of gypsum. It has aromatic white flowers and is presumed to be moth-pollinated. Other species in the genus with orange or red flowers are pollinated by hummingbirds or carpenter bees. "Fouquieria diguetii" is host to a peacock mite, "Tuckerella eloisae".

</doc>
<doc id="18952520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952520" title="Euphorbiaceae">
Euphorbiaceae

Euphorbiaceae, the spurge family, is a large family of flowering plants with 300 genera and around 7,500 species. Most spurges are herbs, but some, especially in the tropics, are shrubs or trees. Some are succulent and resemble cacti.
This family occurs mainly in the tropics, with the majority of the species in the Indo-Malayan region and tropical America a good second. A large variety occurs in tropical Africa, but they are not as abundant or varied as in these two other tropical regions. However, "Euphorbia" also has many species in nontropical areas such as the Mediterranean Basin, the Middle East, South Africa, and southern USA.
The leaves are alternate, seldom opposite, with stipules. They are mainly simple, but where compound, are always palmate, never pinnate. Stipules may be reduced to hairs, glands, or spines, or in succulent species are sometimes absent.
The radially symmetrical flowers are unisexual, with the male and the female flowers usually occurring on the same plant. As can be expected from such a large family, there is a wide variety in the structure of the flowers. They can be monoecious or dioecious. The stamens (the male organs) can number from one to 10 (or even more). The female flowers are hypogynous, that is, with superior ovaries.
The genera in tribe Euphorbieae, subtribe Euphorbiinae ("Euphorbia" and close relatives) show a highly specialized form of pseudanthium ("false flower" made up of several true flowers) called a cyathium. This is usually a small, cup-like involucre consisting of fused-together bracts and peripheral nectary glands, surrounding a ring of male flowers, each a single stamen. In the middle of the cyathium stands a female flower: a single pistil with branched stigmas. This whole arrangement resembles a single flower.
The fruit is usually a schizocarp, but sometimes a drupe. A typical schizocarp is the regma, a capsular fruit with three or more cells, each of which splits open at maturity into separate parts and then breaks away explosively, scattering the small seeds.
The family contains a large variety of phytotoxins (toxic substances produced by plants), mainly diterpene esters, alkaloids, glycosides, and ricin-type toxins.
A milky latex is a characteristic of the subfamilies Euphorbioideae and Crotonoideae. This latex is poisonous in the Euphorbioideae, but innocuous in the Crotonoideae. White mangrove ("Excoecaria agallocha"), or blind-your-eye mangrove latex causes blistering on contact and temporary blindness if it contacts the eyes. Other common names are milky mangrove, "buta buta" (Malay), and "gewa" (Bangladesh). The latex of spurge was used as a laxative.
Recent molecular studies have shown that the enigmatic family Rafflesiaceae, which was only recently recognized to belong to order Malpighiales, is derived from within Euphorbiaceae.
Uses.
A number of plants of the spurge family are of considerable economic importance. Prominent plants include cassava ("Manihot esculenta"), castor oil plant ("Ricinus communis"), Barbados nut ("Jatropha curcas"), and the Para rubber tree ("Hevea brasiliensis").
Many are grown as ornamental plants, such as poinsettia ("Euphorbia pulcherrima"). Leafy spurge ("Euphorbia esula") and Chinese tallow ("Triadica sebifera") are invasive weeds in North America.
In medicine, some species of Euphorbiaceae proved effective against genital herpes (HSV-2).
Vulnerability.
Some species, despite their medicinal benefits, are facing the risk of becoming extinct. These species include the "Euphorbia" species "E. appariciana", "E. attastoma", "E. crossadenia" and "E. gymnoclada".

</doc>
<doc id="18952521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952521" title="Godfrey M. Hyams">
Godfrey M. Hyams

Godfrey M. Hyams (1859–1927) was an American metallurgist, civil engineer, financier, and philanthropist.
Life.
Hyams was born in Baltimore, Maryland. His family moved to Boston, Massachusetts while he was a child. He graduated from Boston English High School and attended Harvard College, where he graduated in 1881.
Hyams became an investment banker based in Boston, and specialized in natural resources. He was responsible for the growth of such companies as the Anaconda Mining Company. In the early twentieth century, he was the principal financial manager for the construction of the Deepwater Railway in West Virginia and the Tidewater Railway in Virginia, which were combined in 1907 to form the Virginian Railway (VGN), completed in 1909. The new railroad, ostensibly headed by coal mining manager William Nelson Page of Ansted, West Virginia, was financed almost entirely from the personal fortune of a silent partner, industrialist Henry Huttleston Rogers, a native of Fairhaven, Massachusetts. It opened up major new areas of bituminous coal in some of the most rugged terrain in southern West Virginia for shipment to Hampton Roads, where a new coal pier was built at Sewell's Point.
Godfrey M. Hyams remained an officer of the Virginian Railway for the rest of his life. He married Mary Wilson Hyams, and she died in Boston May 15, 1934. Hyams died in Boston on October 7, 1927.
Legacy.
He left the bulk of his estate in trust for charitable purposes. It was one of the largest philanthropic gifts ever made in Massachusetts.
His funds and those of a sister were combined later, and are now handled by The Hyams Foundation, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18952530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952530" title="Xeriscaping">
Xeriscaping

Xeriscaping (less commonly xeroscape) is landscaping and gardening that reduces or eliminates the need for supplemental water from irrigation. It is promoted in regions that do not have easily accessible, plentiful, or reliable supplies of fresh water, and is gaining acceptance in other areas as water becomes more limiting. Xeriscaping may be an alternative to various types of traditional gardening.
In 1981, a Denver water employee coined the term xeriscape, which is a portmanteau of "xeros" ξήρος (Greek for "dry") and "landscaping", and "xeriscape" is used for this style of garden. Xeriscape is a registered trademark of the water department of Denver, Colorado.
In some areas, terms such as water-conserving landscapes, "drought-tolerant" landscaping, and "smart scaping" are used instead. Plants whose natural requirements are appropriate to the local climate are emphasized, and care is taken to avoid losing water to evaporation and run-off. The specific plants used in xeriscaping depend upon the climate. Xeriscaping is different from natural landscaping, because the emphasis in xeriscaping is on selection of plants for water conservation, not necessarily selecting native plants.
X-ratings.
In 1982 the Denver water Department's Xeriscape Demonstration Garden was dedicated with an "X-rated party". The X stood for Xeriscape, but the humor was intended. Garden centers continued with a system of X-ratings, from X to XXX, to specify how much water individual types of plants need.
Denver Water summary.
The Xeriscape concept has been denoted by Denver Water in 7 basic principles:
1. Plan and design Create a diagram, drawn to scale, that shows the major elements of the landscape, including house, driveway, sidewalk, deck or patio, existing trees and other elements.
Once a base plan of an existing site has been determined, the creation of a conceptual plan (bubble diagram) that shows the areas for turf, perennial beds, views, screens, slopes, etc. is undertaken. Once finished, the development of a planting plan that reinforces the areas in the appropriate scale is done.
2. Soil amendment Most plants will benefit from the use of compost, which will help the soil retain water. Some desert plants prefer gravel soils instead of well-amended soils. Plants should either fit the soil or soil should be amended to fit the plants.
3. Efficient irrigation Xeriscape can be irrigated efficiently by hand or with an automatic sprinkler system. Zone turf areas separately from other plants and use the irrigation method that waters the plants in each area most efficiently. For grass, use gear-driven rotors or rotary spray nozzles that have larger droplets and low angles to avoid wind drift. Spray, drip line or bubbler emitters are most efficient for watering trees, shrubs, flowers and groundcovers.
If watering by hand, avoid oscillating sprinklers and other sprinklers that throw water high in the air or release a fine mist. The most efficient sprinklers release big drops close to the ground.
Water deeply and infrequently to develop deep roots. Never water during the day to reduce water lost to evaporation. With the use of automatic sprinkling systems, adjust the controller monthly to accommodate weather conditions. Also, install a rain sensor to shut off the device when it rains.
4. Appropriate plant and zone selection Different areas in a yard receive different amounts of light, wind and moisture. To minimize water waste, group together plants with similar light and water requirements, and place them in an area that matches these requirements. Put moderate-water-use plants in low-lying drainage areas, near downspouts, or in the shade of other plants. Turf typically requires the most water and shrub/perennial beds will require approximately half the amount of water.
Dry, sunny areas support low-water-use plants that grow well in our climate. Planting a variety of plants with different heights, color and textures creates interest and beauty.
5. Mulch Mulch keeps plant roots cool, prevents soil from crusting, minimizes evaporation and reduces weed growth. Organic mulches, such as bark chips, pole peelings or wood grindings, should be applied 2 to 4 inches deep. Fiber mulches create a web that is more resistant to wind and rain washout. Inorganic mulches, such as rocks and gravel, should be applied 2 to 3 inches deep. Surrounding plants with rock makes the area hotter; limit this practice.
6. Alternative turf Native grasses (warm-season) that have been cultivated for turf lawns, such as buffalo grass and blue grama, can survive with a quarter of the water that bluegrass varieties need. Warm-season grasses are greenest in June through September and straw brown the rest of the year.
Native grasses (cool season) such as bluegrass and tall fescue, are greenest in the spring and fall and go dormant in the high heat of the summer. New cultivars of bluegrass, such as Reveille, and tall fescue, can reduce typical bluegrass water requirements by at least 30 percent. Fine fescues can provide substantial water savings and is best used in areas that receive low traffic or are in shady locations.
Use the appropriate grass and limit the amount of grass to reduce the watering and maintenance requirements.
7. Maintenance All landscapes require some degree of care during the year. Turf requires spring and fall aeration along with regular fertilization every 6 to 8 weeks. Keep the grass height at 3 inches and allow the clippings to fall. Trees, shrubs and perennials will need occasional pruning to remove dead stems, promote blooming or control height and spread. Much of the removed plant material can be shredded and used in composting piles.

</doc>
<doc id="18952534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952534" title="Hessel Hermana">
Hessel Hermana

Hessel Hermana is the fourth potestaat (or elected governor) of Friesland in the list of rulers of Frisia. Supposedly from Sexbierum (chosen 869 - died c876), he does not appear in historical sources until the late 16th century.
His name is then attached to the Dane Rudolf Haraldsson who invaded Oostergo in order to recover Danegeld (tribute) by force. These Danes were on the way back from France. A battle ensued with this gang of 800 Vikings involving the death of 500 Danes on the battlefield. Rudolf Haraldsson was killed in battle and the Frisians won, but Hessel also lost his life.
His predecessor was Adelbrik Adelen and he was succeeded by Igo Galema as potestaat.
His family crest exhibits 2 Frisian eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="18952536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952536" title="Jimmy Loughran">
Jimmy Loughran

James "Jimmy" Loughran (10 September 1897 – 25 October 1970) was an [English footballer.
Loughran played for Easington Colliery, Hull City, Barrow, York City, Newark Town, Goole Town and Fulford United.

</doc>
<doc id="18952563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952563" title="José Miguel de Carvajal-Vargas, 2nd Duke of San Carlos">
José Miguel de Carvajal-Vargas, 2nd Duke of San Carlos

José Miguel de Carvajal-Vargas y Manrique de Lara, (Lima, Perú, 8 May 1771 – París, 27 September 1828), 2nd duke of San Carlos, 6th conde de Castillejo and 9th conde del Puerto, 10th "Correo Mayor de las Indias", was the son of Mariano Joaquín de Carvajal-Vargas y Brun, 8th conde del Puerto, (deceased April 1796), and the grand son of Fermín Francisco de Carvajal-Vargas y Alarcón, born in Chile, 1st duke of San Carlos and Grandee of Spain, being a Secretary of State, some sort of Prime Minister of Spain under the Absolutist Restauration in the times of King Fernando VII of Spain, (1784–1833). He was a member of the Royal Spanish Academy from 1814 to 1828 and, three times Mayordomo mayor to the King.
He was Viceroy of Navarra during part of the tear 1807, and Spanish ambassador in Paris, London and Lisbonne, Knight of the Military Order of Alcantara and other knighthoods in France, Naples, Prussia Hungay, and Russia. In 1813 he drafted the Treaty of Valençay. He was also a Director of the problematic Banco de San Carlos, founded in 1782 by the French - Spanish financier Francisco Cabarrus, (1752–1810), father of famous French Revolution woman Madame Tallien, (31 July 1773 – 15 January 1835).
One daughter from his second marriage, Maria Luisa, married in Bordeaux, France, in 1821, aged 17, Vicente Pio Osorio de Moscoso, (1801–1864), aged 20 and the holder of 14 Grandees of Spain.
Some references.
A rather skimpy complementary but not well-known list of Viceroys and Spanish Governors or Representatives in Navarre of the Central Power in Madrid, rather good for the period 1512–1843.:
http://www.asasve.es/portal/index.php?mod=article&cat=articulos&article=63

</doc>
<doc id="18952568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952568" title="3rd Ship Flotilla">
3rd Ship Flotilla

3rd Ship Flotilla is a tactical unit of the Polish Navy composed of 11 sub-units. The unit is a main strike force of the Polish Navy, it operates various warships types such as frigates, corvettes, submarines or fast attack crafts. The main base of 3.FO is Gdynia-Oksywie Naval Base.

</doc>
<doc id="18952590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952590" title="Diocese of Sant'Agata de' Goti">
Diocese of Sant'Agata de' Goti

The former Italian Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Agata dei Goti was in the Province of Benevento, Southern Italy. It was a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Benevento. In 1986 it was united into the Diocese of Cerreto Sannita-Telese-Sant’Agata de’ Goti.
History.
The name Sant'Agata de' Goti of the see is derived possibly from a body of Goths who took refuge there after the battle of Vesuvius (552); the church of the Goths in Rome, too, was dedicated to St. Agatha. Besides the Saticulan inscriptions there are two Christian inscriptions of the sixth century. In 866 Emperor Louis II captured it from the Byzantines, who had taken it from the Duchy of Benevento.
In 1066 it fell into the hands of the Normans. It was almost completely destroyed by an earthquake in 1456. 
It had already been an episcopal see for a long time when the first bishop, Madelfridus, was appointed (970); a metrical epitaph of his successor, Adelardus, is preserved in the Church of the Misericordia. Other bishops were:

</doc>
<doc id="18952592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952592" title="Drakulić">
Drakulić

Drakulić is a Christian Serbo-Croatian surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18952605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952605" title="Spring training">
Spring training

In Major League Baseball, spring training is a series of practices and exhibition games preceding the start of the championship season. Spring training allows new players to try out for roster and position spots, and gives existing team players practice time prior to competitive play. Spring training has always attracted fan attention, drawing crowds who travel to the warmer climates to enjoy the weather and watch their favorite teams play, and spring training usually coincides with spring break for many college students.
Spring training typically lasts about six weeks, starting in mid February and running until just before the season opening day (and often right at the end of spring training, some teams will play spring training games on the same day other teams have opening day of the season), traditionally the first week of April. Pitchers and catchers report to spring training first because pitchers benefit from a longer training period. A few days later, the position players arrive and team practice begins. Team members normally wear their batting practice uniforms for the duration of spring training and only wear their normal jerseys beginning on Opening Day.
History.
Spring training by major league teams in sites other than their championship-season game sites first became popular in the 1890s and by 1910 were in wide use. Early training sites include the St. Louis Cardinals in Hot Springs, Arkansas, and Tulsa, Oklahoma; the New York Yankees in New Orleans and later Phoenix, Arizona, when the team was owned by Del Webb; the Chicago Cubs in Los Angeles when owned by William Wrigley Jr.; the St. Louis Browns and later the Kansas City Athletics in San Diego as well the A's were in West Palm Beach, Florida; the Pittsburgh Pirates in Honolulu and other teams joined in by the early 1940s. The Detroit Tigers are credited with being the first team to conduct spring training camp in Arizona. They trained in Phoenix at Riverside Park at Central Avenue and the Salt River in 1929.
The Philadelphia Phillies were the first of the current major-league teams to train in Florida, when they spent two weeks in Jacksonville, Florida in 1889. Spring training in Florida began in earnest in 1913, when the Chicago Cubs played in Tampa, and the Cleveland Indians in Pensacola. One year later, two other teams moved to Florida for spring training, the real start of the Grapefruit League. And except for a couple of years during World War II, when travel restrictions prevented teams training south of the Potomac and Ohio rivers, Florida hosted more than half of the spring training teams through 2009. Since 2010, major league teams have been equally divided during spring training, with 15 teams in Florida and 15 teams in Arizona. All but six of the major league teams have gone to spring training in Florida at one time or another. Many of the most famous players in baseball history (Ruth, Gehrig, Musial, Cobb, Mays, DiMaggio, Berra, Mantle, and many more) have called Florida home for 4–6 weeks every spring.
According to the autobiography of former Cleveland Indians owner Bill Veeck, avoiding racism was one reason the Cactus League was established. In 1947, Veeck was the owner of the minor league Milwaukee Brewers and the team trained in Ocala, Fla. Veeck inadvertently sat in the Black section of the segregated stands and engaged in conversation with a couple of fans. According to Veeck's book, the local law enforcement told Veeck he could not sit in that section, and then called the Ocala mayor when Veeck argued back. The mayor finally backed down when Veeck threatened to take his team elsewhere for spring training and promised to let the country know why. Veeck's account was the subject of much debate among sportswriters after his autobiography was published, but later investigations proved his story to be mostly accurate.
Veeck sold the Brewers in 1945 and retired to his ranch in Tucson, Arizona, but soon purchased the Cleveland Indians in 1946. He decided to buck tradition and train the Indians in Tucson and convinced the New York Giants to give Phoenix a try. Thus the Cactus League was born. Veeck then signed Larry Doby to the Indians. Doby was the second African-American to play MLB in the 20th century, and the first for the American League.
While Florida and Arizona now host all Major League Baseball teams for spring training, this has not always been the case. The Brooklyn Dodgers trained in Havana, Cuba in 1947 and 1949, and in the Dominican Republic in 1948. The New York Yankees also trained in the early 1950s in Cuba and the Dominican Republic. Spring training camps and games were also held in Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and various cities of northern Mexico, sometimes by visiting major league teams in the 1950s and 1960s.
During World War II, most teams held an abbreviated spring training within easy reach of their cities. In order to conserve rail transport during the war, 1943's Spring Training was limited to an area east of the Mississippi River and north of the Ohio River. The Chicago White Sox held camp in French Lick, Indiana; the Washington Senators in College Park, Maryland; and the New York Yankees in Asbury Park, New Jersey.
Before and shortly after big league baseball reached the West Coast, a number of teams trained in the state of California or along the state boundary. The Chicago Cubs trained on Catalina Island in the 1920s, '30s, and '40s. For example, early in their history, the then-California Angels held spring training in Palm Springs, California from 1961 to 1993, the San Diego Padres in Yuma from 1969 to 1993, the Oakland Athletics in Las Vegas in the 1970s, and various major league teams had trained in Riverside, San Bernardino, and El Centro near the Mexican border.
The concept of spring training is not limited to North America; the Japanese professional baseball leagues' teams adopted spring training and preseason game sites across East Asia such as South Korea, the Philippines, and Taiwan; the Pacific Islands (most notably in Hawaii); and 2 cities in the United States: Salinas, California and Yuma on the Mexican border.
Spring training locations by team.
In modern training, teams that train in Florida will play other Florida-training teams in their exhibition games, regardless of regular-season league affiliations. Likewise, Arizona-training teams will play other Arizona teams. These have been nicknamed the Grapefruit League and Cactus League, respectively, after plants typical of the respective states. The teams can play colleges (Atlanta vs. Georgia Tech, Detroit vs. Florida Southern, Arizona Diamondbacks vs. Arizona State, or the Boston Red Sox vs. Boston College), minor league baseball clubs, intra-squad games (members of the same team play against each other), split-squad games (games when one team is scheduled for two games in one day, so the team splits into two squads and each squad plays in one of the games), and B Games (unofficial Spring Training games where statistics and standings are not counted). In years when the World Baseball Classic occurs, the national teams in the tournament prepare by playing major league teams.
The newest stadium built for MLB spring training is jetBlue Park at Fenway South, the spring training home for the Boston Red Sox in Fort Myers, Florida, which opened in March 2012. jetBlue Park features a replica of Fenway Park's Green Monster, which even has Fenway's original manual scoreboard installed in it. The second-newest MLB spring training facility is the $100 million Salt River Fields at Talking Stick spring training complex on the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community in Scottsdale (Phoenix), Arizona, that hosted its first games on Feb 26, 2011. The complex is home to the Arizona Diamondbacks and the Colorado Rockies, and contains a 11,000-seat stadium, separate clubhouses for each team, and 12 full-size practice fields (six for each team.) Both teams previously conducted spring training in Tucson, Arizona, bringing a total of 15 teams to the Cactus League in the Phoenix metropolitan area.
According to the "Arizona Republic", the Cactus League generates more than $300 million a year in economic impact to the greater Phoenix metropolitan area economy. The new Salt River Fields at Talking Stick complex is the latest of eight new stadiums built in the Valley of the Sun over the past 20 years. The "Arizona Republic" newspaper reports that more than $500 million has been spent on "building eight new stadiums and renovating two others for the 15 teams in the Valley."
Attendance set a new record at 2011 Cactus League games with 1.59 million attending games at the various stadiums in the Phoenix metro area. Much of the attendance surge is attributed to the new Salt Rivers Fields at Talking Stick venue that accounted for 22 percent of the Cactus League attendance.
Grapefruit League (Florida).
Grapefruit League (Florida)
Cactus League (Arizona).
Cactus League (Arizona)
Statistics.
Statistics are recorded during spring training games, but they are not combined with the listed statistics for championship season games, and unusual performances which would have broken records if accomplished during the championship season are considered to be unofficial.
For example, on March 14, 2000, the Red Sox used 6 pitchers to achieve a 5–0 perfect game victory over the Toronto Blue Jays. A perfect game is considered a crowning accomplishment during the championship season or postseason, but in spring training it attracts little notice. Starting pitcher Pedro Martínez, who lost a perfect game in extra innings in 1995 while pitching for the former Montreal Expos, was talking to reporters at the conclusion of the game, rather than watching the final pitches. Reliever Rod Beck, who finished the game, did not realize the nature of his accomplishment until informed by catcher Joe Sidall. Many fans also left before the game's conclusion.
Although spring training statistics are unofficial, teams frequently use players' spring training performances as a way of assigning starting roles and roster spots on the club.
Extended spring training.
Minor league players participate in spring training following a telescoped schedule that generally lasts from March 1–31. At its conclusion, most players are assigned to full-season Class A, AA, or AAA farm team rosters to begin the regular minor league season. However, those players deemed unready for a full-season campaign—through inexperience or injury—are assigned to "extended spring training," a structured program of workouts, rehabilitation sessions, simulated games, and exhibition games based in the major league parent team's minor league training complex. If a player is deemed ready to participate in full-season league action, he is promoted to an appropriate-level farm club. When the "short season" Class A and rookie leagues begin play in late June, extended spring training players are assigned to those rosters, placed on the disabled list, or released.

</doc>
<doc id="18952615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952615" title="Mandla Zwane">
Mandla Zwane

Mandla Zwane is a former South African football player that plays mostly as an attacking midfielder or supporting striker.
Career.
He played most of his career in Orlando Pirates having played also for FC Porto and Selangor of Malaysia.
Zwane signed for FC Porto in 1994, but never made a Portuguese Liga appearance for the club, instead going on loan to F.C. Penafiel.
International career.
He was capped once for South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18952623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952623" title="Killbit">
Killbit

Killbit is a security feature in web browsers based on Microsoft's Trident engine (such as Internet Explorer) and other ActiveX containers that respect the killbit (such as Microsoft Office). A killbit instructs an ActiveX control container never to use a specific piece of ActiveX software, whether third-party or Microsoft, as identified by its class identifier (CLSID).
The main purpose of a killbit is to close security holes. If a vendor discovers that there is a security hole in a specific version of an ActiveX control, they can request that Microsoft put out a "killbit" for it. Killbit updates are typically deployed to Microsoft Windows operating systems via Windows Update.
Implementation.
A flag in the Windows Registry identifies a CLSID as unsafe. The CLSID (a type of a GUID) acts as a serial number for the software in question. It must exist for each piece of software that behaves as an ActiveX control. If an ActiveX container finds that the CLSID of a killbit entry matches the CLSID of the software, the software is blocked from running in the ActiveX container. If a vendor wants to release an updated version then they release it with a different CLSID.
Internet Explorer's HTML application host also respects the killbit when processing the OBJECT tag in HTML, but not when processing scripts in HTML.

</doc>
<doc id="18952631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952631" title="Zion National Park">
Zion National Park

Zion National Park is located in the Southwestern United States, near Springdale, Utah. A prominent feature of the park is Zion Canyon, which is 15 miles (24 km) long and up to half a mile (800 m) deep, cut through the reddish and tan-colored Navajo Sandstone by the North Fork of the Virgin River. The lowest elevation is at Coalpits Wash and the highest elevation is at Horse Ranch Mountain. Located at the junction of the Colorado Plateau, Great Basin, and Mojave Desert regions, the park's unique geography and variety of life zones allow for unusual plant and animal diversity. Numerous plant species as well as 289 species of birds, 75 mammals (including 19 species of bat), and 32 reptiles inhabit the park's four life zones: desert, riparian, woodland, and coniferous forest. Zion National Park includes mountains, canyons, buttes, mesas, monoliths, rivers, slot canyons, and natural arches.
Human habitation of the area started about 8,000 years ago with small family groups of Native Americans; the semi-nomadic Basketmaker Anasazi (300 CE) stem from one of these groups. In turn, the Virgin Anasazi culture (500 CE) developed as the Basketmakers settled in permanent communities. A different group, the Parowan Fremont, lived in the area as well. Both groups moved away by 1300 and were replaced by the Parrusits and several other Southern Paiute subtribes. Mormons came into the area in 1858 and settled there in the early 1860s. In 1909, U.S. President William Howard Taft named the area a National Monument to protect the canyon, under the name of Mukuntuweap National Monument. In 1918, however, the acting director of the newly created National Park Service changed the park's name to "Zion". According to historian Hal Rothman, "The name change played to a prevalent bias of the time. Many believed that Spanish and Indian names would deter visitors who, if they could not pronounce the name of a place, might not bother to visit it. The new name, Zion, had greater appeal to an ethnocentric audience." The United States Congress established the monument as a National Park on November 19, 1919. The Kolob section was proclaimed a separate Zion National Monument in 1937, but was incorporated into the park in 1956.
The geology of the Zion and Kolob canyons area includes 9 formations that together represent 150 million years of mostly Mesozoic-aged sedimentation. At various periods in that time warm, shallow seas, streams, ponds and lakes, vast deserts, and dry near-shore environments covered the area. Uplift associated with the creation of the Colorado Plateaus lifted the region 10,000 feet (3,000 m) starting 13 million years ago.
Geography and climate.
The park is located in southwestern Utah in Washington, Iron, and Kane counties. Geomorphically, it is located on the Markagunt and Kolob plateaus, at the intersection of three North American geographic provinces: the Colorado Plateaus, the Great Basin, and the Mojave Desert. The northern part of the park is known as the Kolob Canyons section and is accessible from Interstate 15, exit 40.
The summit of Horse Ranch Mountain (photo) is the highest point in the park; the lowest point is the elevation of Coal Pits Wash, creating a relief of about .
Streams in the area take rectangular paths because they follow jointing planes in the rocks. The stream gradient of the Virgin River, whose North Fork flows through Zion Canyon in the park, ranges from per mile (0.9–1.5%)—one of the steepest stream gradients in North America.
The road into Zion Canyon is long, ending at the Temple of Sinawava ("Sinawava" refers to the Coyote God of the Paiute Indians). At the Temple the canyon narrows and a foot-trail continues to the mouth of the Zion Narrows, a gorge as narrow as wide and up to tall. The Zion Canyon road is served by a free shuttle bus from early April to late October and by private vehicles the other months of the year. Other roads in Zion are open to private vehicles year-round.
The east side of the park is served by Zion–Mount Carmel Highway, which passes through the Zion–Mount Carmel Tunnel and ends at Mount Carmel Junction, Utah. On the east side of the park, notable park features include Checkerboard Mesa (photo) and the East Temple.
The Kolob Terrace area, west of Zion Canyon features The Subway, a slot canyon hike, and Lava Point, with a panoramic view of the entire area. The Kolob Canyons section, further west near Cedar City, features the world's second longest arch, Kolob Arch.
Spring weather is unpredictable, with stormy, wet days being common, mixed with occasional warm, sunny weather. Precipitation is normally heaviest in March. Spring wildflowers bloom from April through June, peaking in May. Fall days are usually clear and mild; nights are often cool. Summer days are hot (95 °F to 110 °F; 35 °C to 43 °C), but overnight lows are usually comfortable (65 °F to 70 °F; 18 °C to 21 °C). Afternoon thunderstorms are common from mid-July through mid-September. Storms may produce waterfalls as well as flash floods. Autumn tree-color displays begin in September in the high country; in Zion Canyon, autumn colors usually peak in late October. Winter in Zion Canyon is fairly mild. Winter storms bring rain or light snow to Zion Canyon and heavier snow to the higher elevations. Clear days may become quite warm, reaching 60 °F (16 °C); nights are often to . Winter storms can last several days and make roads icy. Zion roads are plowed, except the Kolob Terrace Road which is closed when covered with snow. Winter driving conditions last from November through March.
Notable geographical features of the park include: Virgin River Narrows, Emerald Pools, Hidden Canyon (photo), Angels Landing (photo), The Great White Throne, Checkerboard Mesa (photo), The Three Patriarchs (photo) and Kolob Arch.
History.
Archaeologists have divided the long span of Zion's human history into three cultural periods: the Archaic, Protohistoric and Historic periods. Each period is characterized by distinctive technological and social adaptations.
Archaic period.
The first human presence in the region dates to 8,000 years ago when family groups camped where they could hunt or collect plants and seeds. About 2,000 years ago, some groups began growing corn and other crops, leading to an increasingly sedentary lifestyle. Later groups in this period built permanent villages called pueblos. Archaeologists call this the Archaic period and it lasted until about 500 CE. Baskets, cordage nets, and yucca fiber sandals have been found and dated to this period. The Archaic toolkits included flaked stone knives, drills, and stemmed dart points. The dart points were attached to wooden shafts and propelled by throwing devices called atlatls.
By 300 CE some of the archaic groups developed into an early branch of seminomadic Anasazi, the Basketmakers. Basketmaker sites have grass- or stone-lined storage cists and shallow, partially underground dwellings called pithouses. They were hunters and gatherers who supplemented their diet with limited agriculture. Locally collected pine nuts were important for food and trade.
Protohistoric period.
Both the Virgin Anasazi and the Parowan Fremont disappear from the archaeological record of southwestern Utah by about 1300. Extended droughts in the 11th and 12th centuries, interspersed with catastrophic flooding, may have made horticulture impossible in this arid region.
Tradition and archaeological evidence hold that their replacements were Numic-speaking cousins of the Virgin Anasazi, such as the Southern Paiute and Ute. The newcomers migrated on a seasonal basis up and down valleys in search of wild seeds and game animals. Some, particularly the Southern Paiute, also planted fields of corn, sunflowers, and squash to supplement their diet. These more sedentary groups made brownware vessels that were used for storage and cooking.
Exploration and settlement by Euro-Americans.
The Historic period begins in the late 18th century with the exploration of southern Utah by Padres Silvestre Vélez de Escalante and Francisco Atanasio Domínguez. The padres passed near what is now the Kolob Canyons Visitor Center on October 13, 1776, becoming the first people of European descent known to visit the area. In 1825, trapper and trader Jedediah Smith explored some of the downstream areas while under contract with the American Fur Company.
In 1847, Mormon farmers from the Salt Lake area became the first people of European descent to settle the Virgin River region. In 1851, the Parowan and Cedar City, Utah areas were settled by Mormons who used the Kolob Canyons area for timber, and for grazing cattle, sheep, and horses. They prospected for mineral deposits, and diverted Kolob water to irrigate crops in the valley below. Mormon settlers named the area "Kolob"—in Mormon scripture, the heavenly place nearest the residence of God.
Settlements had expanded south to the lower Virgin River by 1858. That year, a Southern Paiute guide led young Mormon missionary and interpreter Nephi Johnson into the upper Virgin River area and Zion Canyon. Johnson wrote a favorable report about the agricultural potential of the upper Virgin River basin, and returned later that year to found the town of Virgin. In 1861 or 1862, Joseph Black made the arduous journey to Zion Canyon and was very impressed by its beauty.
The floor of Zion Canyon was settled in 1863 by Isaac Behunin, who farmed corn, tobacco, and fruit trees. The Behunin family lived in Zion Canyon near the site of today's Zion Lodge during the summer, and wintered in Springdale. Behunin is credited with naming Zion, a reference to a place of peace mentioned in the Bible. Two more families settled Zion Canyon in the next couple of years, bringing with them cattle and other domesticated animals. The canyon floor was farmed until Zion became a Monument in 1909.
The Powell Geographic Expedition entered the area in 1869 after their first trip through the Grand Canyon. John Wesley Powell visited Zion Canyon in 1872 and named it "Mukuntuweap", under the impression that that was the Paiute name. Powell Survey photographers John K. Hillers and James Fennemore first visited the Zion Canyon and Kolob Plateau region in the spring of 1872. Hillers returned in April 1873 to add more photographs to the "Virgin River Series" of photographs and stereographs. Hillers described wading the canyon for four days and nearly freezing to death to take his photographs.
Protection and tourism.
Paintings of the canyon by Frederick S. Dellenbaugh were exhibited at the St. Louis World's Fair in 1904, followed by a glowing article in "Scribner's Magazine" the next year. That, along with previously created photographs, paintings, and reports, led to U.S. President William Howard Taft's proclamation on July 31, 1909 that created Mukuntuweap National Monument. In 1917, the acting director of the newly created National Park Service visited the canyon and proposed changing its name to "Zion" from the locally unpopular "Mukuntuweap". The United States Congress added more land and established Zion National Park on November 19, 1919. A separate Zion National Monument, the Kolob Canyons area, was proclaimed on January 22, 1937, and was incorporated into the park on July 11, 1956.
Travel to the area before it was a national park was rare due to its remote location, lack of accommodations, and the absence of real roads in southern Utah. Old wagon roads were upgraded to the first automobile roads starting about 1910, and the road into Zion Canyon was built in 1917 leading to the Grotto, short of the present road that now ends at the Temple of Sinawava.
Touring cars could reach Zion Canyon by the summer of 1917. The first visitor lodging in Zion Canyon, called Wylie Camp, was established that same year as a tent camp. The Utah Parks Company, a subsidiary of the Union Pacific Railroad, acquired Wylie Camp in 1923, and offered ten-day rail/bus tours to Zion, nearby Bryce Canyon, Kaibab, and the North Rim of the Grand Canyon. The Zion Lodge complex was built in 1925 at the site of the Wylie tent camp. Architect Gilbert Stanley Underwood designed the Zion Lodge (photo) in the "Rustic Style" and the Utah Parks Company funded the construction.
Infrastructure improvements.
Work on the Zion–Mount Carmel Highway started in 1927 to enable reliable access between Springdale and the east side of the park. The road opened in 1930 and park visitation and travel in the area greatly increased. The most famous feature of the Zion-Mt. Carmel Highway is the Zion - Mt. Carmel Tunnel, which has six large windows cut through the massive sandstone cliff.
In 1896, local rancher John Winder improved the Native American footpath up Echo Canyon, which later became the East Rim Trail. Entrepreneur David Flanigan used this trail in 1900 to build cableworks that lowered lumber into Zion Canyon from Cable Mountain. More than of lumber were lowered by 1906. The auto road was extended to the Temple of Sinawava, and a trail built from there to the start of the Narrows. Angel's Landing Trail was constructed in 1926 and two suspension bridges were built over the Virgin River. Other trails were constructed by the Civilian Conservation Corps during the 1930s.
More recent history.
Zion Canyon Scenic Drive provides access to Zion Canyon. Traffic congestion in the narrow canyon was recognized as a major problem in the 1990s and a public transportation system using propane-powered shuttle buses was instituted in the year 2000. As part of its shuttle fleet, Zion has two electric trams each holding up to 36 passengers. Usually from early-April through late October, the scenic drive in Zion Canyon is closed to private vehicles and visitors ride the shuttle buses.
On April 12, 1995, heavy rains triggered a landslide that blocked the Virgin River in Zion Canyon. Over a period of two hours, the river carved away part of the only exit road from the canyon, trapping 450 guests and employees at the Zion Lodge. A one-lane, temporary road was constructed within 24 hours to allow evacuation of the Lodge. A more stable—albeit temporary—road was completed on May 25, 1995 to allow summer visitors to access the canyon. This road was replaced with a permanent road during the first half of 1996.
The Zion–Mount Carmel Highway can be traveled year-round. Access for over-sized vehicles requires a special permit, and is limited to daytime hours, as traffic through the tunnel must be one way to accommodate large vehicles. The -long Kolob Canyons Road was built to provide access to the Kolob Canyons section of the park. This road often closes in the winter.
In March 2009, President Barack Obama signed into law the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009, which designated and further protected of park land as the Zion Wilderness. 
Geology.
The nine known exposed geologic formations in Zion National Park are part of a super-sequence of rock units called the Grand Staircase. Together, these formations represent about 150 million years of mostly Mesozoic-aged sedimentation in that part of North America. The formations exposed in the Zion area were deposited as sediment in very different environments:
Uplift affected the entire region, known as the Colorado Plateaus, by slowly raising these formations more than higher than where they were deposited. This steepened the stream gradient of the ancestral Virgin and other rivers on the plateau.
The faster-moving streams took advantage of uplift-created joints in the rocks. Eventually, all Cenozoic-aged formations were removed and gorges were cut into the plateaus. Zion Canyon was cut by the North Fork of the Virgin River in this way. During the later part of this process, lava flows and cinder cones covered parts of the area.
High water volume in wet seasons does most of the downcutting in the main canyon. These flood events are responsible for transporting most of the 3 million short tons (2.7 million metric tons) of rock and sediment that the Virgin River transports yearly. The Virgin cuts away its canyon faster than its tributaries can cut away their own streambeds, so tributaries end in waterfalls from hanging valleys where they meet the Virgin. The valley between the peaks of the Twin Brothers is a notable example of a hanging valley in the canyon.
Biology.
The Great Basin, Mojave Desert, and Colorado Plateau converge at Zion and the Kolob canyons. This, along with the varied topography of canyon–mesa country, differing soil types, and uneven water availability, provides diverse habitat for the equally diverse mix of plants and animals that live in the area. The park is home to 289 bird, 79 mammals, 28 reptiles, 7 fish, and 6 amphibian species. These organisms make their homes in one or more of four life zones found in the Park: desert, riparian, woodland, and Coniferous forest.
Desert conditions persist on canyon bottoms and rocky ledges away from perennial streams. Sagebrush, Prickly pear Cactus, and Rabbitbrush, along with Sacred Datura and Indian Paintbrush, are common. Utah Penstemon and Golden Aster can also be found. Milkvetch and Prince's Plume are found in pockets of selenium-rich soils.
Common daytime animals include Mule Deer, Rock Squirrels, Pinyon Jays, and Whiptail and Collared lizards (photo). Desert Cottontails, Jackrabbits, and Merriam's Kangaroo Rats come out at night. Cougars, Coyotes, Gray Foxes, and Ring-tail Cats are the top predators.
Cooler conditions persist at mid-elevation slopes, from . Stunted forests of pinyon pine and Juniper coexist here with manzanita shrubs, cliffrose, serviceberry, Scrub Oak, and yucca. Stands of Ponderosa Pine, Gambel Oak, manzanita and aspen populate the mesas and cliffs above .
Golden Eagles, Red-tailed Hawks, Peregrine Falcons, and White-throated Swifts can be seen in the area. California Condors and Bighorn Sheep were reintroduced in the 1990s. Nineteen species of bat also live in the area.
Boxelder, Fremont Cottonwood, maple, and willow dominate riparian plant communities. Animals such as Bank Beavers, Flannel-mouth Suckers, Gnatcatchers, Dippers, Canyon Wrens, the Virgin Spinedace, and Water Striders all make their homes in the riparian zones.
Activities.
Seven trails with round-trip times of half an hour (Weeping Rock) to 4 hours (Angels Landing) are found in Zion Canyon. Two popular trails, Taylor Creek (4 hours round trip) and Kolob Arch (8 hours round trip), are in the Kolob Canyons section of the park, near Cedar City. Hiking up into The Narrows from the Temple of Sinawava is popular in summer. However, hiking beyond Big Springs requires a permit. The entire Narrows from Chamberlain's Ranch is a 16-mile one way trip that typically takes 12 hours of strenuous hiking. A shorter alternative is to enter the Narrows via Orderville Canyon. Both Orderville and the full Narrows require a back country permit. Entrance to the Parunuweap Canyon section of the park downstream of Labyrinth Falls is prohibited. Other often-used backcountry trails include the West Rim and LaVerkin Creek. The more primitive sections of Zion include the Kolob Terrace and the Kolob Canyons.
Zion is a center for rock climbing, with short walls like Touchstone, Moonlight Buttress, Spaceshot, and Prodigal Son being very popular.
Lodging in the park is available at Zion Lodge, located halfway through Zion Canyon. Zion Lodge is open year-round and has motel units and cabins, as well as a restaurant, café, and gift shop, but rooms fill up fast. Three campgrounds are available: South and Watchman at the far southern side of the park, and a primitive site at Lava Point in the middle of the park off Kolob Terrace Road. Watchman is the only campground in the park that takes reservations. Lava Point has only primitive facilities and is usually open from June to October. Overnight camping in the backcountry requires permits.
Guided horseback riding trips, nature walks, and evening programs are available from late March to early November. The Junior Ranger Program for ages 6 to 12 is active from Memorial Day to Labor Day at the Zion Nature Center. Rangers at the Zion Canyon Visitor Center and the smaller Kolob Canyons Visitor Center can help visitors plan their stay. A bookstore attached to the Zion Canyon Visitor Center, run by the Zion Natural History Association, offers books, maps, and souvenirs for sale, with proceeds benefiting the park. The Grotto in Zion Canyon, the Visitor Center, and the viewpoint at the end of Kolob Canyons Road have the only designated picnic sites.
Adjacent to the park on the south is the town of Springdale, Utah, which offers services such as lodging, food, and entertainment. Zion Canyon IMAX in Springdale offers many interesting documentaries about the natural history of Zion Canyon and the American Southwest. Lodging, food, and entertainment are also offered on the east side of the park along the Zion–Mount Carmel Highway and in Mount Carmel Junction. Driving through the east side of Zion to U.S. Route 89 allows access to Bryce Canyon National Park in the north or to the north rim of the Grand Canyon in the south. Due to the narrowness of the Zion–Mount Carmel Tunnel, RVs and buses must obtain a special pass and can only drive through the tunnel during limited hours.

</doc>
<doc id="18952632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952632" title="62 Pickup">
62 Pickup

62 Pickup may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18952641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952641" title="Iverson Mall">
Iverson Mall

The Iverson Mall is a shopping mall located at the intersection of Branch Avenue (Maryland Route 5) and Iverson Street (Maryland Route 458), in Hillcrest Heights, Maryland, just north of the Marlow Heights Shopping Center. It was the first shopping mall in the Washington D.C. area to be built fully enclosed and climate controlled.
History.
The Montgomery Ward (165,000 sq ft.) store opened on April 20, 1967, when Maryland Gov. J. Millard Tawes cut the ceremonial ribbon. The second anchor of the two anchor mall, Woodward & Lothrop, opened its store in the Spring of 1967. With both anchors in place and 60 stores, the grand opening of the $10 million, center occurred September 21, 1967. The mall's original pylon featured a Cuboctahedron welcoming visitors. All fountains were removed during the 1985 remodeling.

</doc>
<doc id="18952649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952649" title="Pronghorn">
Pronghorn

The pronghorn ("Antilocapra americana") is a species of artiodactyl mammal indigenous to interior western and central North America. Though not an antelope, it is often known colloquially in North America as the prong buck, pronghorn antelope, cabri (native American) or simply antelope because it closely resembles the true antelopes of the Old World and fills a similar ecological niche due to convergent evolution. It is the only surviving member of the family Antilocapridae. During the Pleistocene period, 12 antilocaprid species existed in North America. About five existed when humans entered North America, but all except "A. americana" are now extinct.
Description.
Pronghorns have distinct white fur on their rumps, sides, breasts, bellies, and across their throats. They have a highly developed sense of curiosity compared to related animals. Adult males are long from nose to tail, stand high at the shoulder, and weigh . The females are the same height as males but weigh . The feet have just two hooves, with no dewclaws. The body temperature is .
The orbits (eye sockets) are prominent and sit high on the skull; there is never an antorbital pit. The teeth are hypsodont, and the dental formula is:
Each "horn" of the pronghorn is composed of a slender, laterally flattened blade of bone that grows from the frontal bones of the skull, forming a permanent core. As in the Giraffidae, skin covers the bony cores, but in the pronghorn it develops into a keratinous sheath which is shed and regrown on an annual basis. Unlike the horns of the family Bovidae, the horn sheaths of the pronghorn are branched, each sheath possessing a forward-pointing tine (hence the name pronghorn). Males have a horn sheath about (average ) long with a prong. Females have smaller horns that range from (average ) and sometimes barely visible; they are straight and very rarely pronged. Males are further differentiated from females in having a small patch of black hair at the angle of the mandible. Pronghorns have a distinct, musky odor. Males mark territory with a scent gland on the sides of the head. They also have very large eyes with a 320 degree field of vision. Unlike deer, pronghorns possess a gallbladder.
It can run exceptionally fast, being built for maximum predator evasion through running, and is generally accepted to be the fastest land mammal in the Western Hemisphere. The top speed is very hard to measure accurately and varies between individuals; it can run 35 mph for 4 mi (56 km/h for 6 km), 42 mph for 1 mi (67 km/h for 1.6 km); and 55 mph for .5 mi (88.5 km/h for .8 km). It is often cited as the second-fastest land animal, second only to the cheetah. It can, however, sustain high speeds longer than cheetahs. University of Idaho zoologist John Byers has suggested that the pronghorn evolved its running ability to escape from extinct predators such as the American cheetah, since its speed greatly exceeds that of extant North American predators. Compared to its body size, the pronghorn has a large windpipe, heart, and lungs to allow them to take in large amounts of air when running. Additionally, pronghorn hooves have two long, cushioned pointed toes which help absorb shock when running at high speeds. They also have an extremely light bone structure and hollow hair. Pronghorns are built for speed, not for jumping. Their ranges are sometimes affected by sheep ranchers' fences. However, they can be seen going under fences, sometimes at high speed. For this reason the Arizona Antelope Foundation and others are in the process of removing the bottom barbed wire from the fences, and/or installing a barb-less bottom wire.
The pronghorn has been observed to have at least 13 distinct gaits, including one reaching nearly per stride.
Range and ecology.
Pronghorns were brought to scientific notice by the Lewis and Clark Expedition, which found them in what is now South Dakota. The range extends from southern Saskatchewan and Alberta in Canada south through the United States (southwestern Minnesota and central Texas west to coastal southern California and northern Baja California Sur, to Sonora and San Luis Potosí in northern Mexico.
The subspecies known as the Sonoran pronghorn ("Antilocapra americana sonoriensis") occurs in Arizona and Mexico. Other subspecies include the Mexican pronghorn ("A. a. mexicana"), the Oregon pronghorn ("A. a. oregona"), and the critically endangered Baja California Pronghorn ("A. a. peninsularis").
Pronghorn antelopes prefer open, expansive terrain at elevations varying between , with the densest populations in areas receiving approximately of rainfall per year. They eat a wide variety of plant foods, often including plants that are unpalatable or toxic to domestic livestock (sheep and cattle) though they also compete with these for food. In one study forbs comprised 62% of the diet, shrubs 23%, and grasses 15%, while in another, cacti comprised 40%, grass 22%, forbs 20%, and shrubs 18%. Pronghorns also chew and eat chud, which is their own partially digested food. Healthy pronghorn populations tend to stay within of water. An ongoing study by the Lava Lake Institute for Science and Conservation and the Wildlife Conservation Society, shows an overland migration route that covers more than . The migrating pronghorn start travel from the foothills of the Pioneer Mountains through Craters of the Moon National Monument to the Continental Divide. Dr. Scott Bergen of Wildlife Conservation Society says, "This study shows that pronghorn are the true marathoners of the American West. With these new findings, we can confirm that Idaho supports a major overland mammal migration -- an increasingly rare phenomenon in the U.S. and worldwide."
Cougars, wolves, coyotes and bobcats are the major predators. Golden Eagles have been reported to prey on fawns.
Social behavior and reproduction.
Pronghorns form mixed-sex herds in the winter. In early spring the herds break up with young males forming bachelor groups, females forming their groups, and adult males living solitary. Some female bands share the same summer range, and bachelor male bands form between spring and fall. Females form dominance hierarchies with few circular relationships. Dominant females aggressively displace other females from feeding sites.
Adult male pronghorns either defend a fixed territory that females may enter, or defend a harem of females. A pronghorn may change mating strategies depending on environmental or demographic conditions. Where precipitation is high, adult male pronghorn tend to be territorial and maintain their territories with scent marking, vocalizing, and challenging intruders. In these systems, territorial males have access to better resources than bachelor males. Females also employ different mating strategies. "Sampling" females will visit several males and remain with each for a short time before switching to the next male at an increasing rate as oestrus approaches. "Inciting" females will behave as samplers until oestrus and then incite conflicts between males, watching and then mating with the winners. Before fighting, males will try to intimidate each other. If intimidation fails, they lock horns and try to injure each other. "Quiet" females will remain with a single male in an isolated area throughout oestrus. Females continue this mating behavior for two to three weeks.
When courting an estrous female, a male pronghorn will approach her while softly vocalizing and waving his head side to side, displaying his cheek patches. The scent glands on the pronghorn are on either side of the jaw, between the hooves, and on the rump. A receptive female will remain motionless, sniff his scent gland, and then allow the male to mount her. When mating, the tip of a male pronghorn's penis is often the first part to touch the female pronghorn. The penis is about 5 inches long and resembles an ice pick. The front of the glans penis is relatively flat whereas the back is relatively thick. The male pronghorn usually ejaculates immediately after intromission.
Pronghorns have a gestation period of 7–8 months, which is longer than is typical for North American ungulates. They breed in mid-September, and the doe carries her fawn until late May. This gestation period is around six weeks longer than that of the white-tailed deer. Females usually bear within a few days of each other. Twin fawns are common. Newborn pronghorns weigh , most commonly . In their first 21–26 days, a fawn spends time hiding in vegetation. Fawns interact with their mothers for 20–25 minutes a day and this continues even when the fawn joins a nursery. The females nurse, groom, and lead their young to food and water as well as keep predators away from them. Females usually nurse the young about 3 times a day. Males are weaned 2–3 weeks earlier than females. Sexual maturity is reached at 15 to 16 months, though males rarely breed until 3 years old. The longevity is typically up to 10 years, rarely 15 years.
Population and conservation.
By the 1920s, hunting pressure had reduced the pronghorn population to about 13,000. Protection of habitat and hunting restrictions have allowed their numbers to recover to an estimated population of between 500,000 and 1,000,000 (excluding the Sonoran pronghorn which is down to about 200). There has been some recent decline in a few localized populations, due to blue tongue disease which is spread from sheep; however the overall trend has been positive since conservation measures were put in place.
Pronghorn migration corridors are threatened by habitat fragmentation and the blocking of traditional migration routes. In a migration study conducted by Lava Lake Institute for Science and Conservation and the Wildlife Conservation Society, at one point the migration corridor bottlenecks to an area only 200 yards wide.
Pronghorns are now quite numerous and outnumbered people in Wyoming and parts of northern Colorado until just recently. They are legally hunted in western states for purposes of population control and food. There are no major range-wide threats, although localized declines are taking place, particularly to the Sonoran pronghorn, mainly as a result of, among others, livestock grazing, the construction of roads, fences and other barriers that prevent access to historical habitat, illegal hunting, insufficient forage and water, and lack of recruitment.
Three subspecies are considered endangered in all ("A. a. sonoriensis", "A. a. peninsularis"), or part of their ranges ("A. a. mexicana"). Populations of the Sonoran pronghorn in Arizona and Mexico are protected under the US Endangered Species Act (since 1967), and a recovery plan for this subspecies has been prepared by USFWS (U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service 1998). Mexican animals are listed on CITES Appendix I. Pronghorns have game-animal status in all of the western states of the United States, and permits are required to trap or shoot pronghorns.

</doc>
<doc id="18952656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952656" title="Getty Center">
Getty Center

The Getty Center, in Los Angeles, California, is a campus of the Getty Museum and other programs of the Getty Trust. The $1.3 billion Center opened to the public on December 16, 1997 and is well known for its architecture, gardens, and views overlooking Los Angeles. The Center sits atop a hill connected to a visitors' parking garage at the bottom of the hill by a three-car, cable-pulled hovertrain funicular. 
Located in the Brentwood neighborhood of Los Angeles, the Center is one of two locations of the J. Paul Getty Museum and draws 1.3 million visitors annually. (The other location is the Getty Villa in the Pacific Palisades neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.) The Center branch of the Museum features pre-20th-century European paintings, drawings, illuminated manuscripts, sculpture, and decorative arts; and 19th- and 20th-century American, Asian, and European photographs. In addition, the Museum’s collection at the Center includes outdoor sculpture displayed on terraces and in gardens and the large Central Garden designed by Robert Irwin. Among the artworks on display is the Vincent Van Gogh painting "Irises". 
Designed by architect Richard Meier, the campus also houses the Getty Research Institute (GRI), the Getty Conservation Institute, the Getty Foundation, and the J. Paul Getty Trust. The Center's design included special provisions to address concerns regarding earthquakes and fires.
Location and history.
Originally, the Getty Museum started in J. Paul Getty's house located in Pacific Palisades in 1954. He expanded the house with a museum wing. In the 1970s, Getty built a replica of an Italian villa on his home's property to better house his collection, which opened in 1974. After Getty's death in 1976, the entire property was turned over to the Getty Trust for museum purposes. However, the collection outgrew the site, which has since been renamed the Getty Villa, and management sought a location more accessible to Los Angeles. The purchase of the land upon which the Center is located, a campus of on a site in the Santa Monica Mountains above Interstate 405, surrounded by kept in a natural state, was announced in 1983. The site cost $25 million. The top of the hill is above I-405, high enough that on a clear day it is possible to see not only the Los Angeles skyline but also the San Bernardino Mountains, and San Gabriel Mountains to the east as well as the Pacific Ocean to the west.
In 1984, Richard Meier was chosen to be the architect of the Center. After an extensive conditional-use permit process, construction by the Hathaway Dinwiddie Construction Company began in August 1989. The construction was significantly delayed, with the planned completion date moved from 1988 to 1995 (as of 1990). By 1995, however, the campus was described as only "more than halfway complete".
The Center ultimately opened to the public on December 16, 1997. Although the total project cost was estimated to be $350 million as of 1990, it was later estimated to be $1.3 billion. After the Center opened, the villa closed for extensive renovations and reopened on January 28, 2006, to focus on the arts and cultures of ancient Greece, Rome, and Etruria. Currently, the Museum displays collections at both the Getty Center and the Getty Villa in Pacific Palisades.
In 2005, after a series of articles in the "Los Angeles Times" about the spending practices of the Getty Trust and its then-president Dr. Barry Munitz, the California Attorney General conducted an investigation of the Getty Trust and found that no laws had been broken. The trust agreed to appoint an outside monitor to review future expenditures. The Getty Trust experienced financial difficulties in 2008 and 2009 and cut 205 of 1,487 budgeted staff positions to reduce expenses. Although the Getty Trust endowment reached $6.4 billion in 2007, it dropped to $4.5 billion in 2009.
Architecture.
Meier has exploited the two naturally-occurring ridges (which diverge at a 22.5 degree angle) by overlaying two grids along these axes. These grids serve to define the space of the campus while dividing the import of the buildings on it. Along one axis lie the galleries and along the other axis lie the administrative buildings. Meier emphasized the two competing grids by constructing strong view lines through the campus. The main north-south axis starts with the helipad, then includes a narrow walkway between the auditorium and north buildings, continues past the elevator kiosk to the tram station, through the rotunda, past the walls and support columns of the exhibitions pavilion, and finally the ramp besides the west pavilion and the central garden. Its corresponding east-west visual axis starts with the edge of the scholar's wing of the Getty Research Institute (GRI), the walkway between the central garden and the GRI, the overlook to the azalea pool in the central garden, the walkway between the central garden and the west pavilion, and finally the north wall of the west pavilion and the courtyard between the south and east pavilions.
The main axes of the museum grid that is offset by 22.5 degrees begins with the arrival plaza, carries through the edge of the stairs up to the main entrance, aligns with the columns supporting the rotunda as well as the center point of the rotunda, aligns with travertine benches in the courtyard between the pavilions, includes a narrow walkway between the west and south pavilions, a staircase down to the catus garden and ends in the garden. The corresponding cross axis starts with the center point of the circle forming the GRI library garden, then passing to the center of the entrance rotunda, and aligning with the south wall of the rotunda building. Although all of the Museum is aligned on these alternative axes, portions of the exhibitions pavilion and the east pavilion are aligned on the true north-south axis as a reminder that both grids are present in the campus.
The primary grid structure is a square; most wall and floor elements are squares or some derivative thereof. The buildings at the Getty Center are made from concrete and steel with either travertine or aluminium cladding. Around of travertine was used to build the Center.
Throughout the campus, numerous fountains provide white noise as a background. The initial design has remained intact; however benches and fences have been installed around the plaza fountains to discourage visitors from wading into the pools. Some additional revisions have been made in deference to the Americans with Disabilities Act.
The north promontory is anchored by a circular grass area, which serves as a heliport in case of emergencies, and the south promontory is anchored by a succulent plant and cactus garden. The complex is also encircled by access roads that lead to loading docks and staff parking garages on both the west and east sides of the buildings. The hillside around the complex has been planted with California Live Oak (Quercus agrifolia) trees.
The Museum has a seven-story deep underground parking garage with over 1,200 parking spaces. Its roof has an outdoor sculpture garden. An automated three-car, cable-pulled hovertrain funicular takes passengers between the parking garage at the bottom of the hill and the Museum at the top of the hill.
Arrival court and central rotunda.
Visitors typically arrive at a tram station in the arrival plaza located between the administrative buildings and the Museum entrance. A large set of steps leads to the main doors of the rotunda building. The rotunda building houses information desks, two orientation theatres and Museum shops. It also holds a grand staircase that starts a path toward the paintings located on the second floor of each art pavilion. The rotunda opens to the south to a terrace that links all five of the Museum pavilions. A separate building to the west of the arrival plaza and stairs holds a cafeteria and restaurant. Next to the restaurant is a stone arch, which separates the Museum from the GRI. Stairs from the terrace connecting the GRI and the restaurant lead down to the central garden.
Museum.
The J. Paul Getty Museum's estimated 1.3 million visitors annually make it one of the most visited museums in the United States. The collection of the J. Paul Getty Museum on display at the Getty Center includes "pre-20th-century European paintings, drawings, illuminated manuscripts, sculpture, and decorative arts; and 19th- and 20th-century American and European photographs". The paintings include:
Getty's extensive photograph collection is located on the lower level of the west pavilion.
The Museum building consists of a three-level base building that is closed to the public and provides staff workspace and storage areas. Five public, two-story towers on the base are called the North, East, South, West and the Exhibitions Pavilions. The Exhibitions Pavilion acts as the temporary residence for traveling art collections and the Foundation's artwork for which the permanent pavilions have no room. The permanent collection is displayed throughout the other four pavilions chronologically: the north houses the oldest art while the west houses the newest. The first-floor galleries in each pavilion house light-sensitive art, such as illuminated manuscripts, furniture, or photography. Computer-controlled skylights on the second-floor galleries allow paintings to be displayed in natural light. The second floors are connected by a series of glass-enclosed bridges and open terraces, both of which offer views of the surrounding hillsides and central plaza. Sculpture is also on display at various points outside the buildings, including on various terraces and balconies. The lower level (the highest of the floors in the base) includes a public cafeteria, the terrace cafe, and the photography galleries.
Central Garden.
The Central Garden at the Getty Center is the work of artist Robert Irwin. Planning for the garden began in 1992, construction started in 1996, and the garden was completed in December 1997.
Irwin was quoted as saying that the Central Garden "is a sculpture in the form of a garden, which aims to be art." Water plays a major role in the garden. A fountain near the restaurant flows toward the garden and appears to fall into a grotto on the north garden wall. The resulting stream then flows down the hillside into the azalea pool. The designers placed rocks and boulders of varying size in the stream bed to vary the sounds from the flowing water. A tree-lined stream descends to a plaza, while the walkway criss-crosses the stream, which continues through the plaza, and goes over a stone waterfall into a round pool. A maze of azaleas floats in the pool, around which is a series of specialty gardens. More than 500 varieties of plant material are used for the Central Garden, but the selection is "always changing, never twice the same".
After the original design, an outdoor sculpture garden, called the "Lower Terrace Garden" was added in 2007 on the west side of the central garden just below the scholar's wing of the GRI building.
Getty Research Institute (GRI).
The Getty Research Institute (GRI) is "dedicated to furthering knowledge and advancing understanding of the visual arts." Among other holdings, GRI's research library contains over 900,000 volumes of books, periodicals, and auction catalogs; special collections; and two million photographs of art and architecture. GRI's other activities include exhibitions, publications, and a residential scholars program. At the Getty Center, GRI is located to the west of the Museum. The round building encircles a landscaped garden and is located to the west of the central garden. The main entrance of GRI is connected by a terrace to the main arrival court of the Museum, with outdoor sculptures placed along the route. GRI has one art gallery on its entrance level that is open to the public.
Other offices.
Meier also designed three other buildings located next to the north promontory and offset at a 22.5 degree angle from the main axis of the Museum pavilions. The north-most building is an auditorium. Next to it is the North Building, with the East Building sitting between the North Building and the rotunda. The main entrance to the East Building is flanked by two round silos that hold its elevators. A bridge over a sunken courtyard links the main entrance of the East Building to the main walkway that connects the auditorium and North Buildings to the rotunda. These buildings house the Getty Conservation Institute (GCI), the J. Paul Getty Trust and the Getty Foundation. These buildings are generally closed to the public except for special events held in the auditorium. They are linked to the Museum both by landscaped terraces and by an enclosed glass walkway that leads from the main rotunda.
GCI, which is headquartered at the Getty Center but also has facilities at the Getty Villa, commenced operation in 1985. It "serves the conservation community through scientific research, education and training, model field projects, and the dissemination of the results of both its own work and the work of others in the field" and "adheres to the principles that guide the work of the Getty Trust: service, philanthropy, teaching, and access". GCI has activities in both art conservation and architectural conservation.
The Getty Foundation awards grants for "the understanding and preservation of the visual arts". In addition, it runs the Getty Leadership Institute for "current and future museum leaders". Its offices are north of the Museum. The foundation offices are located in the two administrative buildings that are north of the Museum. The J. Paul Getty Trust, which oversees the Getty Conservation Institute, Getty Foundation, Getty Research Institute, and J. Paul Getty Museum, also has offices there.
Preparation for natural disasters.
Earthquakes.
Although the Center's site was thought to have little motion during earthquakes, which are frequent in the Los Angeles area, in 1994, as the Center was being constructed, the Northridge earthquake struck. It caused "disturbing hairline cracks... in the welds and plated joints of the steel framework." As a result, the steelwork through the site was retrofitted. The Center's buildings are thought to be able to survive an earthquake of 7.5 magnitude on the Richter scale.
Fires.
In the 16 electrical transformers at the Center, silicone fluid is used as a coolant "with less risk of ignition" than hydrocarbon coolant. The native flammable chaparral was removed and fire-resistant poverty weed was added to the slopes around the Center. Each year, a herd of goats is rented to clear brush on the surrounding hills.
At the north end of the Center, a tank with of water, together with a grass-covered helipad, allow helicopters to collect water. The access ramp from the entry plaza to the Museum was constructed to allow a fire truck to pass over it. Inside the Museum, the sprinkler system is designed to balance "between the potential damage of a fire and the risk of water damage to valuable artwork".

</doc>
<doc id="18952660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952660" title="Noeleen Heyzer">
Noeleen Heyzer

Noeleen Heyzer currently serves as the Special Adviser of the United Nations Secretary General for Timor-Leste. She was appointed by the UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on 10 June 2013. Previously she served as Executive Secretary of the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) from July 2007 till January 2014.
Heyzer has extensive experience on issues related to women, gender, and development. In the early years of her career, she was a researcher for the World Employment Programme of the International Labor Organization and a fellow at the Institute of Development Studies at University of Sussex. While working for the Economic and Social Commission of Asian and the Pacific, she focused on the preparation for the Third World Conference on women and on youth employment. As Director of Gender Programme of the Asian and Pacific Development Center, she was a key player in the formulation of national development policies and programmes from a gender perspective and advised several Asian governments on gender issues.
Later on, she was appointed to head the United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM), the leading UN agency to promote gender equality and empowerment of women. Under her leadership, UNIFEM played a vital role in helping countries to formulate and implement legislation and policies to ensure women's security and rights. At UNIFEM, she focused on promoting women's leadership in conflict resolution, ending violence against women, and combating HIV/AIDS from a gender perspective. She played an active role in the adoption of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1325 on women, peace and security.
Heyzer has served on many boards and advisory committees of international organizations, including the United Nations Development Programme(UNDP) Human Development Report, the UNDP Eminent Persons Group on Trade and Sustainable Development and the Commission on Globalization of the State of the World's Forum.
In November 2004, Heyzer gave a lecture entitled "Women, War and Peace: Mobilizing for Security and Justice in the 21st Century" at the University of San Diego's Joan B. Kroc Institute for Peace & Justice Distinguished Lecture Series.
She obtained a Bachelor of Arts and a Master of Arts degree from the University of Singapore and a doctorate degree in social science from Cambridge University, United Kingdom (Lucy Cavendish College, Cambridge).

</doc>
<doc id="18952661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952661" title="Faba Forest Park">
Faba Forest Park

Faba Forest Park is a forest park in the Gambia. Established on January 1, 1954 it covers 567 hectares.

</doc>
<doc id="18952662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952662" title="Bill the Cat">
Bill the Cat

Bill the Cat, or Bill D. Cat, is a fictional cat appearing in the works of cartoonist Berkeley Breathed, beginning with the comic strip "Bloom County" in the 1980s and continuing in "Outland" and "Opus" in the following decades. Bill also appeared in some of Breathed's illustrated children's books, including "A Wish for Wings That Work", which was also made into an animated Christmas television special, and also on greeting cards and other sundry merchandise. The cat's most frequent spoken sentiments are "Ack!" and "Thbbft!", unlike most other animals (and children) in Breathed's work, who not only can speak English, but have advanced vocabularies. The former is a result of his regularly choking on hairballs, the latter sound an approximation of the "raspberry".
Bill the Cat is commonly seen as a parody of Jim Davis' Garfield (Milo Bloom appears to fear a visit from United Feature Syndicate's copyright lawyers surrounding Bill's similarities to Garfield). Breathed has also described Bill as his attempt to create a character so repulsive that it would have absolutely no merchandising potential. But surprisingly, Bill the Cat trinkets and figurines have sold in great quantity, and often appear in the strips.
Bill the Cat was inspired by a colorful economist named Bill Moore. Moore was a graduate assistant at the University of Texas at Austin during the 1970s, and one of Berke Breathed's teachers. Recognizably wild-eyed (and one legged), Moore also became one of Breathed's friends. His name was inspired by a local homeless man of Iowa City, Iowa, who was dubbed Bill "The Cat". Nothing is known of Bill's whereabouts from the early 2000s onward. It is assumed he either moved to a different town, or, more likely, is deceased.
Character biography.
Bill the Cat's character was raised in Dubuque, Iowa, left for New York to become a film star and left his girlfriend, Sally, behind. Some of Bill the Cat's film roles include the leads in "" and "Terms of Bill's Endearment". During this period, he drank heavily, used illegal drugs, and "free-based Tender Vittles" until his friends helped him to recover. On September 30, 1983, Bill drove his Ferrari into a cactus at 140 miles per hour, dying instantly in the crash (the media, not wishing to divulge the true nature of Bill's death, claimed that he died of acne). The only part of Bill that was salvaged from the wreckage was his tongue, which young genius Oliver Wendell Jones used to clone Bill and bring him back to life. In the latter months of 1984, Bill's bid for the American presidency was effectively ruined by his decision to run off and join (and end up leading) the Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh cult in Oregon, only to be "rescued" and deprogrammed several weeks later by a humorous application of the Ludovico technique (by forcing him to watch reruns of "Leave It to Beaver".) In the video "A Wish for Wings That Work" Opus professes to have saved Bill from a lab where his brains had been replaced with tater tots.
Bill spent time as an unintelligible rock star who sang and played "electric tongue" with his heavy metal band Deathtöngue, later Billy and the Boingers. Bill got rich when their song "U-Stink-But-I-♥-U" became a jingle for Wheat Thins, but he did not share the wealth with his bandmates. Although Bill was the front-person of Billy and the Boingers, the band excluded him and disbanded when it became public that he spent his nights staying up late, reading the Bible with a nun. After this incident, Bill became the televangelist "Fundamentally Oral Bill", parodying (and, in the "Bloom County" universe, rivaling) real-life televangelists such as Jimmy Swaggart, Jim Bakker and Oral Roberts.
Bill was accused of treason for sending secrets to the Soviet Union with the unwitting assistance of his lover Jeane Kirkpatrick. Secrets he sold included: Secret antiperspirant, the secret formula of Coke, the secret of the Sierra Madre, and the secret of George Bush's appeal (the secret being that he doesn't have any appeal). He was exchanged to the Soviets for accused spy Cutter John. While in Russia, he was responsible for the Chernobyl nuclear disaster, and was traded back soon afterwards. The reason he stated for returning to the US was, as he put it, "to make some dough," although this reason was edited by Milo into the more PR-friendly "to once again walk the green grass of freedom."
Bill the Cat twice won the National Radical Meadow Party's nomination to run for President of the United States, in 1984 and 1988, despite being dead in the first instance, and despite having a vocabulary that mainly consisted of "Aack!" He lost twice, once because of coughing up a furball on Connie Chung. In spite of this political affiliation, he embarked on a torrid love affair with Jeane Kirkpatrick, then was later used as the primary source for an illegal cat-sweat-based baldness cure. His brain was replaced with Donald Trump's (who had been hit with his yacht's anchor while sunbathing in New York Harbor).
Bill the Cat returned to comics in Berke Breathed's now canceled strip, "Opus", which ran from November 23, 2003 through November 2, 2008. Given Bill's ostensible death and revival by tongue cloning (à la "Sleeper"), his carcass was suggested as the source of the recent BSE (aka "Mad Cow Disease") epidemic. Later, he was chosen as the new mayor of Bloom County. He got the message when he was playing Garfield at a mall promotion (the child in his lap asked her father if Garfield had died). Mayoral efforts for Bill and Opus involved forcing low-jeans teenagers to wear suspenders. Bill, however, lost an election a few months later because of an affair with Paris Hilton.
Further reading.
Rovin, Jeff. "The Illustrated History of Cartoon Animals". New York: Prentice Hall, 1991. ISBN 0-13-275561-0.

</doc>
<doc id="18952673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952673" title="Purple Martin">
Purple Martin

The Purple Martin ("Progne subis") is the largest North American swallow. These aerial acrobats have speed and agility in flight, and when approaching their housing, will dive from the sky at great speeds with their wings tucked.
Description and taxonomy.
Purple Martins are a kind of swallow, of the genus "Progne". Like other members of this genus, they are larger than most of the other swallows. The average length from bill to tail is . Adults have a slightly forked tail. Adult males are entirely black with glossy steel blue sheen, the only swallow in North America with such coloration. Adult females are dark on top with some steel blue sheen, and lighter underparts. Subadult females look similar to adult females minus the steel blue sheen and browner on the back. Subadult males look very much like females, but solid black feathers emerge on their chest in a blotchy, random pattern as they molt to their adult plumage.
This species was first described by Linnaeus in his "Systema naturae" in 1758 as "Hirundo subis". The species of this genus are very closely related, and some view the Purple Martin, Gray-breasted Martin, Snowy-bellied Martin, and Southern Martin, as a superspecies.
Distribution and habitat.
Purple Martins' breeding range is throughout temperate North America. Their breeding habitat is open areas across eastern North America, and also some locations on the west coast from British Columbia to Mexico. Martins make their nests in cavities, either natural or artificial. In many places, humans put up real or artificial hollow gourds, or houses for martins, especially in the east, where Purple Martins are almost entirely dependent on such structures. As a result, this subspecies typically breeds in colonies located in proximity to people, even within cities and towns. This makes their distribution patchy, as they are usually absent from areas where no nest sites are provided. Western birds often make use of natural cavities such as old woodpecker holes in trees or saguaro cacti.
The Purple Martin migrates to the Amazon basin in winter. Its winter range extends into Ecuador but does not seem to ascend far up the Andean foothills.
The first record of this species in Europe was a single bird on Lewis, Scotland, on 5–6 September 2004, and the second was on the Azores on 6 September 2004.
Conservation status.
Purple Martins suffered a severe population crash in the 20th Century widely linked to the release and spread of European Starlings in North America. Starlings and House Sparrows compete with martins for nest cavities. Where Purple Martins once gathered by the thousands, by the 1980s they had all but disappeared.
Relationship with humans.
The population of eastern Purple Martins (nominate form "P. s. subis") is dependent on artificial martin houses of wood or aluminium and fake plastic gourds, supplied by individuals and organizations fond of the bird. This tradition was in place even before the population crash; Native Americans are said to have hollowed out gourds and erected them for this purpose. The situation requires ongoing maintenance, as European Starlings and House Sparrows compete with martins as cavity-nesters, and will fight with martins over nest sites. Starlings have even been known to kill Purple Martins, especially nestling young, and Purple Martins have been known to evict House Sparrows from their nests. Thus, unmonitored Purple Martin houses are often overtaken by more aggressive, non-native species. Purple Martin proponents are motivated by the concern that the Purple Martin would likely vanish from eastern North America were it not for this assistance.
Behavior.
Migration.
Wintering in South America, purple martins migrate to North America in spring to breed. Spring migration is somewhat staggered, with arrivals in southern areas such as Florida and Texas in January, but showing up in the northern United States in April and in Canada as late as May. Males usually arrive at a site before females.
Fall migration is also staggered, as birds head south when the breeding season is over. Some birds leave as early as July and others stay as late as October. Martins generally migrate over land, through Mexico and Central America. When not breeding, martins form large flocks and roost together in great numbers. This behavior begins just prior to the southern migration and continues on the wintering grounds.
Breeding.
Males arrive in breeding sites before females, and establish their territory. A territory can consist of several potential nest sites. After forming a pair, both the male and female inspect available nest sites. This process is complicated by the fact that artificial nest sites could be houses with many rooms, clustered gourds, or single gourds. The nest is made inside the cavity of such artificial structures and retains a somewhat flat appearance. The nest is a structure of primarily three levels: the first level acts as a foundation and is usually made up of twigs, mud, small pebbles and in at least a few reported cases, small river mollusk shells were used; the second level of the nest is made up of grasses,finer smaller twigs; the third level of construction composing the nest, is a small compression usually lined with fresh green leaves where the eggs are laid. Three to six eggs are laid, and the female is the main incubator, with some help from the male. Purple Martins are generally known to raise only a single brood. Fledging, when the young leave the nest, occurs at about one month, after which the parent continue to feed the fledgling young.
Diet.
Purple Martins are aerial insectivores, meaning that they catch insects from the air. The birds are agile hunters and eat a variety of winged insects. Rarely, they will come to the ground to eat insects. They usually fly relatively high, so, contrary to popular opinion, mosquitoes do not form a large part of their diet.
Vocalization.
Purple Martins are fairly noisy, chirping and making sounds that have been described as chortles, rattles, and croaks. The various calls are said to be "throaty and rich" and can be rendered as "tchew-wew", "pew pew", "choo", "cher", "zweet" and "zwrack". The males have a gurgling and guttural courtship song, a dawn song, and even a subsong used at the end of the breeding season. Tapes of Purple Martin song are sold to attract martins to newly established birdhouses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18952681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952681" title="Shenandoah National Park">
Shenandoah National Park

Shenandoah National Park encompasses part of the Blue Ridge Mountains in the U.S. state of Virginia. This national park is long and narrow, with the broad Shenandoah River and Valley on the west side, and the rolling hills of the Virginia Piedmont on the east. Although the scenic Skyline Drive is likely the most prominent feature of the Park, almost 40% of the land area has been designated as wilderness and is protected as part of the National Wilderness Preservation System. The highest peak is Hawksbill Mountain at .
Geography.
The park encompasses parts of eight counties. On the west side of Skyline Drive they are, from northeast to southwest, Warren, Page, Rockingham, and Augusta counties. On the east side of Skyline Drive they are Rappahannock, Madison, Greene, and Albemarle counties. The park stretches for 105 miles (169 km) along Skyline Drive from near the town of Front Royal in the northeast to near the city of Waynesboro in the southwest. The Park headquarters are located in Luray.
Geology.
Shenandoah National Park lies along the Blue Ridge Mountains in north-central Virginia. These mountains form a distinct highland rising to elevations above . Local topographic relief between the Blue Ridge Mountains and Shenandoah Valley exceeds at some locations. The crest of the range divides the Shenandoah River drainage basin, part of the Potomac River drainage, on the west side, from the James and Rappahannock River drainage basins on the east side.
Some of the rocks exposed in the park date to over one billion years in age, making them among the oldest in Virginia. Bedrock in the park includes Grenville-age granitic basement rocks (1.2-1.0 billion years old) and a cover sequence of metamorphosed Neoproterozoic (570-550 million years old) sedimentary and volcanic rocks of the Swift Run and Catoctin formations and early Cambrian (542-520 million years old) clastic rocks of the Chilhowee Group. Quaternary surficial deposits are common and mantle much of the bedrock throughout the park.
The park is located along the western part of the Blue Ridge anticlinorium, a regional-scale Paleozoic structure at the eastern margin of the Appalachian fold and thrust belt. Rocks within the park were folded, faulted, distorted, and metamorphosed during the late Paleozoic Alleghanian orogeny (325 to 260million years ago). The rugged topography of Blue Ridge Mountains is a result of differential erosion during the Cenozoic, although some post-Paleozoic tectonic activity occurred in the region.
History.
Creation of the park.
Shenandoah was authorized in 1926 and fully established on December 26, 1935. Prior to being a park, much of the area was farmland and there are still remnants of old farms in several places. The Commonwealth of Virginia slowly acquired the land through eminent domain and then gave it to the U.S. Federal Government provided it would be designated a National Park.
In the creation of the park Skyline Drive right-of-way was purchased from owners without condemnation, a number of families and entire communities were required to vacate portions of the Blue Ridge Mountains. Many residents in the 500 homes in eight affected counties of Virginia were vehemently opposed to losing their homes and communities. Most of the families removed came from Madison County, Page County, and Rappahannock County.
Nearly 90% of the inhabitants worked the land for a living. Many worked in the apple orchards in the valley and in areas near the eastern slopes. The work to create the National Park and Skyline Drive began following a terrible drought in 1930 which destroyed the crops of many families in the area who farmed in the mountainous terrain, as well as many of the apple orchards where they worked picking crops. Nevertheless, it remains a fact that they were displaced, often against their will, and even for a very few who managed to stay, their communities were lost. A little-known fact is that, while some families were removed by force, a few others (who mostly had also become difficult to deal with) were allowed to stay after their properties were acquired, living in the park until nature took its course and they gradually died. The policy allowed the elderly and disabled who so wished to remain with life tenancy. The last to die was Annie Lee Bradley Shenk who died in 1979 at age 92. Most of the people displaced left their homes quietly. According to the Virginia Historical Society, eighty-five-year-old Hezekiah Lam explained, "I ain't so crazy about leavin' these hills but I never believed in bein' ag'in (against) the Government. I signed everythin' they asked me." The lost communities and homes were a price paid for one of the country's most beautiful National Parks and scenic roadways.
Segregation and desegregation.
In the early 1930s, the National Park Service began planning the park facilities and envisioned separate provisions for blacks and whites. At that time, in Jim Crow Virginia, racial segregation was the order of the day. In its transfer of the parkland to the federal government, Virginia initially attempted to ban African Americans entirely from the park, but settled for enforcing its segregation laws in the park's facilities.
By the 1930s, there were several concessions operated by private firms within the area that would become the park, some going back to the late 19th Century. These early private facilities at Skyland Resort, Panorama Resort, and Swift Run Gap were operated only for whites. By 1937, the Park Service accepted a bid from Virginia Sky-Line Company to take over the existing facilities and add new lodges, cabins, and other amenities, including Big Meadows Lodge. Under their plan, all the sites in the parks, save one, were for "Whites Only." Their plan included a separate facility for African Americans at Lewis Mountain—a picnic ground, a smaller lodge, cabins and a campground. The site opened in 1939, and it was substantially inferior to the other park facilities. By then, however, the Interior Department was increasingly anxious to eliminate segregation from all parks. Pinnacles picnic ground was selected to be the initial integrated site in the Shenandoah, but Virginia Sky-Line Company continued to balk, and distributed maps showing Lewis Mountain as the only site for African Americans. During World War II, concessions closed and park usage plunged. But once the War ended, in December 1945, the NPS mandated that all concessions in all national parks were to be desegregated. In October 1947 the dining rooms of Lewis Mountain and Panorama were integrated and by early 1950, the mandate was fully accomplished.
Attractions.
Skyline Drive.
The park is best known for Skyline Drive, a 105 mile (169 km) road that runs the entire length of the park along the ridge of the mountains. The drive is particularly popular in the fall when the leaves are changing colors. 101 miles (162 km) of the Appalachian Trail are also in the park. In total, there are over 500 miles (800 km) of trails within the park. Of the trails, one of the most popular is Old Rag Mountain, which offers a thrilling rock scramble and some of the most breathtaking views in Virginia. There is also horseback riding, camping, bicycling, and many waterfalls. The Skyline Drive is the first National Park Service road east of the Mississippi River listed as a National Historic Landmark on the National Register of Historic Places. It is also designated as a National Scenic Byway.
Backcountry camping.
Shenandoah National Park offers of backcountry and wilderness camping. While in the backcountry, campers must use a "Leave No Trace" policy that includes burying excrement and not building campfires.
Backcountry campers must also be careful of wildlife such as poisonous snakes and bears. Campers must suspend their food from trees while not in use in "bear bags" or park-approved bear canisters to prevent unintentionally feeding the bears, who then become habituated to humans and their food and therefore dangerous. All animals are protected by federal law.
Lodging.
Campgrounds and cabins.
Most of the campgrounds are open from April to October–November. There are five major campgrounds:
Lodges.
There are three lodges/cabins:
Lodges are located at Skyland and Big Meadows. The Park's Harry F. Byrd Visitor Center is also located at Big Meadows. Another visitor center is located at Dickey Ridge. Campgrounds are located at Mathews Arm, Big Meadows, Lewis Mountain, and Loft Mountain.
Rapidan Camp, the restored presidential fishing retreat Herbert Hoover built on the Rapidan River in 1929, is accessed by a round-trip hike on Mill Prong Trail, which begins on the Skyline Drive at Milam Gap (Mile 52.8). The NPS also offers guided van trips that leave from the Byrd Center at Big Meadows.
Shenandoah National Park is one of the most dog-friendly in the national park system. The campgrounds all allow dogs, and dogs are allowed on almost all of the trails including the Appalachian Trail, if kept on leash (6 feet or shorter).
Streams and rivers in the park are very popular with fly fisherman for native brook trout.
Waterfalls.
Many waterfalls are located within the park boundaries. Below is a list of significant falls.
Hiking trails.
Dark Hollow Falls Trail.
Beginning at mile 50.7 of the Skyline Drive near the Byrd Visitor Center, Dark Hollow Falls Trail leads downhill beside a creek called Hogcamp Branch to Dark Hollow Falls, a 70-foot cascade. The distance from the trailhead to the base of the falls is 0.7 mile, although the trail continues beyond that point, crossing the creek and connecting with the Rose River fire road. Various fauna can be viewed along the trail, including occasional sightings of black bear and timber rattlesnake. While the trail is relatively short, parts of it are steep and may prove challenging to some visitors. There is no view from the brink of the falls, and slippery rocks make it inadvisable to leave the trail.
Stony Man Trail.
This is one of the most scenic trails in the skyline drive. It ends up at a cliff and offers a beautiful overlook. It is ideal to watch sunset. Pets and horses are not allowed in this trail.
Ecology.
The climate of the park, and in turn also its flora and fauna, is largely typical for mountainous regions of the eastern Mid-Atlantic woodland, and indeed a large portion of common species are typical of ecosystems at lower altitudes as well. On southwestern faces of some of the southernmost hillsides pine predominates and there is also the occasional prickly pear cactus which grows naturally. In contrast, some of the northeastern aspects are most likely to have small but dense stands of moisture loving hemlocks and mosses in abundance. Other commonly found plants include oak, hickory, chestnut, maple, tulip poplar, mountain laurel, milkweed, daisies, and many species of ferns. The once predominant American Chestnut tree was effectively brought to extinction by a fungus known as the Chestnut blight during the 1930s – though the tree continues to grow in the park, it does not reach maturity and dies back before it can reproduce. Various species of Oaks superseded the Chestnuts and became the dominant tree species. Gypsy moth infestations beginning in the early 1990s began to erode the dominance of the oak forests as the moths would primarily consume the leaves of oak trees. Though the Gypsy moths seem to have abated some, they continue to affect the forest and have destroyed almost 10 percent of the oak groves.
Ranger programs.
Park rangers organize several programs from spring to fall. These include ranger-led hikes, as well as discussions of the history, flora, and fauna.

</doc>
<doc id="18952693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952693" title="Plant stem">
Plant stem

A stem is one of two main structural axes of a vascular plant, the other being the root. The stem is normally divided into nodes and internodes. The nodes hold buds which grow into one or more leaves, conifer cones, roots, other stems, or flowers (inflorescences); the internodes distance one node from another. The term "shoots" is often confused with "stems"; "shoots" generally refers to new fresh plant growth including both stems and other structures like leaves or flowers. In most plants stems are located above the soil surface but some plants have underground stems. A stem develops buds and shoots and usually grows above the ground. Inside the stem, materials move up and down the tissues of the transport system.
Stems have four main functions which are:
Specialized terms for stems.
Stems are often specialized for storage, asexual reproduction, protection or photosynthesis, including the following:
Stem structure.
Stem usually consist of three tissues, dermal tissue, ground tissue and vascular tissue. The dermal tissue covers the outer surface of the stem and usually functions to waterproof, protect and control gas exchange. The ground tissue usually consists mainly of parenchyma cells and fills in around the vascular tissue. It sometimes functions in photosynthesis. Vascular tissue provides long distance transport and structural support. Most or all ground tissue may be lost in woody stems. The dermal tissue of aquatic plants stems may lack the waterproofing found in aerial stems. The arrangement of the vascular tissues varies widely among plant species.
Dicot stems.
Dicot stem with primary growth have pith in the center, with vascular bundles forming a distinct ring visible when the stem is viewed in cross section. The outside of the stem is covered with an epidermis, which is covered by a waterproof cuticle. The epidermis also may contain stomata for gas exchange and multicellular stem hairs called trichomes. A cortex consisting of Hypodermis (collenchyma cells) and Endodermis (starch containing cells)is present above the pericycle and vascular bundles.
Woody dicots and many nonwoody dicots have secondary growth originating from their lateral or secondary meristems: the vascular cambium and the cork cambium or phellogen. The vascular cambium forms between the xylem and phloem in the vascular bundles and connects to form a continuous cylinder. The vascular cambium cells divide to produce secondary xylem to the inside and secondary phloem to the outside. As the stem increases in diameter due to production of secondary xylem and secondary phloem, the cortex and epidermis are eventually destroyed. Before the cortex is destroyed, a cork cambium develops there. The cork cambium divides to produce waterproof cork cells externally and sometimes phelloderm cells internally. Those three tissues form the periderm, which replaces the epidermis in function. Areas of loosely packed cells in the periderm that function in gas exchange are called lenticels.
Secondary xylem is commercially important as wood. The seasonal variation in growth from the vascular cambium is what creates yearly tree rings in temperate climates. Tree rings are the basis of dendrochronology, which dates wooden objects and associated artifacts. Dendroclimatology is the use of tree rings as a record of past climates. The aerial stem of an adult tree is called a trunk. The dead, usually darker inner wood of a large diameter trunk is termed the heartwood and is the result of tylosis. The outer, living wood is termed the sapwood.
Monocot stems.
Vascular bundles are present throughout the monocot stem, although concentrated towards the outside. This differs from the dicot stem that has a ring of vascular bundles and often none in the center. The shoot apex in monocot stems is more elongated. Leaf sheathes grow up around it, protecting it. This is true to some extent of almost all monocots. Monocots rarely produce secondary growth and are therefore seldom woody, with Palms and Bamboo being notable exceptions. However, many monocot stems increase in diameter via anomalous secondary growth.
Gymnosperm stems.
All gymnosperms are woody plants. Their stems are similar in structure to woody dicots except that most gymnosperms produce only tracheids in their xylem, not the vessels found in dicots. Gymnosperm wood also often contains resin ducts. Woody dicots are called hardwoods, e.g. oak, maple and walnut. In contrast, softwoods are gymnosperms, such as pine, spruce and fir.
Fern stems.
Most ferns have rhizomes with no vertical stem. The exception is tree ferns, with vertical stems up to about 20 metres. The stem anatomy of ferns is more complicated than that of dicots because fern stems often have one or more leaf gaps in cross section. A leaf gap is where the vascular tissue branches off to a frond. In cross section, the vascular tissue does not form a complete cylinder where a leaf gap occurs. Fern stems may have solenosteles or dictyosteles or variations of them. Many fern stems have phloem tissue on both sides of the xylem in cross-section.
Relation to xenobiotics.
Foreign chemicals such as air pollutants, herbicides and pesticides can damage stem structures. In the case of herbicides many chemicals act by surficial effects, and other agents cause damage through uptake of the chemical herbicide, which is typically a complex organic chemical.
Economic importance.
There are thousands of species whose stems have economic uses. Stems provide a few major staple crops such as potato and taro. Sugarcane stems are a major source of sugar. Maple sugar is obtained from trunks of maple trees. Vegetables from stems are asparagus, bamboo shoots, cactus pads or nopalitos, kohlrabi, and water chestnut. The spice, cinnamon is bark from a tree trunk. Cellulose from tree trunks is a food additive in bread, grated Parmesan cheese, and other processed foods. Gum arabic is an important food additive obtained from the trunks of "Acacia senegal" trees. Chicle, the main ingredient in chewing gum, is obtained from trunks of the chicle tree.
Medicines obtained from stems include quinine from the bark of cinchona trees, camphor distilled from wood of a tree in the same genus that provides cinnamon, and the muscle relaxant curare from the bark of tropical vines.
Wood is used in thousands of ways, e.g. buildings, furniture, boats, airplanes, wagons, car parts, musical instruments, sports equipment, railroad ties, utility poles, fence posts, pilings, toothpicks, matches, plywood, coffins, shingles, barrel staves, toys, tool handles, picture frames, veneer, charcoal and firewood. Wood pulp is widely used to make paper, paperboard, cellulose sponges, cellophane and some important plastics and textiles, such as cellulose acetate and rayon. Bamboo stems also have hundreds of uses, including paper, buildings, furniture, boats, musical instruments, fishing poles, water pipes, plant stakes, and scaffolding. Trunks of palm trees and tree ferns are often used for building. Reed stems are also important building materials in some areas.
Tannins used for tanning leather are obtained from the wood of certain trees, such as quebracho. Cork is obtained from the bark of the cork oak. Rubber is obtained from the trunks of "Hevea brasiliensis." Rattan, used for furniture and baskets, is made from the stems of tropical vining palms. Bast fibers for textiles and rope are obtained from stems include flax, hemp, jute and ramie. The earliest paper was obtained from the stems of papyrus by the ancient Egyptians.
Amber is fossilized sap from tree trunks; it is used for jewelry and may contain ancient animals. Resins from conifer wood are used to produce turpentine and rosin. Tree bark is often used as a mulch and in growing media for container plants. It also can become the natural habitat of lichens.
Some ornamental plants are grown mainly for their attractive stems, e.g.:

</doc>
<doc id="18952702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952702" title="Amulet">
Amulet

An amulet (Latin "amuletum") can be any object but its most important characteristic is its alleged power to protect its owner from danger or harm. Amulets are different from talismans as a talisman is believed to bring luck or some other benefit, though it can offer protection as well. Amulets are often confused with pendants—charms that hang from necklaces—any given pendant may indeed be an amulet, but so may any other charm which purports to protect its owner from danger.
Potential amulets include gems, especially engraved gems, statues, coins, drawings, pendants, rings, plants and animals; even words in the form of a magical spell or incantation to repel evil or bad luck.
The word "amulet" comes from the Latin "amuletum"; the earliest extant use of the term is in Pliny's "Natural History", meaning "an object that protects a person from trouble".
Amulets in folklore.
Amulets vary considerably according to their time and place of origin. In many societies, religious objects serve as amulets, e.g. deriving from the ancient Celts, the clover, if it has four leaves, symbolizes good luck (not the Irish shamrock, which symbolizes the Christian Trinity).
In Bolivia, the god Ekeko furnishes a standard amulet, to whom one should offer at least one banknote or a cigarette to obtain fortune and welfare.
In certain areas of India, Nepal and Sri Lanka, it is traditionally believed that the jackal's horn can grant wishes and reappear to its owner at its own accord when lost. Some Sinhalese believe that the horn can grant the holder invulnerability in any lawsuit.
In the Philippines, the local amulet is called agimat or "anting-anting". According to folklore, the most powerful "anting-anting" is the "hiyas ng saging" (directly translated as pearl or gem of the banana). The hiyas must come from a mature banana and only comes out during midnight. Before the person can fully possess this agimat, he must fight a supernatural creature called "kapre". Only then will he be its true owner. During holy week, devotees travel to Mount Banahaw to recharge their amulets.
Amulets and ancient Rome.
The amulet is particularly prevalent in ancient Roman society, being the inheritor of the ancient Greek tradition, and inextricably linked to Roman Religion and magic (see Magic in the Greco-Roman World). Amulets are usually outside of the normal sphere of religious experience though associations between certain gemstones and gods has been suggested, for example, Jupiter is represented on milky chalcedony, Sol on heliotrope, Mars on red jasper, Ceres on green jasper and Bacchus on amethyst. Amulets are worn to imbue the wearer with the associated powers of the gods rather than for any reasons of piety. The intrinsic power of the amulet is also evident from others bearing inscriptions, such as "vterfexix (utere fexix)" or "good luck to the user." Amulet boxes could also be used, such as the example from part of the Thetford treasure, Norfolk, UK, where a gold box intended for suspension around the neck was found to contain sulphur for its apotropaic qualities.
Amulets in the Abrahamic religions.
In antiquity and the Middle Ages, most Jews, Christians and Muslims in the Orient believed in the protective and healing power of amulets or blessed objects. Talismans used by these peoples can be broken down into three main categories: talismans carried or worn on the body, talismans hung upon or above the bed of an infirm person, and medicinal talismans. This third category can be further divided into external and internal talismans. For example, an external amulet can be placed in a bath.
Jews, Christians, and Muslims have also at times used their holy books in a talisman-like manner in grave situations. For example, a bed-ridden and seriously ill person would have a holy book placed under part of the bed or cushion.
Judaism.
Amulets are plentiful in the Jewish tradition, with examples of Solomon-era amulets existing in many museums. Due to proscription of idols, Jewish amulets emphasize text and names — the shape, material or color of an amulet makes no difference. Examples of textual amulets include the Silver Scroll, circa 630 BCE, and the still contemporary mezuzah. A counter-example, however, is the Hand of Miriam, an outline of a human hand.
Christianity.
The Roman Catholic Church maintains that the legitimate use of sacramentals in its proper disposition is only encouraged by a firm faith and devotion in God, not through any magical or superstitious belief bestowed on the sacramental. In this regard, rosaries, scapular, medals and other devotional religious Catholic paraphernalia derive their power, not from the symbolism created by the object, rather by the faith of the believer in entrusting its power to God. While some Catholics may not fully appreciate this view, belief in pagan magic or polytheistic superstition through material in-animate objects are condemned by the Holy See.
Protestant denominations in general do not share in this belief, but other Christian Evangelicals sometimes advertise in television prayer clothes, or coins, and wallet reminders claiming to have intercessory powers on its bearer.
Lay Catholics are not permitted to perform exorcisms but they can use holy water, blessed salt and other sacramentals such as the Saint Benedict medal or the crucifix for warding off evil.
Crucifix.
The crucifix is one of the key sacramentals used by Catholics and has been used to ward off evil for centuries. The imperial cross of Conrad II (1024–1039) referred to the power of the cross against evil. Many of the early theologians of the Catholic Church made reference to use of the sign of the cross by Christians to bless and to ward off demonic influences. The crucifix is still widely used as a talismanic sacramental by Christians.
Medals.
A well-known amulet among Catholic Christians is the Saint Benedict medal which includes the "Vade Retro Satana" formula to ward off Satan. This medal has been in use at least since the 18th century and in 1742 it received the approval of Pope Benedict XIV. It later became part of the Roman Catholic ritual.
Scapulars.
Some Catholic sacramentals are believed to defend against evil, by virtue of their association with a specific saint or archangel. The "scapular of St. Michael the Archangel" is a Roman Catholic devotional scapular associated with Archangel Michael, the chief enemy of Satan. Pope Pius IX gave this scapular his blessing, but it was first formally approved under Pope Leo XIII.
The form of this scapular is somewhat distinct, in that the two segments of cloth that constitute it have the form of a small shield; one is made of blue and the other of black cloth, and one of the bands likewise is blue and the other black. Both portions of the scapular bear the well-known representation of the Archangel St. Michael slaying the dragon and the inscription """" meaning "Who is like God?".
Holy water.
Catholic saints have written about the power of holy water as a force that repels evil. Saint Teresa of Avila, a Doctor of the Church who reported visions of Jesus and Mary, was a strong believer in the power of holy water and wrote that she used it with success to repel evil and temptations.
External links.
Indo Amulets: Indonesian Amulets and Talismans

</doc>
<doc id="18952719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952719" title="Cochineal">
Cochineal

The cochineal ( or ; "Dactylopius coccus") is a scale insect in the suborder Sternorrhyncha, from which the crimson-coloured dye carmine is derived. A primarily sessile parasite native to tropical and subtropical South America and Mexico, this insect lives on cacti in the genus "Opuntia", feeding on plant moisture and nutrients.
The insect produces carminic acid that deters predation by other insects. Carminic acid, typically 17–24% of dried insects' weight, can be extracted from the body and eggs then mixed with aluminum or calcium salts to make carmine dye, also known as cochineal. Carmine is today primarily used as a food colouring and for cosmetics, especially as a lipstick colouring.
The carmine dye was used in Central America in the 15th century for colouring fabrics and became an important export good during the colonial period. After synthetic pigments and dyes such as alizarin were invented in the late 19th century, natural-dye production gradually diminished. Health fears over artificial food additives, however, have renewed the popularity of cochineal dyes, and the increased demand has made cultivation of the insect profitable again, with Peru being the largest exporter. In Mexico, some towns in the state of Oaxaca are still working in handmade textiles.
There are other species in the genus "Dactylopius" that can be used to produce cochineal extract, but they are extremely difficult to distinguish from "D. coccus", even for expert taxonomists, and the latter scientific name (and the vernacular "cochineal insect") is therefore commonly used when one is actually referring to other biological species. The primary biological distinctions between species are minor differences in host plant preferences, in addition to very different geographic distributions.
Etymology.
Cochineal is probably from . See also the related word kermes which is the source of a similar but weaker Mediterranean dye also called crimson, which was used to color cloth red before discovery of cochineal in the New World. Some sources identify the Spanish source word for cochineal as cochinilla "wood louse" (a diminutive form related to Spanish, cerdo and chancho, ultimately from French cochon, meaning "pig")."
History.
Cochineal dye was used by the Aztec and Maya peoples of Central and North America. Eleven cities conquered by Moctezuma in the 15th century paid a yearly tribute of 2000 decorated cotton blankets and 40 bags of cochineal dye each. During the colonial period the production of cochineal ("grana fina") grew rapidly. Produced almost exclusively in Oaxaca by indigenous producers, cochineal became Mexico's second most valued export after silver. Soon after the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire it began to be exported to Spain, and by the seventeenth century was a commodity traded as far away as India. The dyestuff was consumed throughout Europe and was so highly prized that its price was regularly quoted on the London and Amsterdam Commodity Exchanges. In 1777 the French botanist Nicolas-Joseph Thiéry de Menonville, presenting himself as a botanizing physician, smuggled the insects and pads of the "Opuntia" cactus to Saint Domingue. This particular collection failed to thrive and ultimately died out, leaving the Mexican monopoly intact. After the Mexican War of Independence in 1810–1821, the Mexican monopoly on cochineal came to an end. Large scale production of cochineal emerged, especially in Guatemala and the Canary Islands; it was also cultivated in Spain and North Africa.
The demand for cochineal fell sharply with the appearance on the market of alizarin crimson and many other artificial dyes discovered in Europe in the middle of the 19th century, causing a significant financial shock in Spain as a major industry almost ceased to exist. The delicate manual labour required for the breeding of the insect could not compete with the modern methods of the new industry, and even less so with the lowering of production costs. The ""tuna" blood" dye (from the Mexican name for the "Opuntia" fruit) stopped being used and trade in cochineal almost totally disappeared in the course of the 20th century. The breeding of the cochineal insect has been done mainly for the purposes of maintaining the tradition rather than to satisfy any sort of demand.
It has become commercially valuable again, although most consumers are unaware that the phrases "cochineal extract", "carmine", "crimson lake", "natural red 4", "C.I. 75470", "E120", or even "natural colouring" refer to a dye that is derived from an insect. One reason for its popularity is that many commercial synthetic red dyes were found to be carcinogenic. The dye can, however, induce an anaphylactic shock reaction in rare cases.
Art.
The carmine of antiquity also contains carminic acid, and was extracted from a similar insect, "Kermes vermilio", which lives on "Quercus coccifera" oaks native to the Near East and the European side of the Mediterranean Basin. Kermes carmine was used as a dye and a laked pigment in ancient Egypt, Greece, and the Near East and is one of the oldest organic pigments. Recipes for artists' use of carmine appear in many early painting and alchemical handbooks throughout the Middle Ages; the laking process for both pigments was improved in the 19th century. Carmine was not light-fast and was largely abandoned in art.
Deep brownish red (Indian lake or lac (NR25)) is made from the blood-red secretion of female scale insects ("Laccifer lacca") that feed on the twigs of various trees native to India, including "Butea frondosa" and "Ficus religiosa". The twigs become encrusted with a reddish, bumpy, and glossy resin that is processed to extract the red colourant; lighter grades of the resin are used as the basis for shellac, and was used as a silk dye in India and imported to Spain since the early 13th century. In chemical terms, lac is closely related to carmine, and is equally fugitive.
Biology.
Cochineal insects are soft-bodied, flat, oval-shaped scale insects. The females, wingless and about long, cluster on cactus pads. They penetrate the cactus with their beak-like mouthparts and feed on its juices, remaining immobile unless alarmed. After mating, the fertilised female increases in size and gives birth to tiny nymphs. The nymphs secrete a waxy white substance over their bodies for protection from water loss and excessive sun. This substance makes the cochineal insect appear white or grey from the outside, though the body of the insect and its nymphs produces the red pigment, which makes the insides of the insect look dark purple. Adult males can be distinguished from females in that males have wings, and are much smaller in size.
It is in the first nymph stage, called the "crawler" stage, that the cochineal disperses. The juveniles move to a feeding spot and produce long wax filaments. Later they move to the edge of the cactus pad where the wind catches the wax filaments and carries the insects to a new host. These individuals establish feeding sites on the new host and produce a new generation of cochineals. Male nymphs feed on the cactus until they reach sexual maturity. At this time they can no longer feed at all and live only long enough to fertilise the eggs. They are therefore seldom observed. In addition, females typically outnumber males due to environmental factors.
Host cacti.
"Dactylopius coccus" is native to tropical and subtropical South America and Mexico, where their host cacti grow natively. They have been widely introduced to many regions where their host cacti grow. There are 200 species of "Opuntia" cacti, and while it is possible to cultivate cochineal on almost all of them, the most common is "Opuntia ficus-indica". "D. coccus" has only been noted on "Opuntia" species, including "Opuntia amyclaea", "O. atropes", "O. cantabrigiensis", "O. brasilienis", "O. ficus-indica", "O. fuliginosa", "O. jaliscana", "O. leucotricha", "O. lindheimeri", "O. microdasys", "O. megacantha", "O. pilifera", "O. robusta", "O. sarca", "O. schikendantzii", "O. stricta", "O. streptacantha", and "O. tomentosa". Feeding cochineals can damage and kill the plant. Other cochineal species feed on many of the same "Opuntia", and it is likely that the wide range of hosts reported for "D. coccus" is because of the difficulty in distinguishing it from other "Dactylopius".
Farming.
A nopal cactus farm for the production of cochineal is traditionally known as a "nopalry". There are two methods of farming cochineal: traditional and controlled. Cochineals are farmed in the traditional method by planting infected cactus pads or infesting existing cacti with cochineals and harvesting the insects by hand. The controlled method uses small baskets called "Zapotec nests" placed on host cacti. The baskets contain clean, fertile females that leave the nests and settle on the cactus to await fertilization by the males. In both cases the cochineals must be protected from predation, cold, and rain. The complete cycle lasts 3 months, during which time the cacti are kept at a constant temperature of . At the end of the cycle, the new cochineals are left to reproduce or are collected and dried for dye production.
To produce dye from cochineals, the insects are collected when they are approximately 90 days old. Harvesting the insects is labour-intensive, as they must be individually knocked, brushed, or picked from the cacti and placed into bags. The insects are gathered by small groups of collectors who sell them to local processors or exporters.
Several natural enemies can reduce the population of the insect on its cacti hosts. Of all the predators, insects seem to be the most important group. Insects and their larvae such as pyralid moths (order Lepidoptera), which destroy the cactus, and predators such as lady bugs (Coleoptera), various Diptera (such as Syrphidae and Chamaemyiidae), lacewings (Neuroptera), and ants (Hymenoptera) have been identified, as well as numerous parasitic wasps. Many birds, human-commensal rodents (especially rats) and reptiles also prey on cochineal insects. In regions dependent on cochineal production, pest control measures have to be taken seriously. For small-scale cultivation, manual methods of control have proved to be the safest and most effective. For large-scale cultivation, advanced pest control methods have to be developed, including alternative bioinsecticides or traps with pheromones.
Farming in Australia.
"Opuntia", known commonly as prickly pears, were first brought to Australia in an attempt to start a cochineal dye industry in 1788. Captain Arthur Phillip collected a number of cochineal-infested plants from Brazil on his way to establish the first European settlement at Botany Bay, part of which is now Sydney, New South Wales. At that time, Spain and Portugal had a worldwide cochineal dye monopoly via their New World colonial sources, and the British desired a source under their own control, as the dye was important to their clothing and garment industries; it was used to colour the British soldiers' red coats, for example. The attempt was a failure in two ways: the Brazilian cochineal insects soon died off, but the cactus thrived, eventually overrunning about of eastern Australia. The cacti were eventually brought under control in the 1920s by the deliberate introduction of a South American moth, "Cactoblastis cactorum", whose larvae fed on the cactus.
Dye.
Carminic acid is extracted from the female cochineal insects and is treated to produce carmine, which can yield shades of red such as crimson and scarlet. The body of the insect is approximately 19–22% carminic acid. The insects are processed by immersion in hot water or exposure to sunlight, steam, or the heat of an oven. Each method produces a different colour that results in the varied appearance of commercial cochineal. The insects must be dried to about 30 percent of their original body weight before they can be stored without decaying. It takes about 80,000 to 100,000 insects to make one kilogram of cochineal dye.
There are two principal forms of cochineal dye. Cochineal extract is a colouring made from the raw dried and pulverised bodies of insects, and carmine is a more purified colouring made from the cochineal. To prepare carmine, the powdered insect bodies are boiled in ammonia or a sodium carbonate solution, the insoluble matter is removed by filtering, and alum is added to the clear salt solution of carminic acid to precipitate the red aluminium salt. Purity of colour is ensured by the absence of iron. Stannous chloride, citric acid, borax, or gelatin may be added to regulate the formation of the precipitate. For shades of purple, lime is added to the alum.
As of 2005, Peru produced 200 tons of cochineal dye per year and the Canary Islands produced 20 tons per year. Chile and Mexico have also recently begun to export cochineal. France is believed to be the world's largest importer, and Japan and Italy also import the insect. Much of these imports are processed and reexported to other developed economies. As of 2005, the market price of cochineal was between 50 and 80 USD per kilogram, while synthetic raw food dyes are available at prices as low as 10–20 USD per kilogram.
Uses.
Traditionally cochineal was used for colouring fabrics. During the colonial period, with the introduction of sheep to Latin America, the use of cochineal increased, as it provided the most intense colour and it set more firmly on woolen garments than on clothes made of materials of pre-Hispanic origin such as cotton, agave fibers and yucca fibers. In general, cochineal is more successful on protein-based animal fibres (including silk) than plant-based material. Once the European market discovered the qualities of this product, the demand for it increased dramatically. By the beginning of the seventeenth century it was traded internationally. Carmine became strong competition for other colourants such as madder root, kermes, Polish cochineal, brazilwood, and Tyrian purple, as they were used for dyeing the clothes of kings, nobles and the clergy. For the past several centuries it was the most important insect dye used in the production of hand-woven oriental rugs, almost completely displacing lac. It was also used for painting, handicrafts, and tapestries. Cochineal-coloured wool and cotton are still important materials for Mexican folk art and crafts.
Today, it is used as a fabric and cosmetics dye and as a natural food colouring. It is also used in histology. In artist's paints, it has been replaced by synthetic reds and is largely unavailable for purchase due to poor lightfastness. When used as a food additive the dye must be included on packaging labels. Sometimes carmine is labelled as "E120". A small number of people have been found to have allergies to carmine, ranging from mild cases of hives to atrial fibrillation and anaphylactic shock, with 32 cases documented to date. Carmine has been found to cause asthma in some people. Natural carmine dye used in food and cosmetics can render the product unacceptable to vegetarian or vegan consumers. Many Muslims consider carmine containing food forbidden (haraam) because the dye is extracted from insects and all insects except the locust are haraam in Islam. Jews also avoid food containing this additive, even though it is not treif and some authorities allow its use because the insect is dried and reduced to powder.
Cochineal is one of the few water-soluble colourants that resist degradation with time. It is one of the most light- and heat-stable and oxidation-resistant of all the natural organic colourants and is even more stable than many synthetic food colours. The water-soluble form is used in alcoholic drinks with calcium carmine; the insoluble form is used in a wide variety of products. Together with ammonium carmine, they can be found in meat, sausages, processed poultry products (meat products cannot be coloured in the United States unless they are labeled as such), surimi, marinades, alcoholic drinks, bakery products and toppings, cookies, desserts, icings, pie fillings, jams, preserves, gelatin desserts, juice beverages, varieties of cheddar cheese and other dairy products, sauces, and sweets. 
Carmine is considered safe enough for use in eye cosmetics. A significant proportion of the insoluble carmine pigment produced is used in the cosmetics industry for hair- and skin-care products, lipsticks, face powders, rouges, and blushes. A bright red dye and the stain carmine used in microbiology is often made from the carmine extract, too. The pharmaceutical industry uses cochineal to colour pills and ointments.

</doc>
<doc id="18952726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952726" title="Humboldt">
Humboldt

Humboldt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18952729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952729" title="Roy Majtyka">
Roy Majtyka

LeRoy Walter Majtyka (born June 1, 1939) is a retired American infielder and manager in minor league baseball. He also spent three seasons in the Major Leagues as a coach for the Atlanta Braves. He threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed during his active career.
Majtyka was born in Buffalo, New York. He graduated from Buffalo's St. Francis High School in 1958 and attended the University at Buffalo. He signed with the St. Louis Cardinals in as a shortstop, but as he rose in the Cardinal organization he switched to third base and second base. He played one full season of Triple-A baseball – in , split between the Jacksonville Suns and Toledo Mud Hens of the International League – but never reached the big leagues as a player. In his best season, , he batted .281 in 445 at bats with 7 home runs and 57 runs batted in playing for the Tulsa Oilers of the Texas League.
Majtyka managed for 27 years in the minor leagues, beginning the Cardinals' farm system in , and also working for the Cincinnati Reds, Detroit Tigers, Braves and Philadelphia Phillies. His St. Petersburg Cardinals won the Florida State League championship and Majtyka was cited as Manager of the Year in the Eastern League for leading the Trois-Rivières Aigles to a division title.
His three seasons (1988–1990) as a coach for the Braves were the only interruption to a minor-league managerial career (1968–1987; 1991–1997) in which his teams won 1,832 games and lost 1,747, for a winning percentage of .512.
He was in the South Atlantic League Hall of Fame because he ranks in the top 20 of all-time for wins by a minor league manager.

</doc>
<doc id="18952732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952732" title="Gassang Forest Park">
Gassang Forest Park

Gassang Forest Park is a forest park in the Gambia. Established on January 1, 1954, it covers 53 hectares.

</doc>
<doc id="18952734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952734" title="Frank Ferko">
Frank Ferko

Frank Ferko (born June 18, 1950) is an American composer.
Born in Barberton, Ohio, Ferko played piano from childhood, and worked as an organist and conductor in his teens. His first compositions were primarily liturgical in nature, with Lutheran composer Richard Wienhorst being an early influence. He attended Valparaiso University as an undergraduate, where he studied composition and counterpoint under Wienhorst and organ under Philip Gehring. Ferko took particular interest in early music and the compositional and theoretical output of Olivier Messiaen.
He received a bachelor's from Valparaiso in 1972 in piano and organ performance, and then took his master's at Syracuse University in music theory. There he studied theory under Howard Boatright and organ under Will Headlee, and wrote his thesis on one of the extended piano works of Messiaen. Following this, Ferko served as Director of Music at various midwestern churches before entering Northwestern University. At Northwestern he first pursued a Ph.D. in music theory but shifted his attention to music composition which he studied under Alan Stout. During his time at Northwestern he worked as a teaching assistant in the School of Music and also continued his work as a church musician. In 1982 he began working as a music librarian and continues to work as both a librarian and an archivist. He is currently on the staff of the Archive of Recorded Sound at Stanford University.
As a composer, Ferko began receiving critical acclaim and commissions in the 1980s, including the Holtkamp Award from the American Guild of Organists in 1990 for the song cycle "A Practical Program for Monks". In 1990-91 he composed a ten-movement cycle for organ based upon the visions of Hildegard von Bingen. It would be the first of several large-scale projects inspired by Hildegard, followed by "The Hildegard Motets" and "Hildegard Triptych". Ferko premiered "Stabat Mater" in 1999, commissioned by His Majestie's Clerkes. He has also worked as composer-in-residence with the Dale Warland Singers. The European premiere of his choral works took place in April 2003 with a performance of his "Stabat Mater" by the VU-Kamerkoor, Amsterdam, on the occasion of which Ferko joined in rehearsals and held a public introduction to the piece. In 2004 the VU-Kamerkoor commissioned "La remontée des cendres," an extended work for chorus, soloists and an ensemble of eight instruments, based on texts by Tahar Ben Jelloun. The work received its premiere in The Netherlands, performed by the VU-Kamerkoor, conducted by Boudewijn Jansen in May 2005.
The music of Frank Ferko has been heard through public performance or radio broadcast in 30 countries on six continents. 

</doc>
<doc id="18952739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952739" title="Carnivorous plant">
Carnivorous plant

Carnivorous plants are plants that derive some or most of their nutrients (but not energy) from trapping and consuming animals or protozoans, typically insects and other arthropods. Carnivorous plants have adapted to grow in places where the soil is thin or poor in nutrients, especially nitrogen, such as acidic bogs and rock outcroppings. Charles Darwin wrote "Insectivorous Plants", the first well-known treatise on carnivorous plants, in 1875.
True carnivory is thought to have evolved independently six times in five different orders of flowering plants, and these are now represented by more than a dozen genera. These include about 630 species that attract and trap prey, produce digestive enzymes, and absorb the resulting available nutrients. Additionally, over 300 protocarnivorous plant species in several genera show some but not all of these characteristics.
Trapping mechanisms.
Five basic trapping mechanisms are found in carnivorous plants.
These traps may be active or passive, depending on whether movement aids the capture of prey. For example, "Triphyophyllum" is a passive flypaper that secretes mucilage, but whose leaves do not grow or move in response to prey capture. Meanwhile, sundews are active flypaper traps whose leaves undergo rapid acid growth, which is an expansion of individual cells as opposed to cell division. The rapid acid growth allows the sundew tentacles to bend, aiding in the retention and digestion of prey.
The sundew species "Drosera glanduligera" employs a unique trapping mechanism with features of both flypaper and snap traps; this has been termed a "catapult-flypaper trap".
Pitfall traps.
Pitfall traps are thought to have evolved independently on at least four occasions. In general they are phytotelmata, water bodies collected or secreted into specialised containers, and ultimately held by plants for various functions such as in particular, the trapping and digestion of prey. The simplest ones are probably those of "Heliamphora", the marsh pitcher plant. In this genus, the traps are clearly derived evolutionarily from a simple rolled leaf whose margins have sealed together. These plants live in areas of high rainfall in South America such as Mount Roraima and consequently have a problem ensuring their pitchers do not overflow. To counteract this problem, natural selection has favoured the evolution of an overflow similar to that of a bathroom sink—a small gap in the zipped-up leaf margins allows excess water to flow out of the pitcher.
"Heliamphora" is a member of the Sarraceniaceae, a New World family in the order Ericales (heathers and allies). "Heliamphora" is limited to South America, but the family contains two other genera, "Sarracenia" and "Darlingtonia", which are endemic to the Southeastern United States (with the exception of one species) and California respectively. "Sarracenia purpurea" subsp. "purpurea" (the northern pitcher plant) can be found as far north as Canada. "Sarracenia" is the pitcher plant genus most commonly encountered in cultivation, because it is relatively hardy and easy to grow.
In the genus "Sarracenia", the problem of pitcher overflow is solved by an operculum, which is essentially a flared leaflet that covers the opening of the rolled-leaf tube and protects it from rain. Possibly because of this improved waterproofing, "Sarracenia" species secrete enzymes such as proteases and phosphatases into the digestive fluid at the bottom of the pitcher; "Heliamphora" relies on bacterial digestion alone. The enzymes digest the proteins and nucleic acids in the prey, releasing amino acids and phosphate ions, which the plant absorbs.
"Darlingtonia californica", the cobra plant, possesses an adaptation also found in "Sarracenia psittacina" and, to a lesser extent, in "Sarracenia minor": the operculum is balloon-like and almost seals the opening to the tube. This balloon-like chamber is pitted with areolae, chlorophyll-free patches through which light can penetrate. Insects, mostly ants, enter the chamber via the opening underneath the balloon. Once inside, they tire themselves trying to escape from these false exits, until they eventually fall into the tube. Prey access is increased by the "fish tails", outgrowths of the operculum that give the plant its name. Some seedling "Sarracenia" species also have long, overhanging opercular outgrowths; "Darlingtonia" may therefore represent an example of neoteny.
The second major group of pitcher plants are the monkey cups or tropical pitcher plants of the genus "Nepenthes". In the hundred or so species of this genus, the pitcher is borne at the end of a tendril, which grows as an extension to the midrib of the leaf. Most species catch insects, although the larger ones, such as "Nepenthes rajah", also occasionally take small mammals and reptiles. "Nepenthes bicalcarata" possesses two sharp thorns that project from the base of the operculum over the entrance to the pitcher. These likely serve to lure insects into a precarious position over the pitcher mouth, where they may lose their footing and fall into the fluid within.
The pitfall trap has evolved independently in at least two other groups. The Albany pitcher plant "Cephalotus follicularis" is a small pitcher plant from Western Australia, with moccasin-like pitchers. The rim of its pitcher's opening (the peristome) is particularly pronounced (both secrete nectar) and provides a thorny overhang to the opening, preventing trapped insects from climbing out. The lining of most pitcher plants is covered in a loose coating of waxy flakes, which are slippery for insects, prey that are often attracted by nectar bribes secreted by the peristome and by bright flower-like anthocyanin patterning. In at least one species, "Sarracenia flava", the nectar bribe is laced with coniine, a toxic alkaloid also found in hemlock, which probably increases the efficiency of the traps by intoxicating prey.
The final carnivore with a pitfall-like trap is the bromeliad "Brocchinia reducta". Like most relatives of the pineapple, the tightly packed, waxy leaf bases of the strap-like leaves of this species form an urn. In most bromeliads, water collects readily in this urn and may provide habitats for frogs, insects and, more useful for the plant, diazotrophic (nitrogen-fixing) bacteria. In "Brocchinia", the urn is a specialised insect trap, with a loose, waxy lining and a population of digestive bacteria.
Flypaper traps.
The flypaper trap is based on a sticky mucilage, or glue. The leaf of flypaper traps is studded with mucilage-secreting glands, which may be short (like those of the butterworts), or long and mobile (like those of many sundews). Flypapers have evolved independently at least five times.
In the genus "Pinguicula", the mucilage glands are quite short (sessile), and the leaf, while shiny (giving the genus its common name of 'butterwort'), does not appear carnivorous. However, this belies the fact that the leaf is an extremely effective trap of small flying insects (such as fungus gnats), and its surface responds to prey by relatively rapid growth. This thigmotropic growth may involve rolling of the leaf blade (to prevent rain from splashing the prey off the leaf surface) or dishing of the surface under the prey to form a shallow digestive pit.
The sundew genus ("Drosera") consists of over 100 species of active flypapers whose mucilage glands are borne at the end of long tentacles, which frequently grow fast enough in response to prey (thigmotropism) to aid the trapping process. The tentacles of "D. burmanii" can bend 180° in a minute or so. Sundews are extremely cosmopolitan and are found on all the continents except the Antarctic mainland. They are most diverse in Australia, the home to the large subgroup of pygmy sundews such as "D. pygmaea" and to a number of tuberous sundews such as "D. peltata", which form tubers that aestivate during the dry summer months. These species are so dependent on insect sources of nitrogen that they generally lack the enzyme nitrate reductase, which most plants require to assimilate soil-borne nitrate into organic forms.
Closely related to "Drosera" is the Portuguese dewy pine, "Drosophyllum", which differs from the sundews in being passive. Its leaves are incapable of rapid movement or growth. Unrelated, but similar in habit, are the Australian rainbow plants ("Byblis"). "Drosophyllum" is unusual in that it grows under near-desert conditions; almost all other carnivores are either bog plants or grow in moist tropical areas.
Recent molecular data (particularly the production of plumbagin) indicate that the remaining flypaper, "Triphyophyllum peltatum", a member of the Dioncophyllaceae, is closely related to "Drosophyllum" and forms part of a larger clade of carnivorous and non-carnivorous plants with the Droseraceae, Nepenthaceae, Ancistrocladaceae and Plumbaginaceae. This plant is usually encountered as a liana, but in its juvenile phase, the plant is carnivorous. This may be related to a requirement for specific nutrients for flowering.
Snap traps.
The only two active snap traps—the Venus flytrap ("Dionaea muscipula") and the waterwheel plant ("Aldrovanda vesiculosa")—are believed to have had a common ancestor with similar adaptations. Their trapping mechanism has also been described as a "mouse trap", "bear trap" or "man trap", based on their shape and rapid movement. However, the term "snap trap" is preferred as other designations are misleading, particularly with respect to the intended prey. "Aldrovanda" is aquatic and specialised in catching small invertebrates; "Dionaea" is terrestrial and catches a variety of arthropods, including spiders.
The traps are very similar, with leaves whose terminal section is divided into two lobes, hinged along the midrib. Trigger hairs (three on each lobe in "Dionaea muscipula", many more in the case of "Aldrovanda") inside the trap lobes are sensitive to touch. When a trigger hair is bent, stretch-gated ion channels in the membranes of cells at the base of the trigger hair open, generating an action potential that propagates to cells in the midrib. These cells respond by pumping out ions, which may either cause water to follow by osmosis (collapsing the cells in the midrib) or cause rapid acid growth. The mechanism is still debated, but in any case, changes in the shape of cells in the midrib allow the lobes, held under tension, to snap shut, flipping rapidly from convex to concave and interring the prey. This whole process takes less than a second. In the Venus flytrap, closure in response to raindrops and blown-in debris is prevented by the leaves having a simple memory: for the lobes to shut, two stimuli are required, 0.5 to 30 seconds apart.
The snapping of the leaves is a case of thigmonasty (undirected movement in response to touch). Further stimulation of the lobe's internal surfaces by the struggling insects causes the lobes to close even tighter (thigmotropism), sealing the lobes hermetically and forming a stomach in which digestion occurs over a period of one to two weeks. Leaves can be reused three or four times before they become unresponsive to stimulation, depending on the growing conditions.
Bladder traps.
Bladder traps are exclusive to the genus "Utricularia", or bladderworts. The bladders (vesicula) pump ions out of their interiors. Water follows by osmosis, generating a partial vacuum inside the bladder. The bladder has a small opening, sealed by a hinged door. In aquatic species, the door has a pair of long trigger hairs. Aquatic invertebrates such as "Daphnia" touch these hairs and deform the door by lever action, releasing the vacuum. The invertebrate is sucked into the bladder, where it is digested. Many species of "Utricularia" (such as "U. sandersonii") are terrestrial, growing on waterlogged soil, and their trapping mechanism is triggered in a slightly different manner. Bladderworts lack roots, but terrestrial species have anchoring stems that resemble roots. Temperate aquatic bladderworts generally die back to a resting turion during the winter months, and "U. macrorhiza" appears to regulate the number of bladders it bears in response to the prevailing nutrient content of its habitat.
Lobster-pot traps.
A lobster-pot trap is a chamber that is easy to enter, and whose exit is either difficult to find or obstructed by inward-pointing bristles. Lobster pots are the trapping mechanism in "Genlisea", the corkscrew plants. These plants appear to specialise in aquatic protozoa. A "Y"-shaped modified leaf allows prey to enter but not exit. Inward-pointing hairs force the prey to move in a particular direction. Prey entering the spiral entrance that coils around the upper two arms of the "Y" are forced to move inexorably towards a stomach in the lower arm of the "Y", where they are digested. Prey movement is also thought to be encouraged by water movement through the trap, produced in a similar way to the vacuum in bladder traps, and probably evolutionarily related to it.
Outside of "Genlisea", features reminiscent of lobster-pot traps can be seen in "Sarracenia psittacina", "Darlingtonia californica", and, some horticulturalists argue, "Nepenthes aristolochioides".
Combination traps.
The trapping mechanism of the sundew "Drosera glanduligera" combines features of both flypaper and snap traps; it has been termed a "catapult-flypaper trap".
Borderline carnivores.
To be a fully fledged carnivore, a plant must attract, kill, and digest prey; and it must benefit from absorbing the products of the digestion (mostly amino acids and ammonium ions). To many horticulturalists, these distinctions are a matter of taste. There is a spectrum of carnivory found in plants: from completely non-carnivorous plants like cabbages, to borderline carnivores, to unspecialised and simple traps, like "Heliamphora", to extremely specialised and complex traps, like that of the Venus flytrap.
The borderline carnivores include "Roridula" and "Catopsis berteroniana". "Catopsis" is a borderline carnivorous bromeliad, like "Brocchinia reducta". However, unlike "B. reducta", which produces the enzyme phosphatase, "C. berteroniana" has not been shown to produce any digestive enzymes at all. In these pitfall traps, prey simply fall into the urn, assisted by the waxy scales located on the rim. "Roridula" has a more intricate relationship with its prey. The plants in this genus produce sticky leaves with resin-tipped glands and look extremely similar to some of the larger sundews. However, they do not directly benefit from the insects they catch. Instead, they form a mutualistic symbiosis with species of assassin bug (genus "Pameridea"), which eat the trapped insects. The plant benefits from the nutrients in the bugs' faeces.
A number of species in the Martyniaceae (previously Pedaliaceae), such as "Ibicella lutea", have sticky leaves that trap insects. However, these plants have not been shown conclusively to be carnivorous. Likewise, the seeds of Shepherd's Purse, urns of "Paepalanthus bromelioides", bracts of "Passiflora foetida", and flower stalks and sepals of triggerplants ("Stylidium") appear to trap and kill insects, but their classification as carnivores is contentious.
The production of specific prey-digesting enzymes (proteases, ribonucleases, phosphatases, etc.) is sometimes used as a criterion for carnivory. However, this would probably discount "Heliamphora" and "Darlingtonia", both of which appear to rely on the enzymes of symbiotic bacteria to break down their prey but are generally considered as carnivores. However, discounting the enzyme-based definition leaves open the question of "Roridula".
Evolution.
The evolution of carnivorous plants is obscured by the paucity of their fossil record. Very few fossils have been found, and then usually only as seed or pollen. Carnivorous plants are generally herbs, and their traps primary growth. They generally do not form readily fossilisable structures such as thick bark or wood. The traps themselves would probably not be preserved in any case.
Still, much can be deduced from the structure of current traps. Pitfall traps are quite clearly derived from rolled leaves. The vascular tissues of "Sarracenia" is a case in point. The keel along the front of the trap contains a mixture of leftward- and rightward-facing vascular bundles, as would be predicted from the fusion of the edges of an adaxial (stem-facing) leaf surface. Flypapers also show a simple evolutionary gradient from sticky, non-carnivorous leaves, through passive flypapers to active forms. Molecular data show the "Dionaea"–"Aldrovanda" clade is closely related to "Drosera", but the traps are so dissimilar that the theory of their origin—very fast-moving flypapers became less reliant on glue—remains rather speculative.
There are over a quarter of a million species of flowering plants. Of these, only around 630 are known to be carnivorous. True carnivory has probably evolved independently at least six times; however, some of these "independent" groups probably descended from a recent common ancestor with a predisposition to carnivory. Some groups (the Ericales and Caryophyllales) seem particularly fertile ground for carnivorous preadaptation, although in the former case, this may be more to do with the ecology of the group than its morphology, as most of the members of this group grow in low-nutrient habitats such as heath and bog.
It has been suggested that all trap types are modifications of a similar basic structure—the hairy leaf. Hairy (or more specifically, stalked-glandular) leaves can catch and retain drops of rainwater, especially if shield-shaped or peltate, thus promoting bacteria growth. Insects land on the leaf, become mired by the surface tension of the water, and suffocate. Bacteria jumpstart decay, releasing from the corpse nutrients that the plant can absorb through its leaves. This foliar feeding can be observed in most non-carnivorous plants. Plants that were better at retaining insects or water therefore had a selective advantage. Rainwater can be retained by cupping the leaf, leading to pitfall traps. Alternatively, insects can be retained by making the leaf stickier by the production of mucilage, leading to flypaper traps.
The pitfall traps may have evolved simply by selection pressure for the production of more deeply cupped leaves, followed by "zipping up" of the margins and subsequent loss of most of the hairs, except at the bottom, where they help retain prey.
The lobster-pot traps of "Genlisea" are difficult to interpret. They may have developed from bifurcated pitchers that later specialised on ground-dwelling prey; or, perhaps, the prey-guiding protrusions of bladder traps became more substantial than the net-like funnel found in most aquatic bladderworts. Whatever their origin, the helical shape of the lobster pot is an adaptation that displays as much trapping surface as possible in all directions when buried in moss.
The traps of the bladderworts may have derived from pitchers that specialised in aquatic prey when flooded, like "Sarracenia psittacina" does today. Escaping prey in terrestrial pitchers have to climb or fly out of a trap, and both of these can be prevented by wax, gravity and narrow tubes. However, a flooded trap can be swum out of, so in "Utricularia", a one-way lid may have developed to form the door of a proto-bladder. Later, this may have become active by the evolution of a partial vacuum inside the bladder, tripped by prey brushing against trigger hairs on the door of the bladder.
Flypaper traps include the various true flypapers and the snap traps of "Aldrovanda" and "Dionaea". The production of sticky mucilage is found in many non-carnivorous genera, and the passive glue traps in "Byblis" and "Drosophyllum" could easily have evolved.
The active glue traps use rapid plant movements to trap their prey. Rapid plant movement can result from actual growth, or from rapid changes in cell turgor, which allow cells to expand or contract by quickly altering their water content. Slow-moving flypapers like "Pinguicula" exploit growth, but the Venus flytrap uses such rapid turgor changes that glue became unnecessary. The stalked glands that once made it and which are so evident in "Drosera" have become the teeth and trigger hairs—an example of natural selection hijacking preexisting structures for new functions.
Recent taxonomic analysis of the relationships within the Caryophyllales indicate that the Droseraceae, "Triphyophyllum", Nepenthaceae and "Drosophyllum", while closely related, are embedded within a larger clade that includes non-carnivorous groups such as the tamarisks, Ancistrocladaceae, Polygonaceae and Plumbaginaceae. Interestingly, the tamarisks possess specialised salt-excreting glands on their leaves, as do several of the Plumbaginaceae (such as the sea lavender, "Limonium"), which may have been co-opted for the excretion of other chemicals, such as proteases and mucilage. Some of the Plumbaginaceae ("e.g." "Ceratostigma") also have stalked, vascularised glands that secrete mucilage on their calyces and aid in seed dispersal and possibly in protecting the flowers from crawling parasitic insects. These are probably homologous with the tentacles of the carnivorous genera. Perhaps carnivory evolved from a protective function, rather than a nutritional one. The balsams (such as "Impatiens"), which are closely related to the Sarraceniaceae and "Roridula", similarly possess stalked glands.
The only traps that are unlikely to have descended from a hairy leaf or sepal are the carnivorous bromeliads ("Brocchinia" and "Catopsis"). These plants use the urn—a fundamental part of a bromeliad—for a new purpose and build on it by the production of wax and the other paraphernalia of carnivory.
Ecology and modelling of carnivory.
Carnivorous plants are widespread but rather rare. They are almost entirely restricted to habitats such as bogs, where soil nutrients are extremely limiting, but where sunlight and water are readily available. Only under such extreme conditions is carnivory favoured to an extent that makes the adaptations obvious.
The archetypal carnivore, the Venus flytrap, grows in soils with almost immeasurable nitrate and calcium levels. Plants need nitrogen for protein synthesis, calcium for cell wall stiffening, phosphate for nucleic acid synthesis, and iron for chlorophyll synthesis. The soil is often waterlogged, which favours the production of toxic ions such as ammonium, and its pH is an acidic 4 to 5. Ammonium can be used as a source of nitrogen by plants, but its high toxicity means that concentrations high enough to fertilise are also high enough to cause damage.
However, the habitat is warm, sunny, constantly moist, and the plant experiences relatively little competition from low growing "Sphagnum" moss. Still, carnivores are also found in very atypical habitats. "Drosophyllum lusitanicum" is found around desert edges and "Pinguicula valisneriifolia" on limestone (calcium-rich) cliffs.
In all the studied cases, carnivory allows plants to grow and reproduce using animals as a source of nitrogen, phosphorus and possibly potassium. However, there is a spectrum of dependency on animal prey. Pygmy sundews are unable to use nitrate from soil because they lack the necessary enzymes (nitrate reductase in particular). Common butterworts ("Pinguicula vulgaris") can use inorganic sources of nitrogen better than organic sources, but a mixture of both is preferred. European bladderworts seem to use both sources equally well. Animal prey makes up for differing deficiencies in soil nutrients.
Plants use their leaves to intercept sunlight. The energy is used to reduce carbon dioxide from the air with electrons from water to make sugars (and other biomass) and a waste product, oxygen, in the process of photosynthesis. Leaves also respire, in a similar way to animals, by burning their biomass to generate chemical energy. This energy is temporarily stored in the form of ATP (adenosine triphosphate), which acts as an energy currency for metabolism in all living things. As a waste product, respiration produces carbon dioxide.
For a plant to grow, it must photosynthesise more than it respires. Otherwise, it will eventually exhaust its biomass and die. The potential for plant growth is net photosynthesis, the total gross gain of biomass by photosynthesis, minus the biomass lost by respiration. Understanding carnivory requires a cost-benefit analysis of these factors.
In carnivorous plants, the leaf is not just used to photosynthesise, but also as a trap. Changing the leaf shape to make it a better trap generally makes it less efficient at photosynthesis. For example, pitchers have to be held upright, so that only their opercula directly intercept light. The plant also has to expend extra energy on non-photosynthetic structures like glands, hairs, glue and digestive enzymes. To produce such structures, the plant requires ATP and respires more of its biomass. Hence, a carnivorous plant will have both decreased photosynthesis and increased respiration, making the potential for growth small and the cost of carnivory high.
Being carnivorous allows the plant to grow better when the soil contains little nitrate or phosphate. In particular, an increased supply of nitrogen and phosphorus makes photosynthesis more efficient, because photosynthesis depends on the plant being able to synthesise very large amounts of the nitrogen-rich enzyme RuBisCO (ribulose-1,5-"bis"-phosphate carboxylase/oxygenase), the most abundant protein on Earth.
It is intuitively clear that the Venus flytrap is more carnivorous than "Triphyophyllum peltatum". The former is a full-time moving snap-trap; the latter is a part-time, non-moving flypaper. The energy "wasted" by the plant in building and fuelling its trap is a suitable measure of the carnivory of the trap.
Using this measure of investment in carnivory, a model can be proposed. Above is a graph of carbon dioxide uptake (potential for growth) against trap respiration (investment in carnivory) for a leaf in a sunny habitat containing no soil nutrients at all. Respiration is a straight line sloping down under the horizontal axis (respiration produces carbon dioxide). Gross photosynthesis is a curved line above the horizontal axis: as investment increases, so too does the photosynthesis of the trap, as the leaf receives a better supply of nitrogen and phosphorus. Eventually another factor (such as light intensity or carbon dioxide concentration) will become more limiting to photosynthesis than nitrogen or phosphorus supply. As a result, increasing the investment will not make the plant grow better. The net uptake of carbon dioxide, and therefore, the plant's potential for growth, must be positive for the plant to survive. There is a broad span of investment where this is the case, and there is also a non-zero optimum. Plants investing more or less than this optimum will take up less carbon dioxide than an optimal plant, and hence growing less well. These plants will be at a selective disadvantage. At zero investment the growth is zero, because a non-carnivorous plant cannot survive in a habitat with absolutely no soil-borne nutrients. Such habitats do not exist, so for example, "Sphagnum" absorbs the tiny amounts of nitrates and phosphates in rain very efficiently and also forms symbioses with diazotrophic cyanobacteria.
In a habitat with abundant soil nutrients but little light (as shown above), the gross photosynthesis curve will be lower and flatter, because light will be more limiting than nutrients. A plant can grow at zero investment in carnivory; this is also the "optimum" investment for a plant, as any investment in traps reduces net photosynthesis (growth) to less than the net photosynthesis of a plant that obtains its nutrients from soil alone.
Carnivorous plants exist between these two extremes: the less limiting light and water are, and the more limiting soil nutrients are, the higher the optimum investment in carnivory, and hence the more obvious the adaptations will be to the casual observer.
The most obvious evidence for this model is that carnivorous plants tend to grow in habitats where water and light are abundant and where competition is relatively low: the typical bog. Those that do not tend to be even more fastidious in some other way. "Drosophyllum lusitanicum" grows where there is little water, but it is even more extreme in its requirement for bright light and low disturbance than most other carnivores. "Pinguicula valisneriifolia" grows in soils with high levels of calcium but requires strong illumination and lower competition than many butterworts.
In general, carnivorous plants are poor competitors, because they invest too heavily in structures that have no selective advantage in nutrient-rich habitats. They succeed only where other plants fail. Carnivores are to nutrients what cacti are to water. Carnivory only pays off when the nutrient stress is high and where light is abundant. When these conditions are not met, some plants give up carnivory temporarily. "Sarracenia" spp. produce flat, non-carnivorous leaves (phyllodes) in winter. Light levels are lower than in summer, so light is more limiting than nutrients, and carnivory does not pay. The lack of insects in winter exacerbates the problem. Damage to growing pitcher leaves prevent them from forming proper pitchers, and again, the plant produces a phyllode instead.
Many other carnivores shut down in some seasons. Tuberous sundews die back to tubers in the dry season, bladderworts to turions in winter, and non-carnivorous leaves are made by most butterworts and "Cephalotus" in the less favourable seasons. "Utricularia macrorhiza" varies the number of bladders it produces based on the expected density of prey. Part-time carnivory in "Triphyophyllum peltatum" may be due to an unusually high need for potassium at a certain point in the life cycle, just before flowering.
The more carnivorous a plant is, the less conventional its habitat is likely to be. Venus flytraps live in a very specialised habitat, whereas less carnivorous plants ("Byblis", "Pinguicula") are found in less unusual habitats (i.e., those typical for non-carnivores). "Byblis" and "Drosophyllum" both come from relatively arid regions and are both passive flypapers, arguably the lowest maintenance form of trap. Venus flytraps filter their prey using the teeth around the trap's edge, so as not to waste energy on hard-to-digest prey. In evolution, laziness pays, because energy can be used for reproduction, and short-term benefits in reproduction will outweigh long-term benefits in anything else.
Carnivory rarely pays, so even carnivorous plants avoid it when there is too little light or an easier source of nutrients, and they use as few carnivorous features as are required at a given time or for a given prey item. There are very few habitats stressful enough to make investing biomass and energy in trigger hairs and enzymes worthwhile. Many plants occasionally benefit from animal protein rotting on their leaves, but carnivory that is obvious enough for the casual observer to notice is rare.
Bromeliads seem very well preadapted to carnivory, but only one or two species can be classified as truly carnivorous. By their very shape, bromeliads will benefit from increased prey-derived nutrient input. In this sense, bromeliads are probably carnivorous, but their habitats are too dark for more extreme, recognisable carnivory to evolve. Most bromeliads are epiphytes, and most epiphytes grow in partial shade on tree branches. "Brocchinia reducta", on the other hand, is a ground dweller.
Many carnivorous plants are not strongly competitive and rely on circumstances to suppress dominating vegetation. Accordingly, some of them rely on fire ecology for their continued survival.
For the most part carnivorous plant populations are not dominant enough to be dramatically significant, ecologically speaking, but there is an impressive variety of organisms that interact with various carnivorous plants in sundry relationships of kleptoparasitism, commensalism, and mutualism. For example, small insectivores such as tree frogs often exploit the supply of prey to be found in pitcher plants, and the frog "Microhyla nepenthicola" actually specialises in such habitats. Certain crab spiders such as "Misumenops nepenthicola" live largely on the prey of "Nepenthes", and other, less specialised, spiders may build webs where they trap insects attracted by the smell or appearance of the traps; some scavengers, detritivores, and also organisms that harvest or exploit those in turn, such as the mosquito "Wyeomyia smithii" are largely or totally dependent on particular carnivorous plants. Plants such as "Roridula" species combine with specialised bugs ("Pameridea roridulae") in benefiting from insects trapped on their leaves.
Associations with species of pitcher plants are so many and varied that the study of "Nepenthes" infauna is something of a discipline in its own right. "Camponotus schmitzi", the diving ant, has an intimate degree of mutualism with the pitcher plant "Nepenthes bicalcarata"; it not only retrieves prey and detritus from beneath the surface of the liquid in the pitchers, but repels herbivores, and cleans the pitcher peristome, maintaining its slippery nature. The ants have been reported to attack struggling prey, hindering their escape, so there might be an element of myrmecotrophy to the relationship. Numerous species of mosquitoes lay their eggs in the liquid, where their larvae play various roles, depending on species; some eat microbes and detritus, as is common among mosquito larvae, whereas some species of "Toxorhynchites" also breed in pitchers, and their larvae are predators of other species of mosquito larvae. Apart from the crab spiders on pitchers, an actual small, red crab "Geosesarma malayanum" will enter the fluid, robbing and scavenging, though reputedly it does so at some risk of being captured and digested itself.
"Nepenthes rajah" has a remarkable mutualism with two unrelated small mammals, the tree shrew "Tupaia montana" and the Summit Rat, "Rattus baluensis". The tree shrews and the rats defecate into the plant's traps while visiting them to feed on sweet, fruity secretions from glands on the pitcher lids. The tree shrew also has a similar relationship with at least two other giant species of "Nepenthes". More subtly, Hardwicke's Woolly Bat ("Kerivoula hardwickii"), a small species, roosts beneath the operculum (lid) of "Nepenthes hemsleyana". The bat's excretions that land in the pitcher pay for the shelter, as it were. To the plant the excreta are more readily assimilable than intact insects would be.
There also is a considerable list of "Nepenthes" endophytes; these are microbes other than pathogens that live in the tissues of pitcher plants, often apparently harmlessly.
Classification.
The classification of all flowering plants is currently in a state of flux. In the Cronquist system, the Droseraceae and Nepenthaceae were placed in the order Nepenthales, based on the radial symmetry of their flowers and their possession of insect traps. The Sarraceniaceae was placed either in the Nepenthales, or in its own order, the Sarraceniales. The Byblidaceae, Cephalotaceae, and Roridulaceae were placed in the Saxifragales; and the Lentibulariaceae in the Scrophulariales (now subsumed into the Lamiales).
In more modern classification, such as that of the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group, the families have been retained, but they have been redistributed amongst several disparate orders. It is also recommended that "Drosophyllum" be considered in a monotypic family outside the rest of the Droseraceae, probably more closely allied to the Dioncophyllaceae. The current recommendations are shown below (only carnivorous genera are listed):
Cultivation.
Although different species of carnivorous plants have different requirements in terms of sunlight, humidity, soil moisture, etc., there are commonalities.
Most carnivorous plants require rainwater, or water that has been distilled, deionised by reverse osmosis, or acidified to around pH 6.5 using sulfuric acid.
Common tap or drinking water contains minerals (particularly calcium salts) that will quickly build up and kill the plant. This is because most carnivorous plants have evolved in nutrient-poor, acidic soils and are consequently extreme calcifuges. They are therefore very sensitive to excessive soil-borne nutrients. Since most of these plants are found in bogs, almost all are very intolerant of drying. There are exceptions:
tuberous sundews require a dry (summer) dormancy period, and "Drosophyllum" requires much drier conditions than most.
Outdoor-grown carnivorous plants generally catch more than enough insects to keep themselves properly fed. Insects may be fed to the plants by hand to supplement their diet; however, carnivorous plants are generally unable to digest large non-insect food items; bits of hamburger, for example, will simply rot, and this may cause the trap, or even the whole plant, to die.
A carnivorous plant that catches no insects at all will rarely die, although its growth may be impaired. In general, these plants are best left to their own devices: after underwatering with tap-water, the most common cause of Venus flytrap death is prodding the traps to watch them close and feeding them inappropriate items.
Most carnivorous plants require bright light, and most will look better under such conditions, as this encourages them to synthesise red and purple anthocyanin pigments. "Nepenthes" and "Pinguicula" will do better out of full sun, but most other species are happy in direct sunlight.
Carnivores mostly live in bogs, and those that do not are generally tropical. Hence, most require high humidity. On a small scale, this can be achieved by placing the plant in a wide saucer containing pebbles that are kept permanently wet. Small "Nepenthes" species grow well in large terraria.
Many carnivores are native to cold temperate regions and can be grown outside in a bog garden year-round. Most "Sarracenia" can tolerate temperatures well below freezing, despite most species being native to the southeastern United States. Species of "Drosera" and "Pinguicula" also tolerate subfreezing temperatures. "Nepenthes" species, which are tropical, require temperatures from 20 to 30 °C to thrive.
Carnivorous plants require appropriate nutrient-poor soil. Most appreciate a 3:1 mixture of "Sphagnum" peat to sharp horticultural sand (coir is an acceptable, and more ecofriendly substitute for peat). "Nepenthes" will grow in orchid compost or in pure "Sphagnum" moss.
Ironically, carnivorous plants are themselves susceptible to infestation by parasites such as aphids or mealybugs. Although small infestations can be removed by hand, larger infestations necessitate use of an insecticide.
Isopropyl alcohol (rubbing alcohol) is effective as a topical insecticide, particularly on scale insects. Diazinon is an excellent systemic insecticide that is tolerated by most carnivorous plants. Malathion and Acephate (Orthene) have also been reported as tolerable by carnivorous plants.
Although insects can be a problem, by far the biggest killer of carnivorous plants (besides human maltreatment) is grey mold ("Botrytis cinerea"). This thrives under warm, humid conditions and can be a real problem in winter. To some extent, temperate carnivorous plants can be protected from this pathogen by ensuring that they are kept cool and well ventilated in winter and that any dead leaves are removed promptly. If this fails, a fungicide is in order.
The easiest carnivorous plants for beginners are those from the cool temperate zone. These plants will do well under cool greenhouse conditions (minimum 5 °C in winter, maximum 25 °C in summer) if kept in wide trays of acidified or rain water during summer and kept moist during winter:
Venus flytraps will do well under these conditions but are actually rather difficult to grow: even if treated well, they will often succumb to grey mould in winter unless well ventilated. Some of the lowland "Nepenthes" are very easy to grow as long as they are provided with relatively constant, hot and humid conditions.
Medicinal uses.
A study published in 2009 by researchers from Tel Aviv University indicates that secretions produced by carnivorous plants contain compounds that have anti-fungal properties and may lead to the development of a new class of anti-fungal drugs that will be effective against infections that are resistant to current anti-fungal drugs.
Cultural depictions.
Carnivorous plants have long been the subject of popular interest and exposition, much of it highly inaccurate. Fictional plants have been featured in a number of books, movies, television series, and video games. Typically, these fictional depictions include exaggerated characteristics, such as enormous size or possession of abilities beyond the realm of reality, and can be viewed as a kind of artistic license. Two of the most famous examples of fictional carnivorous plants in popular culture are the 1960s black comedy "The Little Shop of Horrors" and the triffids of John Wyndham's "The Day of the Triffids". Other movies, such as "The Hellstrom Chronicle" (1971), and television series utilize accurate depictions of carnivorous plants for cinematic purposes.
The earliest known depiction of carnivorous plants in popular culture was a case wherein a large man-eating tree was reported to have consumed a young woman in Madagascar in 1878, as witnessed by Dr. Carl Liche. Liche reported the events in the "South Australian Register" in 1881. The woman, pictured in an accompanying artwork, was supposed to have been a member of the Mkodos, a "little known but cruel tribe". The account has been debunked as pure myth as it appears Dr. Liche, the Mkodos, and the tree were all fabrications.

</doc>
<doc id="18952743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952743" title="Native American Church">
Native American Church

The Native American Church (NAC) is an indigenous religion that uses the entheogen peyote ("Lophophora williamsii") sacramentally to induce religious, shamanic, or spiritual experiences. Peyotism, or the Peyote Religion, originated in the U.S. state of Oklahoma and is the most widespread indigenous religion among Native Americans in the United States.
History of the peyote religion.
Peyote was used in the territory of modern Mexico in pre-Columbian times to commune with the spirit world and also as a medicine. From the mid-15th century, the use of peyote spread to the Great Plains area of the United States primarily through the efforts of the Apache, Navajo, Plains Tribes, and various tribes in the western United States. Peyotism is now practiced in more than 50 Native American tribes and has around 250,000 adherents.
Peyotist's beliefs vary considerably from tribe to tribe and NAC chapter to chapter. Half moon fireplaces usually have the biggest variety of varied religious beliefs, while Cross fire fireplaces primarily have Christian members in their chapters. This does not take in to account tribal entities supporting one another despite not being affiliated with Half moon or Cross fire fireplaces and vice versa. 
Native American Church ceremonies have a form and structure that is adhered to as closely as possible. Like other traditional indigenous ways of life, fireplaces are passed down generation to generation from tribal entity to tribal entity. They are adhered to, with little variation, because they want to retain the structure to pass down to the next generation of family and relatives.
Conflict arises within the peyote communities across the county because non-Native American and non-tribal affiliated chapters decide to diverge from traditional structure and change aspects of the ceremony at will. While some tribes find it acceptable to do so, a majority do not and feel it is disrespectful to peyote and to this way of life. Also, racial politics i.e. whether Non Natives can participate in peyote ceremonies, is a highly contentious issue that has been at the forefront of the peyote community for a long time. Looking at two current, major NAC chapters in this country showcases this interesting dichotomy: the Native American Church of the United States, the original umbrella incorporated church birthed in 1918 from which many other chapters are tied to, allows Non Natives to participate, in regulation with State law. On the other hand, the Native American Church of North America, incorporated much later in the 1950s, only allows Native Americans with a 1/4 Indian blood quantum and CIB certificate to participate (Omer Stewart - Peyote Religion).
For some chapters of the Native American Church, the peyote ritual begins at sundown on a Saturday and continues through the night. The ritual includes prayer, the eating of peyote, peyote songs, water rituals, and contemplation. It ends with breakfast Sunday morning. The peyote ritual is believed to allow communion with Holy deity or spirits, and to give power, authority, guidance, and healing. The healing may be emotional or physical, or both.
Those church members who feel that they need structure believe that the communal ingestion of peyote and the ceremony of the church meeting help participants get into a proper relationship with each other and with the Holy deity or spirits. In turn, they believe, this leads to an ability to live a good day-to-day life. A good life is considered to be one that is kind and responsible, and embodies harmony.
United States law.
Federal law.
As a result of the U.S. Supreme Court decision in "Employment Division, Department of Human Resources of Oregon v. Smith", 494 U.S. 872 (1990), which, among other things, put the legal use of peyote by American Indians into uncertainty and potential legal jeopardy, Congress passed an amendment to the American Indian Religious Freedom Act of 1978 (), i.e., the American Indian Religious Freedom Act Amendments of 1994 (), pertinent excerpts of which are given below:
State law.
Currently, laws regulating peyote use by Native American Church members vary by state.
Native American Church movement.
Quanah Parker, along with other prominent roadmen, was influential in the adoption of the Native American Church by tribal entities in the United States. Even though historically ceremonies are much older, the NAC movement started generally in the 1880s, and was formally incorporated in 1918 in Oklahoma. Parker became aware of the healing capabilites of peyote after being gored by a bull in South Laredo, Texas and surviving the attack with the help of peyote. Parker was given strong peyote tea by a curandera(the tribal affiliation, whether of Mexican Indian or Native American descent, is currently unknown) who healed him and showed him how to properly pray with peyote. Therefore, the genesis of modern NAC ceremonies have deep roots in both Mexican and Native American culture and ritual, due to the natural locality of peyote and the dissemination by Parker to the Comanche and other plains tribes located in Indian Territory.
Though there are many variations, the main two ceremonial styles of the NAC are the "half moon" fireplace and the "cross fire" fireplace. Parker learned the "half-moon" style of the peyote ceremony from the Lipan Apache leader Chiwat. The Lipan Apache learned the ceremony from the Carrizo/Comecrudo tribe of Southern Texas (Peyote Religion by Omer Stewart). The "half moon" fireplace hallmarks include the use of tobacco throughout, and very little to no use of the bible in the ceremony. This does vary tribe to tribe. The "cross fire" ceremony (originally called the "Big Moon" ceremony) became prevalent in Oklahoma (initially among the Kiowa) due to the influence of John Wilson, a Caddo man who traveled extensively around the same time as Parker during the early days of the Native American Church movement. The "cross fire" ceremony has elements that separate it strongly from the Half Moon. Usually, there is no tobacco used in the meeting and the use of the bible is used extensively. Therefore, it is a merger of both indigenous ritual and Christian doctrine and belief.
Peyoteros of South Texas.
The peyote religion evolved an elaborate trade network which has persisted since pre-Columbian times, in South Texas, with designated harvesters of the peyote in Rio Grande City, Texas, and Mirando City, Texas. The Peyoteros are a group of closely knit families of Mexican ancestry who have harvested peyote for Native Americans since the early 18th century. The modern peyoteros still harvest peyote in the same manner as their ancestors, with a machete and a very small work crew of young and sometimes old men. Peyote is harvested and dried after the crowns of the plants are removed at ground level; cut at an angle, to allow water to run off. The peyoteros never dig up peyote, but rather cut the tops of the cactus crowns at ground level with a machete. Peyote plants create large taproots with an extensive root system, and the plants slowly regenerate new heads after harvest, often producing a much larger plant after several years of regrowth. Currently, peyote is being over-harvested, seriously endangering the existence of the local populations of peyote. There are three licensed peyoteros left in Texas due to over-harvesting, illegal poaching, and strict licensing and tax regulations by the Texas Department of Public Safety and the U.S. Federal government. Two peyoteros in South Texas are Mauro Morales of Rio Grande City, Texas, and Salvador Johnson of Mirando City, Texas. 
Native American are permitted to purchase peyote to supply the Native American Church both in person and via US Mails "Restricted Delivery" procedures. Special ceremonies are performed with the harvested and dried peyote medicine in order to bless it for use as a sacrament for Native American Church rituals and ceremonies.
All three of the peyoteros are licensed by the United States Drug Enforcement Administration and operate under DEA 225 permits. Peyoteros are also required to be registered with the State of Texas Department of Public Safety, for a fee over $1,200 per year. Legitimate Native American Church branches are required to register with the Texas Department of Public Safety in order to purchase, harvest, transport, or cultivate peyote. Non-Native American churches not affiliated with federally-recognized tribal entities are not eligible for registration with the Texas Department of Public Safety at this time.
Instruments.
Native American Church instruments used in the peyote ceremony are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18952744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952744" title="Pungo Andongo">
Pungo Andongo

The Black Rocks at Pungo Andongo ("Pedras Negras de Pungo Andongo") are found some 116 km from the provincial capital of Malanje in Angola. They are a series of mysterious rock formations, many incredibly and spectacular shaped in the form of animals, standing high above the flat African Savanna.
There is a fort erected by the Portuguese in 1671. The region is noted for its 350-foot- (107-metre-) high Calandula waterfalls on the Lucala River; the Luando Game Reserve in the south; the Milando animal reserve in the north; and the Pungo Andongo stones, giant black monoliths associated with tribal legend. Most of the region’s inhabitants are members of the Mbundu peoples. The chief economic activities are stock raising.
We can find Ana de Sousa Nzinga Mbande footprint on the rock, the history proves that the Angolan queen Nzinga of Ndongo and Matamba is a local. The Ginga still live as an independent people to the north of this their ancient country. The water is remarkably pure, the soil is light. Access to these areas remains difficult, because the going is torturously slow on the decreipt roads, lined with idle shells of abandoned houses - the country's infrastructure really has yet to be rebuilt. Many roads are only passable by four-wheel drive vehicles - or long hours of travel by foot. In these parts, one hundred kilometers can be a four-hour trek, even with the best of jeeps.

</doc>
<doc id="18952748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952748" title="Cuticle">
Cuticle

A cuticle , or cuticula, is a term used for any of a variety of tough but flexible, non-mineral outer coverings of an organism, or parts of an organism, that provide protection. Various types of "cuticle" are non-homologous, differing in their origin, structure, function, and chemical composition.
Human anatomy.
In human anatomy, cuticle (sometimes confused with eponychium) refers to several structures. It refers to the layers of epidermal cells or keratinocytes that produce the horn protein keratin, and also to the superficial layer of overlapping cells covering the hair shaft (cuticula pili) that locks the hair into its follicle (See also Cuticle (hair)).
Invertebrate zoology.
In zoology, the invertebrate cuticle or cuticula is a multi-layered structure outside the epidermis of many invertebrates, notably roundworms and arthropods, in which it forms an exoskeleton (see arthropod exoskeleton).
The main structural components of the nematode cuticle are proteins, highly cross-linked collagens and specialised insoluble proteins known as "cuticlins", together with glycoproteins and lipids.
The main structural component of arthropod cuticle is chitin, a polysaccharide composed of "N"-acetylglucosamine units, together with proteins, lipids, and catecholamines The proteins and chitin are cross-linked by catecholamines such as "N"-acetyldopamine, contributing to their rigidity. The rigidity is a function of the types of proteins and the quantity of chitin and catecholamines. The more acidic the protein is, the softer the cuticle. It is believed that the epidermal cells and hemocytes (cells in the hemolymph) produce protein and also monitors the timing and amount of protein to be incorporated into the cuticle.
Botany.
In botany, plant cuticles are protective, hydrophobic, waxy coverings produced by the epidermal cells of leaves, young shoots and all other aerial plant organs. Cuticles minimize water loss and effectively reduce pathogen entry due to their waxy secretion.
The main structural components of plant cuticles are the unique polymers cutin and/or cutan, impregnated with wax.
The cuticles of plants function as permeability barriers for water and water-soluble materials. The cuticle both prevents plant surfaces from becoming wet and helps to prevent plants from drying out. Xerophytic plants such as cactus have very thick cuticles to help them survive in their arid climates. Plants that live in range of sea's spray also may have thicker cuticles that protect them from the toxic effects of salt.
Some plants, particularly those adapted to life in damp or aquatic environments, have an extreme resistance to wetting. A well-known example is the Sacred Lotus. This adaptation is not purely the physical and chemical effect of a waxy coating, however; it depends largely on the microscopic shape of the surface. When a hydrophobic surface is sculpted into microscopic, regular, elevated areas, sometimes in fractal patterns, too high and too closely spaced for the surface tension of the liquid to permit any flow into the space between the plateaus, then the area of contact between liquid and solid surfaces may be reduced to less than a tenth of what a continuous surface might permit. The effect is to reduce wetting of the surface substantially.
Mycology.
"Cuticle" is one term used for the outer layer of tissue of a mushroom's basidiocarp or "fruit body". The alternative term "pileipellis", Latin for "skin" of a "cap" (meaning "mushroom") might be technically preferable, but is perhaps too cumbersome for popular use. It is the part removed in "peeling" mushrooms. On the other hand, some morphological terminology in mycology makes finer distinctions, such as described in the article on the "pileipellis". Be that as it may, the pileipellis (or "peel") is distinct from the trama, the inner fleshy tissue of a mushroom or similar fruiting body, and also from the spore-bearing tissue layer, the hymenium.

</doc>
<doc id="18952750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952750" title="Lady finger">
Lady finger

Lady finger, ladyfinger, or lady's finger may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18952752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952752" title="Vincent Bevan">
Vincent Bevan

Vincent David Bevan (b. 24 December 1921 - 26 May 1996 in Wellington) is a former New Zealand rugby union player. He played 6 tests and 25 matches for the All Blacks at Halfback. Bevan was born on in Wellington and died in Wellington.

</doc>
<doc id="18952756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952756" title="Gambissara Forest Park">
Gambissara Forest Park

Gambissara Forest Park is a forest park in the Gambia. Established on January 1, 1954, it covers 308 hectares.

</doc>
<doc id="18952765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952765" title="Succulent plant">
Succulent plant

In botany, succulent plants, also known as succulents or sometimes fat plants, are plants having some parts that are more than normally thickened and fleshy, usually to retain water in arid climates or soil conditions. Succulent plants may store water in various structures, such as leaves and stems. Some definitions also include roots, so that geophytes that survive unfavorable periods by dying back to underground storage organs may be regarded as succulents. In horticultural use, the term "succulent" is often used in a way which excludes plants that botanists would regard as succulents, such as cacti. Succulents are grown as ornamental plants because of their striking and unusual appearance.
Definition.
There are a number of somewhat different definitions of the term "succulent". One difference lies in whether or not roots are included in the parts of a plant which make it a succulent. Some authors include roots, as in the definition "plants in which the leaves, stem or roots have become more than usually fleshy by the development of water-storing tissue." Others exclude roots, as in the definition "a plant with thick, fleshy and swollen stems and/or leaves, adapted to dry environments". This difference affects the relationship between succulents and "geophytes" – plants that survive unfavorable seasons as a resting bud on an underground organ. These underground organs, such as bulbs, corms and tubers, are often fleshy with water-storing tissues. Thus if roots are included in the definition, many geophytes would be classed as succulents.
Plants adapted to living in dry environments are termed "xerophytes"; thus succulents are often xerophytes. However, not all xerophytes are succulents, since there are other ways of adapting to a shortage of water, e.g. by developing small leaves which may roll up or having leathery rather than succulent leaves. Nor are all succulents xerophytes, since plants like "Crassula helmsii" are both succulent and aquatic.
Those who grow succulents as a hobby use the term in a different way to botanists. In horticultural use, the term "succulent" regularly excludes cacti. For example, Jacobsen's three volume "Handbook of Succulent Plants" does not cover cacti, and "cacti and succulents" is the title or part of the title of many books covering the cultivation of these plants. However, in botanical terminology, cacti are succulents. Horticulturists may also exclude other groups of plants, e.g. bromeliads. A practical, but unscientific, horticultural definition is "a succulent plant is any desert plant that a succulent plant collector wishes to grow". Such plants less often include geophytes (in which the swollen storage organ is wholly underground) but do include plants with a caudex, which is a swollen above-ground organ at soil level, formed from a stem, a root or both.
A further difficulty is that plants are not either "succulent" or "non-succulent". In many genera and families there is a continuous sequence from plants with thin leaves and normal stems to those with very clearly thickened and fleshy leaves or stems, so that deciding what is a succulent is often arbitrary. Different sources may classify the same plant differently.
Appearance.
The storage of water often gives succulent plants a more swollen or fleshy appearance than other plants, a characteristic known as succulence. In addition to succulence, succulent plants variously have other water-saving features. These may include:
Habitat.
Many succulents come from the dry areas of the tropics and subtropics, such as steppes, semi-desert, and desert. High temperatures and low precipitation force plants to collect and store water to survive long dry periods. Succulents may occasionally occur as epiphytes - "air plants" - as they have limited or no contact with the ground, and are dependent on their ability to store water and gain nutrients by other means; this niche is seen in "Tillandsia". Succulents also occur as inhabitants of sea coasts and dry lakes, which are exposed to high levels of dissolved minerals that are deadly to many other plant species.
Evolution.
The best-known succulents are cacti (family: Cactaceae). Virtually all cacti are succulents, but not all succulents are cacti. A unique feature of cacti is the possession of areoles, structures from which spines and flowers are produced.
To differentiate between these two basic types that seem so similar, but that are unrelated succulent plants, use of the terms, "cactus" or "cacti", only should be used to describe succulents in the cactus family. Popular collection of these types of plants has led to many Old World plants becoming established in the wild in the New World, and vice versa.
Families and genera.
Plant families and genera in which succulent species occur are listed below.
Order Alismatales
Order Apiales
Order Asparagales 
Order Asterales
Order Brassicales
Order Caryophyllales
Order Commelinales
Order Cornales
Order Cucurbitales
Order Diascoreales
Order Ericales
Order Fabales
Order Gentianales
'"Order Geraniales
Order Lamiales
Order Malpighiales
Order Malvales
Order Myrtales
Order Oxalidales
Order Piperales
Order Poales
Order Ranunculales
Order Rosales
Order Santalales
Order Sapindales
Order Saxifragales
Order Solanales
Order Vitales
Order Zygophyllales
(unplaced order)* Boraginaceae: "Heliotropium"
For some families and subfamilies, most members are succulent; for example the Cactaceae, Agavoideae, Aizoaceae, and Crassulaceae.
The table below shows the number of succulent species found in some families:

</doc>
<doc id="18952775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952775" title="Belle Isle State Park (Michigan)">
Belle Isle State Park (Michigan)

Belle Isle, officially Belle Isle Park as of November 12, 2013, is a island park in the Detroit River, between the United States mainland and Canada, managed by the State of Michigan as a state park. It is connected to the rest of Detroit, Michigan by the MacArthur Bridge. Prior to its transfer to the State in late 2013, it was the largest city-owned island city park in the United States and the third largest island in the Detroit River after Grosse Ile and Fighting Island.
It is home to the Belle Isle Aquarium, the Belle Isle Conservatory, the Detroit Yacht Club on an adjacent island, the Detroit Boat Club, the James Scott Memorial Fountain, the Dossin Great Lakes Museum, a Coast Guard station, and a municipal golf facility. The city had maintained a Nature Center where visitors were able to traverse wooded trails and view wildlife natural habitats. The island includes a half-mile (800 m) swimming beach.
History.
The island was settled by French colonists in the 18th century, who named it "Île aux Cochons" (Hog Island). The Island was once the estate of General Alexander Macomb, Jr., whose monument stands in the Washington Boulevard Historic District. In 1845 it was given its present name, which may honor Henry Bélisle, a physician in the party of Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac, who founded Fort Pontchartrain in 1701. Belle Isle literally means "beautiful island" in French.
A design for the island was created in the 1880s by Frederick Law Olmsted, a prominent urban park designer; only some elements of his design were carried out. The 1908 Belle Isle Casino building is not an actual gambling facility but rather, is used for occasional public events. A highlight of Belle Isle is a beautiful botanical garden and the Belle Isle Conservatory (1904). Both the conservatory and the adjacent aquarium were designed by Detroit architect Albert Kahn, who designed city landmarks such as Cadillac Place and the Ford Rouge Factory.
On a fateful night in 1910 Byron Carter of Cartercar stopped to help a stranded motorist on Belle Isle. When he cranked her Cadillac, it kicked back and broke his jaw. Complications from the injury turned into pneumonia and he died. The tragedy motivated Henry Leland ("The Cadillac car will kill no more men if we can help it.") to hire Charles Kettering of Delco. The result was the electric self-starter, soon to be standard on all automobiles.
The island park served as a staging ground by the U.S. military during World War II for a re-enactment of a Pacific island invasion by the Navy and Marine Corps. The island was temporarily renamed Bella Jima, and Detroiters were treated to the sight of an island invasion without the bloodshed. It was conducted after the invasion of Iwo Jima.
Architect Cass Gilbert designed Belle Isle's "James Scott Memorial Fountain". Gilbert's other works include the United States Supreme Court Building in Washington, DC. William Livingstone Memorial Light, the only marble lighthouse in the United States, is on the east end of the island, with sumptuous materials and architecture. It was named for the president of the "Lakes Carriers Association" who advocated safety and navigational improvements in Great Lakes shipping. Additional recreational options include a nature center, wheelchair accessible nature trail, fishing piers, playgrounds, picnic shelters, and handball, tennis and basketball courts, baseball fields, and even a cricket pitch.
There was a canoe concession (which provided rental canoes and stored private ones) and a band shell, and canoe riders often stopped nearby to enjoy the concert. Concerts occurred at the Remick Band Shell from 1950 to 1980. The band shell replaced an earlier facility and provided more amenities for performers and audience members. It was constructed at a cost of $150,000 and was named for resident Jerome H. Remick, who owned the world's largest music publishing house at the time.
Nicholas Kerschen and his family, immigrants from Luxembourg, operated a farm on Belle Isle from 1895 until the early 1900s according to Kerschen family history.
The Detroit Boat Club moved to the island in 1902 but the marina and building is currently closed and only rowing activities still occur at that location. The Belle Isle Golf Course opened in 1922. The Detroit Yacht Club building dates to 1923 and still houses an active private sailing club also offers swimming and other country club amenities. The Scott Fountain was finished in 1925. The Activities Building was the site of a restaurant. The Flynn Pavilion (1949) was designed by Eero Saarinen and used for ice skating rental. A ferry service to the island existed from 1840–1957, although the bridge was completed to the island in 1923. Riding stables were housed in an 1863 market building that was relocated from Detroit to the island in the 1890s. The building was disassembled and stored by Greenfield Village in the 2000s. The park headquarters and police station are each located in 1860s houses.
The island was home to a large herd of European fallow deer for more than 50 years. However, this isolated population fell prey to disease at the close of the 20th century. The children's zoo on the island and the aquarium closed due to budget constraints. The Belle Isle Aquarium reopened on August 18, 2012 and is now run entirely by volunteers. It had originally opened on August 18, 1904 and was the oldest continually operating public aquarium in North America when it closed on April 3, 2005. The aquarium was operated by the Detroit Zoological Society prior to the 2005 closure. It is currently operated by the Belle Isle Conservancy. The 10,000-square-foot (930 m2) historic building features a single large gallery with an arched ceiling covered in green glass tile to evoke an underwater feeling. In 2004, the last of the 300 animals were captured and moved to the zoo and nature center properties.
As part of the overall process where a State Emergency Manager was appointed by the State of Michigan to oversee the City of Detroit's finances in March 2013—along with the City's bankruptcy later in the year—the State proposed taking over Belle Isle Park from the City and converting it into a state park. Michigan Governor Rick Snyder signed a lease on October 1, 2013 to lease the park from the City for 30 years, while the City Council rejected that offer in mid-October, proposing for a 10-year lease instead. Having to choose one of the proposals, the Michigan Emergency Loan Board opted for the State's 30-year proposal on November 12, 2013. It set a 90-day transition period beginning on December 1 to turn the park operations over to the State. While under City operation, no admission fees were charged to users for admittance into the park. As a state park, however, admittance to Belle Isle State Park will reportedly require a user to either pay the standard state park user entrance fees or to have a Michigan Recreational Passport sticker on their license plate.
Auto racing.
In 1992, a temporary street race circuit was constructed on the isle for CART races. The island hosted ten events at Belle Isle from 1992–2001, and racing resumed in 2007 as part of the IndyCar Series and American Le Mans Series.
On December 18, 2008, the scheduled race for 2009 was canceled. The automotive economic crisis, and its impact on the Detroit-area was the primary reason. Roger Penske did not rule out a return in the future.
On September 20, 2011, race organizers gained approval from Detroit City Council to use the updated track and support area on Belle Isle. On October 11, 2011, it was announced that the race will return starting in 2012. The race weekend will feature IndyCar as well as Grand-Am Rolex Series and Pirelli World Challenge races.
Music.
It was announced that Belle Isle would be the site of heavy metal band Metallica's 2013 Orion Music + More Festival. On Dec. 26, 2012, Detroit Councilman Ken Cockrel Jr. confirmed rumors that the city is in the process of confirming 2014 and 2015 as well to take place at Belle Isle. The 2013 Orion Contract Guarantees $100,000.00 in revenue.
Soccer.
Belle Isle was home to the Detroit Futbol League, but games are now held at the Fort Wayne grounds due to field conditions at Belle Isle.
Statistics.
At , Belle Isle Park was the largest city island park (prior to its transfer to the State of Michigan as a state park) and is larger than Central Park in New York City, also designed by Olmsted. Although Belle Isle was the largest island park, it is not the largest island near a major city. Key Biscayne Island adjoining Miami, Florida has Crandon Park with about and the Bill Baggs Cape Florida State Park with and the island includes the residential village of Key Biscayne.
Detroit's River Rouge Park is . Prior to Belle Isle becoming a state park, the City's Parks and Recreation Department managed of parks (now approximately ). The Huron-Clinton Metroparks authority manages of parks and beaches; however, this does not include all parks in the area. There are thousands of additional acres of .
Belle Isle Conservatory.
The Belle Isle Conservatory (1904) is a greenhouse and botanical garden. Located three miles (4.8 km) east of the city's downtown, on Belle Isle, it covers . The conservatory is open to the public free of charge Monday through Friday 9am-3pm. (Check Belle Isle Conservancy for any changes.)
The Belle Isle Conservatory was built in 1904, designed by noted architect Albert Kahn, and rebuilt 1952-1954 with aluminum replacing its original wooden beams. In 1953 it was named in honor of Anna Scripps Whitcomb, who left her 600-plant orchid collection to the city. Thanks to her gift and subsequent donations, the conservatory is now home to one of the largest municipally-owned orchid collections in the United States. Rare orchids were saved from Great Britain during the World War II bombing and transported to the Anna Scripps Whitcomb Conservatory. Due to a lack of maintenance and budget cuts in recent years, the vast majority of orchids have now died.
The conservatory site contains formal perennial gardens, annual flower beds, a rose garden, and lily pond garden. The conservatory itself covers more than an acre, features an imposing central dome 85 feet (26 m) high (with a total volume of 100,600 cubic feet), and is organized as a palm house in the dome, the north and south wings, and a show house. The south wing contains tropical plants of economic importance such as bananas, oranges, coffee, sugar cane, and orchids. The north wing hosts the extensive collections of ferns, cacti and succulents. The show house, remodeled 1980-1981, features a continuous display of blooming plants.
Dossin Great Lakes Museum.
The Dossin Great Lakes Museum is a maritime museum. Located on The Strand on Belle Isle Park, this museum places special interest on Detroit's role on national and regional maritime history. The museum features exhibits such as one of the largest collection of model ships in the world, and the bow anchor of the legendary SS Edmund Fitzgerald.

</doc>
<doc id="18952779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952779" title="Spaser">
Spaser

Spaser is a phenomenon that was first described by Bergman and Stockman in 2003. The name is an acronym for "surface plasmon amplification by stimulated emission of radiation". The first such device was announced in August 2009, a 44-nanometer-diameter nanoparticle with a gold core surrounded by a dyed silica gain medium, created by researchers from Purdue, Norfolk State and Cornell universities. 
The spaser is a proposed nanoscale source of optical fields that is being investigated in a number of leading laboratories around the world. If realized, spasers could find a wide range of applications, including nanoscale lithography, probing and microscopy.
From "Nature Photonics":
Study of the quantum mechanical model of the spaser suggests that it should be possible to manufacture a spasing device analogous in function to the MOSFET transistor, but this has not yet been experimentally verified.

</doc>
<doc id="18952783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18952783" title="Sam Ranby">
Sam Ranby

Samuel "Sam" Ranby (29 October 1897 – 20 January 1958) was an English footballer.
Ranby played for Gilberdyke, Hull City, Reckitt's, Selby Town and York City.

</doc>
