<doc id="18884446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884446" title="Steve Free">
Steve Free

Steve Free is an award-winning Appalachian musician. He was born in Portsmouth, Ohio on September 16, 1950 and is of part Shawnee heritage.
Early career.
Steve Free was born near Portsmouth, Ohio, on September 16, 1950, When he was 3, he moved to Tucson AZ for a short time and before returning to Ohio at age 9 where he graduated from Northwest High School, Scioto Co Ohio in 1968. He served in Air Force 1969-1973, where he took up the guitar and began writing songs. 
Around this time he met Philadelphia, PA native John Starkey and formed a folk trio in Philadelphia. There, they recorded and released songs on two small record labels. In 1990, Free signed with Fraternity Records, which is his current label. He shot to national attention in 1993 with his song about the Ohio Prison riot entitled "Siege at Lucasville", which was used by the television series 48 Hours when they covered the story about the prison riot on their program.[http://www.poetsplatform.com/articles/48_hours/48.html]
Today.
Free is allegedly a nationally and internationally known recording artist whose style of music has labeled him the "Appalachian Jimmy Buffett." Additionally, Cashbox Records has labeled him one of the most diverse artists known in music today. Free won eight ASCAP Awards, received a Platinum Award, and Charted 14 songs on The National and International Charts, including his "number one" song "Just a Baby Boy", which is becoming a worldwide Christmas song. In 2008, he was awarded The State of Ohio’s Governor’s Award as "Individual Artist." The recent album was reviewed in the October 2008 Powersource Magazine.
Venues.
Steve Free and his band are popular throughout the Tri-State area, performing at diverse locations such as Camden Park and smaller venues such as Moyer’s winery and the Ye Olde Lantern in Portsmouth, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="18884451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884451" title="2008 Pilot Pen Tennis">
2008 Pilot Pen Tennis

The 2008 Pilot Pen Tennis was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 40th edition of the Pilot Pen Tennis, and was part of the International Series of the 2008 ATP Tour, and of the Tier II Series of the 2008 WTA Tour. It took place at the Cullman-Heyman Tennis Center in New Haven, United States, from August 15 through August 23, 2008.
The men's field was headlined by ATP No. 13, Nottingham runner-up and Umag champion Fernando Verdasco, Cincinnati Masters semifinalist and Nottingham titlist Ivo Karlović, and winner of back-to-back titles in Stuttgart, Kitzbühel, Los Angeles and Washington Juan Martín del Potro. Other top seeds are Gstaad and Umag finalist Igor Andreev, Viña del Mar and Pörtschach runner-up Juan Mónaco, Marin Čilić, Andreas Seppi and Mardy Fish.
The women's draw was led by WTA No. 10, Rome Tier I semifinalist and Paris champion Anna Chakvetadze, Australian Open semifinalist and Indian Wells Tier I quarterfinalist Daniela Hantuchová, and Paris, Eastbourne and Montreal semifinalist, Standford finalist Marion Bartoli. Also competing are Paris finalist Ágnes Szávay, Bangalore runner-up Patty Schnyder, Flavia Pennetta, Alizé Cornet and Dominika Cibulková.

</doc>
<doc id="18884454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884454" title="Glaub Dran">
Glaub Dran

Glaub Dran is the only album by the duo known as Lessmann/Ziller. It was released in 1993 on the label BMG International and featured the reunion of Claus Lessmann and Hans Ziller in musical partnership. The entire album is performed in German. In 2002/2003, Claus Lessmann and Hans Ziller purchased the rights to this material and re-released it under the Bonfire name individually as well as a box set called "The Early Days".

</doc>
<doc id="18884487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884487" title="Shirley R. Steinberg">
Shirley R. Steinberg

Shirley R. Steinberg is the Director and Chair of The Werklund Foundation Centre for Youth Leadership in Education, and Professor of Youth Studies at the University of Calgary. She is the author and editor of many books in critical pedagogy, urban and youth culture, and cultural studies. Her most recent books include: Kinderculture: The Corporate Construction of Childhood (2011); 19 Urban Questions: Teaching in the City (2010); Christotainment: Selling Jesus Through Popular Culture (2009); Diversity and Multiculturalism: A Reader (2009); Media Literacy: A Reader (2007); the award winning Contemporary Youth Culture: An International Encyclopedia; and The Miseducation of the West: How Schools and Media Distort Our Understanding of the Islamic World (2004). Originally a social/improvisational theatre creator, she has facilitated happenings and flashmobs globally. A regular contributor to CBC Radio One, CTV, The Toronto Globe and Mail, The Montreal Gazette, and Canadian Press, she is an internationally known speaker and teacher. She is also the founding editor of Taboo: The Journal of Culture and Education, The International Journal of Youth Studies, and the Managing Editor of The International Journal of Critical Pedagogy. The co-founder of The Paulo and Nita Freire International Project for Critical Pedagogy, she is the organizer of The Critical Pedagogical Congress, she is committed to a global community of transformative educators and community workers engaged in radical love, social justice, and the situating of power within social and cultural contexts.
Critical multiculturalism.
Critical Multiculturalism is an idea that draws upon the evolving theoretical position emerging in the Frankfurt School of Critical Theory in the 1920s, The framework for Critical Multiculturalism was laid out in Steinberg's 2001 book, "Multi/Intercultural Conversations: A Reader", but originally discussed in Kincheloe's and Steinberg's book, "Changing Multiculturalism" and further refined in her book, "Diversity: A Reader," (2009). In Dr. Stephen Bigger's 1998 review of "Changing Multiculturalism," he writes, "Multiculturalism, a problematic term, is clarified into a position called ‘critical
multiculturalism’, described with approval inasfar as it explores “the way power shapes consciousness” (p. 25) and has an “emancipatory commitment to social justice
and the egalitarian democracy that accompanies it” (p. 26) in contrast to “a moral emptiness to pedagogies that attempt to understand the world without concurrently
attempting to change it”. Teachers need to have experienced transformation if they are to teach transformatively. The pedagogy comes out of the concern with the
intersection of power, identity and knowledge (p. 29).
Media literacy.
Steinberg's courses revolve around the critical pedagogical approach to media, as defined in a recent book co-edited with Donaldo Macedo: "Media Literacy: A Reader" (New York: Peter Lang, 2007). The book claims that it provides a critical understanding of media culture designed to develop the ability to interpret media as well as understand how it emotionally affects individuals. The book is based on the notion that while many strongly believe that humans exercise agency, that there are social, cultural, and political forces that affect agency. According to Steinberg, one's conception of media literacy analyzes the ways everyday decisions are encoded and inscribed by emotional and bodily commitments relating to the production of desire and mood.
Kinderculture.
Steinberg is also known for her notion of kinderculture, first introduced with Joe L. Kincheloe in "Kinderculture: The Corporate Construction of Childhood" (Boulder, Co: Westview Press, 1997). The book included her chapter, "The Bitch Who has Everything," an examination into the cultural studies of Barbie. The book was published in a second edition in 2004. Steinberg (and Kincheloe) outline the premise of the concept of kinderculture as using pleasure as its ultimate weapon, the corporate children's consumer culture, which we label 'kinderculture,' commodifies cultural objects and turns them into things to purchase rather than objects to contemplate (11). The third edition of the book is edited solely by Steinberg.
Urban Youth Culture.
For the past decade, Steinberg has written about urban youth, and the distinct classification created when considering young men and women in North American city centers. She also edited "Teen Life in Europe," a candid look at the unique features of teens in different countries.
Christotainment.
Steinberg's book, "Christotainment: Selling Jesus through Popular Culture", co-edited with Joe L. Kincheloe (Boulder, CO: Westview Press, 2009), explores her idea of Christotainment by examining the ways in which principles, beliefs, and religious practices supported or constructed by Christian fundamentalist groups are promoted or bought and sold through the use of popular or mainstream media productions.
Post-Formalism.
Steinberg was the co-author of the theory of "Post-Formalism" with Joe L. Kincheloe. This theory argues that while twentieth century educational psychology has made important advances, a time for reassessment has arrived. Steinberg contends that recent years have seen the rise of neo-Vygotskian analysis and situated cognition within the discipline of cognitive psychology. Steinberg and Kincheloe expand upon these theories to develop the specific connections between the social and the psychological dimensions of learning theory and Educational Psychology. Postformal thinking, according to Steinberg and Kincheloe write, concerns questions of meaning and purpose, multiple perspectives, human dignity, freedom, and social responsibility. Curriculum and instruction based on postformalism involves detecting problems, uncovering hidden assumptions, seeing relationships, deconstructing, connecting logic and emotion, and attending to context.
Resources.
Appelbaum, B. (1999). Review of Joe Kincheloe, Shirley Steinberg, Nelson Rodriguez, and Ronald Chennault’s White Reign: Deploying Whiteness in America. Educational Review: A Journal of Book Reviews.
Aumeerally, N. (2006). Review of Joe L. Kincheloe and Shirley R. Steinberg's The Miseducation of the West: How Schools and the Media Distort Our Understanding of the Islamic World. Comparative Education Review, 50, 3.
Bigger, S. (1998). Review of Joe L. Kincheloe and Shirley R. Steinberg's Changing Multiculturalism. Westminster Studies in Education.
Blake, N. (2004). Review of Joe L. Kincheloe and Shirley R. Steinberg's Students as Researchers: Creating Classrooms that Matter. Teaching Theology & Religion, 4, 1, 55-62.
Broadfoot, P. (1998). Review of Joe L. Kincheloe, Shirley R. Steinberg, and Aaron D. Gresson III's Measured Lies: The Bell Curve Examined Comparative Education Review, 42, 3, 372-374
King, D. (2006). A Cultural Studies Approach to Teaching the Sociology of Childhood. Sociation Today. 4, 1.
Kowch, E. (2012). In conversation. (unpublished)
Knobel, M. (2004). Review of Shirley Steinberg and Joe Kincheloe's 19 Urban Questions: Teaching in the City. Educational Review: A Journal of Book Reviews.
Leech, N. (2007). Research and the "Inner Circle": The Need to Set Aside Counterproductive Language. Educational Researcher, 36, 4, 199-203.
Oakes, E. (2006). Review of Shirley R. Steinberg & Joe L. Kincheloe's Kinderculture: The Corporate Construction of Childhood. 2nd Edition. College Literature, 33, 3, 212-216.
Sources.
Kincheloe, Joe L. (2004). "Critical Pedagogy Primer." New York: Peter Lang. (2nd edition, 2008).
Primary Works.
Steinberg is the author and editor of many books, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18884513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884513" title="Cira Centre South">
Cira Centre South

Cira Centre South is a complex of two skyscrapers under construction in the University City district of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, which is across the Schuylkill River from Center City Philadelphia. The location of the buildings is between Walnut Street and Chestnut Street south of 30th Street Station and the Old Post Office Building.
The structure will consist of two towers, the commercial Cira Walnut Tower and the residential Cira Chestnut Tower (also known as evo Cira Centre South). evo is now under construction and is specifically marketed towards graduate students and professionals. The tower will rise a total of 33 floors and 430 feet. It is being jointly developed by Brandywine Realty Trust, Campus Crest Communities, and Harrison Street Real Estate Capital.
As of October 31st, 2013, Brandywine has secured two tenants for the Walnut tower. FMC has signed a 16 year deal for 253,000 square feet. The University of Pennsylvania has signed a 20 year lease for 100,000 square feet. The 575,000 square feet of office space is now 61% leased and will begin construction in 2014. The top floors of the tower will include 260 luxury apartments. Lastly, there will be 10,000 square feet of retail on the ground floor. The building will be 830,000 square feet in total and is officially called the FMC Tower at Cira Centre South. The tower will rise a total of 47 floors and 656 feet. Once topped out, it will be the 6th tallest building in the city of Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="18884520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884520" title="List of post offices in the British Mandate of Palestine">
List of post offices in the British Mandate of Palestine

The List of post offices in the British Mandate of Palestine contains those post offices operated in Palestine under allied military control and, after 1920, the civil administration of the British Mandate of Palestine. During the Mandate, postal services were provided by British authorities.
About 160 post offices, branch offices, rural agencies, travelling post offices, and town agencies operated, some only for a few months, others for the entire length of the period. Upon the advance of allied forces in 1917 and 1918 initially "Field Post Offices" and "Army Post Offices" served the local civilian population. Some of the latter offices were converted to "Stationary Army Post Offices" and became civilian post offices upon establishment of the civilian administration. In 1919 fifteen offices existed, rising to about 100 by 1939, and about 150 by the end of the Mandate in May 1948.
With most of the Jerusalem General Post Office archives destroyed, research depends heavily on philatelists recording distinct postmarks and dates of their use.
The postal service operated by the Mandatory authorities was reputed to be the best in the Middle East. Letters were delivered daily in Jerusalem. Palestine joined the Universal Postal Union in October 1923. The post was transported by boat, train, cars and horses, and after 1927, also by air. During the volatility of 1947 and 1948, British postal services deteriorated and were replaced by "ad hoc" interim services prior to the partition and the establishment of the State of Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="18884536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884536" title="Kumarpal Desai">
Kumarpal Desai

Kumarpal Desai is a notable author and columnist from Indian state of Gujarat. He has written over 100 books. He is Director of Gujarat University's School of Languages and Dean of Faculty of Arts.
He was awarded Padma Shri by Government of India. He has also been conferred with many other awards including Gujarat Ratna award. Desai regularly delivers lectures on Jainism in other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="18884547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884547" title="Jacqueline Lawrence (canoeist)">
Jacqueline Lawrence (canoeist)

Jacqueline "Jacqui" Lawrence (born 25 April 1982 in Cooma, New South Wales) is an Australian slalom canoer and Olympic silver medallist, from Old Bonalbo, New South Wales.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics, she won silver in the K-1 event at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park.
Her younger sisters Kate and Rosalyn also compete in the same event and in the Olympic trials, Jacqui had to defeat Kate for a place on the Australian team.
Jacqui went to the University of New England in Armidale and was part of Drummond and Smith College.

</doc>
<doc id="18884581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884581" title="Manfred Nerlinger">
Manfred Nerlinger

Manfred Nerlinger (born September 27, 1960 in Munich, Bavaria) is a German former weightlifter, trainer and entrepreneur.
Biography.
He started with weightlifting in 1973. Competing in the superheavyweight category, he participated in four Summer Olympics, and won two bronze medals and one silver medal. Nerlinger participated in 11 World Championships, winning 3 medals in the snatch, 7 medals in the clean and jerk, 2 of them gold medals, and 5 medals in the combined competition.
He also participated in 10 European Championships, winning one medal in the snatch, 6 medals in the clean and jerk, one of them a gold medal, and 5 medals in the combined competition, one of them a gold medal. In 1993 he lifted a world record clean and jerk with 247.5 kg. 
Nerlinger also lifted 37 German records. His personal bests were, before 1993: 197.5 kg snatch, 260.0 kg clean and jerk, 455.0 kg combined; after weight categories were changed in 1993: 192.5 kg snatch, 247.5 kg clean and jerk, 440.0 kg combined. Since 2000 he works as national youth trainer in the German weightlifting federation (BVDG). He also runs a shop selling weightlifting products.

</doc>
<doc id="18884586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884586" title="Ara (film)">
Ara (film)

Ara is a 2008 Turkish drama film directed by Ümit Ünal, starring Erdem Akakçe, Betül Çobanoğlu, Serhat Tutumluer, and Selen Uçer, all originally stage actors.
The film's plot spans a decade and evolves around the relations of two middle class, urban couples, Veli and Selda, Veli's business partner Ender and Gül. Selda is romantically and sexually involved with Ender, while Gül and Veli are also in an extramarital relationship. The film examines Turkey's financial and cultural turmoils of the past 20 years through these four middle-class people who search for their own places and stances in society, and through their romantic, friendly and treacherous relations.
The film is set in a single apartment, however, because the plot spans a decade, and the apartment is used as a set for music videos, commercials or TV serials, those images seep into the film's imagery while the decoration of the house continuously changes throughout. The film was shot completely digitally in an 80 square meter (861 square feet) flat at the Kuledibi neighbourhood in Beyoğlu, Istanbul. The film's title "Ara" means "between", "space", "distance" in Turkish, and it is a reference to the main characters' "in between-ness" in society and their own relationships.
Plot.
"Ara" tells the story of two couples over a period of about 10 years. The men are close friends, and so are their partners, thanks to them. One of the women, Gül, is half French half Turkish living in Istanbul. She rents her house to film crews to shoot commercials, movies, TV series and music videos. When the homes of her friends Ender, Veli, and Selda, are flooded, they also stay in her flat. The film follows these four friends living in this house from 1998 until 2008.
Production.
Script.
Writer-director Ümit Ünal was expected to shoot "Sultan Mutfakta" after he completed "Istanbul Tales", but preferred to make "Ara" instead for budgetary reasons. Ünal constructed the script especially for two actors, who both turned the offer down. The script was completed in the summer of 2006.
Ünal first came up with the idea of making a film on relations at a single setting, in one house, after moving out from his home where he lived with his ex-wife. According to Ünal, the script has autobiographical elements, "but rather the autobiography of a generation that is in its 40s now." Ünal also was inspired by English playwright Harold Pinter's 1978 play Betrayal that deals with an affair that entangles a married couple. The Ender character corresponds to the director Ümit Ünal, if he had studied Economics, instead of Fine Arts.
Shooting and editing.
Shooting began on May 10, 2007, and both shooting and editing were completed in only 13 days, due to the being done on a daily basis as the shooting went on (a standard feature film usually takes from one month up to a year for the editing to be completed).
Reception.
"Ara" was generally well received by critics in Turkey, however audience numbers were quite low compared to blockbusters (9,332 in 13 weeks as opposed to 102,900 by "The Bank Job" in 17 weeks). The film was released in 18 theaters, most of them art house cinemas.
At the 2008 Istanbul International Film Festival, "Ara" received the Special Prize of the Jury in the National Competition and Serhat Tutumluer won the Best Actor Award.
Controversy.
A controversy arose when "Ara" was not selected to compete at the 44th Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival. Ümit Ünal sent a public letter to the festival director Engin Yiğitgil protesting that "Ara" was eliminated as contender by a pre-jury whose members were not revealed, and without a rationale. Ünal added that he will not have any of his future films screened at Antalya as long as the current festival structure is maintained. Ünal also turned to the Turkish film organisations Scriptwriters' Association and Film Works Owners' Association. On September 30, 2007, another director, Ali Özgentürk, in support of Ünal, accused the festival as being undemocratic and that Golden Orange "has been using Turkish cinema as an extra for the last few years. Directors Engin Ayça, whose "Suna", Selma Köksal, whose "Fikret Bey", and Mehmet Eryılmaz, whose "A Fairground Attraction" were not nominated, also protested and accused the festival for not showing the necessary attention to Turkish cinema. The Golden Orange Film Festival administration did not reveal the reasons for "Ara" not being included in its competition, how many films applied to the competition of how many were eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18884591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884591" title="Juan de Ayolas Airport">
Juan de Ayolas Airport

Juan de Ayolas Airport is a small airport that serves the city of Ayolas, in the Misiones Department of Paraguay.
The airport is named after Juan de Ayolas. It is operated by both Argentine and Paraguayan authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="18884607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884607" title="SS Washingtonian">
SS Washingtonian

SS "Washingtonian" was a cargo ship launched in 1913 by the Maryland Steel Company as one of eight sister ships for the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company. At the time of her launch, she was the largest cargo ship under American registry. During the United States occupation of Veracruz in April 1914, "Washingtonian" was chartered by the United States Department of the Navy for service as a non-commissioned refrigerated supply ship for the U.S. fleet stationed off the Mexican coast.
In January 1915, after a little more than one year of service, "Washingtonian" collided with the schooner "Elizabeth Palmer" off the Delaware coast and sank in ten minutes with the loss of her $1,000,000 cargo of of raw Hawaiian sugar. In the days after "Washingtonian"s sinking, the price of sugar in the United States increased almost 9%, partly attributed to the loss of "Washingtonian"s cargo. Lying under approximately of water, "Washingtonian"s wreck is one of the most popular recreational dive sites on the eastern seaboard.
Design and construction.
In November 1911, the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company placed an order with the Maryland Steel Company of Sparrows Point, Maryland, for two new cargo ships— and "Washingtonian". The contract cost of the ships was set at the construction cost plus an 8% profit for Maryland Steel, but capped at a maximum cost of $640,000 each. The construction was financed by Maryland Steel with a credit plan that called for a 5% down payment in cash and nine monthly installments for the balance. The deal had provisions that allowed some of the nine installments to be converted into longer-term notes or mortgages. The final cost of "Washingtonian", including financing costs, was $71.49 per deadweight ton, which totaled just under $733,000.
"Washingtonian" (Maryland Steel yard no. 131) was the second ship built under the contract. The ship was , and was in length (between perpendiculars) and abeam. She had a deadweight tonnage of , and, at the time of her launch, was the largest American-flagged cargo ship. "Washingtonian" had a speed of , and was powered by a single steam engine with oil-fired boilers which drove a single screw propeller. "Washingtonian"s cargo holds, providing a storage capacity of , were outfitted with a complete refrigeration plant so she could carry perishable products from the West to the East Coast, such as Pacific Northwest salmon or fresh produce from Southern California farms.
Career.
When "Washingtonian" began sailing for American-Hawaiian, the company shipped cargo from East Coast ports via the Tehuantepec Route to West Coast ports and Hawaii, and vice versa. Shipments on the Tehuantepec Route arrived at Mexican ports—Salina Cruz, Oaxaca, for eastbound cargo, and Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, for westbound cargo—and traversed the Isthmus of Tehuantepec on the Tehuantepec National Railway. Eastbound shipments were primarily sugar and pineapple from Hawaii, while westbound cargoes were more general in nature. "Washingtonian" sailed in this service, but it is not known whether she sailed on the east or west side of North America.
After the United States occupation of Veracruz on 21 April 1914 (which took place while six American-Hawaiian ships were being held in various Mexican ports), the Huerta-led Mexican government closed the Tehuantepec National Railway to American shipping. This loss of access (the Panama Canal was not yet open) caused American-Hawaii to return to its historic route of sailing around South America via the Straits of Magellan in late April. During the U.S. occupation, "Washingtonian" was chartered by the Navy Department to serve as a non-commissioned refrigerator and supply ship for the U.S. fleet off Mexico. She was outfitted for her first voyage at the New York Navy Yard and sailed with of fresh meat for the Navy and the United States Army. "Washingtonian" sailed in a rotation with the commissioned Navy stores ships and .
With the opening of the Panama Canal on 15 August, American-Hawaiian ships switched to taking the canal route. In late August, American-Hawaiian announced that "Washingtonian"—her Navy charter ended by this time—would sail on a San Francisco – Panama Canal – Boston route, sailing opposite , "Honolulan", and sister ship "Pennsylvanian".
"Washingtonian" sailed from Los Angeles in early October with a load of California products—including canned and dried fruits, beans, and wine—for New York and Boston. After delivering that load, "Washingtonian" headed for Honolulu, Hawaii, to take on a load of raw sugar valued at about $1,000,000. Departing Honolulu on 20 December, "Washingtonian" arrived at Balboa on 17 January 1915 and transited the Panama Canal. Sailing from Cristóbal two days later, she headed for the Delaware Breakwater en route to Philadelphia.
Collision.
At 3:30 a.m. on 26 January, some from Fenwick Island, Delaware, the American schooner "Elizabeth Palmer" was under full sail at on a southwest by south course. "Elizabeth Palmer"s captain saw a large steam vessel, "Washingtonian", on an apparent collision course ahead, but did not change course since navigational rules of the time required steam-powered vessels to yield to vessels under sail power. The captain of "Washingtonian", two quartermasters, and a seaman were all on watch and saw "Elizabeth Palmer", but misjudged the schooner's rapid pace. When "Washingtonian", underway at , did not change course or speed, "Elizabeth Palmer" impacted the starboard side of the steamer, leaving a large hole that sank "Washingtonian" ten minutes later. Less than a mile (2 km) away, "Elizabeth Palmer", with her jib boom and the top of her foremast stripped away by the impact, began taking on water through her split seams. When it became apparent that the big schooner would sink, her captain ordered her abandonment, and she slowly settled and went down about an hour after the collision. After "Washingtonian"s crew abandoned ship, one crewman, a water tender, was found to be missing and was presumed drowned. "Washingtonian"s 39 survivors and all 13 crew members from "Elizabeth Palmer" were picked up by the passenger liner "Hamilton" of the Old Dominion Line about an hour after the collision, and the ship landed at New York the next day.
The collision had repercussions for American-Hawaiian and the world sugar market. The financial impact of the collision on American-Hawaiian, estimated at $2,000,000, was devastating. Contemporary news reports in "The New York Times" and "The Wall Street Journal" both told of the collision's impact on the sugar market. Claus A. Spreckels, president of Federal Sugar Refining, noted that the loss of even such a large cargo would not normally have much effect on the sugar market. However, weather in Cuba, then the largest supplier of sugar for the United States, had reduced that island nation's crop by more than 200,000 tons. Further affecting the situation was World War I, then ongoing in Europe, which had reduced the tonnage of shipping available to transport commodities like sugar. With all of these factors, the asking price for sugar futures contracts for February 1915 delivery was 2.90 cents per pound (6.39 cents per kg) a week before "Washingtonian"s sinking, but had risen to 3.16 cents per pound (6.96 cents per kg) the day after the sinking, a rise of almost 9% in a week.
"Washingtonian"s wreck, a skeletal framework of hull plates and bulkheads, lies upside down in about of water, and is one of the most-visited wreck sites along the eastern seaboard. "Washingtonian"s wreck is a popular night dive, and also a favorite with sport divers for catching lobster.

</doc>
<doc id="18884644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884644" title="Hardy Limeback">
Hardy Limeback

Hardy Limeback was a Canadian associate professor and head of preventative dentistry at the University of Toronto, as well as a part-time dentist. He is the former President of the Canadian Association of Dental Research. He received his PhD in collagen biochemistry and his DDS from the University of Toronto. He has authored or coathored over 80 publications on dentistry. 
Limeback is known for his stance against fluoridation, which began in 1998. Prior to that, he has been called "one of Canada's primary promoters of fluoridation", publishing several papers on its benefits.

</doc>
<doc id="18884650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884650" title="Cairell mac Fiachnai">
Cairell mac Fiachnai

Cairell mac Fiachnai (died 819) was a Dal Fiatach king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland. He was the son of Fiachnae mac Áedo Róin (died 789), a previous king. He ruled from 810 to 819.
In 809 Cairell challenged his brother Eochaid mac Fiachnai for the throne and defeated him in battle. This challenge had occurred after the high king Áed Oirdnide campaigned against Ulaid and ravaged from the Bann to Strangford Lough. According to the annals Eochaid escaped from the battle and historians assign 810 as his death date. Cairell became King of Ulaid as a result. In 819 Muiredach mac Eochada (died 839) obtained revenge for his father by defeating and slaying Cairell in a skirmish in 819. 
Viking raids had begun on Ireland (an island off the north Ulaid coast had been attacked in 795) and in 811 the annals record the slaughtering of a group of them by the Ulaid.
Cairell's descendants did not hold the kingship of Ulaid which instead descended through his brother Eochaid. However, his descendants were prominent at the royal monastic center at Downpatrick.

</doc>
<doc id="18884654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884654" title="Baraboo-Wisconsin Dells Airport">
Baraboo-Wisconsin Dells Airport

Baraboo-Wisconsin Dells Airport is a public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northwest of the central business district of Baraboo, in Sauk County, Wisconsin, United States. The airport is located between Baraboo and Lake Delton, Wisconsin on US 12 and it is adjacent to the Ho-Chunk Casino.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned DLL by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA (which assigned DLL to Dillon County Airport in Dillon, South Carolina).
Facilities and aircraft.
Baraboo-Wisconsin Dells Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 979 feet (298 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways: 1/19 is 4,800 by 75 feet (1463 x 23 m) with an asphalt pavement and is equipped with LOC/DME; 14/32 is 2,708 by 100 feet (825 x 30 m) with a turf surface and is closed from November 15 through April 15.
Dells VORTAC is 1 mile north of the airfield
Baraboo-Dells Flight Center, Inc., is the fixed base operator.
For the 12-month period ending September 8, 2006, the airport had 34,000 aircraft operations, an average of 93 per day: 78% general aviation, 15% air taxi and 7% military. At that time there were 49 aircraft based at this airport: 86% single-engine, 10% multi-engine, 2% glider and 2% ultralight.

</doc>
<doc id="18884656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884656" title="Bethmann family">
Bethmann family

The Bethmann (pronounced "Bate-mon") family has been remarkable for the high proportion of its males who succeeded at mercantile or financial endeavors. This family trait began in medieval northern Germany and continued with the Bethmann bank which Johann Philipp Bethmann (1715–1793) and Simon Moritz Bethmann (1721–1782) founded in 1748 and soon catapulted into the foremost ranks of German and European banks. Even after the bank's sale in 1976, there are von Bethmanns engaged in commercial real estate and forestry in the 21st century.
The most notable of the Bethmanns was Simon Moritz von Bethmann (1768–1826): banker, diplomat, politician, philanthropist and patron of the arts. His sister "Maria Elisabeth" was the mother of "Marie d'Agoult" and the grandmother of "Cosima Wagner"; his sister "Susanne Elisabeth", the great-grandmother of "Theobald von Bethmann-Hollweg".
Beginnings in Goslar.
The Bethmann family, which produced the famous Bethmann banking dynasty, resided in Frankfurt am Main from the early 18th century onward. Earlier ancestors had come from the northern German town of Goslar. There – as burghers but not feudal nobility – the Bethmanns were among the upper crust of urban families. As such, they were entitled to delegate representatives to the town council and to bear a coat of arms; the earliest mention of the Bethmann name in Hanseatic Goslar – in the "registrum parochianorum", a compendium on wax tablets of the town's parishioners – dates back to a "Heinrich Bethmann" in 1416. The surname "Bethmann" likely was an occupational name, like "Bäcker"/"Baker", given to collectors of the "bede penninc", a tax requested ("erbeten") from freemen in the Middle Ages.
Subsequently other Bethmanns – a "Tile", a "Bartold", a "Hans" and an "Albrecht" – appear in the records of Goslar, as owners of houses on Stonestrate and Korngasse, and as witnesses in the sale of houses. Another "Tile" buys a house on Knochenhauerstraße in 1492, serves on the town council, and is mentioned ten times between 1503 and 1520 as "Munteherr", the title of an official responsible for minting of specie and weighing the metals produced from mining.
In 1512 "Henning Bethmann", the great-great-grandfather of Konrad Bethmann, is accepted into the merchants' guild. In 1515 he is appointed "Tafelherr", i.e., the councillor responsible for the town finances; this is followed by appointments to the posts of "Munteherr" in 1528, "Kistenherr" in 1538, and in 1548 supervisor of the vitriol works that extract copper vitriol from ore. A Bartoldt Bethmann sold a house on Piepmäkerstraße in 1548 and another on Glockengießerstraße in 1566.
Henning's grandson "Hieronymus" is recorded in 1590 as a member of the merchants' guild; four years later he marries "Ilsebey Drönewolf" in St. Stephan's church. Hieronymus served as chairman of the merchants' guild, as "Kornherr" responsible for grain stocks, town councillor, member of the "Sechsmann" inner council and finally of the "Neuer" or governing council. Hieronymus died as the Swedes were entering Goslar. The town never fully recovered from the ransacking and pillaging of the Thirty Years' War, especially the three years of Swedish occupation.
Some of the 19th century literature incorrectly claimed that the family had originated in the Netherlands. The family assigned its archives in 1965 to the city of Frankfurt. The Bethmanns' archival materials occupy some 300 meters of shelf space, and the oldest document therein is a calligraphed agreement dated 29 May 1321, regulating traffic on the street between the Basler Hof property, which the Bethmanns purchased in 1762, and a neighboring house.
Blazonry.
The Bethmann coat of arms can be traced to 1530. On the right-hand side of a split shield, half an eagle in black is displayed against a golden background, while the left-hand side displays two diagonal red bars against a silver background. At a later date, the motto "tuebor" (Latin for "I shall protect") was added.
To Nassau and Aschaffenburg.
Konrad Bethmann (sometimes spelled "Conrad") (1652–1701) was born in Goslar as the seventh child of the merchant "Andreas Bethmann", four years after the Peace of Westphalia ended the Thirty Years' War. Much of Germany then was a patchwork of small to medium-sized jurisdictions. While this factor impeded development towards a nation-state, it ensured plentiful job opportunities for ambitious bureaucrats and entrepreneurs.
Konrad left his hometown for an apprenticeship in Eisleben. He served as Münzwardein in Dömitz (Mecklenburg), then was appointed in 1683 Münzmeister to the Princess of Nassau-Holzappel in Cramberg on the Lahn river, followed by his appointment in 1687 as "Münzmeister" (Master of the Mint) to the Teutonic Knights in Friedberg, and in 1692 as "Münzmeister" for the Archbishopric and Electorate of Mainz in Aschaffenburg.
He bequeathed a substantial fortune to his widow, Anna Elisabeth (1654–1727), whom he had married in 1678. She was a native of the northern German town of Minden, where the church of St Simeon, Protestant since 1529, and the Roman Catholic monastery of St Maurice stand side by side to this day. This may explain why in subsequent generations, there was always one son named "Simon Moritz".
As a Protestant, the widowed Anna Elisabeth and her children quitted the Archbishopric for the Lutheran city of Frankfurt am Main; there she found it easier to comply with her religious obligations and benefited from the presence of relatives. Three of her daughters married citizens of Frankfurt. Her son Simon Moritz Bethmann (1687–1725) served the House of Nassau-Weilburg as an "Amtmann" or bailiff-magistrate, in Bergnassau on the river Lahn.
This Simon Moritz had three sons:
Founding of the bank.
Upon the death of Simon Moritz in 1725, his widow Elisabeth Bethmann, formerly Thielen (1680–1757) returned to Frankfurt, where she became housekeeper in the household of her brother-in-law, the merchant Jakob Adami (1670–1745). In his will, he bequeathed to his nephews half of his fortune. Johann Philipp and Simon Moritz took control of the "Jacob Adami" trading enterprise, out of which in 1748 the banking enterprise of "Gebrüder Bethmann" developed. This eventually became the House of Bethmann. Johann Jakob – the middle brother – established a trading branch in Bordeaux. Later he became the imperial consul in Bordeaux and founded the Bordeaux branch of the family, which continues to this day.
Within a short span of time, the Bethmann bank developed into one of Frankfurt's leading Christian-owned banks, on a scale comparable only to its younger rival, the House of Rothschild. The bank's fortunes began to rise in 1754 based on its business in imperial, princely and municipal bonds and skyrocketed from 1778, thanks to the bank's innovation in breaking the amount borrowed by the Austrian emperor down into "sub-bonds" ("Partialobligationen") at 1000 guldens each offered to the public, which made them tradeable in secondary markets. This transformed the bank from a lender to an underwriter of bond issues. At one point, the profits of "Gebrüder Bethmann" exceeded those of all its Frankfurt competitors put together, and it ranked first among all German banks.
Simon Moritz, a major donor to Frankfurt's "Citizens' Hospital", died without issue, but the marriage in 1762 between his elder brother Johann Philipp and Katharina Margarethe Schaaf (1741–1822), daughter of the Frankfurt notable Anton Schaaf, produced six children, four of whom survived to adulthood:
First families of Frankfurt.
In Frankfurt, the beginnings of an independent polity date back to the grant of privileges to its citizens by then king Friedrich II in 1217. Not long after, an upper crust of burgher families began to constitute itself. To them were reserved seats on the town council, which were passed on by inheritance to the sons of the council members. This clique of generally wealthy families was called Patricians, after the "patricii" ruling families of ancient Rome. Some of these patrician families, like the Holzhausens, had an unbroken run of sixteen generations on the town council from the 13th to the 18th century. As the daughter of a Kaiserlicher Rat and Schöffe, Katharina Margarete Schaaf gained her husband Johann Philipp access to Patrician society; she was on familiar terms with the mother of Goethe and, even after she was widowed, maintained a respected salon where she received Madame de Staël in 1808.
By 1816, when Frankfurt's new constitution abolished the privilege of heritable office for the "Patrizier", the cachet of belonging to one of their societies had already become much less significant.
A man in full – pragmatic and enlightened.
Upon the death of Johann Philipp Bethmann in 1793 his son Simon Moritz became head of the House of Bethmann. His peers called him "Frankfurt's premier citizen", while in France some called him "le roi de Francfort". His financial dealings gained him entrance to nearly all the ruling families of Europe, and he exploited these contacts on numerous diplomatic missions on behalf of his hometown. In 1802 he negotiated successfully with France for a reduction of her demand for contributions to the cost of war. In the negotiations on the German mediatisation, he bargained for and achieved the secularization of ecclesiastical assets within the territory of Frankfurt for the benefit of the imperial city. In 1802 he was appointed Russian consul for Frankfurt, followed by his appointment in 1807 as Russian Consul General and Staatsrat or Russian Counselor of State. In 1808 he received the patent of an Austrian nobleman from Francis I, Emperor of Austria. Thenceforth, he and his descendants would be named "von" Bethmann. However, to the people of Frankfurt his "Russian" title of "Staatsrat" stuck, and so even after he returned that commission to Tsar Alexander I he was simply known as the "Staatsrat". On 31 October 1813 the retreating Emperor Napoleon spent the night as an unannounced guest at the Bethmanns' garden house. Bethmann's negotiating skills managed to persuade the French to withdraw their army without further bloodshed from Frankfurt.
Besides promoting commerce, Simon Moritz von Bethmann was an ardent supporter of the arts and sciences in the city of Frankfurt. In 1812 Bethmann inaugurated a museum of antique and classicist sculpture within a stretch of land that he had turned into a park six years earlier. (Both the building and the park were sold to the city in 1856). His donations made it possible to establish the city library on the northern bank of the river Main between 1820 and 1825.
He was a major donor and co-founder of secondary schools (Musterschule in 1803, Philanthropin in 1804, "Weißfrauenschule" in 1806); his efforts on behalf of the "Philanthropin" were particularly noteworthy, for in supporting this Jewish school and promoting its cause among his Christian brethren, Simon Moritz was ahead of his time. In 1687 when "Anna Elisabeth Bethmann" named a son "Simon Moritz", it may have been that she wanted to show her support for ecumenicism or it may simply have been that she fondly remembered the twin landmarks of her hometown. For her great-grandson—the third Simon Moritz—there was nothing accidental about what he set out to do: support the Jews in their struggle for civil rights.
In this respect, Simon Moritz was not unique. A generation earlier, Enlightenment figures like Gotthold Ephraim Lessing had begun militating for Jewish emancipation. Unusually, however, at the same time that Simon Moritz was helping the Jews of Frankfurt to secure greater freedoms for themselves, he was carrying on a fierce business rivalry with the Rothschilds in which no quarter was ever given.
On Christmas Day 1826 he suffered a stroke in a box seat of Frankfurt's municipal theater, an institution which he had co-endowed, and succumbed two days afterward. Bethmann was buried in the cemetery of the Church of Peter in Frankfurt, where his grave is preserved to this day.
Simon Moritz von Bethmann had married "Louise Friederike née Boode" (1792–1869), daughter of a respected Dutch family, granddaughter of a Huguenot named Martin and a native of British Guiana, in 1810. The Louisa park off a major carriage route in the southwest part of Frankfurt is named after "Louise von Bethmann".
Four sons issued from this marriage:
Because Bethmann's sons had not yet achieved the age of majority upon their father's death, the bank's partners stepped in as pro tem directors of the bank. In 1828 his widow remarried to "Matthias Franz Joseph Borgnis" (1798–1867).
Magnates of industrial revolution.
In 1833 Moritz von Bethmann succeeded to the directorship of the bank. He financed the construction of numerous railways in Germany and made especially sure that Frankfurt turned into an early node of rail traffic. Together with the House of Rothschild, Moritz started the Taunus-Eisenbahn AG in 1836, the Frankfurt-Hanau railroad in 1844, and the Rheingau railroad in 1845, to name just a selection. Investments were made during the 1850s in other European railroads – such as the Italian Central Railroad, the Austrian state railroad, and the Rhine/Nahe railroad established in 1856. In 1842 he became a Prussian consul, then Prussian Consul General in the Free City of Frankfurt from 1854 to 1866. He was granted the heritable title of Freiherr, a rank of minor nobility, in the Grand Duchy of Baden in 1854. Also in 1854 he co-founded the "Frankfurter Bank", in 1862 the Frankfurter Hypothekenbank, and in 1873 the Degussa company.
In 1863 he hosted the German princes convening to discuss constitutional reform in his garden mansion. Following in the footsteps of his father, he too was a generous patron of the arts in Frankfurt and contributed heavily to philanthropic causes, arts and letters, and organized equestrian activities. On 18 September 1848, he gave refuge to mortally wounded Prince Felix Lichnowsky who had been attacked by a mob ostensibly outraged over foreign policy decisions. He was married to Marie von Bose.
Moritz' brother Carl Ludwig Caesar von Bethmann purchased the castle of Fechenbach in 1842, earning him the title of a Bavarian Freiherr. His oldest son Karl Moritz "Charly" von Bethmann proved a spendthrift and got himself in hock to a loan shark charging 6 per cent interest a week. Karl Moritz was hoping for a rescue from the House of Bethmann but Moritz von Bethmann was unfazed: he said that total ruination was the best cure for his profligate nephew Charly.
The last male descendant of this line, Karl Alexander Moritz Freiherr von Bethmann died in 1942. Fechenbach castle was sold to a private buyer named Wissler but confiscated by the Nazis a year later. Following the end of WWII and after a decade as an orphanage the property was restituted to the Wissler family who completed its construction in 2006.
Ludwig "Simon Moritz" Freiherr von Bethmann (1844–1902), the eldest son of Moritz von Bethmann and Marie von Bose, married Baroness Helene von Wendland. Trained in London, he joined "Gebrüder Bethmann" as partner in 1869. He gained broad experience in several industries serving as non-executive director on the boards of rail and banking companies. This "Simon Moritz" kept up the railroad business but also got the bank involved in municipal bonds and industrial investments worldwide. A passionate huntsman and athlete, he became a wheelchair user following a riding accident in 1879. He gave generously to local and charitable causes, sponsoring the Golden Book of Frankfurt am Main in 1902. Of their three children only "Simon Moritz" survived. After serving as First Lieutenant in World War I, he set out to transform the Bethmann bank into a full-service bank.
"Simon Moritz" Henning August Freiherr von Bethmann (1887–1966): Following studies of the law in Lausanne and Leipzig, he joined Gebrüder Bethmann as partner in 1913. In 1914 he married Maximiliane Countess Schimmelpenninck, a granddaughter of Dr. Eugen Lucius, a founder of Hoechst AG, thus adding the landed estate of Gut Schönstadt near Marburg to the Bethmann holdings. He joined the board of the stock exchange and became its president in 1933.
This "Simon Moritz" contributed his time to numerous cultural institutions of Frankfurt, such as the administration of the Städel museum, as well as non-profit foundations. He co-founded the first Rotary Club in Frankfurt and accepted an appointment as Swedish Consul General. In 1929 he served as chairman of the supervisory board of Frankfurter Bank. When World War II ended, he was a lieutenant colonel (reserve).
Gadfly author and last of the bankers.
born 1924, died 2007
Johann Philipp Freiherr von Bethmann
Zu wenig studiert: Privatbankier von Bethmann empfiehlt der Bundesbank ein unorthodoxes Rezept gegen die Inflation: Die Zinsen müssen runter.
Albrecht Freiherr von Bethmann (1956- )
Commercial real estate
Christian Freiherr von Bethmann (1958- )
Forestry owner and consultant and commercial real estate
Eponymous sites, Bethmännchen.
In Frankfurt, the Bethmann family name is honored in "Bethmannstraße", a short street in Frankfurt's old part of town; the Bethmann park in Frankfurt's Nordend district; and the "Bethmannschule", a vocational school for office careers. A statue of Simon Moritz von Bethmann (1768-1826) by sculptor Eduard Schmidt von der Launitz was erected on the centenary of his birth in the Friedberger Anlage, a landscaped portion of the razed city ramparts.
According to a popular story, the Bethmännchen, a marzipan confection, was created in 1838 by the Paris pastry chef "Jean Jacques Gautenier", then the head cuisinier in the Bethmann household. The four almond halves stuck onto the Bethmännchen were said to represent each one of the four sons, with one of the four almond pieces left off following the death of Heinrich in 1845.

</doc>
<doc id="18884664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884664" title="2019 Rugby World Cup">
2019 Rugby World Cup

The 2019 Rugby World Cup is scheduled to be the ninth edition of the Rugby World Cup. At a special IRB meeting held in Dublin on 28 July 2009, Japan was announced as the host for the competition. This will be the first time the tournament is to be held in Asia, and also the first time that the event will be hosted by a nation outside the traditional top tier of the sport. Hong Kong and Singapore are expected to host some of the matches.
Bid.
The IRB requested that any member unions wishing to host the 2019 or 2015 Rugby World Cup should indicate their interest by 15 August 2008. This would be purely to indicate interest; no details had to be provided at this stage. A record ten unions indicated interest in hosting either the 2015 and/or the 2019 events. The 2019 tournament received interest from nine different nations.
Jamaica were the most surprising union to announce an interest in hosting the event, considering they had never participated in a previous World Cup, though they quickly withdrew. Russia also initially announced plans to bid for both the 2015 and 2019 World Cups, but withdrew both bids in February 2009 in favour of what proved to be a successful bid for the 2013 Rugby World Cup Sevens.
Australia withdrew from the bidding process on 6 May 2009.
The three potential hosts - Italy, Japan and South Africa - were announced on 8 May 2009.
Venues.
In addition to the nine venues located in Japan, one venue each from Singapore and Hong Kong have also been proposed to host five matches respectively. The IRB has raised concerns about the two foreign stadiums, which they believe to be too far away from Japan. Nagai stadium may be replaced by the planned football stadium in Kita-ku, Osaka.

</doc>
<doc id="18884668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884668" title="Papal election, 1119">
Papal election, 1119

The papal election from January 29 to February 2, 1119 was, by an order of magnitude, the smallest papal election of the 12th century currently considered legitimate by the Roman Catholic Church.
Pope Gelasius II had died in Cluny having been expelled from Rome by Henry V, Holy Roman Emperor, as a result of the Investiture Controversy. Probably only two cardinal bishops, four cardinal priests and four cardinal deacons participated in the election. The election took place in Cluny Abbey in France, while the rest of the College of Cardinals remained in Rome. A non-cardinal Guy de Bourgogne, the Archbishop of Vienne, was elected Pope Callixtus II, and crowned in Vienne on February 9; Callixtus II reached Rome on June 3, 1120.
Cardinal electors.
Probably ten cardinals took part in the election.
Proceeding.
The cardinals attending the death mass of Gelasius II in Cluny in late January 1119 were divided over whether his successor should be elected on the spot (as was permitted by "In Nomine Domini") or whether they should return to Rome and hold the election with the full College of Cardinals; although the cardinals proceeded with the election immediately, they agreed that they would submit their choice to the entire College thereafter. The cardinals which accompanied Gleasius II to Cluny are known from "Liber Pontificalis" associated with "Pandulphus" (either Pandulf of Pisa or Pandolfo Masca of Pisa), from the charter from Cluny, and from the chronicle of Ordericus Vitalis.
Although the contemporary accounts diverge on many points, it is clear across them that the two candidates that emerged were Guy and Pontius of Cluny, both named as candidates by the late pontiff. The account of Gaufrid, prior of Vigois, relates that Gelasius II had preferred Pontius and predicted his election; Pontius was a far more conciliatory candidate, likely to negotiate a solution to the Investiture Controversy. Two accounts in particular—those of Bernard of Carrion and Gaufrid of Vigois—detail the election of Guy, emphasizing the importance of his known confrontational stance towards Henry V (having previously excommunicated him) and his powerful family, the Salian dynasty.
Aftermath.
At the time of his election, Guy was in the company of his militia, which began rioting when it learned of his election, breaking into the election chamber and violently disrobing him, according to the "Historia Compostelana".
Callixtus II proceeded to Sutri, the location of his opponent, Antipope Gregory VIII, appointed by Henry V, and laid siege to the city for eight days until Gregory VIII was handed over to him; Callixtus then imprisoned Gregory VIII in the Septizodium, from which the papal claimant was moved from monastery to monastery before his death in 1137.

</doc>
<doc id="18884674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884674" title="LML NV">
LML NV

The LML NV is a scooter made by Lohia Machinery Limited India. It is sold in Europe as the LML Star, North America as the Stella, and New Zealand as the Belladonna
The scooter is a licensed copy of Vespa PX 150 introduced in 1986. This model lacks an automatic lubrication system thus two-stroke oil must be pre-mixed with petrol. An upgraded version of this scooter was called the LML Select 2. Production of the LML NV and LML Select 2 ended in 2004. Up until 2004, Bajaj Chetak was its chief competitor in its segment (150 cc, 2 stroke scooter) in Indian market. The company revised production in 2007 and now selling two-stroke and four-stroke models.

</doc>
<doc id="18884678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884678" title="St. Mary &amp; St. Antonios Coptic Orthodox Church">
St. Mary &amp; St. Antonios Coptic Orthodox Church

St Mary and St. Antonios Coptic Orthodox Church (Coptic: transliteration: "ti.eklyseya en.remenkimi en.orthodoxos ente fi.ethowab Maria nem fi.ethowab Antonios") is located in Ridgewood, Queens and was the oldest Coptic Orthodox parish in Queens. It is one of over 200 Coptic Orthodox Churches in the United States.
History.
St. Mary & St. Antonios Church, being one of the oldest Coptic Orthodox churches in North America, started in March 1972, and is the first Coptic Orthodox parish in New York as well as the third Coptic parish in the US, the first two being St. Mark Coptic Orthodox Church in Jersey City and St. Mark Coptic Orthodox Church in Los Angeles. After a few months, however, St. George Coptic Orthodox Church was established in Brooklyn, and eventually, Coptic parishes started popping up throughout New York City as well as up-state New York. This led to the establishment of about 15 Coptic Orthodox Churches in New York State.
After the church was built, in a pastoral visit by HH Pope Shenouda III, the parish was consecrated in September 1989. The liturgies are currently held by three priests, as there are over 300 Coptic families served by St. Mary & St. Antonios Church.

</doc>
<doc id="18884681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884681" title="Pancho Herrera">
Pancho Herrera

Juan Francisco "Pancho" Herrera Willavicencio was a professional baseball player. He played all or part of three seasons in Major League Baseball for the Philadelphia Phillies between 1958 and 1961, primarily as a first baseman. He also played for the Kansas City Monarchs in the Negro American League, from whom he was purchased by the Phillies in 1954, as well with the Buffalo Bisons of the International League (AAA) and also in Mexico. Herrera was the first Afro-Latino to play for the Phillies.
As a prospect, he spent 1957 with the Miami Marlins of the International League, where he, Woody Smith, Mickey Micelotta, and Bobby Young were considered to be one of the best infields in the International League, with one writer saying, "they make plays the Phillies couldn't make."
1960 was Herrera's most productive year. He homered 17 times and batted .281 for the season. He also led National League batters with 136 strikeouts, a league record at the time (it would be broken by Dick Allen four years later). Herrera also committed more errors (13) than any other first baseman in the league. Still, Herrera finished a distant second to Frank Howard in that year's Rookie of the Year balloting.
Herrera's statistics slipped after 1960 and he never played again in the majors after the 1961 season. He played another eight years of minor league baseball before retiring in 1969, although he continued to play sporadically until 1974. After that he managed in both the Mexican and Florida State leagues.
The "missing 'a'" version of Herrera's 1958 Topps baseball card, where his name is spelled "Herrer" on the front, is one of the baseball card world's great rarities. An example of this card in "Near Mint 7" condition sold for $8,365.00 in an October 2009 Heritage auction.

</doc>
<doc id="18884691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884691" title="John Alexander Fladgate">
John Alexander Fladgate

John Alexander Fladgate (1 January 1809 - 12 December 1901), was a port wine merchant. 
Fladgate was the son of Francis Fladgate (1773 - 1821), an Essex Street solicitor, friend of William Jerdan, who employed John Hamilton Reynolds from 1818 to 1820, and Maria Anne Bassett. He was christened in the church of St. Giles-in-the-Fields on 21 December 1809.
Family.
He married Margaret Collett Dalgleish on 29 August 1837 at St. Giles-in-the-Field, London and had 10 children, all of whom were born in Oporto, Portugal. He married four of his daughters to port wine shippers.
Portugal and Port Wine.
He first sailed for Oporto in 1836 but was unable to land because of bad weather. He returned to England, married and returned to Oporto the following year by way of Vigo, Spain. He was the sole partner of Taylor, Fladgate & Co., after Joseph Taylor's death in 1837. Morgan Yeatman joined the partnership in 1839 and they changed firm's name to Taylor, Fladgate, & Yeatman. 
Today, the only direct kinship with Fladgate at Taylor, Fladgate, & Yeatman is David Fonseca Guimaraens, Winemaker and Technical Director, the son of Bruce Duncan Guimaraens and Fladgate's great-great-great nephew.
Honours.
He was created Baron da Roêda of Portugal on 9 October 1872 by King Luís I of Portugal and "Comendador" Commander of the Portuguese Order of Christ.
Death.
His wife Margaret died aged 83 on 1 March 1901 and Fladgate followed her soon afterwards, dying age 92, on 12 December 1901, at their residence 106 Elgin Crescent, Kensington.
Footnote.
In the Factory House records, Margaret's name was recorded solely as Margaret Collett and not Margaret Collett Dalgleish. That Collett was an integral part of her maiden name is confirmed by the parish records for St. Leonard's, Streatham, Surrey, where Margaret was born 24 November 1817, as three of her siblings are also shown as bearing the Collett Dalgleish surname: Maria, b. 1 November 1811; James, b. 11 October 1814; and Alexander, b. 9 December 1815. This is further supported by the 1881 UK Census entry for Henry Wood's household at Woodside Lodge, Leavesden, Watford, Hertfordshire, which records the presence of three of Margaret's sisters who were born in London: Henry's wife Louisa Collett Wood age 54, and two of his sisters-in-law: Rebecca Collett Williams, widow, age 56, and Elizabeth Collett Dalgleish, unmarried, age 70. Furthermore, another of Margaret's sisters, Ellen Collett Dalgleish, is shown in the British Chaplaincy records as marrying John Land Teage in Porto on 14 April 1852.

</doc>
<doc id="18884692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884692" title="2008 Pilot Pen Tennis – Women's Singles">
2008 Pilot Pen Tennis – Women's Singles

Svetlana Kuznetsova was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year.
Caroline Wozniacki won in the final 3–6, 6–4, 6–1, against Anna Chakvetadze.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18884699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884699" title="Counts of Marsi">
Counts of Marsi

The Conti di Marsi, the Counts of Marsi, were a lineage of Frankish origin who figured among the main feudal lords of Abruzzo, part of the Duchy of Spoleto in southern Italy, during the eleventh and twelfth centuries.
With Celano as their main seat, they ruled over a territory that stretched from Lake Fucino as far as the Peligni. 
The conti maintained that they descended from Bernard, king of Italy, grandson of Charlemagne, who had been dethroned and blinded by his uncle, Louis the Pious, in 818. This Carolingian connection cannot now be proved or disproved. It is more certain that they descended from a certain Berardo who was called "Francesco" because he came from Francia, who came to Italy with Hugh of Provence, King of Italy from 924 until his death in 948. According to the Chronicle of Monte Cassino, the first known member of this family, Azzo, Berardo's uncle, was a Burgundian count. The conti di Marsi considered themselves "Berardinga", "Berardings" or, by modern historians, Bosonids.
The chronicler of Monte Cassino who records this decisive event was of the house himself, Leo Marsicanus (1046, Marsica — 1115 or 1117, Ostia) (meaning "of the Marsi"), also known as Leone dei Conti di Marsi; Leo became a monk in Monte Cassino around 1061 and served as a cardinal in the early twelfth century.
As Azzo and Berardo arrived in Italy with Hugh in 926, it is likely that these Burgundian counts originated in the Kingdom of Arles, originally the southern part of the kingdom of Burgundy, where Hugh's family originated. Though the name "Azzo" is familiar today from the Este family, later rulers in Ferrara and Modena, the name was not unusual in northern Italy at the time.
The Lombard gastaldate of Marsi in the territory of the dukes of Spoleto was erected as a county by Louis the Pious.
Three sons of Berardo are recorded in the Chronicle of Monte Cassino, Rinaldo and Oderisio, both counts of Marsi in a charter of 981, and Azzo II, whose son Lupo was abbot of Montecassino. Abbot Lupo's first cousin Oderisio and his wife Gibberga were joint benefactors of Monte Cassino.
Powerful nobles like the conti di Marsi expected to place their sons in commanding positions in the church hierarchy as well. Marsi itself was an ancient episcopal see, and younger sons of the counts served repeatedly as bishops: Alberic, son of Berardo III, succeeded in 970 to the see, in which he was succeeded by his natural son, Guinizio, in 994. In 1056, Azzo dei conti di Marsi was transferred from his see of Chieti to that of Marsi. In 1110 Berardo dei conti di Marsi was named bishop by Paschal II; Berardo was a cardinal, with the "tituli" first of S. Angelo in Pescheria, then of S. Grisogono, and was canonized long afterwards (1802) as Saint Berardo; his great niece, Saint Rosalia, is patroness of Palermo. The chronicler Amatus of Montecassino names Oderisius, the oldest brother of Berard, Count of Marsia, against whom Berard rebelled, specifying that he had seven sons, two of whom were bishops, a third a monk and a cardinal at Rome. This Bernard, who died after 1070/73, "through insatiable greed and desire for wealth fell out with his brother" the chronicler reports.
Dissension among the counts of Marsi enabled the a new power to be reckoned with in the south of Italy, that of Robert Guiscard, whose base of power lay to the south, in Apulia and Calabria, to defeat the individual members of the Berardings and establish Norman power in southern Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18884708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884708" title="Nicholas Gosselin">
Nicholas Gosselin

Major Sir Lord Nicholas Gosselin (died 4 February 1917) was an Irish military officer and intelligence agent.
Born in County Cavan, he entered the British Army at the age of 16, serving in the 39th (Dorsetshire) Regiment of Foot and the Royal Welch Fusiliers before becoming the adjutant of the Cavan Militia.
He was appointed a resident magistrate in the West of Ireland 1882. In May 1883, he was seconded to the Home Office and given control of the newly formed Special Irish Branch, with the initial remit of gathering intelligence on Fenian organisations operating in Glasgow and northern England.
He remained nominally a magistrate during his time at the Home Office - described officially as "employment on special duty" - but did not carry out any of the associated duties nor was he paid for the post. He retired in 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="18884713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884713" title="Nəsibli">
Nəsibli

Nəsibli (also, Khakhollar) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Göyəbaxan.

</doc>
<doc id="18884715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884715" title="Ortaqışlaq">
Ortaqışlaq

Ortaqışlaq (also, Bitlikyshlak and Orta Kyshlak) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18884716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884716" title="Sergio Fernández Álvarez">
Sergio Fernández Álvarez

Sergio Fernández Álvarez (born 9 February 1975 in León, Castile and León) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender, and the current assistant manager of Real Betis in La Liga.
Football career.
After playing most of his career in the third division (with a brief unassuming spell in the second with CD Numancia), Fernández arrived at Hércules CF aged 28, and helped it return to the second level in his second year.
Following the outstanding 2008–09 season, where his club narrowly missed on a La Liga return, negotiations broke down for renovation of his contract so, in late June 2009, he agreed on a move to fellow league side Real Murcia.
In the 2009–10 campaign veteran Fernández was a defensive mainstay for Murcia, only missing three league games out of 42, but his team was eventually relegated. Aged 35 he decided to retire, being immediately appointed his last club's director of football; he moved to another former team, Hércules, in the following year, in the same capacity.
On 2 December 2013 Álvarez joined newly appointed Juan Carlos Garrido's staff at Real Betis, following the dismissal of Pepe Mel.

</doc>
<doc id="18884717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884717" title="Qandalar">
Qandalar

Qandalar (also, Qandallar and Kandalar) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Çatax.

</doc>
<doc id="18884719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884719" title="Dəlləkli, Tovuz">
Dəlləkli, Tovuz

Dəlləkli (also, Dellekli and Dellyakli) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Qəribli.

</doc>
<doc id="18884722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884722" title="Dəlləkli">
Dəlləkli

Dəlləkli or Dellekli or Dellyakli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18884730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884730" title="Kazımlı">
Kazımlı

Kazımlı (also, Kyazymly) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Çatax.

</doc>
<doc id="18884735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884735" title="Şamlıq">
Şamlıq

Şamlıq (also, Shamlykh) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of Böyük Qışlaq.

</doc>
<doc id="18884740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884740" title="Baqqallı">
Baqqallı

Baqqallı (also, Bakkally) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 467. 

</doc>
<doc id="18884741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884741" title="Ağdərə, Tovuz">
Ağdərə, Tovuz

Ağdərə (also, Agdere) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms part of the municipality of İsakənd.

</doc>
<doc id="18884745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884745" title="Harlow v. Fitzgerald">
Harlow v. Fitzgerald

Harlow v. Fitzgerald, , was a case decided by the United States Supreme Court involving the doctrines of qualified immunity and absolute immunity. It is occasionally falsely stated that the Court held that presidential aides were not entitled to absolute immunity, but that question was reserved for remand under the standard articulated by the Court.

</doc>
<doc id="18884757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884757" title="1990 Australian Drivers' Championship">
1990 Australian Drivers' Championship

The 1990 Australian Drivers' Championship was a CAMS sanctioned national motor racing title for drivers of Formula Holden racing cars.
The winner of the championship was awarded the 1990 CAMS Gold Star.
Calendar.
The title was contested over an eight round series with one race per round.
Championship points were awarded on a 9-6-4-3-2-1 basis to the top six finishers at each round. Each driver could retain only his/her best seven results, any other points being discarded.
Australian Formula 2 cars were invited to compete in the final three rounds to boost competitor numbers.
Teams and drivers.
The following teams and drivers competed in the 1989 Australian Drivers' Championship. 

</doc>
<doc id="18884762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884762" title="Calaveras Big Tree National Forest">
Calaveras Big Tree National Forest

Calaveras Big Tree National Forest, in the Sierra Nevada, was established in California on May 11, 1954 with to protect a grove of Sugar Pines, although it had been authorized since February 18, 1909. 
Combined.
Calaveras Big Tree National Forest was the smallest unit in the United States National Forest system, and was administratively combined with the Stanislaus National Forest. 
Transfer.
In 1990 it was proposed that the federal lands be transferred to the State of California to be included in the adjoining Calaveras Big Trees State Park. 

</doc>
<doc id="18884787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884787" title="Campbell-Whittlesey House">
Campbell-Whittlesey House

The Campbell-Whittlesey House, also known as the Benjamin Campbell House, in Rochester, New York is an historic Greek Revival home, designed by architect Minard Lafever. It was built in 1836, and added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 18, 1971.
Campbell was a flour miller, as were many of Rochester's first residents. The home featured parlors painted in a dozen different colors and furniture stenciled with gold.
From 1939 until July 2010, the house served as a museum operated by the Landmark Society of Western New York. In February 2010, the Society announced plans to sell the house to private interests, saying it would close as a museum by July 1. The Landmark Society cited decreased attendance—school visits, for example, decreased from 1,300 students in 2003 to 300 in 2009—and the society's shifting mission as explanations for the decision.
It is located within the boundaries of the Third Ward Historic District. 

</doc>
<doc id="18884791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884791" title="California National Forest">
California National Forest

California National Forest was established in California by the U.S. Forest Service on July 1, 1908 with from parts of Trinity National Forest and Stony Creek National Forest. On July 12, 1932 it was renamed Mendocino National Forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="18884792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884792" title="Colonial Missionary Society">
Colonial Missionary Society

The Colonial Missionary Society was formed in May 1836 as a “distinct society for the Colonies” following the report of a deputation to Canada by representatives of Congregational churches from Britain. Its principal mission effort was directed towards promoting Congregationalist forms of Christianity among “British or other European settlers” rather than indigenous peoples.
At first it functioned as part of the Congregational Union, which Andrew Reed, an early honorary secretary, described as ‘a crippled and dependent existence’. In time it became an independent body.
Radical changes in the way Great Britain related to its former colonies after World War II, coupled with the growth of the ecumenical movement led to four changes in the society’s identity during the 1950s, ’60s and ’70s.
It changed its name to the Commonwealth Missionary Society in 1956, then merged with the London Missionary Society in 1966 to form the Congregational Council for World Mission (CCWM). At the formation of the United Reformed Church in 1972 it underwent another name change, becoming the Council for World Mission (Congregational and Reformed). The CWM (Congregational and Reformed) was again restructured in 1977 to create a more internationalist and global body, the Council for World Mission (CWM).
The records of the Colonial Missionary Society are held at the library of the School of Oriental and African Studies in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18884824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884824" title="Elemental Technologies">
Elemental Technologies

Elemental Technologies, Inc. is a software company headquartered in Portland, Oregon that specializes in providing multiscreen video solutions. Founded in August 2006, Elemental creates software that uses graphics processing units (GPUs) to perform video encoding, decoding, transcoding, and pixel processing tasks on commodity hardware for adaptive bitrate streaming of video over IP networks.
Media and entertainment companies using Elemental products include the BBC, Big Ten Network, CBS Interactive, Columbus Communications, Comcast, Deltatre, Disney, ESPN, Eurosport, Foxtel, HBO, MLB, National Geographic, NBA, NHK, PBS, QVC, Telefonica, Terra Networks, TF1, VMMA, Warner Bros., WRN Broadcast, Viacom and Vubiquity. The company has offices in the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, China, Russia, India and Brazil.
History.
Elemental was founded in 2006 by three engineers formerly of the semiconductor company Pixelworks: CEO Sam Blackman, CTO Jesse Rosenzweig, and Chief Architect Brian Lewis.
In July 2012, Elemental products supported the broadcast of the 2012 Summer Olympics on internet devices for media companies including the BBC, Eurosport, Terra Networks and others.
In September 2013, Elemental was named to the Silicon Forest top 25 by "The Oregonian". The company ranked #24 among the region's largest technology companies.
In October 2013, Elemental provided live 4K HEVC video streaming of the 2013 Osaka Marathon in a workflow designed by K-Opticom, a telecommunications operator in Japan.
Funding.
Elemental received its initial investments in 2007 in the amount of $1.05 million from three angel funds: the Seattle-based Alliance of Angels, the Oregon Angel Fund, and the Bend Venture Conference. In July 2008, Elemental announced it had closed its first round of venture capital financing, receiving $7.1 million, which included investments from General Catalyst Partners of Boston, Massachusetts and Voyager Capital of Seattle, Washington. In July 2010, Elemental raised an additional $7.5 million in Series B financing. Steamboat Ventures, a venture capital firm affiliated with The Walt Disney Company, joined existing venture funds General Catalyst and Voyager Capital in the financing round. In May 2012, Elemental closed its Series C financing for $13 million from Norwest Venture Partners.
Products.
Elemental Live.
In April 2010, Elemental introduced its enterprise product, Elemental Live, a GPU-accelerated, enterprise-class video processing system that provides content distributors with video and audio encoding for live streaming to new media platforms.
Elemental Live made its debut at NAB in Las Vegas April 12–15, 2010, with a four-screen demonstration featuring simultaneous real-time encoding of multiple video streams targeted to mobile, tablet, web and HDTV platforms.
Elemental Server.
In November 2009, Elemental released the first video server appliance to utilize the graphics processing unit for video on demand (VOD) transcoding. The company claims its performance equals that of seven dual quad-core CPU servers. Other potential benefits include conversion speed, reduced power usage, less physical space, and overall cost, which is reported to be less than half of a CPU server.
Elemental Cloud.
Elemental Cloud provides transcoding services in a cloud computing environment using clustered graphics processors.
Elemental Stream.
Elemental Stream is a video processing system that segments, packages and secures live and on-demand content for multiscreen delivery in the IP video delivery infrastructure.
Elemental Conductor.
Elemental Conductor is a scalable management system of two or more Elemental video processing systems.
Badaboom.
On October 23, 2008, Elemental released Badaboom, a consumer media converter, in partnership with NVIDIA Corporation. Badaboom uses Elemental's video engine to transcode video files from several formats, including MPEG2, H.264, HDV, AVCHD, and RAW, into the H.264 format for devices such as the iPod, iPhone, and Sony PSP.
Elemental Technologies announced Badaboom 2.0 is the final version and discontinued the product. The company supported Badaboom until April, 2013, without further software updates.

</doc>
<doc id="18884836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884836" title="Jose Baxter">
Jose Baxter

Jose Baxter (born 7 February 1992) is an English footballer who currently plays for Sheffield United as a midfielder. Born in Bootle, Baxter began his career with his home town club of Everton and although having been on the fringes of the first team, he rejected a new contract in 2012 in order to find regular football elsewhere. He joined Oldham Athletic shortly afterwards where he spent a successful season before being bought by Sheffield United just under 12 months later. Baxter has represented England at both under-16 and under-17 level as well as spending a spell on loan at Tranmere Rovers during his time with Everton.
Club career.
Everton.
Baxter joined Everton as a six-year old. He remained as an Everton youth player until 2008 when he trained with the first-team squad on tours to Switzerland and the United States two months after leaving school.
Baxter made his professional début for the club on the opening day of the 2008–09 season coming on as a substitute in a home game against Blackburn Rovers, becoming Everton's youngest ever senior player in the process, aged 16 years and 191 days, beating the record previously held by team-mate James Vaughan.
Baxter was named in the Everton starting line up to play West Bromwich Albion at The Hawthorns, becoming the youngest Everton player ever to start a game, and March 2009 he signed a new two-and-a-half-year contract with Everton. Baxter remained in the squad in the starting line up and in making many substitute appearances in 2009–10 season. He also made the first team at Goodison Park against BATE Borisov in the Europa League.
Baxter joined Tranmere Rovers on loan in September 2011 and went on to score on his début against Preston North End. The loan was extended several times until January 2012, when Everton recalled Baxter. Still on the fringes of the first team Baxter rejected a new contract from Everton and was released at the end of the 2011–12 season.
Oldham Athletic.
Following his release from Everton, Baxter had a trial at Crystal Palace but they deemed him unfit and declined to offer him a contract. Baxter subsequently signed for League One side Oldham Athletic in September 2012, agreeing a four-month contract. He made his debut for the club the following date, scoring in a 2–2 draw versus Notts County.
Playing and scoring regularly, Baxter's form drew interest from other league clubs but in January 2013 Baxter signed a new two and a half-year deal with Oldham Athletic. Baxter started the 2013–14 season as a first team regular, but a brace against Stevenage in a 4–3 opening day victory prompted renewed interest from other clubs in acquiring his services.
Sheffield United.
At the end of August 2013 Jose Baxter reunited with his former Everton youth manager, David Weir, when he signed for Sheffield United for an undisclosed fee, agreeing a three year deal. On 7 September 2013, Baxter scored his first Sheffield United goal against South Yorkshire rivals Rotherham United in a 3–1 defeat. With the arrival of Nigel Clough as United's manager, Baxter eventually began to cement his place in the first team, scoring a number of goals in the process and was nominated for the League One 'Player of the Month' award for December 2013.
International career.
Baxter has represented England at both U16 and U17 levels. He played in the first two games of the 2009 Under 17 European Championships but missed the third after picking up two yellow cards.
Honours.
England U-16
Personal life.
Having grown up on Merseyside, Baxter is a fan of local team Liverpool. In October 2009 Baxter was one of three men arrested in Kirkby on suspicion of possession of cannabis with intent to supply, and on suspicion of possessing counterfeit money. He was subsequently released without charge.

</doc>
<doc id="18884855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884855" title="Brian Ellis (Australian politician)">
Brian Ellis (Australian politician)

Brian Charles Ellis (born 28 April 1950) is an Australian politician. He has been a Liberal member of the Western Australian Legislative Council since 2007, representing the region of Agricultural.
Ellis was first elected to parliament on a countback, following the resignation of fellow Liberal Margaret Rowe.
Ellis was born in Perth, Western Australia. He was a farmer prior to entering politics.

</doc>
<doc id="18884870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884870" title="Brian Ellis">
Brian Ellis

Brian Ellis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18884872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884872" title="Afshin Norouzi">
Afshin Norouzi

Afshin Norouzi (, born 22 April 1985 in Ahvaz) is an Iranian table tennis player.

</doc>
<doc id="18884878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884878" title="Royal Arch Masonry">
Royal Arch Masonry

Royal Arch Masonry (also known as "Capitular Masonry") is the first part of the York Rite system of Masonic degrees. Royal Arch Masons meet as a "Chapter", and the Royal Arch Chapter confers four degrees: "Mark Master Mason, Past Master, Most Excellent Master", and "Royal Arch Mason".
Constituent degrees.
Within the York Rite, a Royal Arch Chapter works the following degrees:
Administrative organization.
Chapter level.
A Royal Arch Chapter is in many ways the same as a Lodge; it has officers and a ritual degree system, which in this case consists of four degrees: Mark Master Mason, Past Master (in some jurisdictions the degree is named "Virtual" Past Master, to distinguish those who have taken this degree in a Royal Arch Chapter from those who were installed as a Worshipful Master in a lodge), Most Excellent Master, and Royal Arch Mason. However, unlike Lodges, the titles of the Officers change depending on the degree being conferred:
Regional level.
Every US State has its own Grand Chapter, which performs the same administrative functions for its subordinate Chapters as a Grand Lodge does for its subordinate Lodges. In other countries there are either national or state Grand Chapters. The Chapter also has its own equivalents of Grand Lodge Officers, modified from the titles of the officers of a Royal Arch Chapter:
In jurisdictions that have them, there are also District Deputy Grand High Priests appointed by the Grand High Priest to oversee the districts of the jurisdiction as the representative of the Grand High Priest. Grand Representatives are appointed to keep in contact with their counterparts in other jurisdictions.
Grand Chapters also contribute to specific charities which differ from state to state.
General Grand Chapter.
Many of the Grand Chapters around the world (notable exceptions include: Massachusetts, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia) are members of an umbrella group called the General Grand Chapter, founded October 24, 1797. It publishes a quarterly magazine called "Royal Arch Mason" and supports the ABLEKids Foundation.
History of the Chapter degrees.
The exact origins of the four Chapter degrees in its current form as part of the York Rite are unknown. 
"Royal Arch Mason".
Origins and early development.
As for the degree of Royal Arch Mason, Turnbull and Denslow contend that "It is the most widely known and talked about degree in the Masonic system" because it had been part of the third degree until the formation of the United Grand Lodge of England. Although glimpses of Royal Arch Masonry vocabulary appear in Masonic literature from the 1720s, the first verifiable appearance of Royal Arch Masonry is in Ireland in the 1740s during a Dublin procession. According to Lodge No. 21’s records, the “"Royal Arch"” was carried in a procession by “"two excellent Masons"” through Youghal, Ireland, on December 27, 1743. The degree is also mentioned disapprovingly in Dassigny's "A serious and impartial enquiry into the cause of the present decay of Free-masonry in the Kingdom of Ireland" published in Dublin in 1744. Separate notes in this work indicate that the rite was practised in Dublin, London and York, and described it as an ""organis'd body of men who have passed the chair"" (i.e. served as the Master of a Craft lodge). 
In 1749, the Grand Lodge of Ireland issued warrants to Lodges 190 and 198 to establish “Royal Arch Lodges”. 
From Ireland, the Royal Arch spread to England, where it fuelled the rivalry between the two Craft grand lodges in existence at that time. In 1717 the original Premier Grand Lodge of England had been formed in London to govern Craft Freemasonry in England. From 1751, its claim to represent the whole of English Craft Freemasonry was contested by the Antient Grand Lodge of England. In the ensuing debate, the newer grand lodge became known as the "Antients", while the older was referred to as the "Moderns". In 1746, Laurence Dermott, later the Grand Secretary of the "Antients", had been accepted into a Royal Arch Chapter in Dublin, which at that time was open only to those who had previously served as master of a Craft lodge. He regarded the Royal Arch as the fourth degree of Craft Masonry. Under his influence, the "Antients" championed the Royal Arch degree in England, while it was met with hostility in the "Moderns". At the beginning of the 19th century, when the "Antients" and the "Moderns" moved from rivalry towards union, the role and purpose of the Royal Arch became a sticking point. The "Antients" viewed the Royal Arch as a fourth degree of Craft Freemasonry and worked it as part of the Craft ceremonies, while the "Moderns" held that Craft Freemasonry consisted of three degrees only and that the Royal Arch was at the most an extension of the third (Master Mason's) degree which was to be administered separately. When the "Antients" and "Moderns" merged in 1813 to form the United Grand Lodge of England, this was possible only after reaching a compromise on the role and purpose of Royal Arch Masonry. After the union, the "Supreme Order of the Holy Royal Arch" would be fully recognised by the United Grand Lodge, but become a separate order with all Craft Lodges permitted to work the ceremony. In its "Book of Constitutions", the United Grand Lodge of England declared that ""...pure Antient Masonry consists of three degrees and no more, viz. those of the Entered Apprentice, the Fellow Craft, and the Master Mason including the Supreme Order of the Holy Royal Arch."" In 1823, the United Grand Lodge of England allowed Master Masons to join Holy Royal Arch Chapters without having previously passed through the chair of a Craft lodge. In Scotland, a candidate for the Royal Arch must also be a Mark Master Mason, a degree which can be conferred within a Royal Arch Chapter if required.
History in the United States.
In Northern America, freemasons until the end of the 18th century performed Royal Arch ceremonies as well as some others that are now more familiarly part of Knights Templar and the Red Cross of Constantine.
Fredericksburg Lodge in Virginia lists a conferral of the Royal Arch degree on December 22, 1753. There is also a Royal Arch Chapter noted in 1769 in Massachusetts (St. Andrew's Royal Arch Chapter in Boston, then known as Royall Arch Lodge), where the first Knights Templar degree was also conferred. Through a report compiled by the Committee on History and Research appointed by the Grand Chapter of Massachusetts in 1953 and 1954, it was found that St. Andrew's Royal Arch Chapter was the oldest constituted Chapter in the Western Hemisphere, having been officially constituted April 9, 1769, though the records implied that the Chapter had been working prior to that date, and perhaps as early as 1762. The report also states that it is unknown whether the Fredericksburg Lodge in Virginia conferred only the Royal Arch degree or the entire series of degrees.
After the independence of the American Colonies in 1776, Freemasonry in the United States remained relatively little influenced by the rivalry between the "Antients" and "Moderns" in England. In 1797, a group of Royal Arch masons met in Hartford to try to establish some sort of governing body for degrees that were largely conferred in the New England states, which became the Grand Chapter of the Northern States, and later was broken down into the state-by-state Grand Chapter system. This body later became the General Grand Chapter, Royal Arch Masons International.
On 10 November 2004, the Grand Chapter of the Holy Royal Arch in England declared the Royal Arch to be a separate degree in its own right, albeit the natural progression from the third degree, and the completion of ""pure, antient Masonry"", which consists of the three Craft degrees and the Royal Arch. Following this decision by the Grand Chapter in 2004, there are currently significant ritual differences between Royal Arch Masonry as worked in England and Royal Arch Masonry worked as part of the York Rite in the USA. Fraternal inter-relations remain as before.
History in Canada.
Royal Arch Masonry in Canada differs slightly from that explained above from an American perspective. In Canada it tends to have stronger historical ties to the UK than to the USA, and in Canada unlike in the USA, the historical link to the monarchy remains. However it should be noted that recent changes to the Holy Royal Arch in the UK, did not necessarily occur in Canada. In most Chapters in Canada the Past Master degree is not worked, there are only a few exceptions. The degree of the Holy Royal Arch is considered the "completion of the Master Mason's degree" in Lodge - a phrase inherited from England, but which was officially abandoned by the United Grand Lodge of England in 2004. The Officer's titles listed above may differ slightly, and of course the history is different, and more intertwined with that of the British Empire from which it largely grew, there are Chapters that received their charters from the Scottish Grand Chapter and therefore differ in respects.
"Past Master (Virtual)".
The April 30, 1793 minutes of St. Andrew's Royal Arch Chapter (as mentioned above) state that the so-called Excellent degree may have become the Past Master Degree, and that a similar degree by that name was conferred in 1790 by King Cyrus Chapter in Newburyport, MA. There was also a ""Super" Excellent" degree that simply disappeared from the St. Andrew's minutes after December 21, 1797, and it was postulated that it may have become the "Most Excellent Master" degree, first noted in the same minutes on February 21, 1798.
The Past Master Degree was already in existence by 1797, and appears in a few monitors of the era: it is one of the four degrees in the Webb Monitor (1797) and appears in Jeremy Cross' monitor in 1826.
"Most Excellent Master".
The Most Excellent Master Degree is considered American in origin, although it has been postulated by Denslow and Turnbull that it was merely a rearrangement of preexisting material. They state that the first mention of it by name is when it was conferred on William S. Davis on August 28, 1769 in St. Andrew's Royal Arch Lodge, and that the degrees came from lodges originating from the Irish Constitution. Similarities between this degree and material in the 19° in the "Early Grand Rite" of Scotland are also enumerated upon, and they conclude that the degree is from that Rite.
"Mark Master Mason".
The degree of a Mark Master Mason is seen as an extension of the Fellowcraft Degree. It originated in England, and is believed to have entered the York Rite via immigrants to America from Scotland and Ireland. 
The first record of the Mark degree is in 1769, when Thomas Dunckerley, as Provincial Grand Superintendent, conferred the degrees of "Mark Man and Mark Master Mason" at a Royal Arch Chapter in Portsmouth, England. 
In Ireland, the degree of Mark Master Mason is still required to join a Royal Arch Chapter. A Royal Arch Chapter meets as a Mark Lodge, confers the Mark Degree on a candidate making him eligible become a Royal Arch Mason as a subsequent meeting. A Mark Lodge and a Royal Arch Chapter share the same Warrant within the Irish system.
In Scotland, the Mark Degree is still conferred in a Craft lodge. The degree may also be conferred in a Holy Royal Arch Chapter as a prerequisite for exaltation to the Holy Royal Arch. Should a candidate for a Scottish Royal Arch Chapter already have taken his Mark Degree in his Craft Lodge then he will affiliate to the Mark Lodge belonging to the Chapter before proceeding to the Excellent Master and then Royal Arch Degrees.
External links.
Informative video entitled Fervency & Zeal, published by the Grand Chapter of Royal Arch Masons in the Province of Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="18884882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884882" title="Milanello">
Milanello

Milanello Sports Centre, commonly referred to as simply Milanello, is the training facility of Italian professional football club Associazione Calcio Milan. Built in 1963, the centre consists of , including a pinewood and a little lake. It is located between the towns of Carnago, Cassano Magnago and Cairate, in the Province of Varese, about 40 km northwest of Milan.
Milanello currently represents an important asset not only for the Milan Club, but for the whole Italian football system. This was indeed the objective pursued by Andrea Rizzoli who decided to build it. The facilities of Milanello have often been used also by the Italian Football Federation for the preparation of the National Team’s important competitions, such as the European Championships in 1988, 1996 and 2000.
At Milanello there are six regular pitches, 1 in synthetic grass (35 m x 30), 1 covered pitch with synthetic ground (42 m x 24) and a small-sized outdoor pitch in grass named "cage" because the playing field is surrounded by a 2,30 m high wall and topped by 2,5 m high fencing. Inside the cage, the play never stops, with the ball always in motion in order to enhance the speed of execution. A path running through the woods ca. 1,200 m long at various altitudes is used during the season for the players’ physical training (running and biking) and for the recovery of injured players. The main building of the centre is a two-floor building (plus the basement) hosting the offices, the players’ rooms, the chimney room, a TV-room, a pool-room; a bar, a kitchen, two dining-rooms, the press room, the meeting room, the laundry, the ironing-room and the medical centre. Next to the main building the "guest-quarters" are located, where also a few players from the Youth Department live. These youngsters, coming from various parts of Italy and from abroad too, go to school as all other teen-agers and in the afternoons attend their training sessions on the field made available to them.

</doc>
<doc id="18884884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884884" title="91st Street (Chesterfield) (Metra station)">
91st Street (Chesterfield) (Metra station)

Chesterfield-91st Street is an electrified commuter rail station along the Metra Electric Main Line in the Burnside neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois. It is located at 91st and Dauphin Streets and is away from the northern terminus at Randolph Street Station. In Metra's zone-based fare system, 91st Street-Chesterfield Station is in zone C.
Like much of the main branch of the Metra Electric line, 91st Street-Chesterfield is built on elevated tracks near the embankment of a bridge over 91st Street. This bridge also carries the Amtrak line that runs parallel to it, carrying the "City of New Orleans", "Illini", and "Saluki" trains. A freight spur also exists north of the station.
East of this station there was another Metra Electric station along 91st Street known as 91st Street (South Chicago) along the South Chicago Branch. This was replaced by South Chicago-93rd Street Station in 2001. Another 91st Street station does exist west of this one along the Beverly Branch of the Rock Island District line, known as 91st Street-Beverly Hills Station. No bus connections are available. Street-side parking for 91st Street-Chesterfield station exists solely along both sides of 91st Street between the east side of the railroad bridge and the northwest and southwest corners of Drexel Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="18884897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884897" title="J. Tillman">
J. Tillman

Joshua Tillman (born May 3, 1981), also known as J. Tillman, is an American folk singer-songwriter, guitarist, drummer, and songwriter, currently performing under the moniker Father John Misty. Maintaining a steady output of solo recordings since 2004, Tillman is a former member of indie rock bands Saxon Shore and Fleet Foxes, and has toured extensively with Pacific Northwest artists Damien Jurado, Jesse Sykes, and David Bazan.
Early life.
Tillman was brought up in an Evangelical Christian household. Tillman said he grew up in Rockville, Maryland, the suburbs of Washington, D.C. He is the oldest of four children: a younger brother named Zach Tillman and two younger sisters. His father was an engineer at Hewlett-Packard
Before Tillman discovered that he wanted to be a singer-songwriter he had ambitions of being a pastor because it was the closest thing he knew to being a performer on stage. On his upbringing Tillman stated: "I was actually a pretty aimless kid, I didn’t really do anything: I never really studied hard and all my parents were interested in was my spiritual status. When I was younger my reality was heaven and hell and angels and all this bullshit that doesn’t mean anything in terms of becoming an actualised human being." After learning drums Tillman picked up guitar at age 12.
Tillman said his childhood "wasn't a good experience" and was "culturally oppressive." Tillman said he's been somewhat estranged from his parents for about 10 years, though he talks with them annually and his relationship has improved as he's gotten older.
Tillman was raised in the Baptist church and attended an Episcopal elementary, but by fifth grade he found himself enrolled in a Pentecostal Messianic Jewish day school. "People spoke in tongues. There were public healings. No amputees though, or anything. It was more like the common cold being relieved, momentarily," Tillman said. "But the mental image of a row of second graders lying on the ground convulsing and talking about seeing dead grandparents was definitely traumatic." Tillman said that he “never passed out. It didn’t work. By their tenets, I was basically failing at being a Christian.”
Tillman said he was so naive when he was growing up because there was almost no cultural influence, and no secular music was allowed. Around the age of 17, there were new stipulations from his parents - he was allowed to listen to secular music that had a "spiritual theme." So his early purchases included albums like Bob Dylan's "Slow Train Coming" as he was able to establish Dylan was classified as a "Christian artist."
Career.
Solo albums.
After briefly attending Nyack College in New York, Tillman moved to Seattle when he was 21. There, he found a job working at a bakery, which allowed him to record at night before his 4:30AM shift began. A demo he made eventually found its way to Seattle singer/songwriter Damien Jurado. A year later Tillman started opening for Jurado. At shows Tillman would distribute CD-R copies of songs that would later become his album "I Will Return". During the tour, he also struck up a friendship with Eric Fisher, who produced another CD-R album, "Long May You Run." Both albums were later released on Keep Recordings. Tillman and Jurado both later signed on for a U.S. tour with Richard Buckner. 
In 2006, the independent label Fargo Records released Tillman's first properly distributed solo album, "Minor Works", and reissued "I Will Return" and "Long May You Run" as a two-disc set the same year. In 2007, Yer Bird Records released Tillman's more elaborately arranged fourth album, "Cancer and Delirium". 
After signing to independent record label Western Vinyl, Tillman released two albums in 2009, "Vacilando Territory Blues" and "Year In The Kingdom". Tillman said the title track of Vacilando Territory Blues was "about me moving to Seattle and the images that I associate with that journey." It is also "about my brother, and him subsequently moving to Seattle." 
The following year Tillman released "Singing Ax". 
Fleet Foxes.
In 2008, Tillman joined Seattle folk rock band Fleet Foxes as their drummer. On his involvement with the band Tillman said: "People have really exaggerated my involvement with Fleet Foxes; they had two records done by the time I joined the band and the writing was already on the wall that they were going to be the next big thing. I just learned the drum parts for their songs and tried to execute them as best as I could." 
After extensive touring with Fleet Foxes promoting their album "Helplessness Blues", Tillman played his final show with the band in Tokyo on January 20, 2012.
Father John Misty.
On May 1, 2012, Tillman released the album "Fear Fun" under his new moniker Father John Misty. When discussing his motivations behind the creation of the name Father John Misty, Tillman paraphrases Philip Roth: "’It’s all of me and none of me, if you can’t see that, you won’t get it’. What I call it is totally arbitrary, but I like the name. You’ve got to have a name. I never got to choose mine." A couple of months prior to the release of the album a video was released for the song "Hollywood Forever Cemetery Sings" starring "Parks and Recreation"s Aubrey Plaza. The album was a dramatic departure from any of Tillman's former releases. On how the album came about Tillman said: "I got into my van with enough mushrooms to choke a horse and started driving down the coast with nowhere to go. After a few weeks, I was writing a novel, which is where I finally found my narrative voice…. It was a while before that voice started manifesting in a musical way, but once I settled in the Laurel Canyon spider-shack where I’m living now, I spent months demoing all these weird-ass songs about weird-ass experiences almost in real-time, and kind of had this musical ‘Oh-there-I-am’ moment, identical to how I felt when I was writing the book."
As Father John Misty, Tillman was featured on Kid Cudi's 2013 album "Indicud."
Tillman wrote an essay about Damien Jurado's upcoming record "Brothers and Sisters of the Eternal Son" (Secretly Canadian, 2014). He also wrote the soundtrack for a short film called "The History of Caves," directed by his wife, filmmaker Emma Elizabeth Tillman.
Personal life.
Tillman is married to photographer Emma Elizabeth Tillman. They met in Los Angeles, at the Laurel Canyon Country Store and were married in Big Sur. They currently live in Los Angeles "on a very quiet hill, down a long menacing driveway with horses and junk piles in a very strange and tiny adobe house. Just one room." Tillman previously lived in Seattle for a long time.

</doc>
<doc id="18884907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884907" title="Aaron A. Sargent House">
Aaron A. Sargent House

The Aaron A. Sargent House was built prior to 1856, and is located in Nevada City, California at 449 Broad Street. Its architecture and engineering were significant during the periods of 1850-1874, 1875–1899, 1900-1924. The single family home is an Italianate Style Victorian design. 
When Aaron Augustus Sargent brought his new bride, Ellen Clark Sargent, to Nevada City on 23 October 1852, he provided a home near the intersection of Broad and Bennett Streets, an area later referred to as Nabob Hill. Over the years, the Sargents and other renovated the home. 
At one time, it was owned by physician, Dr. Carl Muller. It is currently the Grandmere's Inn.
Landmark.
On 20 June 1980, this Nevada County building was designated as a landmark by the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18884908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884908" title="Parex USA">
Parex USA

Parex USA, Inc. is the U.S. subsidiary of Materis, a 1.6 billion euro worldwide company with four core businesses (mortars and facades, aluminates, admixtures and paint) servicing the construction industry. 
ParexLahabra Inc. is made up of six branded product lines; Parex, LaHabra Stucco, El Rey Stucco, Teifs, Mer-Krete, and Mer-Ko. The company is focused on the sales of Exterior Insulation Finishing System (EIFS), Stucco, Tile Setting Materials, and Decking/Waterproofing products. These product lines are focused on residential and commercial market segments.
The company operates eight different manufacturing sites across the United States.
History.
Parex opened its doors in the United States in 1986 in Redan Georgia as a subsidiary of Materis. The company is focused on producing EIFS products for the U.S. market. In 2000, Parex acquires LaHabra Stucco, a stucco company founded in 1926. In 2002, Parex acquires El Rey Stucco. This new addition provides an increased presence in the Rocky Mountain portion of the United States. In 2005, the Parex, LaHabra Stucco, and El Rey Stucco companies merge to become ParexLahabra Inc. In 2006, Teifs is acquired to improve ParexLahabra's position in the Texas market. In 2007, ParexLahabra acquires Mer-Krete, and along with it the Mer-Ko brand. This acquisition provides ParexLahabra with an established presence in the tile setting adhesive market as well as the decking and waterproofing market. Also in 2007, ParexLahabra acquired 2 facilities from QEP.
In December 2009, ParexLahabra changed its operating name to Parex USA, Inc. to better align itself with parent company the Parex Group based in France.
Lines of business.
ParexLahabra is focused on the following product lines:

</doc>
<doc id="18884955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884955" title="Tattoo (The Who song)">
Tattoo (The Who song)

"Tattoo" is a song written by Pete Townshend that was first released by The Who on their 1967 album "The Who Sell Out". A "rite of passage" song, "Tattoo" tells the story of two teenager brothers who decide to get tattoos in their attempts to become men. Themes of the song include peer pressure to conform and young men's insecurity about their manhood. The song has been heavily praised by critics and has appeared on several of The Who's live and compilation albums. It has also been covered by Tommy Keene and Petra Haden.
Lyrics and music.
"Tattoo" is a "rite of passage" song. The singer sings that he and his brother, as teenagers, were discussing "what makes a man a man." They decided to get tattoos. Their father disapproved of the tattoos and beat the singer. However, his mother approved the singer's tattoo, which said "Mother," but beat the brother because the brother got a tattoo of "a lady in the nude." The song ends with the singer revealing that he now "tattooed all over" and his "wife is tattooed too".
Themes of the song include peer pressure to conform and young men's insecurity about their manhood. Townshend has said that the inspiration for the song came from memories from the time he was about eleven or twelve years old of seeing men with tattoos all up and down their arms, and being concerned that that would happen to him eventually. Townshend originally did not expect Who lead singer Roger Daltrey to be willing to sing such a song about questioning one's manhood, and when Daltrey sang it, and well, Townshend realized that despite his bravado Daltrey shared many of the insecurities Townshend had. Townshend has also stated that the song was written as an album track at a time he had begun to feel that his guitar playing was being overshadowed by the likes of Jimi Hendrix and so he decided to start writing "a different kind of song...story–songs, cameos, essays on human experience."
"Tattoo" begins with arpeggios played on both electric and acoustic guitar. The song is mixed such that the electric guitar is heard only through the left stereo channel and the acoustic guitar is heard only through the right stereo channel. Author Chris Charlesworth describes the melody as being "particularly attractive and mature" and also comments on the "unusually complex rhymes" used. Authors Steve Grantley and Alan Parker praise Daltrey's vocal performance, noting that it "intrigues and seduces" and finds him projecting an uncharacteristically "passive, pensive mood." Who author John Atkins praises the "immaculate" vocal harmonies and imaginative instrumentation.
The Who recorded "Tattoo" on October 12, 1967 at IBC Studios.
Critical reception.
Music critic Robert Christgau considers "Tattoo" one of his three favorite songs from "The Who Sell Out", an album he considered The Who's "only great album" at the time, and one with "no bad songs." "Rolling Stone" magazine considers "Tattoo" to be "one of those gems of guitar playing from Peter Townshend, one which shows flawless mastery of rock and roll chording." Allmusic critic Richie Unterberger states that "Tattoo" "how introspective, vulnerable sides to the singer/songwriter that had previously been hidden." Charlesworth calls it a "standout track" and "one of [Townshend's] finest 'rite of passage' songs. Grantley and Parker note that "Tattoo" is "full of pathos" and "an excellent example of Townshend finding in the humdrum something of universal resonance and appeal." Atkins, calling the song "masterly" puts forth similar views, and Atkins and Grantley and Parker all find that this element of the song is a characteristic that only The Kinks might be able to match.
Other appearances.
"Tattoo" is one of Townshend's favorite songs, and it was included in The Who's live repertoire into the mid-1970s. Live versions of the song were released on the 1995 CD version of the 1970 album "Live at Leeds" and the video "" (although the performance on the video was actually from the London Coliseum). The song was also included on the compilation album "Thirty Years of Maximum R&B".
"Tattoo" has also been covered by Tommy Keene on "The Real Underground" and by Petra Haden on "". It was also included on the Pete Townshend and Raphael Rudd album "The Oceanic Concerts".

</doc>
<doc id="18884961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18884961" title="The Long Arm (film)">
The Long Arm (film)

The Long Arm is a 1956 British crime film starring Jack Hawkins, directed by Charles Frend and produced by Michael Balcon. In the US it's known as "The Third Key".
Plot.
When police respond to a burglar alarm they find nothing amiss after meeting the nightwatchman and searching the premises. The next day the safe is found to have been emptied, using a key, and the nightwatchman a fraud. Supt Tom Halliday (Jack Hawkins) and his new Detective Sargeant, Ward (John Stratten) start to investigate the crime.
Halliday deduces that the false nightwatchman has committed 14 safe-breaking jobs across the country - all against the same type of safe, all with keys. Visiting the safe maker, Halliday gets the names of all the staff, but they are all cleared. Shortly after another safe is cracked and a bystander is run over as the burglar gets into a getaway car. The victim manages to pass limited information to the police before dying. The hit-and-run vehicle is found in a scrap yard. The car had been stolen from a Mrs Elliot but inside they find a newspaper that leads them to a garage in north Wales and a certain Mr Gilson - a deceased former employee of the safe maker.
Halliday finds there are 28 further safes in London. He also finds out that Gilson is being tipped off which safes have a lot of cash in them by an insurance agent. The police arrange with the owner of a safe in the Festival Hall to let the insurance agent know about gala nights that generate a lot of cash. After tailing the insurance agent, the police find that he is meeting Mrs Elliot, and then get her positively identified as Mrs Gilson - the wife of the apparently dead safe maker.
Halliday and Ward then lie in wait for the safe burglar at the Festival Hall, and catch him in the act. As they wait for a police car outside, Mrs Gilson arrives in a sports car. Halliday jumps on the bonnet and breaks the windscreen as Ward chases down Gilson on foot. Both are caught and arrested.
Reception.
At the 6th Berlin International Film Festival it won the Silver Bear for an Outstanding Single Achievement award.

</doc>
<doc id="18885017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885017" title="A&amp;M Records">
A&amp;M Records

A&M Records is an American record label owned by Universal Music Group that operates under the mantle of its Interscope Geffen A&M unit.
History.
Beginnings.
A&M Records was formed in 1962 by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss. Their first choice for a name was Carnival Records, under which they released two singles before discovering another label had taken the Carnival name first. The company was subsequently renamed A&M, after Alpert's and Moss's initials. From 1966 to 1999, the company's headquarters were on the grounds of the historic Charlie Chaplin Studios at 1416 North La Brea Avenue, near Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood.
Throughout the 1960s and 1970s, A&M had such acts as Herb Alpert & the Tijuana Brass, Baja Marimba Band, Burt Bacharach, Waylon Jennings, Sérgio Mendes & Brasil ’66, We Five, The Carpenters, Chris Montez, Elkie Brooks, Lee Michaels, Captain and Tennille, The Flying Burrito Brothers, Quincy Jones, Lucille Starr, Stealers Wheel, Gallagher and Lyle, Barry DeVorzon, Perry Botkin, Jr., Marc Benno, Liza Minnelli, Rita Coolidge, Wes Montgomery, Paul Desmond, Cat Stevens, Bobby Tench, Hummingbird, Toni Basil, and Paul Williams. Folk artists Joan Baez, Phil Ochs and Gene Clark also recorded for the label during the 1970s. Billy Preston joined the label in 1971, followed by Andre Popp and Herb Ohta in 1973.
In the late 1960s, through direct signing and licensing agreements, A&M added several British artists to its roster, including Cat Stevens, Joe Cocker, Procol Harum, Humble Pie, Fairport Convention, Free, The Move, and Spooky Tooth. In the 1970s, under its manufacturing and distribution agreement with Ode Records, A&M released albums by Carole King and the comedy duo Cheech & Chong. Other notable acts of the time included Nazareth, Y&T, the Tubes, Styx, Supertramp, Rick Wakeman, the Ozark Mountain Daredevils, Chuck Mangione, Squeeze, and Peter Frampton. On March 10, 1977, A&M signed the Sex Pistols after the band had been dropped by EMI. However, A&M dropped the band within a week. A&M sustained its success during the 1980s with a roster of noted acts that included Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark, Henry Badowski, Janet Jackson, the Police, Sting, The Brothers Johnson, Falco, Atlantic Starr, the Go-Go's, Chris De Burgh, Bryan Adams, Suzanne Vega, Righeira, Brenda Russell, Jeffrey Osborne, Oingo Boingo, Human League, Ozark Mountain Daredevils, Sharon, Lois & Bram, Annabel Lamb, Jim Diamond, Vital Signs, Joe Jackson, and Scottish rock band Gun. They also, through a deal with Christian music label Myrrh, distributed back catalog recordings of Amy Grant as well as her new recordings, starting with 1985's Unguarded, to the mainstream marketplace, a vital component in her subsequent breakthrough as a mainstream artist.
Within a decade of its inception, A&M became the world's largest independent record company . A&M releases were initially issued in the United Kingdom by EMI's Stateside Records label, and then under its own name by Pye Records until 1967. A&M releases were also issued in Australia through Festival Records until 1989. A&M Records Ltd. was established in 1970, with distribution handled by other labels with a presence in Europe. A&M Records of Canada Ltd. was also formed in 1970, and A&M Records of Europe in 1977. In 1979, A&M entered a distribution agreement with RCA Records (which later became BMG) in the USA, and with CBS Records (whose successor Sony Music Entertainment later absorbed BMG) in many other countries.
Over the years, A&M added specialty imprints: Almo International for middle of the road; Omen Records (1964–1966)
for soul; Horizon Records
for jazz (1974–1978); AyM Discos
for Latin-American; Vendetta Records for dance music (1988–1990); and Tuff Break Records for hip-hop music (1993–1995).
The PolyGram years.
A&M was bought by PolyGram in 1989. Alpert and Moss continued to manage the label until 1993. The sale to PolyGram stipulated that Alpert and Moss had an integrity clause allowing them to control the label's image through 2009. In 1998, Alpert and Moss sued PolyGram for breach of the integrity clause, eventually settling for an additional $200 million payment.
In 1991, A&M launched Perspective Records as a joint venture with producing team Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis. Jam and Lewis stepped down as CEOs of the imprint in 1997, but they remained on as consultants. In 1999, the label was absorbed into A&M. In the mid-1990s, A&M began distributing its PolyGram sister label Polydor Records in the USA.
During the 1990s, the company continued to release albums by Soundgarden, Extreme, Amy Grant, John Hiatt, Sting, Blues Traveler, Barry White, and Aaron Neville, as well as material from new artists Sheryl Crow, Therapy?, CeCe Peniston, and the Gin Blossoms. The company released the soundtracks "", "The Three Musketeers", "Sabrina", "The Living Sea", "Demolition Man", and "Lethal Weapon 3".
Universal Music Group.
In 1998, PolyGram was bought by Seagram and merged into Universal Music Group, which was formed in 1996 as the successor to MCA Music Entertainment Group, of which MCA Records had been the flagship. A&M was subsequently merged into Universal Music Group's then newly formed Interscope Geffen A&M label group. Its Canadian division was absorbed into Universal Music Canada at that time, which included Jann Arden alongside other artists from Canada.
The A&M lot on La Brea Avenue was shut down in January 1999. During the farewell celebration, the company's staff placed a black band over the A&M sign above the main entrance, indicating the death of the company. The old A&M studios and executive offices are now the home of Jim Henson Productions, which operates Henson Recording Studios. Most of the company's workforce, some of whom had been with the company for a decade or more, were let go; while many of its artists were dropped. The label's more prominent acts such as Sting, Sheryl Crow, Bryan Adams and Chris Cornell, however, would remain on its roster.
In response to the down-sourcing, Al Cafaro stated, 
Alpert and Moss sued Universal Music Group in 2000, claiming that they had violated a contractual agreement stating that A&M Records would be allowed to retain its corporate culture . The suit was later settled.
A&M catalog albums that did not fit the current pop music format (which also includes rock, rap, and R&B) of their new parent division were transferred to other Universal divisions for management - for example, Verve Records now manages A&M's jazz catalog, not including Herb Alpert's recorded output which Alpert acquired in the settlement with Universal Music and are licensed to Shout! Factory (however, Verve does manage the Horizon Records catalog).
The first multi-platinum A&M Records release under Universal Music Group and Interscope was Sting's 1999 album "Brand New Day". Into the 2000s, despite A&M's having become significantly smaller in stature, with a more streamlined roster, the label would release albums by such newer acts as Vanessa Carlton, The Pussycat Dolls, Nicole Scherzinger, The Black Eyed Peas, Fergie and Keyshia Cole.
In February 2007, Interscope-Geffen-A&M partnered with Octone Records to relaunch the A&M label, now headed by James Diener and called A&M/Octone Records with worldwide distribution handled by parent Universal Music Group. The existing Octone roster was transferred to the A&M/Octone label and all new artist signings are made under the A&M/Octone joint venture. Acts that were already signed to the label before the merger with Octone, however, would remain on the main A&M label.

</doc>
<doc id="18885034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885034" title="Pool of London (film)">
Pool of London (film)

Pool of London is a 1951 British crime film directed by Basil Dearden. It starred a number of British character actors, including Leslie Phillips, James Robertson Justice and Earl Cameron in his first film appearance. 
Synopsis.
The plot concerned the crew of the merchant ship "Dunbar", which docks in the Pool of London. The crew are given shore leave, and soon become involved in smuggling and petty crime in post-war London. Unusually for the time, it tackled themes of racism, as one of the ship's crew was a Jamaican.

</doc>
<doc id="18885062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885062" title="Hodgkinsonite">
Hodgkinsonite

Hodgkinsonite is a rare zinc manganese silicate mineral Zn2MnSiO4(OH)2. It crystallizes in the monoclinic system and typically forms radiating to acicular prismatic crystals with variable color from pink, yellow-red to deep red. Hodgkinsonite was discovered in 1913 by H. H. Hodgkinson, for whom it is named in Franklin, New Jersey, and it is only found in that area.

</doc>
<doc id="18885099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885099" title="Adventures of a Taxi Driver">
Adventures of a Taxi Driver

Adventures of a Taxi Driver is a 1976 British sex comedy film starring Barry Evans, Judy Geeson and Adrienne Posta. There were two sequels, "Adventures of a Private Eye" and "Adventures of a Plumber's Mate".
References.
"Keeping the British End Up: Four Decades of Saucy Cinema" by Simon Sheridan (Titan Books) (4th edition) 2011

</doc>
<doc id="18885162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885162" title="Andy Blankenbuehler">
Andy Blankenbuehler

Andy Blankenbuehler (born March 7, 1970) is an American dancer, choreographer and director primarily for stage and concerts. He won the Tony Award and Drama Desk Award for his choreography for "In the Heights".
Life and career.
Blankenbuehler was born in Cincinnati, Ohio and is a 1988 graduate of St. Xavier High School and 1984 graduate of Nativity School in Cincinnati.
As a performer, he has appeared on Broadway in many musicals, from "Guys and Dolls" (1992) to "Fosse" (1998).
His Broadway work as a choreographer includes the musicals "In the Heights" (2007–08) and "9 to 5" (2008–09). He won the Tony Award and Drama Desk Award for his choreography for "In the Heights". Other New York work includes choreography for the "Broadway By The Year:1930, 1938 and 1978" series, and the City Center Encores! productions of "The Apple Tree" (2006) and "The Wiz" (2009). He is the director and choreographer of "Bring It On: The Musical", written by Jeff Whitty, with music by Lin-Manuel Miranda and Tom Kitt and lyrics by Lin-Manuel Miranda and Amanda Green, which premiered at the Alliance Theatre, Atlanta, Georgia, in January 16, 2011. This production also performed at the Ahmanson Theater in Los Angeles where Blankenbuehler won the 2011 LA Drama Critics Circle Award for Best Choreography.
Additionally, Blankenbuehler choreographed the Frank Wildhorn world premiere production of "Waiting for the Moon". The show featured 6 full-length dance sequences, including one that lasted over 10 minutes. He was nominated for a Barrymore Award for Choreographing the show.
Blankenbuehler has choreographed for Bette Midler and directed, choreographed and co-conceived the production "Nights On Broadway" at Caesars Palace.
He is now the choreographer for the 2012 revival of "Annie"

</doc>
<doc id="18885178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885178" title="Adventures of a Private Eye">
Adventures of a Private Eye

The Adventures of a Private Eye is a 1977 British sex comedy film starring Christopher Neil, Suzy Kendall, Harry H. Corbett and Liz Fraser. It was the second in the trilogy of 'Adventures' films after the 1976 film "Adventures of a Taxi Driver". It was followed the next year by "Adventures of a Plumber's Mate", the final film in the trilogy.
References.
"Keeping the British End Up: Four Decades of Saucy Cinema" by Simon Sheridan (Titan Books) (4th edition) 2011

</doc>
<doc id="18885188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885188" title="The Case Against Barack Obama">
The Case Against Barack Obama

"The Case Against Barack Obama: The Unlikely Rise and Unexamined Agenda of the Media's Favorite Candidate", by author David Freddoso, is a bestselling book published in late 2008, providing a critical examination of the life and opinions of the then United States presidential candidate and Senator Barack Obama.
Freddoso was a political reporter for the website of the conservative magazine "National Review" when the book came out. He is now with the Washington Examiner. The book was published by Regnery Publishing.
Freddoso said in an August 2008 interview that the book is an attempt to address what he sees as two wrong ways of considering Obama as a presidential candidate. The author wanted to counter those, including those in the news media, who look on Obama uncritically, and to do so in a way different from those who "are smearing him on the Internet for supposedly being a secret Muslim or supposedly not saluting the flag". The book harshly criticizes Obama over policy matters, according to Ben Smith, a writer at "The Politico". For the most part, the book is drawn from previously published sources, although Freddoso does do some original reporting.
The first press run of the book totaled nearly 300,000 copies, and it appeared on the August 24, 2008 New York Times Bestseller List for hardcover nonfiction at No. 5. Publicity for the book is handled by the conservative public relations firm Creative Response Concepts.
The book was released within weeks of two other books critical of Obama written by conservative writers: Jerome Corsi’s "The Obama Nation: Leftist Politics and the Cult of Personality", and Dick Morris’ "Fleeced: How Barack Obama, Media Mockery of Terrorist Threats, Liberals Who Want to Kill Talk Radio, the Do-Nothing Congress, Companies That Help Iran, and Washington Lobbyists for Foreign Governments Are Scamming Us ... and What to Do About It."
Content.
Obama's political positions are reviewed in the book. "If you’re a liberal, reading the following might make you support Obama even more," Freddoso states at one point in the book. "But if you’re honest, I think you’ll agree he’s no centrist."
The book discusses Obama's alleged "radical associations" with such controversial people as Bill Ayers, a former Weatherman organization leader, and Obama's former pastor, the Rev. Jeremiah Wright.
Part of the book focuses on Obama's having made accommodations with the Cook County Democratic Party, despite Obama's start in politics as a candidate appealing to reform-minded voters in the Hyde Park neighborhood of the city.
The book dwells at length on Obama’s opposition to an Illinois bill that sought to protect infants “born alive,” but whose critics said it could have fundamentally undermined the right to abortion. A similar bill passed the United States Congress only after an explicit commitment to Roe v. Wade was added, which Freddoso dismisses as trivial, but which abortion rights advocates saw as crucial.
Response.
Barack Obama presidential campaign.
A spokesman for Barack Obama's presidential campaign said the book, along with Jerome Corsi's biography, distorts the story of the candidate's life and his record. "These books are cut from the same cloth, made up of the same old debunked smears that have been floating around the Internet for months," said spokesman Tommy Vietor.
On September 15, 2008, the Obama campaign mobilized its “Obama Action Wire” sending an email out to Obama supporters urging them to complain to WGN Radio in Chicago after host Milt Rosenberg invited Freddoso on his show to discuss his book.
Reviews.
Ben Smith, a writer at The Politico, called the book the "first serious negative biography of Senator Barack Obama". The book's official release date was August 4, 2008. According to Smith, the book "occupies a small island in the often-shrill sea of criticism of Obama [...] Freddoso opts largely for a fact-based critique, and writes that the viral and overt smears have allowed Obama to evade substantive criticism." Smith wrote that the book "rehashes familiar complaints, though in more detail — and often with more nuance, if not much sympathy — than you’re likely to see in the conservative media."
Jim Geraghty, a writer for "National Review" and "National Review Online", wrote in his review of the book that "Freddoso one aspect of the Obama message, the idea that Obama is a reformer, and obliterates it in the manner of a professional demolitions crew." Geraghty also compared the book to Jerome Corsi's "The Obama Nation". "If Obama falls short of his presidential aspiration, his supporters will be quick to attribute it to 'false smears' in Corsi’s book," Geraghty predicted. "But any Obama defeat is more likely to be a result of the hard truths in Freddoso’s." Geraghty notes that David Freddoso thanks him in the book's acknowledgments section.
Alleged inaccuracies.
According to an Associated Press report, Freddoso's book "sometimes includes inaccurate or incomplete information" to back the argument that Obama's record should be opposed by conservatives and moderates. The report states that "Freddoso accuses Obama of voting to raise taxes on anyone with taxable income of more than $32,500." The nonpartisan watchdog group Factcheck.org (itself funded primarily by the Annenberg Foundation), notes that provision was part of a nonbinding budget resolution that had no actual impact on tax levels, and that Obama's tax proposals do not include any such increase." According to Factcheck.org: "...Obama's March 2008 vote for a non-binding budget resolution that would have set general revenue and spending targets for congressional tax-writing and appropriations committees. The resolution does not contain a specific provision to raise tax rates, but rather assumes that most of the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts expire as scheduled in 2011. It also bears no relation to Obama's proposed economic plan" and also "In particular, the (budget) resolution would allow the 25 percent tax bracket to return to its pre-2001 level of 28 percent. That bracket kicks in at $32,550 for an individual or $65,100 for a married couple."
Writing, publishing and publicizing the book.
Freddoso took a leave from his job with National Review Online to write the book. The author previously was a writer for "Human Events" and a political reporter for Robert Novak's "Evans-Novak Political Report".
The first press run of the book totaled nearly 300,000 copies, and it appeared on the August 24, 2008 New York Times Bestseller List for hardcover nonfiction at No. 5 (the list reflected sales for the week ending August 9, 2008; the "Times" stated that some book stores reported receiving bulk orders). Publicity for the book is handled by the conservative public relations firm Creative Response Concepts, headed by former Republican political official Greg Mueller. Creative Response Concepts also organized publicity for "Unfit for Command" by John O'Neill and Jerome Corsi, and for the 527 group Swift Boat Veterans for Truth during the 2004 United States presidential election.

</doc>
<doc id="18885216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885216" title="Jean-Joseph Perraud">
Jean-Joseph Perraud

Jean-Joseph Perraud (1819, Jura - 1876) was a French academic sculptor. According to Eaton, "During the Second Empire no sculptor enjoyed a greater reputation", although his style fell out of fashion soon after his death.
Perraud was a student at the École des Beaux-Arts from 1843 under Etienne-Jules Ramey and Augustin-Alexandre Dumont, co-winner of the Prix de Rome in 1847, officer in the Legion of Honor in 1867, and member of the Académie des Beaux-Arts. 
Perraud is buried at Montparnasse Cemetery. 
His work includes:

</doc>
<doc id="18885220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885220" title="The Birthday Present">
The Birthday Present

The Birthday Present is a 1957 British drama film directed by Pat Jackson. It stars Tony Britton, a top toy salesmen returning from a business trip to Germany with a watch hidden inside a toy, intended as a birthday present for his wife Sylvia Syms. He is caught by customs, arrested, and sentenced to three months in jail - in the process losing his job. The second half of the film involves him rebuilding his life.
It also featured Thorley Walters and Ian Bannen in small roles.

</doc>
<doc id="18885228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885228" title="Gillian Gregory">
Gillian Gregory

Gillian Gregory is an English dancer and choreographer for stage and film.
Gregory is a patron of the theatre charity The Music Hall Guild of Great Britain and America.

</doc>
<doc id="18885237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885237" title="Sexual selection in human evolution">
Sexual selection in human evolution

Sexual selection, a concept introduced by Charles Darwin in his 1859 book "On the Origin of Species", is an element of his theory of natural selection, the process by which biological traits become either more or less common in a population as a function of differential reproduction of their bearers.
Basics.
Charles Darwin described sexual selection as depending "on the advantage which certain individuals have over others of the same sex and species, solely in respect of reproduction". In animals, he saw the competition for advantage as occurring between males – the most successful of which were chosen by females. However, in humans, Darwin came to think the evidence pointed toward male choice; he believed sexual selection could explain otherwise puzzling features of the human species, including some aspects of appearance which vary geographically but seem to be trivial and superficial, such as beards.
Geoffrey Miller, drawing on some of Darwin's largely neglected ideas about human behavior, has hypothesized that many human behaviors not clearly tied to survival benefits, such as humor, music, visual art, verbal creativity, and some forms of altruism, are courtship adaptations that have been favored through sexual selection.
In that view, many human artefacts could be considered subject to sexual selection as part of the extended phenotype, for instance clothing that enhances sexually selected traits.
Some hypotheses about the evolution of the human brain argue that it is a sexually selected trait, as it would not confer enough fitness in itself relative to its high maintenance costs (a quarter to a fifth of the energy and oxygen consumed by a human). Related to this is vocabulary, where humans, on average, know far more words than are necessary for communication. Miller (2000) has proposed that this apparent redundancy is due to individuals using vocabulary to demonstrate their intelligence, and consequently their "fitness", to potential mates. This has been tested experimentally, and it appears that males do make greater use of lower-frequency (more unusual) words when in a romantic mindset compared to a non-romantic mindset, meaning that vocabulary is likely to be used as a sexual display (Rosenberg & Tunney, 2008).
The evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins has speculated that the loss of the penis bone in humans, when it is present in other primates, may be due to sexual selection by females looking for a clear sign of good health in prospective mates. Since a human erection relies on a hydraulic pumping system, erection failure is a sensitive early warning of certain kinds of physical and mental ill health.
However, sexual selection's role in human evolution cannot be definitively established, as features may result from an equilibrium among competing selective pressures, some involving sexual selection, others natural selection, and others pleiotropy. In the words of Richard Dawkins:
The German anthropologist Ferdinand Fellmann has proposed a modified form of sexual selection, termed "emotional selection,“ as the pivot in human emotional evolution. The survival edge is due to the talent of humans for long-term mating, which allows to have feelings about feelings: the origin of human consciousness.
Darwin's hypothesis.
Charles Darwin conjectured that the male beard, as well as the hairlessness of humans compared to nearly all other mammals, are results of sexual selection. He reasoned that since the bodies of females are more nearly hairless, the loss of fur was due to sexual selection of females at a remote prehistoric time when males had overwhelming selective power, and that it nonetheless affected males due to genetic correlation between the sexes. He also hypothesized that contrasts in sexual selection acting along with natural selection were significant factors in the geographical differentiation in human appearance of some isolated groups as he did not believe that natural selection alone provided a satisfactory answer. Although not explicit, his observation that in Khoisan women "the posterior part of the body projects in a most wonderful manner" implies sexual selection for this characteristic. In the "Descent of Man", Darwin viewed many physical traits which vary around the world as being so trivial to survival that he concluded some input from sexual selection was required to account for their presence. He noted that variation in these features among the various peoples of the world meant human mate-choice criteria would also have to be quite different if the focus was similar, and he himself doubted that, citing reports indicating that ideals of beauty did not, in fact, vary in this way around the world.
Sexual dimorphism.
Men are generally hairier than women, and Darwin was of the opinion that hairlessness was related to sexual selection; however, several other explanations have been advanced to explain human hairlessness, a leading one is loss of body hair to facilitate sweating. This idea closely relates to that of the suggested need for increased photoprotection and is part of the most-commonly-accepted scientific explanation for the evolution of pigmentary traits.
Sexual selection is impossible to prove, as features may result from an equilibrium among competing selective pressures, some involving sexual selection, others natural selection, and some may be accidental and due to pleiotropy. For example monogamous primates are known to typically exhibit little sexual dimorphism such as particularly large males armed with huge canines; however, powerful big-toothed males can provide protection against predators and may be bigger for that reason rather than in order to win confrontations over females. Males and females differing in size can specialize in, and more fully exploit, different food resources while avoiding competing with each other; furthermore, body size can be useful in avoiding predators and may also be of assistance in securing a mate. This is further complicated by the consideration that with larger body size, the skeleton of mammals becomes much more robust and massive (relatively speaking). Bearing these caveats in mind, levels of sexual dimorphism are generally seen as a marker of sexual selection. Studies have shown the earliest homininae were highly dimorphic and that this tendency lessened over the course of human evolution, suggesting humans have became more monogamous. In contrast, gorillas living in harems exhibit a much stronger sexual dimorphism (see: homininae).
A study found that there is an evolutionary trend for men to have relatively shorter upper faces, and suggested that this trait may have been caused by sexual selection, possibly because women have preferred men who looked masculine but not aggressive.
Sexual anatomy.
The theory of sexual selection has been used to explain a number of human anatomical features. These include rounded breasts, facial hair, pubic hair and penis size. The breasts of primates are flat, yet are able to produce sufficient milk for feeding their young. The breasts of non-lactating human females are filled with fatty tissue and not milk. Thus it has been suggested the rounded female breasts are signals of fertility. The evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins has speculated that the loss of the penis bone in humans, when it is present in other primates, may be due to sexual selection by females looking for an honest advertisement of good health in prospective mates. Since a human erection relies on a hydraulic pumping system, erection failure is a sensitive early warning of certain kinds of physical and mental ill health. 
"Homo" also has by far the largest penis of the great apes, and this may be sexually selected in much the same way as the larger testicles of "Pan". It has been suggested the evolution of the human penis towards larger size was the result of female choice rather than sperm competition because sperm competition generally favors large testicles and a small penis, as in the chimpanzee. However, penis size may have been subject to natural selection, rather than sexual selection, due to a larger penis' efficiency in displacing the sperm of rival males during intercourse. A model study showed displacement of semen was directly proportional to the depth of thrusting, as an efficient semen displacement device.
Culture.
Geoffrey Miller, drawing on some of Darwin's largely neglected ideas about human behaviour, has hypothesized that human culture arose through a process of sexual selection. He argues that cultural traits such as art, music, dance, verbal creativity and humour are of no survival value. Miller is critical of theories that imply that human culture arose as accidents or by-products of human evolution. He believes that human culture arose through sexual selection for creative traits. In that view, many human artifacts could be considered subject to sexual selection as part of the extended phenotype, for instance clothing that enhance sexually selected traits. During human evolution, on at least two occasions, hominid brain size increased rapidly over a short period of time followed by a period of stasis. The first period of brain expansion occurred 2.5 million years ago, when "Homo habilis" first began using stone tools. The second period occurred 500,000 years ago, with the emergence of archaic "Homo sapiens". Miller argues that the rapid increases in brain size would have occurred by a positive feedback loop resulting in runaway selection for larger brains. Tor Nørretranders, in "The Generous Man" conjectures how intelligence, musicality, artistic and social skills, and language might have evolved as an example of the handicap principle, analogously with the peacock's tail, the standard example of that principle. Another hypothesis proposes that human intelligence is a courtship indicator of health and resistance against parasites and pathogens which are deleterious to human cognitive capabilities.
Anthropologists believe that "male genitalia ...represent a critical target of sexual selection for fertilization efficiency and sperm competition" and so have developed theories as to why about 25% of societies practice some form of male genital mutilation. Recently, Charles Wilson of Cornell University suggests that in societies where competition among males is acute, male genital mutilation reduces the threat of conflict for female mates, and so a young man who accepts male genital mutilation "gains immediate access to social and sexual privileges that are suggested to outweigh the cost of the male genital mutilation itself." 
The same author indicates that female genital mutilation (FGM) may play a similar paradoxical role:
Phenotype.
Sexual selection has continued to be suggested as a possible explanation for geographical variation in appearance within the human species; in modern hypotheses, marriage practices are proposed as the main determinant of sexual selection. John Manning suggests that where polygyny is common, men face intense competition for wives and are more likely to be completely unsuccessful in reproducing, and the result is strong selection of males for traits which are adaptive for successful reproduction. He proposes a link to skin color through selection of males for testosterone-mediated traits which confer an ability to successfully compete for females. He suggests testosterone makes the human immune system less competent to resist pathogens. In this view the antimicrobial properties of melanin help mitigate the susceptibility to disease that polygyny induces by increasing testosteronization. According to this argument, the anti-infective qualities of melanin were more important than protection from ultraviolet light in the evolution of the darkest skin types. Manning asserts that skin color is more correlated with the occurrence of polygyny – explicable by it having an antimicrobial function – than the latitudinal gradient in intensity of ultraviolet radiation, and he points to the lack of very dark skin at equatorial latitudes of the New World and the relatively light skin of Khoisan people in Africa.
Research seems to contradict Manning's explanation about skin color. In 1978, NASA launched the Total Ozone Mapping Spectrometer, which was able to measure the ultraviolet radiation reaching Earth's surface. Jablonski and Chaplin took the spectrometer's global ultraviolet measurements and compared them with published data on skin color in indigenous populations from more than 50 countries. There was an unmistakable correlation: The weaker the ultraviolet light, the fairer the skin. Rogers "et al." (2004) performed an examination of the variation in MC1R nucleotide sequences for people of different ancestry and compared the sequences of chimpanzees and humans from various regions of the Earth. Rogers concluded that, at the time of the evolutionary separation of chimpanzees and humans, the common ancestors of all humans had light skin that was covered by dark hair. Additionally, our closest extant relative, the chimpanzee, has light skin covered by thick body hair. Over time human hair disappeared to allow better heat dissipation through sweating and the skin tone grew darker to increase the epidermal permeability barrier and protect from folate depletion due to the increased exposure to sunlight. When humans started to migrate away from the tropics, there was less-intense sunlight, partly due to clothing to protect against cold weather. Under these conditions there was less photodestruction of folate, and so the evolutionary pressure stopping lighter-skinned gene variants from surviving was reduced. In addition, lighter skin is able to generate more vitamin D (cholecalciferol) than darker skin, so it would have represented a health benefit in reduced sunlight if there were limited sources of vitamin D. The genetic mutations leading to light skin experienced selective pressure due to settlement in northern latitudes.
Peter Frost, has proposed that sexual selection was responsible for the evolution of pigmentary traits of women in Northern and Eastern European populations. He contends that the diversity of hair and eye color in Northeast European populations originated as a consequence of intense female-female competition, and is an adaptation for reproductive success in women.
Controversies.
The role of sexual selection in human evolution has been considered controversial from the moment of publication of Darwin's book on sexual selection (1871). Among his vocal critics were some of Darwin's supporters (for example, Alfred Wallace). Darwin was accused of looking to the evolution of early human ancestors through the moral codes of the 19th century Victorian society. Joan Roughgarden, citing many elements of sexual behavior in animals and humans, that cannot be explained by the sexual-selection model, suggested that the function of sex in human evolution was primarily social. Joseph Jordania recently suggested that in explaining such human morphological and behavioral characteristics as singing, dancing, body painting, wearing of clothes, Darwin (and proponents of sexual selection) totally neglected another important evolutionary force, intimidation of predators and competitors with the ritualized forms of warning display. Warning display uses virtually the same arsenal of visual, audio, olfactory and behavioral features as sexual selection. According to the principle of aposematism (warning display), in order to avoid costly physical violence and to replace violence with the ritualized forms of display, many animal species (including humans) use different forms of warning display: visual signals (contrastive body colors, eyespots, body ornaments, threat display and various postures to look bigger), audio signals (hissing, growling, group vocalizations, drumming on external objects), olfactory signals (producing strong body odors, particularly when excited or scared), behavioral signals (demonstratively slow walking, aggregation in large groups, aggressive display behavior against predators and conspecific competitors). According to Jordania, most of these warning displays were incorrectly attributed to the forces of sexual selection. Jordana proposed an aposematic model of human evolution, where most of the human morphological and behavioral features that had been considered by Darwin as the result of sexual selection, via female choice, are explained by the aposematic (intimidating) display. Rather than sexual selection, the alternate concept is self-selection and rejection of the weak, as survival of the loudest.

</doc>
<doc id="18885238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885238" title="SWAPO Party Youth League">
SWAPO Party Youth League

The SWAPO Party Youth League (SPYL) is the youth wing of the SWAPO Party, the ruling party of Namibia. It shares the same principles as those of SWAPO Party. SPYL sees itself as serving as an "active, revolutionary, and militant transmitting belt of the SWAPO Party ideology."

</doc>
<doc id="18885248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885248" title="Forgiven (Within Temptation song)">
Forgiven (Within Temptation song)

"Forgiven" is the fourth single from the Dutch symphonic metal/rock band Within Temptation's fourth album "The Heart of Everything". It was released to promote their upcoming DVD, "Black Symphony" as well as being a single from the album. The song itself is a piano driven ballad with orchestral elements.
Music video.
The video for "Forgiven" is similar to that of "Jillian (I'd Give My Heart)," which is made up of footage of The Silent Force Tour. "Forgiven" features highlights of Black Symphony, which is based on the fact that "Forgiven" is a promotional single for the concert DVD. As there is a radio edit of the song, the music video portrays only the edit rather than the full-length version.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Forgiven".
A single containing only the first two tracks was planned, but eventually not released.

</doc>
<doc id="18885286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885286" title="Fèis Bharraigh">
Fèis Bharraigh

Fèis Bharraigh begun in 1981 with the mission to promote, encourage, foster and develop the practice and study of the Scottish Gaelic language, literature, music, drama and culture on the islands of Barra and Vatersay. The Fèis movement came about when a group of parents and other individuals on the Isle of Barra became concerned that local traditions were dying out and that island children were not being taught traditional music in the context of formal education. This first Fèis, which means "festival" in Gaelic, laid down the path for many more Fèisean, inspired by the success of the first Fèis, to spring up around Scotland with each one community led and tailored to local needs. Today there are 41 Fèisean in Scotland.
In 2007, Fèis Bharraigh launched "BarraFest - Live @ the Edge", a weekend festival of traditional and modern Scottish music held on the Tangasdale machair. BarraFest 2008 was held on 25-26 July.

</doc>
<doc id="18885292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885292" title="Willem Benjamin Craan">
Willem Benjamin Craan

Willem Benjamin Craan (Batavia, 23 August 1776 — Schaerbeek, 16 June 1848) was a Dutch (and later Belgian) surveyor and cartographer, who is best known for his 1816 map of the battlefield of the Battle of Waterloo in which he provided the initial dispositions of all armies concerned, based on information gleaned from many participants in the battle from all sides.
Biography.
Early career.
Craan was born in the Dutch East Indies, a colony of the Dutch East India Company in those days. He was the son of Jacobus Johannes Craan and Johanna Henriëtte Breekpot. His father was an "opperkoopman" (chief merchant), employed by the company. He married Joanna Frederika Hahn on 4 October 1795 in Hillegom. Craan studied at Leiden University and obtained a doctorate in law on 27 August 1795 (the Batavian Republic had just been established). He was not very interested in the law profession, however, dedicating himself in the next fifteen years to mathematical studies and music.
When he found himself in Aix-la-Chapelle in December, 1810, he was appointed by the local prefect to the position of cadastral surveyor for the "département de la Roer" (one of the "départements" of the First French Empire to which the Netherlands had by then been annexed). He performed so well in this function that the next year he was promoted and put in charge of the Cadastre of the "département de la Lippe" (in Germany).
The fall of the Empire in 1814 put him out of work, so he travelled to Brussels, then the capital of the former Austrian Netherlands, which now were about to become part of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands. The Sovereign Prince of the Netherlands (the future king William I of the Netherlands) appointed him as chief of the Cadastre of the department of the Dyle on 21 October 1814.
Map of the Battle of Waterloo.
On 18 June 1815 the Battle of Waterloo was fought. As the battlefield was close to Brussels, and many wounded of all armies were taken to that city, Craan was able to interview many prominent French and Allied wounded officers about their experiences during the battle. On the basis of information gained in this way he published a detailed map of the battle, with an explanatory note in September 1816, under the title "Plan du champ de bataille de Waterloo, avec notice historique". In the explanatory note he mentions the names of generals Mouton, Lobau, Excelmans and Gérard on the French side. He also mentions a number of high British, Dutch-Belgian and Prussian officers, though he does not give their names. Colonel François Aimé Mellinet (chief-of-staff of the Young Guard Division) advised him on the map, as did "a number of Prussian generals" to whom he was introduced by Prince Frederick of the Netherlands. The Prince of Orange, who had commanded an army corps at the battle later viewed the map and approved of it (as did the Duke of Wellington). Finally, Emperor Alexander I of Russia was so enamored of the map that he presented Craan with a precious ring.
The map and explanatory note are still relevant, because they contradict a number of "facts" that have been assumed by many historians about the battle. For instance, though in many accounts of the battle the Dutch-Belgian Bijlandt brigade is assumed to have stood "in front of" a ridge (and so exposed to the opening bombardment of the French artillery), Craan's map shows the brigade "behind" the ridge (which is commensurate with the after-battle report of the chief-of-staff of the 2nd Netherlands Division, of which the Bijlandt brigade was a part).
Introduction of Lithography.
Craan is also credited with having introduced the printing technique of Lithography in Belgium in 1817. A brother of the inventor of the technique, Alois Senefelder, visited Brussels in that year. He soon left for The Hague, but left his son-in-law and together with that gentleman Craan put the new print shop on a sure footing. This helped convince the minister of Public Education, Anton Reinhard Falck, of its value. Though Craan soon shifted his attention to other subjects, this early support helped to establish the technique in Belgium.
City plan of Brussels and other scientific contributions.
In the 18th century the science of surveying made rapid advances, and many countries were completely overlaid with triangles, using the surveying method of triangulation. In the United Kingdom of the Netherlands such a survey was partially completed by general Krayenhoff, but the Belgian Revolution prevented its completion in Belgium. Craan helped to give new impetus to this effort. His main contribution was his "Plan géométrique de la ville de Bruxelles avec ses faubourgs et communes limitrophes" (in 4 folios, 1836). He had made the measurements for this city plan already in 1821.
Craan also helped establish the first series of meteorological measurements in Belgium by starting barometric soundings on the steeple of the Brussels city hall in 1825.
Craan died in 1848, survived by a wife and daughter: Virginie Frederique Wilhelmine Aspasia. The latter, known in Brussels as "la belle hollandaise", was married to major-general Willem Frederik van Bylandt, the commander of the Bijlandt brigade at Waterloo.

</doc>
<doc id="18885319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885319" title="Best (film)">
Best (film)

Best is a 2000 British film portraying the football career of the Northern Irish soccer star George Best, particularly his years spent at Manchester United. It was directed by Mary McGuckian.
Awards.
Ft. Launderdale International Film Festival.
Best Actor - John Lynch (tied with Dirk Roofthooft & Pleure pas Germaine)
Temecula Valley International Film Festival.
Best Foreign Film - Mary McGuckain

</doc>
<doc id="18885336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885336" title="3rd Degree (game show)">
3rd Degree (game show)

3rd Degree is an American game show that aired in syndication from September 11, 1989 to June 8, 1990 (with repeats airing until September 7). The series was hosted by Bert Convy, while Bob Hilton served as announcer. It was the final game show hosted by Convy (although he was slated to host the 1990 edition of "Match Game" for ABC), who died thirteen months after the series was cancelled. 
The show was produced by Burt & Bert Productions, Kline & Friends, in association with Lorimar Television, and distributed by Warner Bros. Television. The series was similar to the Goodson-Todman panel games "What's My Line?" and "Make the Connection". 3rd Degree was taped at Studio 31 at CBS Television City in Hollywood.
Premise.
A panel of four celebrities who were split into two teams (two men, two women) faced a team of two contestants who have a special relationship between them. Two rounds were played for each civilian team; in each round, each team of celebrities had a limited time to question the contestants (or give them "the third degree", hence the name of the show). In the first round, each team of celebrities had one minute to question the contestants, and in the second round, the time was cut to 30 seconds.
When the time was up, the celebrity team in control then got to guess the relationship (or when Bert Convy asked the question, "What's the relationship?" when they were getting close to the correct relationship). An incorrect guess awarded $250 to the contestants, and stumping the panel completely won $2,000.
Pilot.
Peter Marshall hosted the pilot, but was forced out after Bert Convy left his other show "Win, Lose or Draw" to make room for new host Robb Weller. Marshall sued in retaliation, but dropped his claim after Bert was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor.

</doc>
<doc id="18885348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885348" title="Platteville Municipal Airport">
Platteville Municipal Airport

Platteville Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Platteville, a city in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned PVB by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA.
Facilities and aircraft.
Platteville Municipal Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 1,024 feet (312 m) above mean sea level. It has two asphalt paved runways: 15/33 is 4,000 by 75 feet (1,219 x 23 m); 7/25 is 3,600 by 75 feet (1,097 x 23 m).
A Non-directional beacon was located at the facility, 203 kHz, ident PVB. However, the NDB was decommissioned in 2011.
Fixed base operator: Hughes Aviation
For the 12-month period ending June 22, 2006, the airport had 13,550 aircraft operations, an average of 37 per day: 96% general aviation, 4% air taxi and <1% military. At that time there were 25 aircraft based at this airport: 92% single-engine, 4% multi-engine and 4% ultralight.

</doc>
<doc id="18885401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885401" title="Villota">
Villota

Villota may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18885423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885423" title="Reid School (Bend, Oregon)">
Reid School (Bend, Oregon)

The Reid School is a historic school building in Bend, Oregon, United States. Built in 1914, it was the first modern school building constructed in Bend. The school was named in honor of Ruth Reid, Bend's first school principal. The building remained part of the public school district until 1979, when ownership was transferred to Deschutes County for use as a local history museum. Today, the Reid School is the home of the Des Chutes Historical Museum. Because of its unique architecture and importance to the history of Bend, the Reid School is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
Bend's first schoolhouse was opened in 1887. It was located in an abandoned cabin near the Deschutes River in what is now Drake Park. That schoolhouse was replaced in 1904 by a three-story wood-frame school building located at the north end of Bend's downtown area, near where the Deschutes County Court House is located today. Ruth Reid became the first principal of the 1904 school.
In 1913, the people of Bend passed a school bond issue that provided $23,000 for the purchase of property and the construction of a modern public school. The school district purchased several downtown lots on the corner of Wall Street and Idaho Avenue from The Bend Company, and one adjacent lot from a local family, to create a building site. 
A three-story school was built on the site in 1914. The new school accommodated students from first grade through high school. It was named in honor of Ruth Reid, and she continued as principal in the new school, overseeing 241 students. Because the Great Northern and Union Pacific railroads had opened routes into Central Oregon in 1911, the community was growing rapidly. As a result, 42 of the 241 children who attended the Reid School in 1914 were new students. The Reid School continued to serve as an important part of Bend's public school system for the next 65 years. During that time, Bend grew from fewer than 1,000 citizens to more than 16,000. 
In 1979, ownership of the school building was transferred from the Bend School District to Deschutes County. The county in turn, agreed to lease the building to the Deschutes County Historical Society for use as a local history museum. The historical society raised money to renovate the Reid School, and then filled the new museum with exhibits from the society's collection of artifacts gathered from around Central Oregon. Oregon Governor Victor Atiyeh dedicated the Des Chutes Historical Center on July 4, 1980.
In 2002, exterior windows were replaced, an elevator was installed, and the building's heating and cooling systems were upgraded to create a modern museum facility. Today, the center has exhibits on pioneer life, logging, forestry, transportation, education, and Native American culture. Its history library is open to the public and a small bookstore features works on Central Oregon history.
Because of the school's unique architecture and its importance to the history of Bend, the Reid School was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Structure.
The Reid School is a classic Richardsonian Romanesque building designed by Sweatt, Levesque and Company, an architecture firm from Spokane, Washington. Ed and George Brosterhous were the general contractors who supervised the school's construction. The school was built in the center of a parcel in downtown Bend, facing Idaho Avenue. It is surrounded by lawn with concrete walkways leading to the front door. There are a number of large Ponderosa pine trees that shade the grounds, giving the area a park-like atmosphere. 
The Reid School was built as a modern education facility with ten classrooms, an auditorium, a central heating system, built-in electric clocks, drinking fountains, indoor plumbing, and an external fire escape system. The interior of the school is characterized by high ceilings, steep stairways, and large high-bay windows that provide natural light to the classrooms. The interior walls are lath and plaster, and are still in good condition. The original doors, moldings, and window casings are also in good condition. The original plumbing fixtures are still in use. The original boiler heating system is intact, but is no longer used.
Ruth Reid Overturf.
Reid School's namesake, Ruth Reid, was born in New Brunswick, Canada. She came to Bend in 1904 to teach school. Besides becoming Bend's first school principal, she helped found the city's high school in 1908. 
In 1910, Miss Reid married James Harrison Overturf, the office manager for the Drake Development Company. In 1916, the couple built a two-story American Craftsman-style home near the Deschutes River in what is now the Drake Park Neighborhood Historic District. The Overturfs remained in Bend until 1953, when they moved to Hood River, Oregon. Ruth Reid Overturf died in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="18885446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885446" title="Sterling Wescott">
Sterling Wescott

Sterling Wescott (born January 30, 1972 in Aurora, Colorado) is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who played in the USISL, National Professional Soccer League, World Indoor Soccer League, Major Indoor Soccer League and two games with D.C. United in Major League Soccer. He has coached at the high school and professional levels.
Youth.
Wescott grew up in Aurora, Colorado, attending Smoky Hill High School where he was a four year starter and three-time All State on the boys’ soccer team. He graduated from high school in the spring of 1990 and entered Fresno State University that fall. From 1990 to 1994, he played for the Fresno State Bulldogs soccer team. He graduated in 1995 with a bachelors degree in physical education and teaching.
Professional.
In the summer of 1994, Wescott trained with F.C. Laufen, an amateur Swiss team. He turned professional in 1995 with the Hawaii Tsunami of the USISL. That fall, he signed with the Wichita Wings of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL). He remained with the Wings through the 1998-1999 season. On February 7, 1996, D.C. United selected Wescott in the 14th round (140th overall) in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. He played two games with United, then was placed on waivers on May 3, 1996. He then signed with the Hampton Roads Mariners of the USISL. In the summer of 1997, he played for the Colorado Foxes of the USISL A-League. From 1999 to 2000, Wescott played for the Utah Freezz in the World Indoor Soccer League. In 2001, he signed with the Utah Blitzz of the USISL, winning the 2001 championship. On July 23, 2003, the St. Louis Steamers of the Major Indoor Soccer League selected Wescott in the eighth round of the Expansion Draft. He played for the Steamers until the folded following the 2005-2006 seasons. In September 2006, the Chicago Storm selected Wescott in the fifth round of the 2006 MISL Dispersal Draft, but Wescott chose to retire and did not sign with the Storm.
Coach.
Wescott’s coaching career began in 1993 when he joined the Clovis Soccer Club, a youth club in Clovis, California. In 1994, he became the head coach of the Clovis West High School soccer team. As he moved from team to team as a player, he would move to other clubs and high schools. In 1997, he was an assistant coach with Smoky Hill High School, his alma mater. In 1999, he entered the Olympic Development Program as a coach and evaluator, holding that position until 2003. In 2004, he spent one season as the head coach of the St. Louis Strikers in the fourth division Premier Development League. He is currently the Coaching Director for youth club Missouri Premier in St. Louis, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="18885460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885460" title="Words (Anthony David song)">
Words (Anthony David song)

"Words" is a song by American R&B singer-songwriter Anthony David, from his third studio album "Acey Duecy". It features fellow contemporary R&B singer-songwriter India.Arie. The song peaked at #53 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, since its release. The song was nominated for a Grammy for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18885483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885483" title="Cassi Davis">
Cassi Davis

Cassandra "Cassi" Davis (born July 11, 1964) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Ella Payne on "Tyler Perry's House of Payne". Davis has done extensive work with director and writer Tyler Perry, and has played many roles in his various productions. She also has appeared in several stage plays.
Life and career.
Born in Holly Springs, Mississippi, Davis' acting career began in 1988 with her role in the Spike Lee film "School Daze". Her early television credits include appearances on "Living Single", "Married... with Children", "Kenan & Kel", "Boycott", and "The PJ's". She established her acting career by appearing in Tyler Perry productions such as "Madea's Family Reunion", "Madea Goes to Jail", "Daddy's Little Girls", and "Tyler Perry's House of Payne".
Davis attended Spelman College in Atlanta and majored in music. She left the college one credit short of graduation, because she was not allowed to perform religious music during her senior recital. Davis returned to Spelman in 2008 to complete her degree, graduating in November of that year.
She has credited her devout, born-again Christian faith as the main reason behind her professional success.

</doc>
<doc id="18885506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885506" title="Bald Mountain (Pennsylvania)">
Bald Mountain (Pennsylvania)

Bald Mountain is a prominent peak in Lackawanna County which stands above the Wilkes-Barre and Scranton area and the Wyoming Valley. On the summit is an outcrop of Catskill conglomerate (Devonian age) known as the "Pinnacle Rock". From the summit you may view the northernmost extension of the geologic province known as the Glaciated Low Plateaus section. The mountain itself is in the Ridge and Valley Appalachians. It is a great place for photography.
To access the summit you can take the Pinnacle Rock trail. The trailhead is on the west side of the mountain and is a nine hundred foot vertical gain.
References.
Alan R. Geyer (1979) ""Outstanding Geologic Features of Pennsylvania"", Geological Survey of Pennsylvania

</doc>
<doc id="18885511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885511" title="Ted Solotaroff">
Ted Solotaroff

Theodore "Ted" Solotaroff (October 9, 1928 – August 8, 2008) was an American writer, editor and literary critic.
Biography.
Born into a working-class Jewish family in Elizabeth, New Jersey, Solotaroff attended the University of Michigan, graduating in 1952, and did graduate work at the University of Chicago, where he became friends with Philip Roth and dedicated himself to literature. He was an editor at "Commentary" from 1960 to 1966, then in 1967 founded "The New American Review", which was an influential literary journal for the decade of its existence. After it folded, he became an editor at Harper & Row, where he edited works by Russell Banks, Sue Miller, Robert Bly, Bobbie Ann Mason, and others. "In 1989, when Rupert Murdoch bought Harper & Row, Solotaroff began to do less editing and more writing. He left the book business with a parting shot at what he labeled 'the literary-industrial complex.'"
He said of the effect of the 1960s on him and his work:he market for serious writing cracked open in the Sixties and soon became a kind of howling forum where all
manners of ideas, styles and standards contended for attention. As the literary climate altered radically, there was a distinct shift among writers and editors from a preoccupation with values as the ground of experience to a preoccupation with experience as the ground of values—a shift that was, of course, to be felt everywhere in America as the decade of opposition and revision careened along. For those, like myself, who entered the Sixties wedded to their values, the more or less standard ones of academic liberalism and humanism, but quite out of touch with their own experience, this breaking of the ice was alternately exhilarating and dismaying: one felt stirred but also swamped.
Death.
He died at his home in East Quogue, New York from complications from pneumonia, aged 79. He was survived by his fourth wife (of 28 years), Virginia Heiserman Solotaroff. Ted Solotaroff is survived by his four sons. He was also survived by a brother, Robert Solotaroff of Minneapolis, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="18885525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885525" title="Nací Orishas">
Nací Orishas

"Nací Orishas" (also credited as "Naci Orishas") is a 2005 single by the Cuban band Orishas from their album "El Kilo"

</doc>
<doc id="18885528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885528" title="Cannon Young">
Cannon Young

Cannon Young (born October 3, 1989) is a voice actor. His credits include Chomper in the fifth Land Before Time film, , and several episodes of the 1994 Spider-Man television series.

</doc>
<doc id="18885535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885535" title="Cassia National Forest">
Cassia National Forest

Cassia National Forest was established as the Cassia Forest Reserve in Idaho by the U.S. Forest Service on June 12, 1905 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 it was combined with Raft River National Forest to establish Minidoka National Forest, when the name was discontinued. The land is now part of Sawtooth National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="18885544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885544" title="Rush Run, Ohio">
Rush Run, Ohio

Rush Run is an unincorporated community in Jefferson County, Ohio, United States. It is mainly around the area of Rush Run Road also known as County Road 17. It is named for David Rush who settled in that area in 1798.
It is not related to or near the Rush Run Wildlife Area near Middletown, Ohio.
An early settler in that area - James Maxwell who built a cabin near Rush Run in 1772. Maxwell was cousin to Ebenezer Zane, fled to this area to avoid prosecution for a murder. He was later proven innocent. Maxwell lived in the area for two years but returned to Virginia because of the increasing threat of American Indian uprisings. He returned to Rush Run in 1780 with his young wife, Sally.
In 1910 Rush Run coal mines #1, 2 and 3 had a 5 foot #8 coal seam had a daily output of 2000 tons. There is no active mining in the area at this time.
Rush Run was the birthplace of Baseball Hall of Famer Bill Mazeroski. A length of nearby Ohio State Route 7 bears his name.
Education.
There was a once a school in the area but now, public education in Rush Run is provided by the Buckeye Local School District.
Churches.
There are two churches on Rush Run: The Hopewell Methodist Church, and the Rush Run Community Chapel, an independent congregation.
It is home to the Hopewell United Methodist Church and cemetery. This site is recorded in 1785 by The American General Butler who refers to "The Sect called Methodists. In 1787 Circuit rider George Callahan preached the first Methodist sermon of record in the Northwest Territory. in 1798 the First Methodist Church in Eastern Ohio was built at Hopewell. In 1803 the first ordination in Ohio, of record, Bishop Francis Asbury ordained Rev. John Wrinshall on September 10, 1803 in Hopewell Church. In 1803 the First Methodist Meeting house in eastern Ohio was consecrated here by Bishop Francis Asbury September,11. The log church became too small by the growing congregation and was replaced in 1844 by a brick structure. The Ohio Conference cane was carved from logs from the original structure. The cane is presented to the oldest United Methodist minister in a ceremony at Annual Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="18885547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885547" title="Entre Ríos (band)">
Entre Ríos (band)

Entre Ríos is an Argentine indietronica band originally formed in Buenos Aires by Sebastián Carreras, Gabriel Lucena and Isol (Marisol Misenta) in 2000. They became popular when the song "Hoy no" was used in a Quilmes spot.
In 2005 Isol left the group the release of their album "Onda". She was replaced by Paula Meijide, who was part of the band until 2006. In 2008, Rosario Ortega and Romina Dangelo joined Entre Ríos as the vocalist and drummer respectively.
They have performed many gigs around Spain and Latin America, and were a big influence for other groups such as Miranda! and Belanova.

</doc>
<doc id="18885559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885559" title="Paul Avila Mayer">
Paul Avila Mayer

Paul Avila Mayer (May 28, 1928 - July 10, 2009) was an American television writer and producer. His father was the late screen writer Edwin Justus Mayer, and his daughter is director Daisy von Scherler Mayer.
Awards and nominations.
Mayer was nominated for ten Daytime Emmy Awards in the categories Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series and Outstanding Daytime Drama Series, for his work on "Ryan's Hope". He was nominated annually except for 1982, from 1977 to 1984, and won eight times in 1977, 1978, 1979, 1980, 1983, and 1984. His first win was shared with Claire Labine and Mary Ryan Munisteri, while his first nomination was shared with Labine and Robert Costello.
After "Ryan's Hope".
According to an interview with co-creator Claire Labine, after the show's cancellation in 1989, Paul went back to school at the age of 56. He earned a Master of Social Work degree and then studied at a psychoanalytic institute, launching a successful career as a psychoanalyst. Mayer died on July 10, 2009 of a brain tumor.

</doc>
<doc id="18885566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885566" title="Ioan Moţa">
Ioan Moţa

Ioan Moţa (Nojag, Hunedoara County, 15 December 1868 - Bucharest, 20 November 1940) was a Romanian priest and journalist. Moţa is buried at Orăştie. 
In March 1917, Moţa was a member of a group of exiled Romanian Habsburg subjects who were sent as a delegation to the United States to champion Romania's cause. 

</doc>
<doc id="18885570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885570" title="The Katies">
The Katies

The Katies were a three-piece, power-pop band from Murfreesboro, TN from approximately 1996-2007.
History.
Jason Moore (guitar, vocals) and Gary Welch (bass, vocals) had previously been in a Murfreesboro band called A Million Worlds. Once A Million Worlds dissolved, Jason and Gary began a new band—the Katies—named after Jason's sister in-law. 
The duo recruited friends from local band Fluid Ounces for their rhythm section and began playing gigs around town, but didn't achieve a permanent lineup until Moore's younger brother Josh was recruited as their drummer. The first lineup of the band featured Fluid Ounces members Seth Timbs (piano) and Sam Baker (drums), and Mac Burrus (guitar.) Jason and Mac had previously been in Murfreesboro rock band The Plain. The band played with this lineup for a few shows around Murfreesboro.
Eventually, Seth Timbs and Sam Baker bowed out to concentrate on Fluid Ounces, so the band continued with Jason Moore, Gary Welch, and Mac Burrus. After a terrible accident which resulted in Mac breaking his neck, the band was put on hold. Around this time, Jason convinced his younger brother, Josh, to leave their hometown of Clinton, Tennessee and move to Murfreesboro—to play drums for the Katies—as soon as he graduated high-school.
While waiting for Josh to graduate, the band continued to play sporadic dates around Murfreesboro and Nashville, with Mac Burrus now playing a Fender Rhodes. Mac eventually left the band, accepting an offer to play bass for Matt Mahaffey's band, Self.
With Josh now living in Murfreesboro, the band's sound grew—and changed—as a power trio. With Jason's sugary-sweet, instantly memorable hooks, Gary's fuzzed-out bass and distinctive harmonies, and Josh's ferocious drumming, the band began writing their own brand of radio-friendly, melodic power-pop-influenced as much by classic rock bands like the Beatles, Led Zeppelin, and The Heartbreakers—as they were by more contemporary bands like The Pixies and Supergrass. Lyrically, Jason set himself apart from his contemporaries by writing about decidedly personal themes like spirituality and the love for his wife. 
The band began to make a name for themselves around town and started to draw a following, playing with local bands like Self, The Features, and Fluid Ounces. The Katies then cut a series of demos with local producer Brian Carter (now referred to as "The Carter Sessions"). These demos caught the ear of Rick Williams, who had just launched local indie label Spongebath Records, along with Matt Mahaffey and Seth Timbs.
Williams eventually signed the band to Spongebath. The band then recorded another batch of demos with Carter ("The Carter Sessions Volume 2"). These demos, along with the band's ear-splitting and energetic live show, resulted in major label interest. The band ultimately inked a deal that would give both Elektra Records and Spongebath a co-label release for the Katies' major label debut. 
The band recorded their debut album, "The Katies", in 1998 with Nashville producer Joe Baldridge at the helm. Their first single, "Noggin' Poundin'," was a strong, crowd-favorite album track with as radio-ready a chorus Elektra could have asked for. The album was released on July 13, 1999, the same day as labelmates Self-released "Breakfast with Girls". To celebrate the co-releases, the band played a sold-out, widely bootlegged show with Self at Nashville club The Exit/In. 
Although reviews for "The Katies" (and the "Noggin' Poundin'" single itself) were universally positive, neither Spongebath nor Elektra marketed or promoted the album effectively, and sales were lackluster. However, the band continued to tour tirelessly around the Southeast, promoting the album and continuing to write and record. They had a minor radio hit with the infectious single "Noggin' Poundin." During this time, the Katies opened for bands like The Verve Pipe and Lynyrd Skynyrd. 
In the aftermath of the album release, Elektra dropped the band, and the Katies ultimately left Spongebath Records. The band continued to gig and recorded more promising demos with Brent Rawlings, whose brother, Jason, was the drummer for Self.
In 2001, the band recorded a new EP with Matt Mahaffey at his studio in Los Angeles. Encouraged by Matt and the positive response to their EP, the band relocated to Los Angeles permanently. After a year of playing shows in the L.A. area, Gary Welch, missing his family and son, decided to move back to Tennessee. Jason and Josh, however, decided to stay in L.A. The Katies, essentially, had ended.
By 2005, both Jason and Josh had moved back to the Nashville area as well. In August, the band officially reunited (with auxiliary guitarist Joey Campbell) at a memorial tribute for their friend, Self guitarist Mike Mahaffey. The experience was so memorable that the band reunited and continued to gig around Nashville and Murfreesboro as a quartet. 
After a brief return to the Nashville rock scene, the band had dissolved again by 2006, with Welch fronting new band SJ & The Props, and the Moore brothers continuing to play together in various projects.
The band has made tons of their recordings, B-sides, and demos available via their website. Tracks like "Sideways," "Outerspace," and "An Answer to Me" hinted at the stellar material the band had prepared for a sophomore effort that sadly never quite materialized.
Legacy.
With their rootsy blend of classic rock, power-pop, and alternative rock, the band helped paved the road for future Nashville rock bands like Kings of Leon and dispelled the myth that Nashville's only worthy export was country music. Their debut album is still considered a masterpiece, and, along with Self's "Breakfast with Girls" and Fluid Ounces' "In the New Old Fashioned Way", remains a high-water mark for Middle Tennessee's rock scene.
Critical Acclaim.
Tom Demalon from Allmusic praised their debut, saying
The Murfreesboro, TN trio the Katies -- consisting of brothers Jason and Joshua Moore on vocals/guitar and drums, and Gary Welch on bass -- takes the best elements of melodic hard rock and alternative pop to create an arresting debut. Melding the sonic punch of bands like Stone Temple Pilots and the pop sense of the Beatles, their first release, produced by Joe Baldridge, is an infectious brew. Lead singer Jason Moore possesses the same pop-perfect vocals of Robin Zander and the music manages to sound both raw and polished at the same time. "Powerkiss," the leadoff track, is the first of many memorable cuts with its "do I, do I, do I...do I need you" hook. The single "Noggin' Poundin' (Tongue-Tied & Underspoken)" is a sheer sonic delight with its chugging riffs and buzz-saw guitars. The less frenetic numbers are also a flat-out success. "Shisiedo" features a dreamy, lovelorn lyric delivered by Moore with urgency, and "Jesus Pick" combines the moody, spacey feel with wry lyrics advising Jesus against returning to create a tour-de-force. An inspired and significant release made more impressive by the fact that it's the Katies' first album. []
References.
Katies on Citysearch<br>
Nashville Scene Article<br>
CMJ Review of the Katies<br>
Ink 19 Review<br>
Live Review of Katies at the Hard Rock<br>
Katies Review

</doc>
<doc id="18885576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885576" title="Trinity National Forest">
Trinity National Forest

Trinity National Forest was established as the Trinity Forest Reserve by the U.S. Forest Service in California on April 26, 1905 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 it gave up some acreage to California National Forest. In 1954 it was combined administratively with Shasta National Forest to create Shasta-Trinity National Forest. Trinity National Forest is located overwhelmingly in Trinity County, which has 89.46% of its acreage. In descending order of land area the rest of the counties are Tehama with 7.37%, Shasta with 2.93%, and Humboldt with 0.23%. There are local ranger district offices in Hayfork and Weaverville. Its administrative offices reside in Redding, as part of the combined Shasta-Trinity National Forest. As of 30 September 2008, the Forest has an area of 1,043,677 acres (4,223.61 km²), comprising 47.23% of the combined Shasta-Trinity's total 2,209,832 acres (8,942.87 km²).

</doc>
<doc id="18885578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885578" title="MEWF Heavyweight Championship">
MEWF Heavyweight Championship

The Mid-Eastern Wrestling Federation (MEWF) Heavyweight Championship is the highest ranking singles title in the Mid-Eastern Wrestling Federation, one of three in the promotion.
The title was created when Ricky Blues defeated Agent Orange at an event held in Odenton, Maryland on January 18, 1992. In 2003, the title was merged with the MCW Heavyweight Championship when Maryland Championship Wrestling held its final show as an interpromtional event with the Mid-Eastern Wrestling Federation creating the Mid-Eastern Wrestling Federation Unified Heavyweight Championship on July 16, 2003.
The championship has been known as:
The heavyweight title was later revived after Maryland Championship Wrestling began promoting events in the Maryland-area in 2007.
There have been a total of 30 recognized champions who have had a combined 45 official reigns.

</doc>
<doc id="18885597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885597" title="MEWF Tag Team Championship">
MEWF Tag Team Championship

This is a chronological list of MEWF tag team champions. The MEWF Tag Team Championship is the oldest championship title in the Mid-Eastern Wrestling Federation having been established when the Lords of Darkness (Pain & Agony) defeated Cream Team (Dino Casanova & Rip Sawyer) at the MEWF's first show in Pasadena, Maryland on August 2, 1991. The titles were later unified with the MCW Tag Team Championship during Maryland Championship Wrestling's last show on July 16, 2003.
The championship has been known as:
The tag team title was later revived after Maryland Championship Wrestling began promoting events in the Maryland-area in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18885606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885606" title="Nobili cellular automata">
Nobili cellular automata

Nobili cellular automata (NCA) are a variation of von Neumann cellular automata (vNCA), in which additional states provide means of memory and the interference-free crossing of signal. Nobili cellular automata are the invention of Renato Nobili, a professor of physics at the University of Padova in Padova, Italy. Von Neumann specifically excluded the use of states dedicated to the crossing of signal.
The confluent state is altered, so that it acts as a signal crossing organ if exactly two signal paths are incident (they enter and leave the confluent state), or acts as a memory organ if only inputs exist.
The benefit of these alterations to the state set of von Neumann cellular automata is that signal crossing is greatly eased, configurations are slightly smaller than the corresponding configuration of von Neumann cellular automata, and the computational throughput is increased.
Signal crossing in vNCA.
In von Neumann's original cellular automaton, the crossing of signals is much more difficult. The most widely used signal crossing organs are the "coded channel" (devised by von Neumann himself), Gorman's "real-time crossing organ", and the "Mukhopadhyay crossing organ". The coded channel can only cross individual pulses; the others are capable of crossing entire packets without interference, analogous the crossing organ in Nobili's cellular automaton. The Mukhopadhyay crossing organ comprises three XOR gates, in the arrangement shown (left).
Signal crossing in NCA.
In Nobili cellular automaton, a signal crossing organ consists of a single confluent cell, with two perpendicular input paths and two perpendicular output paths. Due to the substantially reduced size (as compared with any of the vNCA crossing organs), self-replicating machines are much more compact in NCA. For example, the smallest replicator so far, 
λG, comprises only 485 somatic cells.
Memory storage in vNCA.
Storing memory in vNCA can be done in multiple ways. One of these (the electronic method) is to create a loop of OTS cells with an excited pulse travelling around it. By far the most common way (the electro-mechanical method) is to use a special transmission state to construct and delete an ordinary transmission state, to act as a gate. Slight modifications can yield a plethora of different gates, including latches, pulse dividers, and one-time gates.
Memory storage in NCA.
In Nobili's cellular automaton, this task is also simplified. A confluent cell with no outputs 'holds' a pulse of excitation until an output is created. In the diagram of λG (above, right), the excited confluent cell is displayed in orange. It will remain in this state until an adjacent OTS cell is created, at which point the information will flow into the next confluent cell.

</doc>
<doc id="18885608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885608" title="White Namibians">
White Namibians

White Namibians are people of European or Southern African birth or descent living in Namibia. Most white Namibians are Afrikaners, while some are descended from German, Portuguese, or English immigrants.
Distribution.
The vast majority of White Namibians live in major cities and towns in central or southern Namibia. Windhoek has by far the largest white population, and whites are a majority in the coastal city of Swakopmund. Other coastal cities such as Walvis Bay and Lüderitz also have large white populations. In general most of Namibia south of Windhoek has a high proportion of whites, while central Namibia has a high concentration of whites. Apart from Windhoek, coastal areas and Southern Namibia, there are large white communities in Otjiwarongo and towns in the Otavi Triangle, such as Tsumeb and Grootfontein. The 1981 census of the Republic of South Africa reported a white population of 76,430 in Namibia (71 percent Afrikaners and 17 percent German-speaking).
History.
During Namibia's short German rule, the colony attracted German immigrants. Most Afrikaners settled during the Dorsland Trek, as well as during the apartheid years. Most Portuguese settled after Angola became independent in 1975.
Economics.
About 4,000 commercial land owners, mostly whites, own over 50% of the arable land across the country despite a land reform process. While the area was known as South West Africa, white Namibians enjoyed a highly privileged position due to apartheid laws enforcing strict segregation and white domination.

</doc>
<doc id="18885684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885684" title="Gertrude of Dagsburg">
Gertrude of Dagsburg

Gertrude of Dagsburg (died 30 March 1225) was the daughter and heiress of Albert II, count of Metz and Dagsburg (Dabo). She was a trouvère, and was married three times.
Gertrude was named after her mother, Gertrude of Baden, the daughter of Herman III, Margrave of Baden. The birth date of May 1205 (or as late as mid-1206) often assigned to her is questionable, as her mother was then 52-years-old. A more plausible date is c. 1190.
Gertrude succeeded her father as countess on his death in 1212, at which time she had already married Theobald, soon to be Duke of Lorraine (1213), according to the "Vitæ Odiliæ". Their betrothal occurred in September 1205, possibly when she was an infant. On her marriage her husband took over the administration of her inheritance, but he died in early 1220 without siring any children. In May 1220 she married Theobald IV of Champagne, who was only an adolescent, against the wishes of the Emperor Frederick II. In 1222 Theobald repudiated her for either consanguinity (following Alberic de Trois-Fontaines) or sterility (after Richer). In 1224 she married a third time to Simon III, count of Leiningen, but she died within a year. She was buried in the abbey of Sturzelbronn. Her husband inherited her county.
Gertrude is probably the Duchess of Lorraine who composed two lyric poems in Old French. One, "Un petit devant le jour", is found in multiple sources, some with accompanying musical notation. The other is found only in manuscript "CH-BEsu" MS 389, alongside "Un petit devant". They are numbered R1640 and R1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18885699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885699" title="Stony Creek National Forest">
Stony Creek National Forest

Stony Creek National Forest was established in California on February 6, 1907 with of land. On July 1, 1908 the name was discontinued after a portion of the forest was used to establish the California National Forest and the remainder was transferred to Trinity National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="18885704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885704" title="Tom Fordyce">
Tom Fordyce

Tom Fordyce has been a BBC Sport Interactive journalist since 2000. He writes text commentaries on cricket and tennis, also writing features on various other sports and blogging from a number of different events.
He started his career as a features writer on "Total Sport" magazine and as a writer on the "Sported" magazine. Both magazines are now out of print due to low sales.
During his time studying at Girton College Cambridge, he notoriously captained the Cricket team and never won a match as captain.
In 2007 he blogged 'my way round the Rugby World Cup in a camper van' with BBC colleague Ben Dirs. He drove 4,500 miles around France whilst producing written and video diaries of the matches and interactions they had during the 44-day tournament.
In 2008 he covered the Beijing Olympics on a number of different sports. Fordyce also acted as ghost writer for the columns of a number of athletes while at the games. He is a fan of French poetry. His contributions for the Olympics also included experiments to observe how well he could run in the Beijing smog, and he also "road tested" the new Speedo swimsuit.
Fordyce competes in many sports, and is a talented amateur triathlete. He won the Upton Classic Triathlon in July 2007. 
Fordyce was a nominee for the best online journalist of the year in 2002, but lost out to Dan Milmo of the online Guardian.
In June 2009 Fordyce published his first book entitled "We Could Be Heroes" with his BBC colleague Ben Dirs, charting the madcap escapades that resulted from trying to become the world champion in something.
He is a supporter of Sheffield Wednesday.

</doc>
<doc id="18885717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885717" title="V.O.C. Arts &amp; Science College">
V.O.C. Arts &amp; Science College

V. O. Chidambaram College (commonly known as VOC College) is a college of arts and sciences in Tuticorin, (Thoothukudi), a southern city of Tamil Nadu, India. The college offers undergraduate courses, postgraduate courses, and research courses. The college is affiliated to Manonmaniam Sundaranar University, Tirunelveli.
Origin.
V O Chidambaram College was established in 1951 in commemoration of an Indian patriot V O Chidambaram.
Alumni.
Ayyalusamy Ramamoorthy graduated from the Department of Chemistry in 1984. He is at the University of Michigan, a scientist in the area of NMR and biological membranes.

</doc>
<doc id="18885726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885726" title="Raft River National Forest">
Raft River National Forest

Raft River National Forest was established as the Raft River Forest Reserve in Utah and Idaho on November 5, 1906 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907 and was named after the Raft River Mountains, which it contained. On July 1, 1908 it was combined with Cassia National Forest to create Minidoka National Forest. The name was discontinued. The land is now part of Sawtooth National Forest as the Raft River Division of the Minidoka Ranger District.

</doc>
<doc id="18885755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885755" title="Minidoka National Forest">
Minidoka National Forest

Minidoka National Forest was established in Idaho and Utah on July 1, 1908 with from consolidation of Cassia National Forest and Raft River National Forest, primarily in Idaho. On July 1, 1953 Minidoka was absorbed by Sawtooth National Forest and is now the Sawtooth's Minidoka Ranger District. 

</doc>
<doc id="18885762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885762" title="Ma'tan as-Sarra">
Ma'tan as-Sarra

Ma'tan as-Sarra is an oasis in the Kufra District municipality in the southeast corner of Libya. It is located in the Libyan Desert, southeast of Kufra. A marginal oasis, with few palms and substandard water, it allowed the creation in 1811 of the last trans-Saharan caravan route. However, it historically has been little visited by Toubou and Zaghawa nomads. 
In 1934, Ma'tan as-Sarra was turned over as part of the Sarra Triangle to Italy by the Anglo-Egyptian Condominium, who considered the area worthless sand and a cheap appeasement to Benito Mussolini's attempts at empire. 
In 1972, Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi felt that Gaafar Nimeiry of Sudan had betrayed the Arab cause by signing the 1972 Addis Ababa Agreement ending the civil war. He thus established a base at Ma'tan as-Sarra to stockpile weapons and as a staging area for Sudanese insurgents, who were trained at the bases at Joudaim and Ma'sar Ra's near Tripoli. In July 1976, one thousand followers of Sudanese opposition leader Sadiq al-Mahdi left the oasis and stormed Khartoum after crossing northern Darfur and Kordofan. Al-Mahdi's force was defeated only after a tank battalion struck into the city after three days of heavy fighting. 
Libya also established Maaten al-Sarra Air Base, which was heavily used during the Chadian-Libyan conflict (1978-1987). The base was subject to a highly successful raid in September 1987 by the Chadian army that contributed to the signing of a ceasefire the same month.

</doc>
<doc id="18885767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885767" title="Anthony David (singer)">
Anthony David (singer)

Anthony David Harrington (born December 4, 1971), better known as Anthony David, is an American R&B singer-songwriter. He is best known for his 2008 song "Words", a duet with contemporary R&B singer India.Arie.
Biography.
Anthony David was born in Savannah, Georgia, but got involved in the music business in Atlanta. There he met India.Arie, an R&B singer from Atlanta and have since become friends. David's first song written for Arie was entitled "Part of My Life" for Arie's 7x Grammy nominated album "Acoustic Soul". David also toured with Arie in support of her album.
In 2004, he released his first independent album "Three Chords & The Truth". Alongside India.Arie, he opened up for her shows with songs from his album, thereby getting more fame. Then eventually in 2006, he released his second independent album "The Red Clay Chronicles", of which also garnered attention from opening for India.Arie's shows. After touring with Arie, David teamed up with her once again to co-write and produce "There's Hope" for Arie's . His third 2008 release "Acey Duecy", is a combination of both R&B and soul music. The album, with the release of its first single "Words", a duet with Arie, has given the album more attention.
Anthony's fourth album, released on February 22, 2011, was entitled "As Above So Below" and finds him teaming up with a new production partner - Nashville, Tennessee's Shannon Sanders - in addition to such guest vocalists as upcoming Atlanta songstress Algebra; rapper Phonte from Little Brother; plus cousin Shawn Stockman of Boyz II Men. The first single from the album, "4Evermore" featuring Algebra and Phonte, became David's first top 20 R&B hit in the US charts where it has peaked at #18.

</doc>
<doc id="18885789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885789" title="Cave Hills National Forest">
Cave Hills National Forest

Cave Hills National Forest was established as the Cave Hills Forest Reserve in South Dakota by the General Land Office March 5, 1904 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905, it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 it was absorbed by Sioux National Forest and the name was discontinued. 
The forest today comprises the Cave Hills unit of the Sioux Ranger District of Custer National Forest, in Harding County, north of Buffalo.

</doc>
<doc id="18885807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885807" title="Carbonate Mountain (Colorado)">
Carbonate Mountain (Colorado)

Carbonate Mountain, elevation , is a summit in the Sawatch Range of central Colorado. The mountain is northeast of Monarch in the San Isabel National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="18885838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885838" title="Sioux National Forest">
Sioux National Forest

Sioux National Forest was established in Montana and South Dakota on July 1, 1908 with from the consolidation of Cave Hills, Ekalaka, Long Pine, Short Pine and Slim Buttes National Forests. On January 13, 1920 the entire forest was absorbed by Custer National Forest and the name preserved as the Sioux District of Custer National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="18885841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885841" title="The Tashkent Crisis">
The Tashkent Crisis

The Tashkent Crisis is a Cold War era novel by William Craig.
Plot.
The novel is based on events that may have followed the receipt of the following transmission from Moscow by the incumbent President of the United States:
MOSCOW EXOR MSG6
TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:
WE HEREBY DEMAND THE UNCONDITIONAL SURRENDER OF YOUR COUNTRY 72 HOURS FROM THIS TRANSMISSION...
Evidence is offered that a new weapon is in Soviet hands that renders the US vulnerable to an attack consistent with this warning.
Thereafter it is the task of US agents to avoid the need for the US Government to surrender within the given timeframe. Their first hint as to what action to take is that a coup d'etat has taken place within the Soviet Union and a new leader is in charge.
The action taken is to destroy the beam weapon in use by a pocket nuke consisting of an Einsteinium warhead contained within the stock of a modified pistol.

</doc>
<doc id="18885863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885863" title="Washington King">
Washington King

Washington King (October 5, 1815– August 27, 1861) was the fifteenth mayor of St. Louis, Missouri, serving from 1855 to 1856.

</doc>
<doc id="18885867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885867" title="Shamim Kabir">
Shamim Kabir

Shamim Kabir enjoys a permanent position in the annals of Bangladesh cricket, having led the national side in its first ever international match, against MCC, in Dhaka, in January 1977. The tall and lanky opener had a successful match, scoring 30 and 25. He also captained the East Zone side at Chittagong and scored 29 in the second innings.
1st Class career.
He made his 1st class debut playing for the East Pakistan side against Karachi (Green) in Nov. 1961. In Dec. 1964, he scored his maiden 1st Class half-century. Playing for Dacca University against a strong PIA bowling attack, at the Dacca Stadium (now known as BangaBandhu National Stadium), he scored 64 in the 1st innings. He was in good form that season, as in March 1965, he scored 55 against Dacca, in a match played at the Outer Stadium. His highest score of 89 came in Jan 1968. Playing for East Pakistan (Green) against the East Pakistan Railways, at the Dacca Stadium, he scored 89 in the 1st innings. He shared a 101 run 3rd wicket partnership with the skipper MA Latif. 
Overall in his 15 1st class matches Shamim scored 411 runs at an average of 17.86. He was also an occasional Wk, and has one stumping to his credit.
After retirement.
He retired from international cricket after the 1976–77 season. Raquibul Hasan took over the captaincy from him. After his retirement from international cricket, he got heavily involved with the cricket administration, and helped in the early development of cricket in Bangladesh .
He played most of his club cricket in Dhaka, with the Azad Boys Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18885869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885869" title="Black River Falls Area Airport">
Black River Falls Area Airport

Black River Falls Area Airport is a public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Black River Falls, a city in Jackson County, Wisconsin, United States. It is owned by the city of Black River Falls and Jackson County.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned BCK by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA (which assigned BCK to Bolwarra, Queensland, Australia).
Facilities and aircraft.
Black River Falls Area Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 836 feet (255 m) above mean sea level. It has one asphalt paved runway designated 8/26 which measures 4,600 by 75 feet (1,402 x 23 m). For the 12-month period ending July 13, 2005, the airport had 12,320 aircraft operations, an average of 33 per day: 98% general aviation and 2% air taxi.
A Non-directional beacon, 362 kHz, ident: BCK is on field.

</doc>
<doc id="18885873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885873" title="Berkshire Black Bears">
Berkshire Black Bears

The Berkshire Black Bears were a minor league baseball team in the independent Northeast League.
Originally known as the Pittsfield Electrics (1913-14), Pittsfield Hillies (1919-30), they moved to the Canadian American League. When they made the move they became Pittsfield Electrics (1941-48), Pittsfield Indians (1949-50), Pittsfield Phillies (1951). Later they became Eastern league and turned into the Pittsfield Red Sox (1965-69), Pittsfield Senators (1970-71), Pittsfield Rangers (1972-75), Berkshire Brewers (1976), Pittsfield Cubs (1985-88), Pittsfield Mets (1989-2000) and Pittsfield Astros (2001). Soon after, they changed into the Berkshire Black Bears in 2002. At the end of the 2003 season, the Berkshire Black Bears did not renew their lease.
Then franchise was purchased by former Boston Red Sox General Manager Dan Duquette in 2004. Duquette's team was first Berkshire Dukes, playing their home games at the Dan Duquette Sports Academy in Hinsdale, Massachusetts. Duquette moved the team to nearby Pittsfield, Massachusetts in 2005 after reaching a lease agreement with the city that brought the Dukes to historic Wahconah Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18885874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885874" title="Photuris pennsylvanica">
Photuris pennsylvanica

Photuris pennsylvanica, known by the common names Pennsylvania firefly, lightning bug, Pennsylvania lightning bug, and (in its larval state) glowworm, is a species of firefly from the United States and Canada.
Description.
"P. pennsylvanica" is a somewhat flattened beetle approximately 0.75 inch (2 cms) in length. Its primary color is black, but it has two bright-red eyespots on its thorax, as well as yellow edging on its thorax and wing case. The species is carnivorous, and feeds mostly on insects, but also on other invertebrates, such as land snails on occasion. The terminal segments of its abdomen are white-yellow and glow when the insect manifests its bioluminescence.
State insect.
In 1974, "P. pennsylvanica" was designated the state insect of Pennsylvania. Its designation as such started with a group of Highland Park Elementary School students in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania. Fireflies are abundant in Pennsylvania and are enjoyed for their ability to "transform a midsummer night into a fairyland of tiny, brilliant twinkling lights" rather than being considered pests. Discovering there was a species of firefly with the taxon "pennsylvanica", and no other U.S. state had adopted a firefly as its state insect, the students began their campaign to have "P. pennsylvanica" made Pennsylvania's state insect.
With advice and support from state legislators, the students began a campaign that included letter writing, the circulation of petitions, and the distribution of bumper stickers. On April 10, 1974, Governor Milton J. Shapp signed their bill, making the Pennsylvania firefly their state's official insect. A few years later, Highland Park Elementary School was presented with a bronze plaque in honor of the students' achievement. 
According to one source, Pennsylvanians best know fireflies as "lightning bugs", and may have confused "firefly" with "black fly" when that state was plagued by them in 1988. This might be why that year the legislature again confirmed the Pennsylvania firefly's official status and specified it by scientific name so that:
The Firefly is the state insect, as enacted by the General Assembly on April 10, 1974. Act 130 of December 5, 1988, designated the particular species of firefly, "Poturis Pensylvanica De Geer" as the official state insect.
The firefly is also the state insect of Tennessee, but in this case the specific species referred to (if any) may be "Photinus pyralis", the most common species of firefly in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="18885876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885876" title="Ekalaka National Forest">
Ekalaka National Forest

Ekalaka National Forest was established as the Ekalaka Forest Reserve in Montana on November 5, 1906 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 it was absorbed by Sioux National Forest and the name was discontinued.
The forest today comprises the Ekalaka Hills unit of the Sioux Ranger District of Custer National Forest, in Carter County, southeast of Ekalaka.

</doc>
<doc id="18885889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885889" title="Katie Koczynski">
Katie Koczynski

Kathrine "Katie" Koczynski-Demong (born September 16, 1980 in Upper Nyack, New York) is an American skeleton racer who competed internationally from 2000 until 2005. Koczynski competed on the FIBT World Cup circuit from 2002 through 2005 and placed fourth at a world cup race in Calgary in November 2003. Koczynski competed in three world championships for the United States in 2003, 2004 and 2005.
Koczynski failed to qualify for the 2006 US Olympic Team and retired from international racing to complete her degree at Columbia University. She graduated from Columbia University in May 2007 magna cum laude with a degree in Sociology. Her best finish at the FIBT World Championships was 11th at Nagano in 2003.
At the 2010 Winter Olympics on February 25, Koczynski's boyfriend, gold medal skier in the Nordic combined Bill Demong, proposed to her in front of teammates and coaches at the US team headquarters near Vancouver. Koczynsk said yes. Koczynski and Demong discussed how this happened on NBC's "Today" show the following morning.
On July 11, 2010, Koczynski married Demong in Lake Placid, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18885891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885891" title="Long Pine National Forest">
Long Pine National Forest

Long Pine National Forest was established as the Long Pine Forest Reserve in Montana on September 24, 1906 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 it was absorbed by Sioux National Forest and the name was discontinued.
The forest today comprises the Long Pines unit of the Sioux Ranger District of Custer National Forest, in Carter County, Montana with 320 acres in Harding County, South Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="18885892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885892" title="G. Blakemore Evans">
G. Blakemore Evans

Gwynne Blakemore Evans (1913–2006) was an American scholar of Elizabethan literature best known for editing the "Riverside Shakespeare" edition in 1974.
Biography.
Evans was born in Columbus, Ohio; his father, Marshall B. Evans, was a scholar of German at Ohio State University, and Evans graduated from that university in 1934. He then attained a master's degree at the University of Cincinnati in 1936. His doctorate was received from Harvard University in 1940.
During World War II, Evans served at Bletchley Park in England, a centre of Allied spying and decoding.
After the war, Evans became a professor of English literature, working at the University of Wisconsin, the University of Illinois, and finally Harvard, where he became Cabot Professor.
Evan's first book was "The Plays and Poems of William Cartwright" (1951), an edition of the obscure poet and playwright William Cartwright. He also edited "Shakespearean Prompt-Books of the 17th Century" (1960–80), a series of editions of rare promptbooks.
His "Riverside Shakespeare" edition was published in 1974 by Houghton Mifflin, and became a popular edition of Shakespeare's complete works. Evans co-edited an updated version in 1997. He also edited "Richard III" for the New Penguin Shakespeare and "Romeo and Juliet" for the New Cambridge Shakespeare.
Evans's teaching style was simple and peculiarly effective. Working through Elizabethan and Jacobean drama, he offered quiet comment, but did so on the move, walking around the front of the class in a way that strangely contributed to one's attention to him. His courteous good nature seemed never to fail him. Even in old age he continued his habits as a scholar, stalking the corridors and stacks of Harvard's Widener Library, steadily working.
Evans's last book was "The Poems of Robert Parry", a study of the little-known poet Robert Parry. It was published posthumously after Evans died in 2006 aged 93.

</doc>
<doc id="18885915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885915" title="For the Lonely Lest the Wiser">
For the Lonely Lest the Wiser

For the Lonely Lest the Wiser is the first EP but second release from Wauconda, Illinois rock outfit Dr Manhattan. Their first release was a 3 song demo that was given out at a Wauconda High School football game in 2005. The demo included the songs "Claims Should Echo", "The Party's Opinion", and "Minds Like Ours".
To Feel Cozy Surrounded By Wolves.
The track on Dr Manhattan's debut album entitled, "To Feel Cozy Surrounded By Cats", and "To Feel Cozy Surrounded By Wolves" are the same exact track. The band re-recorded the track and changed the animal from Wolves to Cats.

</doc>
<doc id="18885931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885931" title="Short Pine National Forest">
Short Pine National Forest

Short Pine National Forest was established as the Short Pine Forest Reserve in South Dakota on July 22, 1905 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 it was absorbed by Sioux National Forest and the name was discontinued. 
The forest today comprises the Short Pine Hills unit of the Sioux Ranger District of Custer National Forest, southwest of Buffalo.

</doc>
<doc id="18885936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885936" title="Oskar Simon">
Oskar Simon

Oskar Simon (January 2, 1845 - March 2, 1882) was a German dermatologist who was a native of Berlin.
He studied medicine in Berlin, where he earned his doctorate in 1868. He furthered his education in Vienna, where he took classes from Ferdinand von Hebra (1816-1880) and Hermann Edler von Zeissl (1817-1884). During the Franco-Prussian War he was an assistant-surgeon, and in 1872 became a lecturer of skin diseases and syphilis in Berlin. 
In 1878 he succeeded Heinrich Koebner (1838-1904) as professor of dermatology at the University of Breslau, and also became chief physician at Allerheiligen Hospital. Among his students were Albert Neisser (1855-1916), Edmund Lesser (1852-1918) and Eduard Arning (1855-1936). Oskar Simon died from carcinoma of the stomach on March 2, 1882 at the age of 37.

</doc>
<doc id="18885972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885972" title="Slim Buttes National Forest">
Slim Buttes National Forest

Slim Buttes National Forest was established by the General Land Office as Slim Buttes Forest Reserve in South Dakota on March 5, 1904 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905, it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 it was absorbed by Sioux National Forest and the name was discontinued. 
The forest today comprises the Slim Buttes unit of the Sioux Ranger District of Custer National Forest, southeast of Buffalo.
Points of interest include the Reva Gap Campground along HWY 20, The Castles National Natural Landmark adjacent to the campground and the old Jesse Elliott Ranger Station.

</doc>
<doc id="18885990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18885990" title="Nihonmatsu Shonentai">
Nihonmatsu Shonentai

The was a group of around 62 samurai of the Nihonmatsu Domain, aged between 12 and 17, who fought in the Boshin War.
Although the roster lists 62 members, a subset of 20 remain famous due to their naming in the unsuccessful defence of Nihonmatsu Castle in 1868, under the command of Kimura Jūtarō. Sixteen of these, including Kimura, died in the defence.

</doc>
<doc id="18886034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886034" title="Cyclone Justin">
Cyclone Justin

Cyclone Justin was a tropical cyclone of the 1996-97 Southern Hemisphere tropical cyclone season that caused seven deaths and had a major economic impact in northern Queensland, Australia. It had a long 3½-week life from 3 March to 29 March 1997. Peaking as a Category 4 cyclone and making landfall as a Category 2, it caused significant damage in the Cairns region, which it approached on two occasions. Houses were undermined by huge waves, a marina and boats were severely damaged, roads and bridges suffered from flood and landslide damage and huge losses were inflicted on sugar cane, fruit and vegetable crops. The death toll in Queensland was seven including five on a yacht which sank. There were 26 who died in Papua New Guinea, which was also severely affected. Total estimated costs from damages in Australia were $190 million (1997 values).
Meteorological history.
Cyclone Justin was the largest tropical cyclone to hit Northern Queensland in 1997. On 7 March, over the Coral Sea, Cyclone Justin began to form. The way in which it formed was as follows. The sea waters were at least 27 °C, and as a result some of this water was evaporated into the air. This water vapour then rose upwards and created large cumulonimbus clouds. These clouds grouped together and caused a current of warm, moist, rapidly rising air to occur. As a result of this current a low-pressure area on the surface of the sea began to develop. This low-pressure area made the trade winds (In the southern hemisphere, where Cyclone Justin formed, they are the east to south-easterly winds) to become much stronger, and indeed, allowed them to impart enough force to rotate the cumulonimbus clouds. As these winds spiralled around the low-pressure area (the ‘eye’) they released heat and moisture which supplied the now cyclone with energy.
It spent the first week of its life following an erratic path around the Coral Sea; however, with the constant cloud cover the water temperature dropped 4 °C. As a consequence of this, Cyclone Justin was deprived of its vital energy source (the warm water vapour) and therefore moved northeast, towards Papua New Guinea to warmer water. Here, it grew to a Category 3 cyclone and caused storm force winds and storm surges. On 22 March it retreated to Queensland where it made landfall, as a Category 2 cyclone, north of Cairns. areas in and around Cairns, Innisfail and Mareeba areas were devastated with large storm surges, excessive flooding, gusts of winds which reached up to 130 km/h and landslides.
Impact.
Economic.
Cyclone Justin left a devastating path of destruction that had a major economic impact. Its storm force winds, which reached up to 150 km/h, caused extensive damage to banana, sugar cane and pawpaw crops. This resulted in an overall loss of $150million to the Queensland Horticulture and Sugar Cane Industry, as these crops could no longer be exported or sold. This also resulted in expensive prices of Bananas and Pawpaws all over the country as there was a great demand for them but not enough products. Cyclone Justin’s storm force winds also caused severe damage to power lines, which resulted in the power being out for 36 hours. Consequently, many businesses couldn’t operate and some businesses lost perishable goods due to their fridges and freezers being unable to prevent food from going off. All of this resulted in a loss of income. Unemployment was also a major consequence of Cyclone Justin’s destruction. The destruction of crops eliminated the need for truck drivers to transport the goods and harvesters to harvest the crops. Other jobs were also affected such as those in tourism, as holiday-makers avoided the area until the wreckages had been cleaned up. On the other hand, the building industry and manufacturers flourished as the need to repair to replace goods/buildings, which had been destroyed or damaged by Cyclone Justin, was tremendously high. With damage to many buildings, vehicles, produce and other items, thousands of insurances claims were made. Some insurance premiums then rose so that the companies could cover the cost of the claims.
Human.
The cyclone resulted in 7 fatalities; 5 people were on a yacht that sank, a woman was killed in a landslide which was triggered by the excessive rainfall, and a boy was electrocuted by a falling power line. The areas affected were very close knit communities, and so, when these fatalities occurred everybody was devastated. This resulted in the communities being brought together by their shared experiences and underlying grief. Many of the other social impacts of Cyclone Justin go hand in hand with the economic ones. For instance, some farmers' only source of income is their crops, so when their crops were destroyed they didn’t have anything left. This would have been a very stressful time, as they would have to find another way to make money in order to rebuild their properties/crops. This could have induced mental anguish on some of the farmers and resulted in them giving up on farming and moving away altogether. A similar situation would be felt by those who were rendered unemployed by the cyclone, as they wouldn’t have an income stream to support themselves on.
Environmental.
The environmental impart of Cyclone Justin was large and varied. The Great Barrier Reef was one of the most significant locations which was damaged by the cyclone. With a limited width of open water the Barrier Reef is, as its name suggests, a barrier to the land against high swells. Although this means that the land is relatively well protected, the reef is exposed to high swells and large waves. When Cyclone Justin hit some parts,mainly around Heron Island and the Whitsundays, of the Great Barrier Reef’s ecosystem were severely damaged. This is because Justin’s extreme wave power caused the break-up of corals which many fish and other organisms relied on to live; in turn this affected the larger organisms which relied on these smaller organisms to live, and so on. Some experts believe, however, that the break-up of hard corals is a positive impact as it is simply part of the reef’s life cycle. Cyclone Justin also impacted the beaches along Northern Queensland. Many beaches experienced acute erosion due to high tides and storm surge. As well as this salt water inundated many areas, specifically from Cooktown to Fraser Island. Many plants have an extremely low tolerance to salt water and for that reason a significant amount of vegetation along the coast died.
External links.
Australian BoM

</doc>
<doc id="18886043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886043" title="Robert Nay">
Robert Nay

Robert Nay (15 November 1956 – 7 November 1992) was a swimmer from Australia. Nay competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, but failed to reach the finals. His daughter Meagen Nay, competed for Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, coming seventh in the 200 m backstroke.
He was killed in a car accident.

</doc>
<doc id="18886051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886051" title="Nauru Phosphate Royalties Trust">
Nauru Phosphate Royalties Trust

The Nauru Phosphate Royalties Trust (NPRT) was a sovereign wealth fund developed by the government of the Republic of Nauru in which the government invested money from the state owned mining company, Nauru Phosphate Corporation. This money was then re-invested in a real estate portfolio, among other things, to provide the government with a reliable national income following the depletion of minable phosphates on the island. Although at one time successful, mismanagement and corruption later essentially bankrupted the fund, thus virtually bankrupting the entire Republic.
Responsibility for the Trust rests with the Ministry for the Nauru Phosphate Royalties Trust, a Cabinet position. At present, the office is exercised by the Nauruan Minister of Telecommunications Shadlog Bernicke.
Beginnings.
In 1970, the newly independent government of Nauru purchased the mining rights to the islands lucrative phosphate mines from their previous colonial ruler, Australia, for A$21 million.
The mines brought considerable wealth to the tiny island of Nauru, with the industry bringing in around A$100–120 million annually. Annual government expenditures amounted to around A$30 million, thus giving the republic around A$80 million per annum. This surplus was then added to the trust.
The prime years.
At the peak of the trust's wealth, the NPRT had investments totaling A$1 billion. These investments included properties in Australia, the Philippines, Guam, and the USA. A partial list of international investments includes:
Mismanagement.
The great wealth of the tiny pacific island led it to be nicknamed the "Kuwait of the Pacific". With this great wealth, citizens and government officials flaunted it, believing it to be an endless supply. This led to high external representation and excessive official overseas travel (that included golf in the Bahamas) which blew out budgets year after year so that the government began to borrow money to supplement its huge spending. The public service had over 1,500 employees (in a country with a population less than 10,000) and the government ran deficits of A$10 million in the 1990s.
Eventually, more than A$200 million was borrowed. In order to consolidate this debt and pay interest, the government took out an A$240 million loan from General Electrics Capital Division, which was levied against the nation's international real estate portfolio.
Downfall.
The virtual end of mining on Nauru paired with running budget deficits made it very difficult for Nauru to pay its debts. International creditors were not receiving payments, then seizing rights to Nauru's entire real estate portfolio, and even seizing the sole aircraft of Air Nauru.
"The paradox".
In 1962, well before Nauru took over the phosphate industry and achieved independence, the United Nations offered a cautious note:
"The problem of Nauru presents a paradox. The striking contrast is between a superficially happy state of affairs and an uncertain and indeed alarming future... But this picture of peace and well-being and security is deceptive. Indeed it is a false paradise. For these gentle people are dominated by the knowledge that the present happy state of affairs cannot continue."

</doc>
<doc id="18886065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886065" title="Bob Schwarz">
Bob Schwarz

Bob Schwarz is an American television director. He served as Director on "Search for Tomorrow", "Sesame Street", "The Electric Company", "Spin-off", "As the World Turns" and "Another World" (1996).
Awards and nominations.
Schwarz has been nominated for eight Daytime Emmy awards for his work on "Another World" and "As the World Turns", in the categories Outstanding Direction for a Drama Series and Outstanding Drama Series Directing Team. His nominations range from 1985 to 1995, with one win in 1992. His first nomination was shared with Maria Wagner, Richard Dunlap, Paul Lammers, Richard Pepperman, Portman Paget, and Joel Aronowitz, while his win was shared with Michael Eilbaum, Casey Childs, Susan C. Strickler Carol Sedwick, Mary Madeiras, and Janet Andrews.

</doc>
<doc id="18886066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886066" title="Anguilla at the Commonwealth Games">
Anguilla at the Commonwealth Games

Anguilla which is a British overseas territory in the Caribbean has competed at three Commonwealth Games to date, beginning in 1998.
Medal tally.
Anguilla is unranked on the all-time medal tally of the Commonwealth Games, having never won a medal.
History.
Anguilla first participated in the 1998 Games, held at Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 

</doc>
<doc id="18886082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886082" title="Charleston National Forest">
Charleston National Forest

Charleston National Forest was established as the Charleston Forest Reserve in Nevada by the U.S. Forest Service on November 5, 1906 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 it was absorbed by Moapa National Forest and the name was discontinued. The lands exist presently as part of Toiyabe National Forest, and portions comprise Spring Mountains National Recreation Area. 

</doc>
<doc id="18886089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886089" title="Nadzeya Vysotskaya">
Nadzeya Vysotskaya

Nadzeya Vsotskaya (born September 18, 1988) is a Belarusian artistic gymnast. She was a member of the national elite team in 2004, competing at the European Championships in Amsterdam. She competed at the 2005 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships, where she earned 21st place on the vault (8.693 points), 32nd place on balance beam (8.262), 35th place on floor exercise (8.425), and 60th place in the all-around (total of 25.749 points). The following year, in 2006, Vsotskaya competed at the European Championships in Volos, Greece. Her best single score, 13.562 on vault, placed her 16th in that event. She also earned 47th place on floor exercise (12.875) and 49th place on balance beam (13.050), and her all-around score was 39.700 placing her in 60th place once again. Vsotskaya's scores contributed to the Belarusian team's total of 157.650, which earned them 14th place.
In May 2006, at the Gymnastics World Cup in Ghent, Vsotskaya tested positive for the use of furosemide, a banned diuretic. She had already earned 11th place on vault and floor, and 14th place on beam, but the Fédération Internationale de Gymnastique issued a ban effective May 15, 2006 through December 31, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18886101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886101" title="Moapa National Forest">
Moapa National Forest

Moapa National Forest was established in Nevada on July 1, 1908 with from the consolidation of Charleston National Forest and Vegas National Forest. On July 1, 1915 it was absorbed by Toiyabe National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18886127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886127" title="Are You Bald?">
Are You Bald?

Are You Bald? - EP was a promotional EP released on Vagrant Records by the American rock quartet Dr Manhattan. The EP was released on iTunes on December 11, 2007. The EP included one brand new song, one old song that was re-recorded for the band's debut, and one song off of their first EP, For the Lonely Lest the Wiser.

</doc>
<doc id="18886135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886135" title="Vegas National Forest">
Vegas National Forest

Vegas National Forest was established in Nevada on December 12, 1907 with . On July 1, 1908 it was absorbed by Moapa National Forest and the name was discontinued. The lands exist presently as part of Toiyabe National Forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="18886156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886156" title="Scylla (Prison Break episode)">
Scylla (Prison Break episode)

"Scylla" is the 58th episode of the American television series "Prison Break" and the first episode of its fourth season which premiered as a two-hour episode with "Breaking & Entering". It was broadcast in the United States on September 1, 2008 and on the next day on Sky One and RTE2.
Plot.
Michael Scofield (Wentworth Miller) has tracked Gretchen Morgan (Jodi Lyn O'Keefe) and James Whistler (Chris Vance) to Los Angeles. The pair are negotiating for "the Card", a disc of important Company data, and Whistler kills its current owner rather than pay for it. Before he and Gretchen can finish their operation, Michael arrives, planning to kill them as revenge for the death of Sara Tancredi (Sarah Wayne Callies). Gretchen claims that Sara is alive, but before she can say anything else, the police arrive in response to a murder committed by Whistler. Unbeknownst to Gretchen, Whistler has copied the Card, keeping the original for himself, and giving the copy to a Company representative on the way out. When the General (Leon Russom) discovers this, he orders Wyatt (Cress Williams), a Company assassin, to have Gretchen killed.
Lincoln Burrows (Dominic Purcell) is still in Panama with Sofia Lugo (Danay Garcia) and L.J. Burrows (Marshall Allman) when Michael calls him. They discuss the recent events in Sona: the prisoners rioted, burning the place down and allowing Theodore "T-Bag" Bagwell (Robert Knepper), Fernando Sucre (Amaury Nolasco) and Brad Bellick (Wade Williams) to escape. Michael also asks about how sure Lincoln is that Sara is dead. After the conversation, Michael is contacted by Alexander Mahone (William Fichtner) and Whistler, who are secretly working with Homeland Security to destroy the Company. Key to this plan is the Card, codenamed "Scylla", which contains information on all the Company's agents and operations, but can only be decoded from within an unknown facility. Whistler again hints that Sara is still alive when Wyatt arrives and attacks them, killing Whistler and retrieving the original copy of Scylla. To learn the truth, Michael travels to Chicago and contacts Sara's friend Bruce Bennett (Wilbur Fitzgerald) to find out for sure whether Sara is still alive, but gets caught by the police. Meanwhile, Lincoln, Sofia and L.J. are attacked by a Company agent. Lincoln kills the assassin in a fight, and gets arrested by the Panamanian police. Mahone returns to the home of his family only to discover that there is a police fence outside Pam's home. Fearing that something may have happened to Pam and Cameron, he quickly steps out of the car and runs towards the house, but the police officer stop him and tells him "that you don't want to go in there". Since he is still wanted in the United States, Mahone is immediately arrested as well.
Michael and Lincoln are reunited in custody by Agent Don Self (Michael Rapaport). Self is the Homeland Security agent who was working not only with Whistler, but with Aldo Burrows (Anthony Denison), in order to take down the Company. Unable to trust people within the government, Self arranges to have Michael and Lincoln be part of an unofficial, off-the-books operation to recover Scylla from the Company, with their freedom guaranteed when it's all over. The brothers refuse the offer. Bruce pays their bail, and when they're released, he reunites Michael with Sara, who has been hiding out from the Company in Chicago after being tortured by Gretchen. When Wyatt attacks the group at their supposedly secret hideout, Michael, Lincoln and Sara decide to join Self's team, believing that they can only be safe once the Company is destroyed. Also drafted into the team is Mahone, Bellick and Sucre - who were captured while trying to visit Sucre's baby girl.
In a subplot, T-Bag is making his way from Panama to the United States, looking for Michael in order to get his revenge. He tries to get to San Diego, following direction written in Whistler's bird book (which, unbeknownst to him, contains information on where to decode Scylla), but his drivers steal T-Bag's money and abandon him in the desert with their overweight companion.
Reception.
The premier received from the IGN readers "Last Week's Best Episode" award. IGN said though that this was because "the show didn't have a whole lot of competition this week".
Rating.
The episode didn't get a good rating from multiple sources. IGN gave the double episode 6.5/10 saying that "this season [...] features the most drastic metamorphosis seen in the series".
Production.
This, and the following episode, were the first programs to ever be aired in a letterbox format on FOX. Prior to this, all the shows were aired in a Pan-Scan format.

</doc>
<doc id="18886161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886161" title="Cladoselachidae">
Cladoselachidae

Cladoselachidae is an extinct family of cartilaginous fishes and among the earliest predecessors of modern sharks. They are the only members of the order Cladoselachiformes and were characterized by having an elongated body with a spine in each of the two dorsal fins.

</doc>
<doc id="18886186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886186" title="Chelan National Forest">
Chelan National Forest

Chelan National Forest was established in Washington by the U.S. Forest Service on July 1, 1908 with from a portion of Washington National Forest. On July 1, 1921 it absorbed the first Okanogan National Forest, but on March 23, 1955 the name was changed back to Okanogan. 

</doc>
<doc id="18886199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886199" title="Suhua Highway Improvement Project">
Suhua Highway Improvement Project

Suhua Highway Improvement Project (), or simply called Suhuagai (), previous called The Project for Substitute of Suhua Highway () or Suhuati(), is a major improvement of dangerous sections of Suhua Highway, alters of Suhua Freeway project by two lanes and lower speed limit. 
Contacting northern and eastern Taiwan, only Suhua Highway numbered Provincial Highway No. 9 are better due to its mountainous range terrains. For its curved route and weak geology, landslides and interruptions usually happen when typhoon or heavy rain strikes, thus the government gets many complaints by eastern residents.
The Ministry of Transportation and Communications (MOTC) has planned the Suhua Freeway in 1990s, but its mega work and many ecosensitive areas alongside have been argued for decades. So it is planned out as Suhuati, then renamed as Suhuagai, by constructing bridges and tunnels to three dangerous sections such as Suao—Dongao, Nanao—Heping, and Heping—Daqingshui, is priority for the improvement, lengthening above as 9.8 km, 20 km, and 8.6 km, costing 46.5 billion NT dollars and taking five years to build.
This project has been started building in 2011, and it has a five year construction period. It is expected to be completed in 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="18886209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886209" title="Washington National Forest">
Washington National Forest

Washington National Forest was established by the General Land Office as the Washington Forest Reserve in Washington on February 22, 1897 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905, it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908, Chelan National Forest was established with a potion of Washington. On January 21, 1924 Washington was renamed Mount Baker National Forest. The lands presently exist as Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="18886213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886213" title="George Henry Bradbury">
George Henry Bradbury

George Henry Bradbury (June 25, 1859 – September 6, 1925) was a politician and manufacturer. 
Bradbury was the son of William Murray Bradbury and Matilda Morrow, immigrants from Ireland, and was educated in Ottawa. He came to Manitoba in 1881, worked there as a general contractor and later became managing director for the Northwest Lumber Company. He helped establish the Manitoba Brick Company in 1906.
He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1908 election as a Member of the Conservative Party to represent the riding of Selkirk. He was re-elected to the House of Commons in the 1911 general election. Bradbury was Chairman of the Select Special Committee on Pollution of Navigable Waters during the 12th Parliament. He was appointed to the Senate by Prime Minister Borden on December 17, 1917 and served as the Chairperson of the Special Committee on Cancellation of Leases to Certain Coal Areas in the Province of Alberta.
Bradbury joined Boulton's Scouts in 1885 and fought during the North West Rebellion, then served as Lieutenant Colonel in 1915 for the 108th Battalion, Canadian Expeditionary Force where he served for one year.
Bradbury died in office in Ottawa at the age of 66.

</doc>
<doc id="18886214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886214" title="Dinosaur Footprints">
Dinosaur Footprints

Dinosaur Footprints in Holyoke, Massachusetts, USA is an wilderness reservation purchased for the public in 1935 by The Trustees of Reservations. The Reservation is currently being managed with the assistance from the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR). The fossil and plant resources on the adjacent Holyoke Gas and Electric (HG&E) riverfront property are being managed cooperatively by The Trustees, Mass DCR, and HG&E.
The first dinosaur prints to be scientifically described are still able to be seen and have been preserved in sandstone. Hundreds of fossils are visible including those from the four distinct two-legged dinosaurs, but also stromatolites, fish, plants and other ancient beings. There is also a trackway, which formed the basis for the novel theory that dinosaurs traveled in packs or groups.
Fossils.
As the name implies, fossil footprints are this park's main attraction. They were formed during the Early Jurassic period (approximately 200 million years ago) when what is now the Connecticut River Valley was a subtropical region filled with lakes and swamps. Bipedal, carnivorous dinosaurs up to long left footprints in the ancient mudflats. These tracks were fossilized and largely hidden until many were unearthed by the construction of what is now U.S. Route 5. The area was acclaimed by 19th century paleontologists for its abundance of fossil specimens, dinosaur tracks in particular, and the reservation is popular with the ichnologists that study them. There are 134 separate dinosaur footprints in the sandstone beds that flank the Connecticut River.
This area was studied by Edward Hitchcock, the Amherst College professor who advanced the revolutionary notion that rather than being cold-blooded reptiles, dinosaurs were more like a sort of "reptilian bird." In the 1930s, a Springfield, Massachusetts newspaper poked fun at this notion by referring to the animals that left the fossilized footprints as "the Giant Turkeys of Prof. Hitchcock."
Smith College professor William J. Miller wrote in his "Geological History of the Connecticut Valley of Massachusetts":
The largest numbers by far have been found at various localities in the general direction of Turner's Falls and South Hadley. In regard to the perfect preservation of such a vast number of geologically ancient animal tracks no district in the world is at all comparable with the Connecticut Valley ... In one case the writer is able to step, with a stride of about three and a half feet, in a series of eleven footprints, each about a foot long, exactly where a giant dinosaur left his foot print impressions on the original surface.
A dirt path leads from the reservation entrance to the footprints. Besides the clearly formed dinosaur tracks, visitors can see imprints left by prehistoric plants, invertebrate trace fossils and delicate ripple marks of an ancient pool preserved in stone near the river's west bank. Fossils "in situ" are located not only in the reservation itself, but on other land including a riverfront parcel owned by Holyoke Gas and Electric and managed cooperatively with the Trustees of Reservations and the Commonwealth. There is also a place to see dinosaur tracks in nearby Granby, Massachusetts. Amherst College has a museum that displays the dinosaur footprints that were once found in South Hadley.
Visiting.
The reservation is open daylight hours from April 1 to November 30 and has educational programs for children. For visitor safety, Guilford Transportation, which owns the railroad corridor, does not permit crossing of railroad tracks. As such, there is no legal access to the Connecticut River. Mountain biking is not allowed. Dogs must be kept on leash at all times.
A short trail parallels Route 5 northward from the entrance to the location of the dinosaur footprints and is easily walked.

</doc>
<doc id="18886217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886217" title="Jorge Battaglia">
Jorge Battaglia

Jorge Antonio Battaglia Méndez (born 12 May 1960 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan former football goalkeeper. He played his club football for Sol de América, Olimpia Asunción, Club Bolívar and Estudiantes de La Plata.
Battaglia was also part of the Paraguay national football team that participated in the 1986 FIFA World Cup, where he was the substitute of starting goalkeeper Roberto Fernández.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18886236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886236" title="Acey Duecy">
Acey Duecy

Acey Duecy is the third studio album by American R&B singer Anthony David, released on June 24, 2008, by Universal Republic and SoulBird.
Chart performance.
The album was a major success and David's first charting album, peaking at #7 on the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers chart. The album also charted well on the "Billboard" Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, peaking at #30.

</doc>
<doc id="18886248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886248" title="1953 Chatham Cup">
1953 Chatham Cup

The 1953 Chatham Cup was the 26th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with regional associations each holding separate qualifying rounds.
Teams taking part in the final rounds are known to have included Eastern Suburbs (Auckland), Huntly Thistle, Eastern Union (Gisborne), New Plymouth City, Napier Rovers, Wanganui United, St. Andrews (Manawatu), Seatoun (Wellington), Woodbourne (Marlborough), Riccarton, Northern (Dunedin), and Invercargill Thistle.
The 1953 final.
The final was a repeat of the 1951 final, with Eastern Suburbs again beating Dunedin's Northern. Reg King added two further goals to his three from 1951, equalling the aggregate record of five final goals. The game was a thrilling one according to contemporary accounts, with Northern letting in a soft goal very early on and the game opening up with frequent chances at both ends. Suburbs clinched the match with the winning goal late on in the second half. Scorers were Reg King (2), Ken Fleet, and Murray Anderson for Eastern Suburbs, while Trevor McFarlane gained a brace for Northern and Bill Boardman also scored for the Dunedin side. 

</doc>
<doc id="18886261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886261" title="Mount Baker National Forest">
Mount Baker National Forest

Mount Baker National Forest was established in Washington on January 21, 1924 when its name was changed from Washington National Forest. In 1974 it was administratively combined with Snoqualmie National Forest to make Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest. In descending order of land area, Mount Baker National Forest is located in parts of Snohomish, Whatcom, and Skagit counties. As of 30 September 2007, it had an area of 1,301,787 acres (5,268.1 km²), representing about 51 percent of the combined forest's area. There are local ranger district offices located in Darrington and Sedro-Woolley.
The 1935 version of "The Call of the Wild" with Clark Gable, Loretta Young and Jack Oakie was filmed on location in Mount Baker National Forest because Twentieth Century Pictures felt it was remote enough to guarantee lack of interruption from skiers and other park visitors. Paramount Pictures later also filmed "The Barrier" at Mount Baker Lodge.
Wilderness areas.
There are six officially designated wilderness areas within Mount Baker National Forest that are part of the National Wilderness Preservation System. Three of them extend into neighboring National Forests (as indicated).

</doc>
<doc id="18886262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886262" title="Kharbaga">
Kharbaga

Kharbaga is a two-player abstract strategy game from Africa. In a way, it is a miniature version of Zamma; however, there are more diagonal lines per square on the board as compared to Zamma. The game is considered part of the Zamma family. The game is also similar to Alquerque and draughts. The board is essentially an Alquerque board with twice the number of diagonal lines or segments allowing for greater freedom of movement. The initial setup is also similar to Alquerque, where every space on the board is filled with each player's pieces except for the middle point of the board. Moreover, each player's pieces are also set up on each player's half of the board. The game specifically resembles draughts in that pieces must move in the forward directions until they are crowned "Mullah" (or "Sultan") which is the equivalent of the King in draughts. The Mullah can move in any direction.
It is unknown how old the game is; however, the idea that pieces must move forward until they are crowned Mullah is a feature thought to have been developed and borrowed from draughts which came into being only in the 17th century. This is, however, open to debate.
Two similar games are played by the Hopi native American Indians of Arizona, US, which may suggest a historical connection with Kharbaga, and Alquerque in general. One of the Hopi games is called tukvnanawopi. The board pattern, the number of pieces, and the initial setup are the same as in Kharbaga's. The only differences, and they are significant, is that in tukvnanawopi pieces can move in any direction at any time during the game (there is no need for promotion to Mullah or King as in Kharbaga), and also when a row of squares on one end of the board becomes empty during the game, pieces can no longer be played in that row of squares. As the game progresses, more rows of squares become empty and unplayable, and the playing board continues to shrink. The other Hopi game which is also played throughout Mexico is called tuknanavuhpi. In this case, when a row of points on one end of the board becomes empty, it is no longer playable, and again the playing board shrinks as the game progresses.
Lastly, another native American Indian tribe called the Keres of New Mexico, US plays a game most similar to Kharbaga. The only difference is that pieces can move in any direction at any time during the game and each player has 22 pieces. It is uncertain how the game can be played this way since both players would yield 44 pieces total and there are only 41 intersection points that make up the board. The game is called Aiyawatstani or "chuck away grains".
Goal.
The player who captures all their opponent's pieces is the winner.
Equipment.
The board is a 5 x 5 square grid, or a 4 x 4 square board with pieces played on the intersections with left and right diagonal lines running through each square of the board. Each player has 20 pieces. One plays the black pieces, and the other player plays the white pieces.

</doc>
<doc id="18886266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886266" title="Paterson's worms">
Paterson's worms

Paterson's worms are a family of cellular automata devised in 1971 by Mike Paterson and John Horton Conway to model the behaviour and feeding patterns of certain prehistoric worms. In the model, a worm moves between points on a triangular grid along line segments, representing food. Its turnings are determined by the configuration of eaten and uneaten line segments adjacent to the point at which the worm currently is. Despite being governed by simple rules the behaviour of the worms can be extremely complex, and the ultimate fate of one variant is still unknown.
The worms were studied in the early 1970s by Paterson, Conway and Michael Beeler, described by Beeler in June 1973, and presented in November 1973 in Martin Gardner's "Mathematical Games" column in "Scientific American".
History.
Paterson's worms are an attempt to simulate the behaviour of prehistoric worms. These creatures fed upon sediment at the bottom of ponds and avoided retracing paths they had already travelled because food would be scarce there but, because food occurred in patches, it was in the worm's interest to stay near previous trails. Different species of worm had different innate rules regarding how close to travelled paths to stay, when to turn, and how sharp a turn to make. In 1969 Raup and Seilacher created computer simulations of the fossilized worm trails, and these simulations inspired Paterson and Conway to develop a simple set of rules to study idealized worms on regular grids.
Conway's original model was a worm on an orthogonal grid but this produced only three different species of worm, all with rather uninteresting behaviour. Paterson considered worms on a triangular grid. Paterson's worms were described by Beeler in a Massachusetts Institute of Technology memo and were presented in November 1973 in Martin Gardner's "Mathematical Games" column in "Scientific American", and later reprinted in . These simulations differed in approach from other cellular automata developed around the same time, which focused on cells and the relationships between them. Simple computer models such as these are too abstract to accurately describe the behaviour of the real creatures, but they do demonstrate that even very simple rules can give rise to patterns resembling their tracks.
Rules.
The worm starts at some point of an infinite triangular grid. It starts moving along one of the six gridlines that meet at each point and, once it has travelled one unit of distance, it arrives at a new point. The worm then decides, based on the distribution of traversed and untraversed gridlines, what direction it will take. The directions are relative to the worm's point of view. If the worm has not encountered this exact distribution before it may leave along any untraversed gridline. From then on, if it encounters that distribution again, it must move in the same way. If there are no untraversed gridlines available, the worm dies and the simulation ends.
Discussion.
There are many different types of worm depending on which direction they turn when encountering a new type of intersection. The different varieties of worm can be classified systematically by assigning every direction a number and listing the choice made every time a new type of intersection is encountered.
The six directions are numbered as follows:
So direction 0 indicates the worm continues to travel straight ahead, direction 1 indicates the worm will make a right turn of 60° and similarly for the other directions. The worm cannot travel in direction 3 because that is the gridline it has just traversed. Thus a worm with rule {1,0,5,1} decides to travel in direction 1 the first time it has to make a choice, in direction 0 the next time it has to make a choice and so on. If there is only one available gridline, the worm has no choice but to take it and this is usually not explicitly listed.
A worm whose ruleset begins with 0 continues in a straight line forever. This is a trivial case, so it is usually stipulated that the worm must turn when it encounters a point with only uneaten gridlines. Furthermore, to avoid mirror-image symmetrical duplicates, the worm's first turn must be a right hand turn. A worm dies if it returns to its origin a third time, because there are then no untraversed edges available. Only the origin can be lethal to the worm.
There are 1,296 possible combinations of worm rules. This can be seen by the following argument:
There are therefore 2×4×81×2=1,296 different combinations of rules.
Many of these are mirror-image duplicates of others, and others die before having to make all the choices in their ruleset, leaving 411 distinct species (412 if the infinite straight-line worm is included). 336 of these species eventually die. 73 patterns exhibit infinite behaviour, that is, they settle into a repeating pattern that does not return to the origin. A further two are strongly believed to be infinite and one remains unsolved. Eleven of the rules exhibit complicated behaviour. They do not die even after many billions of iterations, nor do they adopt an obviously infinite pattern. Their ultimate fate was unknown until 2003 when Benjamin Chaffin developed new methods of solving them. After many hours of computer time, nine of the eleven rules were solved, leaving the worms with rules {1,0,4,2,0,2,0} and {1,0,4,2,0,1,5}. The first of these was solved by Tomas Rokicki, who determined that it halts after 57 trillion timesteps, leaving only {1,0,4,2,0,1,5} unsolved. According to Rokicki, the worm is still active after 5.2×1019 timesteps. He used an algorithm based on Bill Gosper's Hashlife to simulate the worms at extraordinary speeds. This behaviour is considerably more complex than the related rectangular grid worm, which has a longest path of only 16 segments.
It is possible for two different species of worm to produce the same path, though they do not necessarily traverse it in the same order. The most common path is also the shortest: the seven point "radioactivity symbol". One example of this path is shown in the animated figure above. In total there are 299 different paths, and 209 of these are produced by just one species.

</doc>
<doc id="18886273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886273" title="Sarvant Glacier">
Sarvant Glacier

The Sarvant Glacier is a glacier located on the northern slopes of the Cowlitz Chimneys in Washington. Named for Henry M. Sarvant, who mapped Mount Rainier in 1894, the glacier starts at an elevation of about and descends northward down to . There are several patches of permanent ice and snow that lie to the east and west of the glacier. These range in elevation from about to . The patches of ice and snow to the west are labeled Sarvant Glaciers.

</doc>
<doc id="18886278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886278" title="Julián Coronel">
Julián Coronel

Julián Coronel (born 23 October 1958) is a Paraguayan former football goalkeeper. He played his club football for Independiente F.B.C., Guaraní and Olimpia Asunción.
Coronel was also part of the Paraguay national football team that participated in the 1986 FIFA World Cup, where he was the third goalkeeper of the squad.

</doc>
<doc id="18886286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886286" title="Snoqualmie National Forest">
Snoqualmie National Forest

Snoqualmie National Forest is a United States National Forest in the State of Washington. It was established on 1 July 1908, when an area of 961,120 acres (3,889.52 km²) was split from the existing Washington National Forest. Its size was increased on 13 October 1933, when a part of Rainier National Forest was added. In 1974 Snoqualmie was administratively combined with Mount Baker National Forest to make Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest. In descending order of land area, Snoqualmie National Forest lies in parts of King, Snohomish, Pierce, and Kittitas counties. There are local ranger district offices in North Bend and Skykomish. Its main base is in Everett, Washington. As of 30 September 2007, it had an area of 1,258,167 acres (5,091.62 km²), representing about 49 percent of the combined forest's total acreage.
Wilderness areas.
There are seven officially designated wilderness areas within Snoqualmie National Forest that are part of the National Wilderness Preservation System. Two of them extend into neighboring National Forests (as indicated).

</doc>
<doc id="18886306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886306" title="Crossochelys">
Crossochelys

Crossochelys is an extinct genus of South American turtle from the family Meiolaniidae. It was first named by Simpson in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="18886321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886321" title="Rainier National Forest">
Rainier National Forest

Rainier National Forest was established in Washington on March 2, 1907 when its name was changed from Mount Rainier Forest Reserve. On October 13, 1933, Rainier was divided between Columbia, Snoqualmie and Wenatchee National Forests. Its lands exists presently as portions of Mount Baker-Snoqualmie, Wenatchee and Gifford Pinchot National Forests. 

</doc>
<doc id="18886354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886354" title="List of True Blood episodes">
List of True Blood episodes

"True Blood" is an American television drama series, which premiered on HBO on September 7, 2008. Created by Alan Ball, the series is based on "The Southern Vampire Mysteries" (also known as "The Sookie Stackhouse novels") by Charlaine Harris.
The series revolves around Sookie Stackhouse (Anna Paquin), a telepathic waitress who is living in the rural town of Bon Temps, Louisiana two years after the invention of a synthetic blood called Tru Blood that has allowed vampires to "come out of the coffin" and allow their presence to be known to mankind. Now they are struggling for equal rights and assimilation, while anti-vampire organizations begin to gain power. Sookie's world is turned upside down when she falls in love with 173-year-old vampire Bill Compton (Stephen Moyer) and for the first time must navigate the trials, tribulations and terrors of intimacy and relationships. Other characters include Tara Thornton (Rutina Wesley), Sookie's tough-talking best friend, her womanizing brother Jason (Ryan Kwanten), thousand year old vampire and Sheriff of Area 5, Eric Northman (Alexander Skarsgård), and her shape-shifting boss Sam Merlotte (Sam Trammell). "True Blood" follows a serialized format, with every episode ending on a cliffhanger that leads directly into the next. Episode titles are taken from the name of a song that appears on the soundtrack of that episode.
, 70 episodes of "True Blood" have aired, concluding the sixth season.
Episode list.
Season 7 (2014).
On July 15, 2013, HBO renewed "True Blood" for a seventh season, which will premiere in mid-2014. On September 3, HBO announced that it would also be the final season.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Minisodes.
HBO began airing six mini-episodes on April 24, 2010 to lead up to the season three premiere.

</doc>
<doc id="18886359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886359" title="Florida Association of Stock Car Automobile Racing">
Florida Association of Stock Car Automobile Racing

The Florida Association of Stock Car Automobile Racing is considered to be the Florida state version of the National Association for Stock Car Automobile Racing or simply "NASCAR" for short. It is intended to be a developmental league where 14+-year old drivers develop their skills on stock cars to prepare for racing at the local level as well as higher divisions. Operating since the 1970s, series under the "FASCAR" umbrella have operated on three race tracks: Lake City Speedway (1/2 mile), New Smyrna Speedway (1/2 mile), and Orlando Speedworld (3/8 mile).

</doc>
<doc id="18886372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886372" title="Maybeury, West Virginia">
Maybeury, West Virginia

Maybeury is an unincorporated census-designated place in McDowell County, West Virginia, United States, located on US Route 52 between Northfork and Bramwell. As of the 2010 census, its population was 234.
History.
In 1890, it was the largest town in McDowell County with a population of 875. This was due to the coal mining start-ups in the town. Maybeury was the 5th largest town/city south of the State Capital, Charleston, and listed as the 31st largest town/city in the entire state.
John F. Kennedy stopped in Maybeury at the Esso station during his presidential primary campaign in 1960. During a speech in Canton, Ohio on September 27, 1960, he stated "McDowell County mines more coal than it ever has in its history, probably more coal than any county in the United States and yet there are more people getting surplus food packages in McDowell County than any county in the United States. The reason is that machines are doing the jobs of men, and we have not been able to find jobs for those men."
The now demolished Pocahontas Fuel Company Store was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18886376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886376" title="Mount Rainier Forest Reserve">
Mount Rainier Forest Reserve

The Mount Rainier Forest Reserve in Washington was established by the General Land Office on February 22, 1898 from the Pacific Forest Reserve and other lands with . In 1905 federal forests were transferred to the U.S. Forest Service. On March 2, 1907 the name was changed to Rainier National Forest and additional lands were added. Its lands exists presently as portions of Mount Baker-Snoqualmie, Wenatchee and Gifford Pinchot National Forests. 

</doc>
<doc id="18886395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886395" title="Stan Startzell">
Stan Startzell

Stan Startzell is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who spent four seasons in the North American Soccer League. He currently works in the financial services sector and is the president of the Duxbury Soccer Association.
Youth.
Startzell attended Wilson Senior High School, graduating in 1968. He then attended the University of Pennsylvania where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1969 to 1971. He was a 1969 and 1971 second team All American and a 1970 
first team All American. In 1971, he was second team All Ivy League as a placekicker on the Penn football team. In 2005, the University of Pennsylvania selected Startzell to its All Century Team.
Professional.
In 1972, the New York Cosmos of the North American Soccer League drafted Startzell. He was the only native U.S. player on the roster that season. He played three games for the Cosmos before moving to the expansion Philadelphia Atoms in 1973. The Atoms won the league championship, but after a disappointing 1974 season, the Atoms made numerous player moves including trading Startzell to the Boston Minutemen in exchange for Alex Papadakis. He played no games for the Minutemen and left the NASL after the 1975 season.
Post playing career.
Startzell has worked with the Special Olympics and in the financial services sector. In the mid-1980s, he worked for Selective Security Trust of America. He currently works for Lincoln Investment Planning in Duxbury, Massachusetts where he also serves as the head of the Duxbury Soccer Association. For many years, he was also the coach of a competitive girls soccer club team called the South Coast Scorpians.

</doc>
<doc id="18886405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886405" title="PDF-XChange Viewer">
PDF-XChange Viewer

PDF-XChange Viewer is a free PDF reader for Microsoft Windows. The basic reader, which can be downloaded free of charge, includes extended/markup capabilities such as typing, highlighting, callouts, and notes. Another useful features is the ability of displaying PDF files in the "preview" pane of the Windows Explorer without locking the file (and thus allowing for easy setting of metadata info).
An advanced paid version is also available.
It supports saving of filled PDF forms (AcroForms) and import/export of form data in FDF/XFDF format. It added OCR support as of version 2.5.
PDF-XChange Lite print driver is a print driver enabling the creation of PDFs from Microsoft Windows applications. It is free for academic and home use. Also available is PDF-XChange Standard, which brings advanced PDF creation options. 
A related product is PDF-Tools, which allows creation and manipulation of PDFs from a variety of sources including images, text documents, etc. Batch conversion capabilities with filename macros are included.
Finally, a number of PDF-related SDKs for developers are available, including PDF Tools SDK, PDF-XChange Viewer SDK, PDF-XChange Drivers SDK, and Image SDKs. These allow creation, manipulation, reading, writing, OCR, search, and display of PDFs; and multi-language support (C++, C#, C, VB, VB.NET, Delphi, Clarion) is available.
PDF-XChange Viewer works under Wine, providing another way to annotate PDFs under Linux.

</doc>
<doc id="18886412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886412" title="Charles Ugwuh">
Charles Ugwuh

Charles Chukwuemeka Ugwuh (born 3 December 1942) is an engineer and industrialist who headed the Nigerian ministry of commerce and industry from July 2007 to October 2008. He is a member of the People's Democratic Party (PDP).
Background.
Charles Chukwuemeka Ugwuh was born on 3 December 1942 in the Obowo Local Government Area of the Okigwe zone of Imo State.
Charles Ugwuh holds an MSc in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Birmingham, England. He is the owner of Rokana Industries and Hydro Resources Industries Limited, both located in Imo State.
Charles Ugwuh became president of Manufacturers’ Association of Nigeria (MAN). Speaking in 2003, he said that Nigerian companies were willing to go into joint ventures with foreign partners. He was concerned that Nigeria should manufacture goods, rather than import them, and that investors should put money into industries other than oil. He saw the government's role as providing incentives for investors and supplying basic infrastructure such as health, education, social security, and new roads.
Political career.
In late 2006, while still president on MAN, Ugwuh competed in the PDP primaries to select their candidate for Imo State governor in the April 2007 elections. Senator Ifeanyi Godwin Araraume was the clear winner, with Ugwuh in tenth place. Apparently due to pressure from President Olusegun Obasanjo, the PDP declared that Ugwuh was their candidate.
Araraume contested this decision, and his candidacy was upheld by the Independent National Electoral Commission, despite the fact that the PDP expelled Araraume from the party. The PDP gave their support to Chief Martin Agbaso of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA).
Araruame was defeated by Ikedi Ohakim of the Progressive Peoples Alliance.
Minister of Commerce and Industry.
President Umaru Yar'Adua named Charles Ugwuh Minister for Commerce & Industry on 27 July 2007.
In September 2007, Charles Ugwuh headed a Nigerian delegation to China for a "Nigeria-China Business and Investment Forum". He noted the expanding investment from China, and expressed hopes that both sides will continue to push economic and trade cooperation to a new level.
In a January 2008 interview, Ugwuh outlined the new government strategy for manufacturing, based on the clustering concept - industrial parks, industrial clusters, enterprise zones, incubators and then free trade zones.
In March 2008, Charles Ugwuh allowed a limited number of licences for cement importation, trying to balance the need to protect the local cement industry while meeting unfilled demand.
In April 2008, he announced plans to revive the automobile industry, with focus on light vans, trucks and buses.
In May 2008 Charles Ugwuh noted that the food crisis, which started with a steep rise in the price of wheat, had spread to other parts of the world. To prevent shortage, the Federal Government would release grain from strategic reserves as needed.
On October 29, 2008, President Umaru Yar'Adua sacked 20 members of his cabinet, including Charles Ugwuh.

</doc>
<doc id="18886441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886441" title="Chenismus Forest Reserve">
Chenismus Forest Reserve

The Chenismus Forest Reserve was established in Oregon by the U.S. Forest Service on May 12, 1905 with . On March 1, 1907 it was combined with the first Wallowa National Forest to create Imnaha National Forest and the name was discontinued. Its lands presently exist as a portion of Wallowa–Whitman National Forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="18886464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886464" title="MRT Sungai Buloh-Kajang Line">
MRT Sungai Buloh-Kajang Line

The MRT Sungai Buloh-Kajang Line 
Announced in 2006, the line was initially planned as a Light Rail Transit (LRT) at 43 km in length, linking the densely populated areas of Damansara in the northwest and Cheras in the southeast, through the central business district of Kuala Lumpur city. However, the government is currently considering the possibility of extending the alignment at both ends of the line to Sungai Buloh and Kajang, respectively adding 16 km to the line making a total 59 km. In addition, the system is now a proposed mass Rapid Transit (MRT) system instead, providing the much needed larger capacity trains for the densely populated areas that the line will traverse.
The government gave the approval for the construction of an MRT line stretching from Sungai Buloh to Kajang in December 2010. It will be the first of three MRT lines proposed under the Government's Economic Transformation Programme.
Current timeline projection indicates project completion in 2017 as opposed to the original LRT plan which were supposed to be completed in 2014. The new line will be developed and owned by MRT Corp, which is 100% owned by the Ministry of Finance. Whether it will operate through subsidiaries of Prasarana's Rapid Rail under same brand name of Rapid KL can not be confirmed. It depends on Prasarana's capability and performance on managing its current rail network.
The System.
Alignment and Stations.
The first MRT Line covers a span of 51 kilometres from outskirt Sungai Buloh to the Kajang town, passing the Kuala Lumpur city centre in an underground setting. The line will be serving a conurbation of 1.2 million people residing in the Klang Valley region from north-west to the south-west of Kuala Lumpur. According to MRT Corp, the four-coaches trains with the capacity of 1,200 passengers will be in place to serve some 400,000 passengers per day.
There will be 31 stations along the Sungai Buloh-Kajang Line with 7 stations located at the designated underground railway system for a distance of 9.5 kilometres. 
Route Map 
The stations announced by MRT Corp on its official website are listed as below in order. All the station names are interim and subject to change.
Amendments.
Due to complaints from Taman Tun Dr Ismail residents, MRT Corp has announced that the TTDI station will be shifted from the original planned location. It is believed that the new site will be next to Caltex Station in Jalan Damansara.
After the MRT project was formally launched on July 8, 2011, the following amendments have been made to the original plan:-
Rolling Stock.
The rolling stock will be provided by Siemens with a partnership with Hisniaga Consortium Sdn Bhd. The trains will be driverless with a capacity of 1200 per set in a four car configuration. It is not confirmed which model will be supplied by Siemens but the current model for metro trains is Siemens Inspirio. 
The four-car trains will be maintained at 2 purpose built facilities, Sungai Buloh and Kajang depots, located nearby Kota Damansara and Saujana Impian stations respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18886480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886480" title="Polymer characterization">
Polymer characterization

Polymer characterization is the analytical branch of polymer science.
The discipline is concerned with the characterization of polymeric materials on a variety of levels. The characterization typically has as a goal to improve the performance of the material. As such, many characterization techniques should ideally be linked to the desirable properties of the material such as strength, impermeability, thermal stability, and optical properties.
Characterization techniques are typically used to determine molecular mass, molecular structure, morphology, thermal properties, and mechanical properties.
Molecular Mass.
The molecular mass of a polymer differs from typical molecules, in that polymerization reactions produce a distribution of molecular weights and shapes. The distribution of molecular masses can be summarized by the number average molecular weight, weight average molecular weight, and polydispersity. Some of the most common methods for determining these parameters are colligative property measurements, light scattering techniques, viscometry, and size exclusion chromatography.
Gel permeation chromatography, a type of size exclusion chromatography, is an especially useful technique used to directly determine the molecular weight distribution parameters based on the polymer's hydrodynamic volume. Gel permeation chromatography is often used in combination with Low-angle laser light scattering (LALLS) and or viscometry can be used to determine the molecular weight distribution as well as the degree of long chain branching of a polymer, provided a suitable solvent can be found. 
Molar mass determination of copolymers is a much more complicated procedure. The complications arise from the effect of solvent on the homopolymers and how this can affect the copolymer morphology. Analysis of copolymers typically requires multiple characterization methods. For instance, copolymers with short chain branching such as linear low-density polyethylene (a copolymer of ethylene and a higher alkene such as hexene or octene) require the use of Analytical Temperature Rising Elution Fractionation (ATREF) techniques. These techniques can reveal how the short chain branches are distributed over the various molecular weights.
Molecular Structure.
Many of the analytical techniques used to determine the molecular structure of unknown organic compounds are also used in polymer characterization. Spectroscopic techniques such as ultraviolet-visible spectroscopy, infrared spectroscopy, Raman spectroscopy, nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy, electron spin resonance spectroscopy, X-ray diffraction, and mass spectrometry are used to identify common functional groups.
Morphology.
Polymer morphology is a microscale property that is largely dictated by the amorphous or crystalline portions of the polymer chains and their influence on each other. Microscopy techniques are especially useful in determining these microscale properties, as the domains created by the polymer morphology are large enough to be viewed using modern microscopy instruments. Some of the most common microscopy techniques used are X-ray diffraction, Transmission Electron Microscopy, Scanning Transmission Electron Microscopy, Scanning Electron Microscopy, and Atomic Force Microscopy.
Polymer morphology on a mesoscale (nanometers to micrometers) is particularly important for the mechanical properties of many materials. Transmission Electron Microscopy in combination with staining techniques, but also Scanning Electron Microscopy, Scanning probe microscopy are important tools to optimize the morphology of materials like polybutadiene-polystyrene polymers and many polymer blends.
X-ray diffraction is generally not as powerful for this class of materials as they are either amorphous or poorly crystallized. The Small-angle scattering like Small-angle X-ray scattering (SAXS) can be used to measure the long periods of semicrystalline polymers.
Thermal properties.
A true workhorse for polymer characterization is thermal analysis, particularly Differential scanning calorimetry. Changes in the compositional and structural parameters of the material usually affect its melting transitions or glass transitions and these in turn can be linked to many performance parameters. For semicrystalline polymers it is an important method to measure crystallinity. Thermogravimetric analysis can also give an indication of polymer thermal stability and the effects of additives such as flame retardants.
Other thermal analysis techniques are typically combinations of the basic techniques and include differential thermal analysis, thermomechanical analysis, dynamic mechanical thermal analysis, and dielectric thermal analysis.
Dynamic mechanical spectroscopy and Dielectric spectroscopy are essentially extensions of thermal analysis that can reveal more subtle transitions with temperature as they affect the complex modulus or the dielectric function of the material.
Mechanical Properties.
The characterization of mechanical properties in polymers typically refers to a measure of the strength of a polymer film. The tensile strength and Young's modulus of elasticity are of particular interest for describing the stress-strain properties of polymer films. Dynamic mechanical analysis is the most common technique used to characterize this viscoelastic behavior. Other techniques include viscometry, rheometry, and pendulum hardness.

</doc>
<doc id="18886486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886486" title="Imnaha National Forest">
Imnaha National Forest

Imnaha National Forest was established in Oregon on March 1, 1907 with when the first Wallowa National Forest and Chenismus National Forest were combined. Its lands presently exist as part of Wallowa–Whitman National Forest.
It is adjacent to Hells Canyon National Recreation Area.

</doc>
<doc id="18886502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886502" title="2008–09 Botola">
2008–09 Botola

The 2008–09 season of the Botola, the first division of Moroccan football.
Table.
P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="18886506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886506" title="African American Museum (New York)">
African American Museum (New York)

The African American Museum also known as the African American Museum of Nassau County, which opened in 1970, is dedicated to showcasing local and national African American artists. The 6,000 sq. ft. facility is operated by the Museum Services Division of the Nassau County Department of Recreation, Parks and Support Services, the museum is located at 110 North Franklin Street in Hempstead, New York and is one of a number of cultural organizations in the region where visitors can learn about the role of African Americans in Long Island's history. The museum, one of the only African American museums in New York, hosts a number of events including Black History Month and Kwanzaa celebrations and commemorations of the lives of important figures including Martin Luther King, Jr. and Malcolm X among others. In an effort to increase visitation, Nassau County decided in 2005 to eliminate admission fees. 
One of the museum's founders was Dr. Leroy Ramsey, a former military historian for the Department of Defense. and the museum's Director for the first twenty years was Willie Houston. In addition to the large number of school groups that the museum receives, the Museum is also the location of and is managed by the African Atlantic Genealogy Society, which provides workshops and research assistance into family genealogy. 
In 2005 the museum was one of the first ten recipients of the "Museum Preservation Award", granted by American Legacy magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="18886514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886514" title="Sandra Stevens">
Sandra Stevens

Sandra Stevens (born 23 November 1949, Leeds, Yorkshire) is a British singer and member of pop group Brotherhood of Man.
Early career.
Sandra Stevens first entered into a singing career at the age of sixteen when she joined the club band, The Track (who then changed their name to The Nocturnes). The group was formed by drummer Ross Mitchell and among the six members Stevens sang vocals alongside Eve Graham (later of The New Seekers). Based in Manchester, the band played local clubs, performing pop hits of the day such as "The Loco-Motion" and "Da Doo Ron Ron".
In early 1967 Stevens decided to leave the group and was replaced by Lyn Paul (also later of The New Seekers). Over the next few years she sang with the big bands of Joe Loss and Ken MacKintosh and also joined another group, Jason Flocks. Also at this time Stevens was working during the day as a shorthand typist.
Brotherhood of Man.
In 1973, Stevens was performing as the resident singer at the Wakefield Theatre when she came to the attention of Tony Hiller who was looking to recruit a new singer for Brotherhood of Man - a group he was managing. The group were currently performing as a trio (Martin Lee, Lee Sheriden and Nicky Stevens (no relation)) and had released two singles. Stevens took the two singles and listened to them, immediately she was taken by the sound and was keen to join them. In late 1973 Brotherhood of Man became a four-piece with Sandra sharing lead vocals.
It wasn't long before the group released their first single featuring the new line up. In January 1974 "When Love Catches Up on You" was released on Dawn Records and by the end of the year they had scored a European hit with "Lady" and had released an album.
Over the next few years, Stevens enjoyed great success with Brotherhood of Man throughout the world. In 1975 they scored their first number one single and a year later they won the Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Save Your Kisses for Me". The song made No.1 in the UK as well as many other countries and this was followed by two more UK chart toppers, "Angelo" and "Figaro". Although Hiller, Sheriden and Lee wrote the bulk of their material, Stevens is credited as a co-writer on one of their songs: "Let's Love Together", the B-Side to "Save Your Kisses for Me". In over 100 songs recorded, this is the only time that one of the female members of the group received a writing credit.
Stevens continued with Brotherhood of Man, recording lead vocals for many of their biggest hits and performing live with them through the decades. The group is still together and active today, still with the same line-up. They continue to appear in concert and on television.
Personal life.
During the peak of the group's success, Stevens was in a relationship with fellow band member Martin Lee and moved in with him. Due to the young age of many of the group's fans, this was kept largely a secret. In August 1979 they married and are still together today. They have no children and live in Surrey.

</doc>
<doc id="18886566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886566" title="American Amusement Machine Association">
American Amusement Machine Association

The American Amusement Machine Association (AAMA) is a trade association established in 1981 which represents the coin-operated amusement machine industry.
Video game controversy.
In 2000, the AAMA was sued by Teri Kendrick, who believed that minors should have limited access to video games that featured violence; it was eventually settled in 2001 with a reversal of the original judgment.
The AAMA, in association with the Amusement & Music Operators Association, established the Parental Advisory System (PAS), which rates the content of arcade games.

</doc>
<doc id="18886567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886567" title="Judith Sealander">
Judith Sealander

Judith Sealander is an American historian and professor. She is Professor of History at Bowling Green State University.
Education.
Sealander received a Ph.D. in history in 1977 from Duke University.
Career.
Sealander has researched women's history, business and educational progressivism and philanthropy. She has studied American government efforts to promote health, opportunity and security to children and pronounces them as failures.
Before teaching at Bowling Green State University, she taught at Wright State University.
She is a recipient of the 1998 Ohio Academy of History Outstanding Publication Award. Sealander is also the recipient of numerous awards from the National Endowment for the Humanities, American Association of Colleges, Rockefeller Archive Center, and the Indiana University Center for the Study of Philanthropy.
Publications.
Sealander, Judith (2005, forthcoming) "The Rockefeller Legacy and Medical Reform," Philanthropy in the United States, Dwight Burlingame, ed., ABC-CLIO.
Sealander, Judith (2005, forthcoming) "Perpetually Malnourished"? The Birth of Nutrition Science and the Problem of Child Feeding in the United States," Children's Health in History: International Perspectives, Cheryl Warsh and Veronica Strong-Boag, eds., Wilfrid Laurier University Press, .
Sealander, Judith (2005, forthcoming) Introduction to L. P. Brockett, The Philanthropic Results of War (original issue: 1863), Harvard University, Hauser Center for Nonprofit Organization, Landmarks in Philanthropy: A Republication Project.
Sealander, Judith (2006, forthcoming) "Discipline and Order," Competing Modernities: The United States and Germany, 1890–1960, Christof Mauch and Dirk Schumann, eds., Cambridge University Press.
Sealander, Judith. Forthcoming 2005. Senior Editor, “The Midwest and Civic Culture.” Encyclopedia of the Midwest, Indiana University Press.
Sealander, Judith. Forthcoming 2005. “Philanthropists and Philanthropy.” In Encyclopedia of New England Culture, Burt Feintuch, Suzanne Guiod, and David Watters (Eds.). Yale University Press.
Sealander, Judith. 2004. “Brother, Can You Spare a Dime? Depression-Era Charitable Giving.” In Encyclopedia of the Great Depression, Joe Clements (Ed.), Macmillan.
Sealander, Judith. 2003 The Failed Century of the Child: Governing America's Young in the Twentieth Century. Cambridge University Press.
Sealander, Judith. 2002. “’Curing Evils at Their Source’: The Arrival of Scientific Giving,” In American Philanthropy, Lawrence Friedman and Mark McGarvie (Eds.), Cambridge University Press.
Sealander, Judith. 2001. "American Foundations and Philanthropy." In Encyclopedia of American Cultural and Intellectual History, M. Cayton and P.Williams (Eds.), Scribners.
Sealander, Judith. "Grand Plans: Business Progressivism and Social Change in Ohio's Miami Valley, 1890-1920" (Lexington: University Press of Kentucky, 1988).

</doc>
<doc id="18886574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886574" title="USS Chimon (AG-150)">
USS Chimon (AG-150)

USS "Chimon" (AG-150/AKS-31) – also known as USS "LST-1102" -- was an launched by the U.S. Navy during the final months of World War II. Chimon served as a transport and stores ship for the U.S. 7th Fleet, and was decommissioned after service in the Korean War.
Constructed in Evansville, Indiana.
"Chimon" was launched as "LST-1102" 10 January 1945 by Missouri Valley Bridge and Iron Works, Evansville, Indiana; sponsored by Mrs. O. Snyder; and commissioned 29 January 1945, Lieutenant L. J. Patterson, USNR, in command.
World War II-related service.
Sailing from Gulfport, Mississippi, 7 March 1945, "LST-1102" arrived at Pearl Harbor 4 April to load cargo for delivery to bases at Kwajalein, Eniwetok, and Ulithi. 
This duty completed, she joined a convoy at Leyte 21 June and arrived at Okinawa 5 days later to complete offloading her cargo. After transporting Marines from Naha to Hagushi, she sailed from Okinawa 10 July and returned to Pearl Harbor 5 August. At the close of the war, she loaded men and equipment for the occupation of Japan, and on 27 September arrived at Wakayama, Japan.
"LST-1102" continued to support the occupation of Japan until 4 November 1945. She called at Guam to embark homeward bound servicemen and arrived back at Pearl Harbor 1 December to undergo conversion to a mobile spare parts ship. 
Converted into a spare parts ship.
Her conversion completed, "LST-1102" got underway from Pearl Harbor 4 April 1946 to return to Far Eastern duty at Shanghai, and Tsingtao, China until 8 October 1947. Arriving at San Pedro, California, 7 November, she shifted to San Diego, California, a week later and was placed out of commission in reserve there 21 November 1947. 
She was reclassified AG-150, 27 January 1949 and assigned the name "Chimon" on 1 February 1949.
Korean War service.
Recommissioned 27 December 1950 under the command of Lieutenant G. W. Hessemer, USNR, "Chimon" was assigned to Service Squadron 3 and sailed for the Far East on 2 May 1951. Arriving at Sasebo, Japan, 13 June, she alternated operations from that port and Yokosuka in support of the Korean War. 
Reclassified AKS-31 on 18 August 1951, she remained in the Far East serving the 7th Fleet in its watchful operations to keep peace until 20 November 1957, occasionally visiting Hong Kong and the Philippines. 
Post-war decommissioning.
Arriving at San Francisco, California, 22 December, "Chimon" was placed in commission in reserve 22 January 1958 and out of commission in reserve 22 April 1958. "Chimon" was sold, and removed from naval custody on 2 November 1959.
Honors and awards.
"Chimon" received one battle star (as "LST-1102") for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="18886592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886592" title="Flamenco Residences">
Flamenco Residences

Flamenco Residences is a group of residential buildings under construction in Constanța, Romania.
Description.
Modern Towers - from their windows the city's lights create magic nights. From their terraces, morning coffee tastes like holiday.
Gazing at the sea and with Siutghiol Lake nearby, Flamenco Residences will rewrite Constanta's landscape, introducing thin shaped buildings, with 19 and 20 floors, and offering a unique view towards the city.
The 5 towers of Flamenco Residences will also offer leisure facilities as an incentive for the 1000 apartments of the complex.

</doc>
<doc id="18886594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886594" title="Minam National Forest">
Minam National Forest

Minam National Forest was first established in Oregon on July 1, 1911 with from part of Wallowa National Forest. On June 20, 1920 it was transferred Whitman National Forest and the name was discontinued. Its lands exist now as part of Wallowa–Whitman National Forest 

</doc>
<doc id="18886616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886616" title="Bill Stulla">
Bill Stulla

William "Bill" Stulla (May 24, 1911 – August 12, 2008), also known as Engineer Bill, was an award-winning host of children's television. He was born in New York City.
From 1951 to 1954, he hosted "Bill Stulla's Parlor Party." Later, he hosted Cartoon Express on KHJ-TV 9 (Ind) from 1954 to 1966; in this position, he won two Emmy Awards. In addition to the usual cartoons, the show included an odd game called "Red Light, Green Light" where children were given glasses of milk which they would drink when the announcer ("Freight Train" Wayne Thomas) said "green light" and stop drinking when he said "red light". If they finished their glass before the game was over, they lost and were referred to as "gulpers". Also featured on the show was "Little Mo, the bad habit buster," in which a small model electric train engine attempted to push a model boxcar containing the "bad habit" of the week into a bin, located at the top of an incline. A new bad habit was named on Monday, and the effort concluded, usually successfully, on Friday. Bill Stulla closed his show with his signature message to his young audience, "Happy highball, engineers!" 
In 1966, he retired from broadcasting and became a stockbroker. He died in Los Angeles in 2008, aged 97.
Stulla is credited as an inspiration in the liner notes for the 1966 Mothers of Invention album, "Freak Out".

</doc>
<doc id="18886631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886631" title="Queensland Housing Commission">
Queensland Housing Commission

The Queensland Housing Commission was a Queensland Government agency which was established in 1945 under the "State Housing Act 1945". The agency aimed to improve the lives of individuals and families by providing access to secure, affordable and appropriate housing.
One of the earliest and biggest projects undertaken by the Commission was a detached housing estate in Inala. In the Brisbane suburb of Stafford a significant number of post-war Queensland Housing Commission homes were built on quarter-acre blocks in the 1940s and 1950s.
After the Second World War, the Imported Homes Scheme was initiated and funded by the Federal government. Together with French contractors 886 prefabricated homes were built in the Brisbane suburb of Zillmere.
In 1981, the first residence to cater for the needs of people with a disability was adapted.
In 2004 the Commission was abolished, with the Department of Housing taking over its role under the "Housing Act 2003".

</doc>
<doc id="18886633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886633" title="Dan Meis">
Dan Meis

Dan Meis (born 1961) is an American architect based in Los Angeles best known for designing sports and entertainment facilities including LA’s STAPLES Center. His 25 years of experience began in Chicago with Helmut/Jahn and includes time at some of the most well-known sports architecture firms in addition to co-founding the sports and entertainment practice of NBBJ. Dan currently operates his own independent studio, MEIS, out of his office in Venice Beach, California.
While at Ellerbe Becket in 1992, Meis designed Europe's largest indoor arena, the Nynex Arena (now Manchester Evening News Arena) in Manchester, England. In 1995, Meis lead the design competition for the Nikken Sekkei and Ellerbe Becket team that won the $750 million Saitama Super Arena in Japan. Soon after winning the design competition, Meis left Ellerbe Becket to join established Seattle practice NBBJ, establishing NBBJ's sports division with Ron Turner. Meis and Turner designed sports, entertainment and convention facilities that were well-acclaimed including Staples Center in Los Angeles, the Dodge Theater (now Comerica Theatre) in Phoenix, Miller Park in Milwaukee, Safeco Field in Seattle, Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia and Paul Brown Stadium in Cincinnati. Paul Brown Stadium was the first NFL facility to win an AIA design award. NBBJ's design for Los Angeles' Staples Center has been heralded as the "greatest arena ever built", and in 2001 he appeared in "Time" magazine as one of their "100 Innovators in the World of Sports". His work has twice been awarded the prestigious "Business Week"/"Architectural Record" Award, recognizing the value of design to a client's business, and he is the only architect twice recognized as one of "Sports Business Journal"'s "40 under 40 Most Influential Sports Executives". Meis' work has been featured in numerous publications and he is a frequent lecturer at architectural schools across the US. 
Meis focuses on creating venues that, while considered iconic, are distinguished instead by the significant contribution to the client's bottom line. Additionally, Meis specializes in renovation, retrofitting and master planning of existing venues in need of significant upgrades and revenue generation. Ongoing projects being designed by Meis include one alternative for the NFL to return to Los Angeles with Los Angeles NFL Stadium, various undertakings for the United States Tennis Association, and Sports City Stadium for the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Doha, Qatar. Meis is also currently leading the conceptual design effort for a new stadium for Italian club AS Roma.
Education.
Meis studied environmental design and engineering at the University of Colorado in Boulder, and later received a Bachelors of Architecture from the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Professional recognition.
Meis was named a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects and, in 2001, he was recognized as one of the Top 100 innovators in his field by "Time" magazine.
In 2007, two of Meis' designs, Safeco Field and Paul Brown Stadium, were included in the American Institute of Architects' list of "America's Favorite Architecture". Meis also has the distinction of twice being named one of "Sports Business Journal"'s "40 Under 40"” Most Influential People in the world of sports.
Meis is a member of the Los Angeles chapter of the American Institute of Architects. His work has been showcased in several of publications, including "Architectural Record", "Metropolis", "I.D.", "L.A. Architect", "Stadium & Arena Management" and "SPACE" magazine.
Personal life.
Meis currently lives in Los Angeles with his wife and two children.

</doc>
<doc id="18886639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886639" title="Pim Nieuwenhuis">
Pim Nieuwenhuis

Sailing career.
Nieuwenhuis started in the optimist dinghy where he picked up the first racing skills. Soon he moved on to Olympic classes and started in the Tornado class in 1994. He was recruited by coach Roy Heiner as a talent for his big boat campaigns. After 5 years of big boat sailing Pim moved back again to sail Olympic classes, this time in the 49er, missing out on the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. Nieuwenhuis started a new Olympic campaign with Mitch Booth in the tornado in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18886653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886653" title="Cheyenne National Forest">
Cheyenne National Forest

Cheyenne National Forest was established in Wyoming by the U.S. Forest Service on July 1, 1908 with from part of Medicine Bow National Forest and all of Crow Creek National Forest. On July 1, 1910 a portion was eliminated and the remainder renamed Medicine Bow National Forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="18886687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886687" title="List of islands of the Republic of Macedonia">
List of islands of the Republic of Macedonia

This is a list of islands of the Republic of Macedonia. Since the country is landlocked, all its islands are situated in lakes or rivers. The largest island in the Republic of Macedonia is Golem Grad in Prespa Lake with an area of 0.18 km², and also the only one found in a natural lake (the rest are themselves natural, but situated in artificial lakes).
River islands.
River islands are found mainly in course of the Vardar that stretches from the central to the southern part of the country. Of special note are those found in Valandovo Municipality. ().

</doc>
<doc id="18886705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886705" title="List of postal rates in the British Mandate of Palestine">
List of postal rates in the British Mandate of Palestine

The List of postal rates in the British Mandate of Palestine are the postal rates in effect in Palestine under military occupation from British and allied forces and later civil administration of the British Mandate of Palestine between 1917 and 1948. During the Mandate, postal services were provided by British authorities. 
After occupation by allied forces in 1917, basic postage was free for civilians. Registration fees and parcels had to be franked using British or Indian stamps. Once the EEF stamps printed in Cairo came on sale, mail to overseas destinations had to be paid for from 10 February 1918, and from 16 February 1918 also mail to the then occupied territories and Egypt.
The structure of postal rates followed broadly British practice and new services, like airmail and express delivery, were added over the years. From 1926 reduced rates applied for mail to Britain and Ireland, and from 1 March 1938 to 4 September 1939, Palestine was part of the "All Up Empire" airmail rates system.

</doc>
<doc id="18886717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886717" title="McKenna Long &amp; Aldridge">
McKenna Long &amp; Aldridge

McKenna Long & Aldridge LLP (MLA) is a United States-based international law and public policy firm. It has more than 575 attorneys and public policy advisors in 13 offices and 11 markets. The firm provides legal, business, and public policy solutions in the areas of complex litigation, corporate law, environment, energy, family wealth, finance, insurance, global infrastructure, government contracts, health care, intellectual property, technology, and real estate.
In 2012, the firm’s government contracts practice marked its 54th year making it the oldest government contracts practice in the U.S. The same year, it was ranked as the 101st largest law firm in the country by "The National Law Journal’s" “NLJ 250” rankings and placed 100th on "The American Lawyer's" “AmLaw 200” rankings with US$270,000,000 in gross revenue in 2010. Chambers USA has called McKenna Long & Aldridge "a true titan in the field" with “fantastic knowledge of the intricacies of the sector and its capacity for dealing with the political dimensions of public procurement.” The firm represents the top five and 10 of the top 15 largest defense contractors, based on total contracting dollars in 2010.
History.
McKenna Long & Aldridge was formed by the 2002 merger of two firms—the Washington, DC-based McKenna & Cuneo and the Atlanta-based Long Aldridge & Norman. The firm that would become McKenna & Cuneo was founded in 1939 by Franklin D. Roosevelt's former attorney general, Homer Stille Cummings. In a December 1999 profile of McKenna & Cuneo, the "Legal Times" noted that early lawyers at the firm, Gilbert Cuneo and Albert Reeves Jr., helped create the nation’s first government contracts practice. The firm that would become Long Aldridge & Norman was founded in 1974 by Clay Long, John Aldridge and Bill Stevens. The firm focused on corporate and business law through its Atlanta and Washington, DC offices. In 2012, MLA and San Diego-based law firm Luce, Forward, Hamilton & Scripps LLP combined practices. Luce, Forward, founded in 1873 by Moses A. Luce, was the first law firm founded in what would become San Diego, California, and was the firm responsible for drafting the charter that established the city. The merged firms operate under the name McKenna Long & Aldridge LLP.
Locations.
The firm maintains 16 offices in 13 cities in the United States, Europe, and Asia:

</doc>
<doc id="18886731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886731" title="Crow Creek National Forest">
Crow Creek National Forest

Crow Creek National Forest was established as the Crow Creek Forest Reserve in Wyoming by the General Land Office on October 10, 1900 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905, it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 it was combined with part of Medicine Bow National Forest to create Cheyenne National Forest. The name was discontinued, and the Cheyenne was renamed Medicine Bow in 1910. 

</doc>
<doc id="18886732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886732" title="Kbdconfig">
Kbdconfig

The kbdconfig utility is a Unix terminal mode program used to configure the default keymap keyboard layout map used by the system. This enables non-US keymap layouts to be used.

</doc>
<doc id="18886736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886736" title="Nat Taylor">
Nat Taylor

Nathan A. Taylor (1906 – February 29, 2004) was a Canadian inventor. 
Taylor was born and raised in Toronto and began his business career in 1918 selling postcards.
As head of Twentieth Century Theatres, an Ontario branch of Famous Players Canadian Corporation, he built one of the world's first cineplex movie theatres in Ottawa, Ontario at the Elgin Theatre. The Elgin's second screen opened in December 1947 on a patch of land adjacent to the original 1935 theatre. At first, the same program played in both auditoriums, but several years later Taylor came up with the idea of selling tickets to different movies from the same box office, laying claim as the first to do so. He also created one of the first movie theatres in a shopping mall (the dual-screen at Yorkdale Plaza in Toronto, Ontario, opened in 1964) and one of the first in an office building (another dual-screen, opened in 1962 in Place Ville Marie in Montreal, Quebec). By the 1970s, Taylor had entirely sold all but a few of his theatres to Famous Players, yet he started a new theatre chain from scratch, with Garth Drabinsky co-founding Cineplex Odeon cinemas. The first location in 1979 at the Toronto Eaton Centre had 18 screens (soon increased to 21), a Guinness World Record at the time.
He started the Canadian Film Weekly in 1941, edited by Hye Bossin. The magazine quickly became the key film trade paper in Canada, supplemented in 1951 with a yearbook for the Canadian film industry, and taking over the competing Canadian Moving Picture Digest in 1956. Taylor also distributed films, and produced of one of Canada's first horror movies "The Mask". He was given a special Genie Award in 1984 for Outstanding Contributions to the Canadian Film Industry. In 1982, he received an honorary degree from York University after donating a movie theatre in his name to the school. 
He was married to Claire Drainie Taylor, a well-known Canadian arts figure. He died from natural causes.

</doc>
<doc id="18886742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886742" title="Queensland Water Commission">
Queensland Water Commission

The Queensland Water Commission (QWC) is a defunct Queensland Government agency established to develop long term water supply strategies. The Commission was chaired by Mary Boydell and the chief executive officer was John Bradley.
The agency was responsible for setting water restriction policy and coordinating water infrastructure projects in the state. In South East Queensland, the Commission established a regional water grid known as the SEQ Water Grid and the Western Corridor Recycled Water Project. Together with new dams and desalination plants the Commission aimed to counter the worst effects of drought in Australia.
As part of 50-year South East Queensland water strategy the QWC recommended that the Government of Queensland focus on recycled water projects, rather than desalination plants, because desalination plants are too energy intensive and recycled water provides supply regardless of changes in climate.
On the 1 January 2013, the Queensland Water Commission ceased operations.

</doc>
<doc id="18886746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886746" title="Weekend View">
Weekend View

Weekend View was a weekend weather program on The Weather Channel that aired from 5-11 a.m. Eastern Time. Because of this timeslot, it can be considered the weekend equivalent to "Morning Rush", although it aired for six hours in comparison to the three-hour time length of "Morning Rush". "Weekend View" included local and national outlooks for the day as well as lifestyle segments.
Program history.
"Weekend View"'s initial launch date was planned for September 17, 2005, but its premiere was delayed two weeks due to the busy 2005 hurricane season. Initial plans for the program, then hosted by Dao Vu and meteorlogists Bill Keneely, Kelly Cass and Stephanie Abrams included an accompanying primetime talk show to debut in the second quarter of 2006, though those plans never came to fruition.
In the fall of 2006, meteorologist Stephanie Abrams left the program to co-host "" with Mike Bettes and was not replaced. Later, in September 2007, meteorologist Samantha Mohr joined The Weather Channel to replace Kelly Cass, who moved to "PM Edition". This move proved to be short-lived, as Cass returned to the program in May 2008. In April 2008, Vu (only the second non-meteorologist to ever host a live weather program on the channel; the other being Liz Jarvis-Fabian, who worked for the channel from 1986 to 1989) left and was not replaced.
On March 7, 2009, "Weekend View" expanded by two hours from 5-11 a.m. ET. At this point, Bill Keneely, the only host to remain with the show from the beginning of its run was moved to the weekend late night edition of "PM Edition", while Betty Davis joined Kelly Cass on the 7-11 a.m. block. Jeff Morrow and Alex Wallace co-hosted the new 5-7 a.m. block. On July 31, 2010, Betty Davis left "Weekend View", and departed from The Weather Channel as well; Maria LaRosa became her official replacement. In November 2010, Kelly Cass moved to "Weather Center Live" and Maria LaRosa joined Todd Santos for "Weekend Now". Jen Carfagno and Eric Fisher became their replacements for the 7 a.m.-11 a.m. Eastern Time edition.
In July 2012, Alex Wallace moved to "First Outlook", and was replaced by Danielle Banks. In October 2012, Jeff Morrow left TWC, and was replaced by Ray Stagich. In November 2012, Danielle Banks left for "Weekend Now" and "Weather Center Live", and was not replaced.
If there was a major weather event, the 5-7 a.m. block of "Weekend View" would start two hours earlier and air from 3-7 a.m., and a meteorologist would join Ray Stagich during that time.
Eric Fisher left TWC on July 1, 2013, and was replaced by Reynolds Wolf.
On November 10, 2013, "Weekend View" aired its final broadcast after more than eight years. It was replaced by the new all-day "Weather Center Live" program on November 16, as part of the 2013 relaunch of the Weather Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="18886753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886753" title="Leda Atomica">
Leda Atomica

Leda Atomica is a painting by Salvador Dalí, made in 1949. The picture depicts Leda, the mythological queen of Sparta, with the swan. Leda is a frontal portrait of Dalí's wife, Gala, who is seated on a pedestal with a swan suspended behind and to her left. Different objects such as a book, a set square, two stepping stools and an egg float around the main figure. In the background on both sides, the rocks of Cap Norfeu (on the Costa Brava in Catalonia, between Roses and Cadaqués) define the location of the image.
The painting is exhibited in the Dalí Theatre and Museum in Figueres and Mirberry Mews, Nottingham curtesy of the Blackwell Art Foundation.
Mythological background.
Leda was admired by Zeus, who raped her in the guise of a swan on her wedding night when she slept with her husband Tyndareus. This double consummation of her marriage resulted in two eggs, each of them hatching twins: from the first egg Castor and Pollux, and from the second Clytemnestra and Helen.
Structure of the painting.
"Leda Atomica" is organized according to a rigid mathematical framework, following the "divine proportion". Leda and the swan are set in a pentagon inside which has been inserted a five-point star of which Dalí made several sketches. The five points of the star symbolize the seeds of perfection: love, order, light (truth), willpower and word (action). 
The harmony of the framework was calculated by the artist following the recommendations of Romanian mathematician Matila Ghyka. Unlike his contemporaries who took the view that mathematics distracted from or interrupted artistic inspiration, Dalí considered that any work of art, to be such, had to be based on composition and calculation. Ghyka's influence is clear in the mathematical formula of the golden ratio in the lower right of the image
which Ghyka specifically cites to calculate the side of a regular pentagon.
Symbolism of the painting.
After the atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima, Dalí took his work in a new direction based on the principle that the modern age had to be assimilated into art if art was to be truly contemporary. Dalí acknowledged the discontinuity of matter, incorporating a mysterious sense of levitation into his "Leda Atomica". Just as one finds that at the atomic level particles do not physically touch, so here Dalí suspends even the water above the shore—an element that would figure into many other later works. Every object in the painting is carefully painted to be motionless in space, even though nothing in the painting is connected. Leda looks as if she is trying to touch the back of the swan’s head, but doesn’t do it.
Dalí himself described the painting in the following way:
""Dalí shows us the hierarchized libidinous emotion, suspended and as though hanging in midair, in accordance with the modern 'nothing touches' theory of intra-atomic physics. Leda does not touch the swan; Leda does not touch the pedestal; the pedestal does not touch the base; the base does not touch the sea; the sea does not touch the shore. . . .""
Her right hand suggests her urge for something that is yet unclear to even herself. It might be the symbolism of the process of her impregnation, and the love and mystery of the swan. The hatched egg could represent the fruit of the union of Leda with the swan, which resulted in the birth of twins. Dalí paints Gala's wedding ring, a picture of a mystic marriage. In his painting of "Leda Atomica" Dalí shows his thought of an oneiric seduction of Gala.
In reference to the classical myth Dalí identified himself with the immortal Pollux while his deceased older brother (also called Salvador) would represent Castor, the mortal of the twins. Another equivalence could be made regarding the other twins of the myth, Dalí’s sister Ana María being the mortal Clytemnestra, while Gala would represent divine Helen. Salvador Dalí himself wrote: "I started to paint Leda Atómica which exalts Gala, the metaphysical goddess and succeeded to create the ‘suspended space’".
Dalí’s Catholicism enables also other interpretations of the painting. The painting can be conceived as Dalí's way of interpreting the Annunciation. The swan seems to whisper her future in her ear, possibly a reference to the legend that the conception of Jesus was achieved by the introduction of the breath of the Holy Ghost into the Virgin Mary’s ear. Leda looks straight into the bird's eyes with an understanding expression of what is happening to her and what will happen in the future to her and to her unsure reality. Dalí's transformation of Mary is the result of love as if he created his love to Gala, like God to Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="18886764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886764" title="Chiricahua National Forest">
Chiricahua National Forest

Chiricahua National Forest was established as the Chiricahua Forest Reserve in Cochise County, Arizona by the General Land Office on July 1, 1902 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905, it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 it absorbed Peloncillo National Forest, including lands in Hidalgo County, New Mexico. On July 1, 1917 Chiricahua was absorbed by Coronado National Forest and the name was discontinued.
The forest included part of the Chiricahua Mountains, one of the Madrean Sky Islands. A portion of the National Forest lands were transferred to the National Park Service with the establishment of Chiricahua National Monument in 1924. The remaining lands are presently administered by the Douglas Ranger District of Coronado.

</doc>
<doc id="18886781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886781" title="Peloncillo National Forest">
Peloncillo National Forest

Peloncillo National Forest was established as the Peloncillo Forest Reserve in Arizona and New Mexico on November 15, 1906 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 it was combined with the Chiricahua National Forest and the name was discontinued. Its lands presently exist as part of the Coronado National Forest.
Much of the forest was transferred out of the National Forest system to the Bureau of Land Management and the remainder, (now part of the Douglas Ranger District of Coronado) is at the extreme southern end of the Peloncillo Mountains in Cochise County, Arizona and Hidalgo County, New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18886790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886790" title="Railway stations in Zambia">
Railway stations in Zambia

Railway stations in Zambia include:
Principal towns served by rail.
Zambia - Namibia.
Proposed in August 2013 

</doc>
<doc id="18886796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886796" title="LatinWorks">
LatinWorks

LatinWorks is an advertising agency based in Austin, Texas, with satellite offices in Dallas, Texas, and Detroit, Michigan, and is part of the Omnicom Group. The company was founded in 1998 by Manny Flores and Alejandro Ruelas. LatinWorks’ President and Chief Creative is Sergio Alcocer, who also served as a judge for the Cannes Festival.
In 2012, LatinWorks was named Multicultural Agency of the Year by both "Advertising Age" & "AdWeek", as well as being named Small Agency of the Year by "Advertising Age". In 2011, LatinWorks was named to Ad Age's A-List and won two Lions at the Cannes Festival. In 2010, LatinWorks was named Multicultural Agency of the Year by both "Advertising Age" and "AdWeek".
The agency is most widely known for their Super Bowl XLI commercial for Bud Light which starred Carlos Mencia teaching a classroom of foreigners how to order a Bud Light. The spot was the #1 most replayed commercial that year according to TiVo.
Agency Culture.
LatinWorks has over 125 employees representing the United States and regions around the world including Argentina, Colombia, Venezuela, Mexico, France, Guatemala, Portugal, Puerto Rico, Cuba, and the Dominican Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="18886823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886823" title="Clark National Forest">
Clark National Forest

Clark National Forest aka Clark forest was a National Forest in Missouri established on September 11, 1939 with . On July 1, 1973 it was administratively combined with Mark Twain National Forest, and on February 17, 1976 it was absorbed by Mark Twain. 

</doc>
<doc id="18886837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886837" title="Tomasz Motyka">
Tomasz Motyka

Tomasz Motyka (born May 8, 1981 in Wrocław) is a Polish fencer who won a silver medal in Men's Team Épée (Fencing) at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, together with Adam Wiercioch, Radosław Zawrotniak, and Robert Andrzejuk.
For his sport achievements, he received: <br>

</doc>
<doc id="18886850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886850" title="Cochetopa National Forest">
Cochetopa National Forest

Cochetopa National Forest was established in Colorado on July 1, 1908 with , renamed from Cochetopah National Forest. On May 26, 1930 it received land from Leadville National Forest. On July 1, 1944 Cochetopa was broken up between Gunnison, Rio Grande and San Isabel National Forests. 

</doc>
<doc id="18886880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886880" title="Adam Wiercioch">
Adam Wiercioch

Adam Wiercioch (born November 1, 1980 in Gliwice, Śląskie) is a Polish fencer who won a silver medal in Men's Team Épée (Fencing) at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, together with Tomasz Motyka, Radosław Zawrotniak, and Robert Andrzejuk.
For his sport achievements, he received: <br>

</doc>
<doc id="18886933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886933" title="Radosław Zawrotniak">
Radosław Zawrotniak

Radosław Zawrotniak (born September 2, 1981 in Kraków, Małopolskie) is a Polish fencer who won a silver medal in Men's Team Épée (Fencing) at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, together with Tomasz Motyka, Adam Wiercioch, and Robert Andrzejuk.
For his sport achievements, he received: <br>
Record Against Selected Opponents.
Includes results from all competitions 2006–present and major competitions from pre - 2006. The list includes athletes who have reached the quarterfinals at the World Championships or Olympic Games, plus those who have earned medals in major team competitions. 

</doc>
<doc id="18886940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886940" title="Cochetopah National Forest">
Cochetopah National Forest

Cochetopah National Forest was established as the Cochetopah Forest Reserve in Colorado on June 13, 1905 with . It became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 it was renamed Cochetopa National Forest and exchanged land with Leadville National Forest, ceding land to Rio Grande National Forest and Gunnison National Forest. Its lands exist now as portions of San Isabel, Gunnison and Rio Grande National Forests. 

</doc>
<doc id="18886958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886958" title="Tigran Martirosyan">
Tigran Martirosyan

Tigran Martirosyan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18886975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18886975" title="Robert Andrzejuk">
Robert Andrzejuk

Robert Andrzejuk (born July 17, 1975 in Wrocław, Dolnośląskie) is a Polish fencer who won a silver medal in Men's Team Épée (Fencing) at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, together with Tomasz Motyka, Adam Wiercioch, and Radosław Zawrotniak.
For his sport achievements, he received: <br>

</doc>
<doc id="18887002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887002" title="Colorado National Forest">
Colorado National Forest

Colorado National Forest was established in Colorado on July 1, 1910 with from Medicine Bow National Forest. On March 28, 1932 it was renamed Roosevelt National Forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="18887008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887008" title="Loutété">
Loutété

Loutété is a small town in southeastern Congo (Brazzaville).
Transport.
It is served by a station on the narrow gauge Congo-Ocean Railway.
Industry.
It has a cement works.

</doc>
<doc id="18887009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887009" title="Scott Hemond">
Scott Hemond

Scott Mathew Hemond (November 18, 1965 in Taunton, Massachusetts), is a retired professional baseball player who played catcher in the Major Leagues from -. He played for the Oakland Athletics, Chicago White Sox, and St. Louis Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="18887028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887028" title="Coquille National Forest">
Coquille National Forest

Coquille National Forest was established in Oregon by the U.S. Forest Service on March 2, 1907 with . On July 1, 1908 it was combined with Siskiyou National Forest and the name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18887077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887077" title="Carol Huynh">
Carol Huynh

Carol Huynh (; born 16 November 1980) is a Canadian freestyle wrestler. Huynh was the first gold medalist for Canada in women's wrestling and was the first gold medalist for Canada at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. She is also the current reigning Commonwealth Games and two time Pan American Games champion. Success was also achieved at the world championships where Huynh has totaled one silver and three bronze medals. Huynh is also an eleven time national champion.
Career.
Huynh broke onto the international scene as a wrestler beginning at the World Championships in 2000 where she won bronze. She continued to build on this success at the next World Championships in 2001 where she won silver. She would have to wait four more years till she would medal again at the Worlds when she won a bronze again in 2005. Success never dropped off though, Huynh would win the title in her 48 kg weight class at the 2007 Pan American Games.
She competed in the 48 kg weight class at the 2008 Summer Olympics, winning a gold medal. This broke Canada's gold medal drought at the 2008 Games. She is the second ever female medalist for Canada in Olympic wrestling, after Tonya Verbeek, the 2004 Athens freestyle silver medalist. Huynh was the first gold medalist in women's wrestling for Canada.
Following the Olympic games she continued to perform at a top level, winning bronze at the 2010 World Championships. That same year she won the Commonwealth Games title. Huynh then won the 2011 Canadian title again for 48 kg and then successfully defended her Pan Am Games title in Guadalajara. She has been named to the 2012 Summer Olympics team in London for Canada. There she won a second Olympic medal, this time a bronze in the 48 kg class.
Personal.
Huynh was born in British Columbia to parents who were ethnic Chinese refugees from northern Vietnam. Her father was born in China, but moved to Vietnam when he was three; her mother was born in Vietnam. They settled in the town of New Hazelton, British Columbia, after being sponsored by the local United Church. Coming from a wrestling family, where both of her sisters wrestled, she started wrestling at 15. She started studies at Simon Fraser University in 1998, then moved to the University of Calgary in 2007. Huynh married Dan Biggs, a social worker and former wrestler, in 2005. She is coached by Paul Ragusa, former National team member and Olympian, as well as Leigh Vierling, husband of former World Champion Christine Nordhagen. In 2013, she was appointed as a chairwoman to the international wrestling federation 

</doc>
<doc id="18887082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887082" title="Crook National Forest">
Crook National Forest

Crook National Forest was established in Arizona by the U.S. Forest Service on July 1, 1908 with from portions of Tonto National Forest, Mount Graham National Forest and other lands. On July 1, 1953 Crook was divided among Tonto, Gila and Coronado National Forests. 

</doc>
<doc id="18887088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887088" title="Allium membranaceum">
Allium membranaceum

Allium membranaceum is an uncommon species of wild onion known by the common name papery onion. It is endemic to northern California, where it grows in wooded areas in the southernmost Cascade Range and Sierra Nevada foothills. This onion grows from a bulb just over a centimeter long which is sometimes associated with a cluster of smaller bulbs. The stem reaches a maximum height near 40 centimeters and there are two or three long, flat leaves about the same length. The inflorescence contains up to 35 flowers with white or pale pink tepals which become papery as they age.

</doc>
<doc id="18887100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887100" title="Iefke van Belkum">
Iefke van Belkum

Iefke van Belkum (born 22 July 1986 in Leiden) is a water polo player of the Netherlands who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Van Belkum was part of the team that became 10th at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships in Montreal. At the 2006 FINA Women's Water Polo World League in Cosenza and the 2006 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Belgrade they finished in fifth place, followed by the 9th spot at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in Melbourne. The Dutch team finished in fifth place at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Malaga and they qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. There they ended up winning the gold medal on 21 August, beating the United States 9-8 in the final.
She has played for the Greek giants Olympiacos, where she won the Greek Championship in 2011, scoring 5 goals in the final game of the best-of-five final series.

</doc>
<doc id="18887103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887103" title="Mount Graham National Forest">
Mount Graham National Forest

Mount Graham National Forest was established as the Mount Graham Forest Reserve in Arizona by the General Land Office on July 22, 1902 with . After the transfer of federal forests to the U.S. Forest Service in 1905, it became a National Forest on March 4, 1907. On July 1, 1908 part of Mount Graham was combined with Crook National Forest and the remainder was returned to the public domain. The name was discontinued. 

</doc>
<doc id="18887106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887106" title="Jason Castro (baseball)">
Jason Castro (baseball)

Jason Michael Castro (born June 18, 1987) is an American professional baseball catcher with the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball (MLB).
Career.
Castro played high school baseball at Castro Valley High School.
He played college baseball at Stanford University where he was initiated into the Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity and was named the club's most valuable player his junior year.
Castro was selected by the Astros in the first round (tenth overall) of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft.
He played in the Cape Cod League during the summer of and started in Single-A for the Tri-City ValleyCats in 2008. He was promoted to play for the Class AA Corpus Christi Hooks on June 7, after playing in Advanced-A for the Lancaster JetHawks and played his first game for the team on June 10.
Castro was selected to play for the United States team in the 2009 All-Star Futures Game in St. Louis. In the game, he threw out a runner and hit a three-run home run.
He was ranked 53rd on Baseball America's list of "Top 100 Prospects" in 2009.
On June 20, 2010, it was announced that Castro was being called up to the Houston Astros from Class AAA Round Rock Express.
Castro made his Major League debut on June 22, 2010 at Minute Maid Park against the San Francisco Giants. He singled off Tim Lincecum in his first career at-bat.
Castro hit his first major league home run on June 24, 2010 against Matt Cain.
On March 2, 2011, while playing in a spring training game against the Detroit Tigers, Castro suffered a knee injury while running to first base. Castro underwent surgery two days later on March 4 to repair his torn anterior cruciate ligament and a damaged meniscus. As a result, he missed the entire 2011 season.
On June 13, 2012, while pinch-hitting for Xavier Cedeño, Castro grounded out to Joaquin Arias to record the last out for Matt Cain's Perfect Game.
On May 20, 2013, Castro was awarded the honor of being American League Player of the Week.
In 2013, Castro earned his first all star selection as a reserve catcher.

</doc>
<doc id="18887169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887169" title="Allium monticola">
Allium monticola

Allium monticola is an uncommon species of wild onion known by the common name San Bernardino Mountains onion. It is endemic to southern California, where it is found only in the Transverse Ranges near Los Angeles and the northernmost section of the Peninsular Ranges. It generally grows in rocky areas. This onion grows from a bulb one or two centimeters long which often has daughter bulbs attached to it on stalks. The waxy stem reaches a maximum height near 25 centimeters and the single leaf may be a bit longer. The inflorescence contains up to about 25 flowers, each with tepals nearly two centimeters long and white or light pink with darker pink tips.

</doc>
<doc id="18887177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887177" title="Kennet Partners">
Kennet Partners

Kennet Partners is a private equity investment firm that provides growth capital to information technology, Internet and business services companies in Europe and the US. 
Kennet Partners is headquartered in London, England, and has an office in Foster City, California. The firm raised its third fund in 2008 with €201 million, bringing total capital under management to over $600 million.
Founding / history.
Kennet was founded in 1997 as Kennet Capital, a joint venture between technology investment bank Broadview International and asset management firm Electra Partners. In 2000, Kennet became a wholly owned subsidiary of Broadview. Following the downturn in the global technology markets, the partners of Kennet completed a management buy-out and became independent in April 2003.
Kennet's first fund was primarily targeted at early-stage technology investments in Europe. With its second fund, Kennet began making growth equity investments in both Europe and the U.S., and today the firm focuses exclusively on providing growth capital.
Funds and investments.
From founding in 1997 to June 2008, Kennet has raised three funds: 
Institutional investors in the Kennet III fund include Access Capital Partners, Adveq, Alpha Associates, BNP Private Equity, Credit Suisse, European Investment Fund, LGT Capital Partners and Siemens.
Investments.
Kennet is often the first institutional investor in a company and invests in founders that have bootstrapped their companies to $10 million or more in annual sales. Although Kennet focuses primarily on expansion capital, the firm also purchases shares from founders or earlier investors in certain cases.
Since inception, Kennet has invested in over 35 companies, of which, Kennet's most notable exits include Altitun, Paragon Software, No Wires Needed, Cramer Systems, Chipidea and Adviva Media
Other investments include:
Competitors.
Kennet's investment strategy is similar to that of other growth capital investment firms such as Summit Partners, TA Associates and Insight Venture Partners. In Europe, Kennet competes with firms such as Fidelity Ventures, Atlas Venture, Wellington Partners and the growth equity arm of Index Ventures. Competitors in the U.S. include JMI Equity and Summit Partners' Accelerator Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="18887184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887184" title="Puy (society)">
Puy (society)

A puy or pui was a society, often organised as a guild or confraternity, sometimes along religious (Catholic) lines, for the patronisation of music and poetry, typically through the holding of competitions. The term "puy" derives from the Latin "podium", meaning "a place to stand", referring probably to a raised platform from which either the contests delivered their works or the judges listened to them. "Puys" were established in many cities in northern and central France, the Low Countries, and even England during the High Middle Ages and the Renaissance, usually encouraging composition in the Old French language, but also in Latin and Occitan. 
The typical "puy" was dedicated to the Virgin Mary. Membership was regulated by statutes to which those entering had to swear. These governed the election of executive positions within the "puy" and the benefits inhering in members. Members could be clerical or lay, male or female, noble or bourgeois, urban or rural. The earliest societies were organised around para-liturgical celebrations of the Marian feast days, but these evolved poetry competitions and eventually the competitions became the focus of the festivals. Music and sung performance were emphasised early on, but over the centuries the quality of the poetry came to dominate the members' concern and the "puys" of Normandy, especially popular from the fifteenth century on, were redefined in the seventeenth as literary academies. In this form they survived until the French Revolution. 
A poetical society known, in a generic fashion, as the "Puy Sainta Maria" (Puy-Sainte-Marie), seems to have held contests at Le-Puy-en-Velay ("Podium Aniciense") in the Occitan language under the patronage of Alfonso II of Aragon (1162–96). Among the troubadours known to have competed was the Monge de Montaudon, who received a Eurasian Sparrowhawk as a prize for one piece. He is said by his "vida" to have held the "suzerainty" of the "court of Puy" ("cour du Puy") until it was dissolved. 
The height of the French "puys" was in the Late Middle Ages. The "puy" would have an open invitation for competitions in several categories, with the theme, form, and refrain in each category stipulated. Among the common most common forms were the "formes fixes", the "chant royal", "jeu parti", "serventois", and "ballade". The music was generally strophic monophony, but the "puy" at Évreux, founded in 1570, did accept two submissions of through-composed polyphony from Orlande de Lassus. The problems of adjudication at the contests spurned the production of several treatises on versification in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries. As in the Floral Games celebrated in southern France and Spain, the prizes awarded by the "puys" could be flowers, such as lilies or roses, or sometimes palms. These floral prizes could be redeemable for money. Besides these, the "puys" sometimes bestowed signet rings (engraved with imagery or poetry). The "puys" could attract professionals and men of fame, such as Jean Froissart, who competed and won at Abbeville, Lille, Tournai, and Valenciennes. They also attracted local amateurs. 

</doc>
<doc id="18887257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887257" title="Kibangou">
Kibangou

Kibangou is a small town in the Republic of Congo in the Kouilou Department.
Transport.
The town is approximately 20 km from a station on the Congo-Ocean Railway.
Industry.
It is a possible site for a cement works to be built by CMKC Group.

</doc>
<doc id="18887295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887295" title="Allium munzii">
Allium munzii

Allium munzii is a rare species of wild onion known by the common name Munz's onion. 
It is endemic to western Riverside County, California, where it grows in the coastal sage scrub of the local hills and mountains. It is known from only about fifteen occurrences and it is threatened by development of its habitat for human uses such as citrus agriculture and urbanization. 
It is a federally listed endangered species. 
"Allium munzii" is an onion that grows from a reddish brown bulb just over a centimeter long. It produces an erect stem up to about 35 centimeters in maximum height and a single leaf which is usually a bit longer. 
The inflorescence contains up to 35 flowers each under a centimeter long. They have dark-veined white tepals which turn red with age.

</doc>
<doc id="18887318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887318" title="1957 NAIA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament">
1957 NAIA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament

The 1957 NAIA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament was held in March at Municipal Auditorium in Kansas City, Missouri. The 20th annual NAIA basketball tournament featured 32 teams playing in a single-elimination format. This would be the first tournament to have seeded teams. This also means that this is the first tournament to have an 'upset'. There were 3 upsets this year, including the championship game. The NAIA seeded teams 21 years prior to the NCAA Men's Tournament. The NAIA would adjust seeding to the current, 16 seed system, in 1959. 
The championship game featured Tennessee State University and Southeastern Oklahoma State University. With Tennessee State's win, they became the first historically black institution to win a collegiate basketball national championship. This would be the first of three national championship titles for Tennessee State.
The 3rd place game featured Pacific Lutheran University defeating Eastern Illinois University.
Awards and honors.
Many of the records set by the 1957 tournament have been broken, and many of the awards were established much later:
1957 NAIA bracket.
3rd place game.
The third place game featured the losing teams from the national semifinalist to determine 3rd and 4th places in the tournament. This game was played until 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18887321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887321" title="Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1947–1950">
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1947–1950

This is a list of members of the South Australian House of Assembly from 1947 to 1950, as elected at the 1947 state election:

</doc>
<doc id="18887340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887340" title="1958 NAIA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament">
1958 NAIA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament

The 1958 Men's NAIA Division I Basketball Tournament was held in March at Municipal Auditorium in Kansas City, Missouri. The 21st annual NAIA basketball tournament featured 32 teams playing in a single-elimination format.
The championship game featured returning champions, Tennessee State University who defeated the Western Illinois University. The Tigers won over the Leathernecks, it would be the third time a team won back to back championships. 
The 3rd place game featured Texas Southern University and Georgetown College (Ky.)
It was the first year the Charles Stevenson Hustle Award was awarded. It went to Bill McAfoos of Western Illinois.
Awards and honors.
Many of the records set by the 1958 tournament have been broken, and many of the awards were established much later:
1958 NAIA bracket.
3rd place game.
The third place game featured the losing teams from the national semifinalist to determine 3rd and 4th places in the tournament. This game was played until 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18887347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887347" title="1959 NAIA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament">
1959 NAIA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament

The 1959 NAIA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament was held in March at Municipal Auditorium in Kansas City, Missouri. The 22nd annual NAIA basketball tournament featured 32 teams playing in a single-elimination format. The 1959 Tournament is the first tournament to use the 16-seed system, which is still used today.
The championship game again featured Tennessee State University. The Tigers defeated the 
Lutes of Pacific Lutheran University. It would be the first time any school would win three tournaments in a row. (A feat only repeated once, by Kentucky State, in 1970-1972).
Awards and honors.
Many of the records set by the 1959 tournament have been broken, and many of the awards were established much later:
1959 NAIA bracket.
3rd place game.
The third place game featured the losing teams from the national semifinalist to determine 3rd and 4th places in the tournament. This game was played until 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18887359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887359" title="Morris Overstreet">
Morris Overstreet

Judge Morris L. Overstreet is the first African-American elected to a statewide office in the history of the State of Texas. He was twice elected to serve on the state’s highest criminal appellate court, Texas Court of Criminal Appeals, from 1990 to 1998. As a member of the Court, he authored over 500 opinions.
Before taking the bench, Judge Overstreet served for five years as a prosecutor in the 47th Judicial District at the District Attorney’s Office in Amarillo, where he advanced to First Assistant District Attorney. He also presided over the Potter County Court at Law Number 1 in Amarillo for four years. As a prosecutor and trial judge involved in hundreds of jury trials and thousands of non-jury trials, Judge Overstreet has never had a criminal conviction reversed on appeal because of any error committed by him. 
In January 1999, he qualified as a certified contract advisor with the National Football League Players Association and was authorized to negotiate contracts between players and NFL clubs. He is a life member of the National Bar Association and is also a member of the American Bar Association, and served as a former Chair of the Judicial Council Division. Judge Overstreet is also the current President of the Auxiliary to the National Medical Association.
From August 1999 – May 2000, he served as the Distinguished Visiting Professor of Law at his alma mater, Thurgood Marshall School of Law, Texas Southern University in Houston, Texas. In September 2002, Judge Overstreet returned to Texas Southern University, where he served as the Director of the Legal Clinic and Professor of Evidence and Criminal Procedure for four years.
In private practice, Judge Overstreet has served as general counsel to the Texas State Baptist Convention and chair of its statewide Bible Drill Competition. He also served as the National Legal Counsel for Phi Beta Sigma fraternity and was a former Chair of the State Bar Crime Victims Committee.
Judge Overstreet is a graduate of Amarillo High School in Amarillo. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Sociology with minors in Biology and Chemistry from Angelo State University in San Angelo, Texas. He earned a Juris Doctor Degree from Texas Southern University School of Law in Houston, Texas in 1975.
Judge Overstreet is a member of Mount Zion Baptist Church in Amarillo, Texas and attends Windsor Village United Methodist Church. He is also a life member of both the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity He is also a member of Sigma Pi Phi Fraternity. He is a frequent lecturer and public speaker and has taught continuing legal educational classes statewide for Justices of the Peace, Constitutional County Judges, municipal court judges, local Bar Associations, the State Bar of Texas Advance Criminal Law Seminar, and the National Bar Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18887389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887389" title="Mun Seon-hui">
Mun Seon-hui

Mun Seon-hui (born on January 13, 1968) is a voice actress who works for KBS' Voice Acting Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18887393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887393" title="Jimmy Glenn">
Jimmy Glenn

Jimmy Glenn (born August 9, 1972) is a retired American soccer forward who played two seasons in Major League Soccer as well as in the National Professional Soccer League, USISL and USL A-League.
Youth.
Glenn attended William H. Taft High School, graduating in 1990. During high school he alternated playing between the '72 Attackers and the Taft Raiders. He then attended Clemson University where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1990 to 1993. He was a 1990 second team All American and a 1993 
first team All American in which he tied the single season record for goals scored (32). He finished his career ranked second in goals with 68 and points with 164.
Professional.
In 1994, Glenn signed with the Greensboro Dynamo in the USISL, playing the 1994 and 1995 seasons with them. The Dynamo won the USISL championship in 1994. In the fall of 1995, he signed with the Cincinnati Silverbacks of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL). On February 7, 1996, the Dallas Burn selected Glenn in the 13th round (123rd overall) in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. He played nine games before being released. He rejoined the Silvebacks that fall, playing two games before getting traded to the Baltimore Spirit for the remainder of the 1996-1997 season. In April 1997, he signed with the Rochester Rhinos of the USL A-League. He would remain with the Rhinos until May 2001. During that time, he won the 1998 and 2000 league championships and the 1999 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup. In the Open Cup, the Rhinos defeated the Colorado Rapids, becoming the only USL team to defeat an MLS team in an Open Cup final. Glenn continued to bounce between the summer outdoor and winter indoor leagues when he joined the Buffalo Blizzard for the 1997-1998 NPSL season. He also briefly returned to Major League Soccer when the Rhinos loaned Glenn to the Columbus Crew on May 13, 1998. He played five games with the Crew before returning to the Rhinos. Glenn finished his career with the Toronto Thunderhawks in the 2000-2001 NPSL season. Glenn had intended to continue playing for the Rhinos, but had contract disagreements with them and left the team in May 2001. In June, he signed with the Atlanta Silverbacks where he finished his career.
Post playing career.
After leaving the Rhinos, Glenn moved to Dallas, Texas where he has held a series of jobs in the automotive career field. In October 2001, he joined El Dorado Chrysler/Jeep before moving to Massey Cadillac in January 2003. In July 2003, he was hired by D&M Leasing and in August 2007, he moved to Autoflex Leasing. In May 2008, he became the Internet Sales Manager at Brown Motor Company. He currently is the New Car Sales/Finance Manager.

</doc>
<doc id="18887394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887394" title="John Hill (actor)">
John Hill (actor)

John Hill (born October 23, 1978) is an American Musical Theater actor who is most well known for his role of Jason McConnell in the Off-Broadway run of Bare, a Pop Opera. He also developed a following on his former website "John Hill Online" with his videos entitled "Johnny and Kooks." Which were comedic videos he made with his friend Katharine Leonard. There is now an official website for "Johnny and Kooks" and the pair recorded a single entitled "About You" which is available on iTunes. He grew up in San Antonio, Texas and currently resides in Los Angeles, California where he is producing television programs. He also recently took part in mini-musical Prop 8: The Musical. John is openly gay.
Theatre.
He has also appeared in the Broadway musicals Hairspray(Original Broadway Cast as Fender), and The Boy From Oz (Original Broadway Cast as Mark Herron). In The Boy From Oz he also understudied the roles of Greg and the lead role Peter Allen. He never went on as Peter Allen. In Hairspray he also understudied the roles of Link Larkin and Corny Collins. He did go on as Link Larkin. He starred opposite Michael Arden and Jenna Leigh Green in the Original Off-Broadway Cast of Bare, a Pop Opera in the leading role of Jason. He was supposed to return to this role when the show was supposed to move to a new theatre after a few months of break, but the move never happened. A demo of 11 tracks from this production was recorded, but the remaining tracks were never recorded when the production never resumed. He did appear in the "Bare's Back Concert" after the show closed, which most of the cast returned to perform in concert. He also appeared in But I'm A Cheerleader (a musical adaptation of the movie of the same name) at the New York Musical Theatre Festival in 2005. In June 2006, he wrote and performed the solo show "Skinny Corpse" at The Duplex in Manhattan, directed by Ben Rimalower.
Work in Television.
Other TV producer credits include Tori and Dean, All About Aubrey, Project Runway, Top Chef, G4's Attack Of The Show, he was the Co-Executive Producer, writer, as well as an on-camera panelist/pundit on the short-lived Bravo show "The Approval Matrix" based on the popular feature in New York Magazine. 
In 2011 Hill accepted the role of Executive Producer of "The A-List: Dallas", a spinoff of the popular LOGO hit.

</doc>
<doc id="18887400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887400" title="LOGCAP">
LOGCAP

The Logistics Civil Augmentation Program (LOGCAP) is a program administered by the US Army to provide contingency support to augment the Army force structure. The first three contracts (and all task orders under them) were awarded to a single bidder in each round of competition (KBR for the first and third contracts and DynCorp for the second contract). The fourth and current (as of 2013) contract was split between three companies (KBR, DynCorp, and Fluor Corporation) with each company having the opportunity to compete for task orders.
History.
In 1985, LOGCAP was established primarily to preplan for contingencies and to leverage the existing civilian resources. However, it was not until three years later before it was first used. In support of a United States Third Army mission, the United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) used LOGCAP to contract for the construction and maintenance of two petroleum pipelines systems in Southwest Asia. 
The current task order contract concept of LOGCAP began in August 1992 when USACE awarded the first contract (LOGCAP I) to Brown and Root Services (now KBR) in August 1992 as a cost-plus-award-fee contract, which was used in December that year to support the United Nations forces in Somalia. This contract was also used to support forces in Bosnia, Kosovo, Macedonia, Hungary, Saudi Arabia, Haiti, Italy and Rwanda.
The LOGCAP contract was recompeted in late 1996, with Army Materiel Command (AMC) taking over management of the program from USACE (although USACE has retained the support requirements for the Balkans Peninsula continuously since that date). The second contract (LOGCAP II) was awarded to DynCorp in January 1997. From 1997 to 2001, DynCorp supported US forces in the Philippines, Guatemala, Colombia, Ecuador, East Timor, and Panama.
AMC awarded LOGCAP III, the third contract, to KBR in 2001. LOGCAP III primarily supported the Global War on Terrorism in Iraq, Afghanistan, Kuwait, Djibouti, and Georgia.
However, as a result of the criticisms leveled against KBR for contract performance, AMC ended the LOGCAP III contract in 2007. The current contract (LOGCAP IV) differed greatly from its three predecessors, in that multiple contracts were awarded (to KBR, DynCorp, and Fluor), whereupon the three could compete for future task orders.
Sister service organizations.
The corresponding service organizations for the U.S. air force is the Air Force Contract Augmentation Program (AFCAP), and the U.S. navy has the Navy Global Contingency Construction Contract (GCCC) and the Global Contingency Services Contract (GCSC).

</doc>
<doc id="18887425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887425" title="Calliope Dock">
Calliope Dock

The Calliope Dock is a historical stone drydock on the grounds of the Devonport Naval Base, in Devonport, Auckland, New Zealand. It was built in 1888 to service ships of the British Royal Navy, and is still in use today. 
History.
At the time of its construction, it was the largest in the Southern Hemisphere, and a strategic asset for the Royal Navy. It was named for Calliope Point, out of which it had been hewn by hand over three years. Coincidentally, one of the two first ships to enter it (as a show of her capacity) was HMS "Calliope". Administered at first by the Auckland Harbour Board, the dock was transferred to the navy when the Auckland naval base moved from Torpedo Bay to Devonport, into a swamp area next to the dock.

</doc>
<doc id="18887431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887431" title="South School (Shutesbury, Massachusetts)">
South School (Shutesbury, Massachusetts)

The South School is a historic one-room schoolhouse at 6 Schoolhouse Rd. in Shutesbury, Massachusetts. It is one of two such schoolhouses remaining in Shutesbury, and is a rare example of a side-gable construction. Its date of construction is uncertain, but is estimated to be about 1830. Because of the simplicity of the building, the presence of both Federal and Greek Revival elements in its design, and the comparatively late adoption of Greek Revival styles in the rural community, the school may have been built at a later date.
The schoolhouse sits about 15 feet off Schoolhouse Road and 50 feet from Baker Road, with its gable end facing the street. The 1.5 story building sits on a granite slab foundation, and has a chimney on its western wall. It measures about 25.5 feet by 18 feet, and there is a shed structure attached to the east wall. The main entrance is set in the right side of the south wall. Tne entry leads into a vestibule area, from which there is then entry into the schoolroom. There is a closet in the northeast corner, from which a hatch provides access to the attic area. The walls of the interior have a bead-board wainscoting, with horizontal tongue-and-groove boards rising to the ceiling. The classroom floor is wide pine, while that of the entry is narrow fir strips.
From its construction until 1928 the building served as a school, and was known as the District 8 School or the Moses S. Bartlett School, after a nearby resident. Its use declined after 1881, when the town abolished its districts, but was occasionally used due to fluctuating enrollments. The district schools were permanently closed in 1928, and elementary classes were centralized. The town sold the school for $200 in 1939, and it was converted to residential use. In 1993 the property was given to the Sirius Community, a nearby spiritual and educational organization, which has since undertaken the building's rehabilitation. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18887446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887446" title="Murtle River">
Murtle River

The Murtle River is a river in east-central British Columbia, Canada. It rises from a large unnamed glacier in the Cariboo Mountains at an elevation of and flows southwest for to the head of gigantic Murtle Lake. The river also drains Murtle Lake then flows southwest for into the Clearwater River. The Murtle River is the longest and largest tributary to the Clearwater. 
The Murtle River is known for having many waterfalls along its course. Between Murtle Lake and the Clearwater River, the Murtle drops over seven named waterfalls: McDougall, Meadow, Horseshoe, Majerus, Dawson, The Mushbowl and Helmcken Falls.
Discovery and naming.
There are no records about the Murtle River being known by First Nations. The river was discovered by Joseph Hunter, a surveyor working for the future Canadian Pacific Railway, on May 25, 1874. Hunter's expedition rafted across the Clearwater River near The Horseshoe, headed east for about 13 km, and reached the Murtle River upstream from Majerus Falls. He named the river and, a few days later, Murtle Lake for his birthplace in Scotland, Milton of Murtle, near Aberdeen. Between 1872 and 1881, about 20 survey parties fanned out across British Columbia trying to find the best route for the new railway between Yellowhead Pass in the Rocky Mountains and the Pacific Coast. Three survey parties visited what is now Wells Gray Park. When the more southern Kicking Horse Pass was chosen instead in 1881, all of these meticulously examined routes across the Canadian Cordilleran, including Hunter's, were abandoned. Only three place names in the Park recognize those 10 wasted years of surveys: Murtle River & Lake, Mahood River & Lake, and Marcus Falls. The latter two refer to James Adam Mahood and Marcus Smith, leaders of two other railway surveys during the 1870s. 
It was 40 years before the Murtle River area came under professional scrutiny again, this time by land surveyor Robert Lee. In 1913, he laid out 160 acre lots beside the Murtle River and discovered Helmcken Falls. He was so impressed with the waterfall that he wrote a letter from his remote camp to Sir Richard McBride, British Columbia's premier, asking "may I name the river the McBride River and the falls the McBride Falls in honor of the distinguished Premier of British Columbia?" This ignored the prior naming of the Murtle River by Joseph Hunter. Three weeks later, Lee received a reply of one sentence from the Premier which stated that the waterfall was to be called Helmcken Falls. The McBride River was not mentioned, so Lee thereafter put Murtle River on his maps.
Bridges.
The first crossing of the Murtle River was at its narrowest point called The Mushbowl and this was a rickety footbridge built in 1914. A horse bridge was completed in 1928 but it consisted of only two stringers and cross logs with no guard rails, and horses were terrified to cross it. It was damaged by high water in 1936 and replaced. When Arthur Wellesley Gray, after whom Wells Gray Park is named, made his ill-fated tour in 1940, he was overcome by dizziness while crossing this bridge and nearly became the first victim of The Mushbowl. The first road bridge was built in 1949 when the road was being extended to Clearwater Lake and it lasted until 1974. Few visitors during those years could resist stopping for a photograph of that attractive Queen's Truss bridge. The present bridge is a narrow Bailey-type bridge on the same site with the Murtle River roaring through The Mushbowl underneath. It is still the only bridge across the Murtle in its entire length. 
Geological features.
The Murtle River flows across the huge volcanic Murtle Plateau for the last to the Clearwater. The lava erupted about 200,000 years ago from fissures near McLeod Hill and filled the former valley to depths of up to . The extent of this relatively flat surface is best seen from the viewing tower atop Green Mountain. 
Pyramid Mountain is a prominent feature beside the Murtle River a few kilometers northeast of the road. It is a subglacial mound which erupted under the ice about 12,000 years ago and built its high cone. 
Below Helmcken Falls, the Murtle River rushes through Helmcken Canyon for until it meets the Clearwater River. The river is hemmed by sheer lava walls that rise over on each side.

</doc>
<doc id="18887450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887450" title="2008–09 FC Schalke 04 season">
2008–09 FC Schalke 04 season

The 2008–09 season was FC Schalke 04's 41st season in the Bundesliga. This article shows player statistics and all matches (official and friendly) that the club played during the 2008–09 season.
Competitions.
Overall.
As in the last two seasons, Schalke 04 was present in all major competitions, including the First division and the DFB Cup in Germany but they failed to qualify for the UEFA Champions League in Europe.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18887482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887482" title="Leonardo Vieira">
Leonardo Vieira

Leonardo Vieira (Rio de Janeiro, December 28, 1968) is a Brazilian actor. He is best known for his roles in telenovelas, especially "Senhora do Destino", "Prova de Amor" and "Caminhos do Coração".

</doc>
<doc id="18887523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887523" title="Björnstad syndrome">
Björnstad syndrome

Björnstad syndrome is a congenital condition involving deafness and hair abnormalities.
It was first characterized in 1965, in Oslo, by prof. Roar Theodor Bjørnstad (1908–2002).
It has been mapped to BCS1L.

</doc>
<doc id="18887526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887526" title="Tavares Bowens">
Tavares Bowens

Tavares Bowens is the head coach and defensive co-ordinator of the Florence Phantoms. He previously worked as a full-back coach. During the 2008 American Indoor Football Association season, Bowens led the Florence Phantoms to the association championship. The team won over the Wyoming Cavalry. His best friend Robert Honey was on the championship team in 2008 also. Robert Honey was the special team coach, and the offensive, and defensive line coach. He is now at Newman Catholic High School in Wausau, Wisconsin. He still cheers his gamecocks on.
Following the season in August 2008, he resigned.

</doc>
<doc id="18887530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887530" title="Felipe Folgosi">
Felipe Folgosi

Felipe Folgosi (born Luis Felipe de Andrade Folgosi on May 18, 1974 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian actor, best known for his roles in telenovelas. In 2012, he was the runner-up of the fifth season of the Brazilian version of "The Farm".

</doc>
<doc id="18887557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887557" title="Gabriel Braga Nunes">
Gabriel Braga Nunes

Gabriel Braga Nunes (São Paulo, February 7, 1972) is a Brazilian actor, best known for his work in telenovelas, especially "Essas Mulheres", "Cidadão Brasileiro", "Caminhos do Coração" and "Poder Paralelo". He also stars in "Insensato Coração" for TV Globo.
Biography.
Son of actress Regina Braga and director Celso Nunes. A graduate in Theatre Arts from UNICAMP, made his television debut in 1996, playing Mário on the soap opera "Razão de Viver", the SBT. After that, he worked in several of the Rede Globo soap operas such as "O Beijo do Vampiro", "Terra Nostra" and "Anjo Mau".
In 2006, participates in his second record in the network, after the successful soap opera "Essas Mulheres", where he played Fernando Seixas, Braga Nunes starred "Cidadão Brasileiro" as Antonio Maciel. In 2009, Gabriel Braga Nunes protagonist of the novel "Poder Paralelo" with the character Antonio Castellamare, with actress Paloma Duarte. After participating in five soap operas in five years, Braga Nunes decided to take a "vacation" of television.
In late 2010, however, the actor has been invited to join the miniseries "As Cariocas", the chapter "A Atormentada da Tijuca", played by Paola Oliveira. This was his first return to work globo
Gabriel played the villain Léo in the novel "Insensato Coração". After the close of this novel, he closed his 4-year contract with Globo.
In 2011, participate Part "Caminhos da Independência", playing Dom Pedro I. In 2013, he was cast to play the mysterious Teacher Aristóbulo in "Saramandaia".
In 2014, Braga Nunes lives Laerte, the central character in the third stage of the telenovela "Em Família".
Personal life.
Gabriel Braga Nunes had a relationship with actress and singer Danni Carlos for about three years. In mid-2005, the couple began living together, being separated in 2007. In 2009, during the filming of the soap opera "Poder Paralelo", Braga Nunes became involved with co-star Paloma Duarte.

</doc>
<doc id="18887560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887560" title="Spanish Creek">
Spanish Creek

Spanish Creek is a creek in eastern British Columbia, Canada. It flows north into the Cariboo River southwest of Cariboo Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="18887613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887613" title="Royals Football Club">
Royals Football Club

Royals Football Club or Royals Football and Sporting Club, is an Australian rules football club located in Albany, Western Australia playing in the Great Southern Football League.
The home ground is called Centennial Oval which is situated in the suburb of Centennial Park. The oval is part of the Albany show grounds.
Royals won a hat-trick of premierships in 1993, 1994 and 1995. They then won an unprecedented six premierships in a row between 1999 and 2004 under the reign of coach Darrell Panizza.
The Royals League team were defeated in the 2007 Grand Final by North Albany the score was North Albany 18.19 (127) Royals 15.15 (105).
North Albany 15.8 (98) beat Royals 5.7 (37) again in the 2008 Grand Final.
In 2009, Royals had a better season with them winning the minor premiership and then defeating North Albany in the Grand Final. The scoreline was Royals 13.13 (91) to North Albany 12.10 (82). Cleve Humphries from Royals was judged best on ground.
Royals commenced the 2010 season without their captain, Trevor Craig, and other senior players from the 2009 season. James McRae also has left the club to become the captain-coach of the Denmark Magpies.

</doc>
<doc id="18887653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887653" title="Patrick E. Haggerty">
Patrick E. Haggerty

Patrick Eugene Haggerty (March 17, 1914 – October 1, 1980) was an American engineer and businessman. He was a co-founder and former president and chairman of Texas Instruments, Incorporated. Haggerty is most responsible for turning a small Texas oil exploration company into the leader in semiconductors that Texas Instruments is today. Under his influence, the company invested in transistors when their commercial value was still much in question; his company created the first silicon transistor, the first commercial transistor radio, and the first integrated circuit.
Biography.
Early life.
Pat Haggerty was born in Harvey, North Dakota, the son of Michael Eugene and Lillian (Evenson) Haggerty in 1914. As a youth he built his own radio and was one of the first amateur radio operators in North Dakota. In 1936 Pat graduating summa cum laude from the Marquette University School of Electrical Engineering. Pat is also an alumni member of the Sigma Phi Delta fraternity (a social-professional fraternity of engineers).
Career.
In November, 1945 Haggerty joined GSI in Dallas as general manager of the newly formed Laboratory and Manufacturing Division, with responsibility for developing the research, engineering, and manufacturing phases of the company's operations. In December 1951 GSI became Texas Instruments, Incorporated. In 1951 Haggerty became executive vice president and director, in 1958 president, and in 1966 chairman, a post he held until retiring.
While at Texas Instruments Haggerty developed his concepts of Strategic Management. This resulted in his objectives, strategies, tactics (OST) system of managing innovation.
Haggerty was active in the Institute of Radio Engineers (IRE), serving as its president in 1962. He was co-chair of the committee that merged the IRE and the American Institute of Electrical Engineers (AIEE) into the present Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). Haggerty was a Fellow of the IEEE. In 1968 Haggery was awarded the IEEE Founders Medal "For outstanding contributions to the leadership of the electrical and electronics engineering profession, with special reference to the development of the worldwide semiconductor industry and service to the profession through his contributions leading to the creation of the IEEE.". In 1969, he was the IRI Medal recipient, awarded by the Industrial Research Institute.
Legacy.
Haggerty and his wife left part of their estate to found a museum of art at his alma mater which lead to the founding of the Patrick and Beatrice Haggerty Museum of Art.

</doc>
<doc id="18887661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887661" title="Kostal Lake">
Kostal Lake

Kostal Lake is a lake located in Wells Gray Provincial Park, east-central British Columbia, Canada. It is located west of Murtle Lake and east of Clearwater Lake.
Naming.
Kostal Lake was named by Angus Horne in 1936 for Frank Kostal, one of the many trappers and prospectors who visited this remote region during the first quarter of the 20th century. Kostal had a cabin by the lake which he used when collecting animals from his trapline on Pillpill Mountain. 
Access.
Visits to Kostal Lake are rare due to difficult access. A trail from Clearwater Lake Campground was built in 1971 and originally extended to McDougall Lake and the west arm of Murtle Lake. The section beyond Kostal Lake has been impassable since the mid-1980s. Even the section east of the Dragon's Tongue to Kostal Lake is now overgrown and in poor condition due to lack of use and minimal maintenance by B.C. Parks. Kostal Lake is at least an overnight hike round trip and an outing of three days is preferable to allow enough time to explore the Kostal Volcano. During June and July, mosquitoes and other insects are abundant. A knowledge of wilderness backpacking is essential. 
Float planes and helicopters are not allowed to land at Kostal Lake.
Geology.
Kostal Volcano rises from the lake's northeast shore. 

</doc>
<doc id="18887701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887701" title="Missouri Virtual Instruction Program">
Missouri Virtual Instruction Program

Missouri Virtual Instruction Program is an online accredited school program in the state of Missouri which includes grades K-12. The service has been offered since 2007.
History.
The program first launched in August 2007 and had approximately 2,000 students. Students interact with certified teachers through e-mail, instant messenger, and telephone.
MoVIP is accessible 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and offers courses for medically fragile students or for any other student who wishes to take courses online. Students can take up to six courses per sementser.
Each student's schedule is based on a 20 week pace chart which includes two flex weeks where no work is assigned.
MoVIP has no limit on the number of students that can enroll. Tuition is charged.

</doc>
<doc id="18887743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887743" title="List of parties to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women">
List of parties to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women

The list of parties to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women encompasses the states who have signed and ratified or acceded to the international agreement to prevent discrimination against women.
On December 18, 1979, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women was opened for signature. Sweden became the first state to deposit the treaty on July 2, 1980. The treaty came into force and closed for signature on September 3, 1981 with the ratification of 20 states. Since then, states that did not sign the treaty can now only accede to it. The instrument of ratification, accession, or succession is deposited with the Secretary-General of the United Nations.
As of July 2011, 187 states have ratified or acceded to the treaty, most recently Nauru on June 23, 2011. In addition, the United States and Palau have signed but not ratified the treaty. The Republic of China (Taiwan) has also ratified the treaty in its legislature, but is unrecognized by the United Nations and is a party to the treaty only unofficially.
Non-signatory states.
"Note:" Niue is a signatory of this convention, signed on behalf by New Zealand as was the Cook Islands, however since then the Cook Islands had acceded to the convention out right.

</doc>
<doc id="18887751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887751" title="D. D. Verni">
D. D. Verni

D.D. Verni (born Carlo Verni) is an American bassist, songwriter, and producer, best known as the founding member, bassist and songwriter of the thrash metal band Overkill. In addition to his work with Overkill, Verni has recorded four albums with his side project The Bronx Casket Co. He is also the composer for "The Bronx Casket Co...A New Musical".
Early years.
In 1976, Verni met Lee "Rat Skates" Kundrat in high school, who had been learning to play drums since age 15. They shared the same musical interests in hard rock bands like Kiss, Aerosmith, Ted Nugent, Starz, Black Sabbath, and Rainbow, and were then introduced to punk music such as The Damned, The Ramones, The Vibrators, and Generation X through another classmate, Fred Hensley (who became known as vocalist Billy Vector). The three formed a punk group known as The Lubricunts in 1979 with another classmate Ken Sibley on guitar, who became known as Nick Fuse. The group disbanded in 1980, and Verni, along with bandmate Skates, posted an advertisement for a vocalist and guitarist to join the band. Bobby "Blitz" Ellsworth answered the ad, and brought guitarist Rob Pisarek.
Overkill.
After rejecting several names, including "Virgin Killer", the band finally settled on "Overkill", after the Motörhead album of the same name. Early covers, especially those done under the "Virgin Killers" name, were punk songs by The Ramones, The Dead Boys and others. By late 1980, the band had recruited dual guitarists, and the setlist was made up of songs by bands such as Motörhead ("Overkill", half of the "Ace Of Spades" album), Judas Priest ("Tyrant" was their closer), and Riot. Along with the new influx of heavy metal covers, the band still played a smattering of punk covers, with extra distortion, intensity, and speed, marking Overkill as one of the first thrash bands.
At this point, the band started writing original songs, including "Grave Robbers" (later renamed "Raise The Dead"), "Overkill", and "Unleash The Beast (Within)". More songs would follow, including "Death Rider" (1981) and "Rotten To The Core" (1982). In 1983 Rich left and Bobby Gustafson remained as the sole guitarist. The band became a staple at New York and New Jersey clubs, such as L'Amours, and Verni gave Ellsworth the nickname "Blitz" due to his over-the-top lifestyle. Verni has been the sole songwriter for the music of Overkill since "Horrorscope".

</doc>
<doc id="18887795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887795" title="Allan Salangsang">
Allan Salangsang

Allan Salangsang (born October 15, 1976, in Pampanga, Philippines) is a Filipino professional basketball player in the Asean Basketball League who currently plays for the Philippine Patriots. He was drafted twenty-seventh overall by Tanduay in 2001.
Player profile.
Salangsang was drafted 27th overall by Tanduay in the 2001 PBA season. He first played for the Talk 'N Text Phone Pals in 2004-05. In 2006, he was acquired by the Barangay Ginebra Kings. Afterwards, he played for the Coca-Cola Tigers for one year. He was then acquired by the Welcoat Dragons in 2008 from free agency. After the 2009-10 PBA season, he was acquired by the Philippine Patriots for the ASEAN Basketball League (2010–11), currently he plays for Indonesia Warriors.He is also related to the 1974 PBA player Romar Frio.

</doc>
<doc id="18887796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887796" title="Jean-Michel Bismut">
Jean-Michel Bismut

Jean-Michel Bismut (born 26 February 1948) is a French mathematician who has been a Professor at the Université Paris-Sud since 1981.
He found a heat equation proof for the Atiyah–Singer index theorem. In 1990 he was awarded the Prix Ampere of the Academy of Sciences. He was a visiting scholar at the Institute for Advanced Study in the summer of 1984. He was elected as a member of the French Academy of Sciences in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18887799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887799" title="Gumbel v. Pitkin">
Gumbel v. Pitkin

Gumbel v. Pitkin, , was a case brought in error to the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Louisiana to dismiss a writ of error.
When a third party intervenes in a pending suit to claim property in the custody of the marshal by virtue of a writ of attachment issued therein, a judgment dismissing his intervention is final as to that issue, and one distributing the proceeds of the property to other parties is also final.
When a writ of error gives the names of all parties as they are found in the record of the case in the court below, and there is nothing in the record to show that there were other parties, the writ is sufficient even if the defendants in error are there described by firm names, as A. B. & Co., &c. This case distinguished from The Protector, 11 Wall. 82.
Motion to dismiss and affirm. The grounds of the first motion were (1) that no copy of the writ had been lodged with the clerk; (2) that no assignment of errors was transmitted with the record; (3) that the writ of error did not set forth the names of the members of the firms mentioned in the writ as defendants, and there was nothing in the record by which the irregularity could be corrected; (4) that the judgment appealed from was not a final judgment.
Justice Miller delivered the opinion of the Court.
A motion was made to dismiss the writ of error in this case on the following grounds:
The high court found:
The record shows that a large number of the creditors of Joseph Dreyfus, of the City of New Orleans, sued him in the circuit court of the United States, and in those actions or in one of them a writ of attachment was issued and levied on the goods of Dreyfus by the marshal, who took possession of them. The order dismissing Gumbel's intervention disposes of his rights, and is a final judgment as to that issue, as to which he has a right to a writ of error. The order distributing the proceeds of the sale is also final, as it disposes of the fund.
As regards the third ground for dismissal, the case is not so clear.
This Court has undoubtedly, from the case of Deneale v. Stump, 8 Pet. 526, to that of The Protector, 11 Wall. 82, held that all the parties to the judgment must be named in the writ of error, and that the use of the name of one of the parties, with the addition of the words, "and others," as "Joseph W. Clark and others," does not satisfy the requirement, but on the contrary shows that there were parties to the judgment or decree in the inferior court who are not named in the writ. It is upon this ground that the judgment in the case of Smith v. Clark, 12 How. 21, is distinctly placed by Chief Justice Taney in the opinion.
In the case of The Protector, 11 Wall. 82, the appeal was taken in the name of William A. Freeborn & Co., while the record showed that William A. Freeborn, James F. Freeborn, and Henry P. Gardner were the libellants.
In this Court, counsel insisted that the objection was not fatal, and that the appeal might be amended, but the Court held otherwise and dismissed the appeal.
The transcript of the record before the court showed that these parties came into the circuit court as defendants or intervenors, and prosecuted their rights throughout the whole proceedings by the designations applied to them in this writ of error and by no other names whatever. No amendment of the writ to remove this difficulty can therefore be made from the record.
The court thought that, where the writ gives all the names of the parties as they are found in the record of the case in the circuit court, and where there is nothing to show that any other person was a party than such as are so named, the court is not at liberty to indulge the presumption that there were others who were parties, when such presumption is not founded on anything in the record and would lead to a manifest injustice. 
The motion to dismiss was overruled, and the case is one to be heard on the merits, and not to be affirmed on motion.
Both motions were denied.

</doc>
<doc id="18887802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887802" title="Woorndoo">
Woorndoo

Woorndoo is a town in the Western District of Victoria, Australia. The town is in the Shire of Moyne local government area, west of the state capital, Melbourne. At the 2006 census, Woorndoo and the surrounding area had a population of 499. The population of the town proper is around 50.
Woorndoo Post Office opened on 15 June 1866 and closed in 1996. A Post Office at Woorndoo Upper opened around 1902 and closed in 1946.
The town in conjunction with neighbouring township Mortlake has an Australian Rules football team Woorndoo-Mortlake competing in the Mininera & District Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="18887819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887819" title="Gillian van den Berg">
Gillian van den Berg

Gillian van den Berg (born 8 September 1971, in Gouda) is a water polo player of the Netherlands who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
van den Berg was part of the team that won the gold medal at the 1993 Women's European Water Polo Championship as well as the 1993 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup. At the 1994 World Aquatics Championships in Rome they won the silver medal and at the 1995 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Vienna they won the bronze medal. In Emmen they won the gold medal at the 1996 Women's Water Polo Olympic Year Tournament as the sport was not yet recognized as an Olympic sport for women by the IOC. The Dutch stayed successful in the following years winning gold at the 1997 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup, bronze at the 1997 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Sevilla, silver at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships in Perth, gold at the 1999 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup in Winnipeg and silver at the 1999 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Prato. All these results made them one of the favourites for the first ever women's Olympic tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics held in Sydney. In a disappointing event they eventually finished in fourth position in Australia, remaining medalless for the first time in history. It was the start of a less successful period for the Dutch team and they got the fifth place at the 2001 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Budapest, the 9th place at the 2001 FINA Women's World Water Polo Championship in Fukuoka and the sixth place at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona.
As of 2004, after the Dutch failed to qualify for the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, van den Berg did no longer play for the Dutch team until her return at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in Melbourne, where they finished in 9th position. They started a new campaign with a mix of experienced and talented players to work towards a new top team for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. The Dutch team finished in fifth place at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Malaga and had qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing already in 2007 as continental representativie of Europe. There they ended up winning the gold medal on 21 August, beating the United States 9-8 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18887838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887838" title="Equivariant K-theory">
Equivariant K-theory

In mathematics, the equivariant algebraic K-theory is an algebraic K-theory associated to the category formula_1 of equivariant coherent sheaves on an algebraic scheme "X" with action of a linear algebraic group "G", via Quillen's Q-construction; thus, by definition,
In particular, formula_3 is the Grothendieck group of formula_1. The theory was developed by R. W. Thomason in 1980s. Specifically, he proved equivariant analogs of fundamental theorems such as the localization theorem.
Equivalently, formula_5 may be defined as the formula_6 of the category of coherent sheaves on the quotient stack formula_7. (Hence, the equivariant K-theory is a specific case of the K-theory of a stack.)
A version of the Lefschetz fixed point theorem holds in the setting of equivariant (algebraic) K-theory.
Fundamental theorems.
Let "X" be an equivariant algebraic scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="18887859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887859" title="Stegolophodon">
Stegolophodon

Stegolophodon is an extinct genus of proboscidean. "Stegolophodon" was a gomphothere with four tusks and a trunk. It lived in the Miocene and Pliocene Epochs, and may have evolved into "Stegodon".

</doc>
<doc id="18887869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887869" title="Hans Weinberger">
Hans Weinberger

Hans F. Weinberger (September 27, 1928 in Vienna) is an Austrian-American mathematician, known for his contributions
to variational methods for eigenvalue problems, partial differential equations, and fluid dynamics. 
He obtained an M.S. in physics from Carnegie Institute of Technology (1948) where he also got his Sc.D. on the
thesis "Fourier Transforms of Moebius Series" advised by Richard Duffin (1950).
He then worked at the institute for Fluid Dynamics at University of Maryland, College Park (1950–60),
and as professor at University of Minnesota (1961–98) where he was department head (1967–69) and
now is Professor Emeritus (1998–). Weinberger was the first director of Institute for Mathematics and its Applications (1981–87).
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18887878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887878" title="Daniëlle de Bruijn">
Daniëlle de Bruijn

Daniëlle de Bruijn (born 13 February 1978 in Vlaardingen) is a water polo player of the Netherlands who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
de Bruijn was part of the team that won the bronze medal at the 1997 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Sevilla. They also won silver at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships in Perth, gold at the 1999 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup in Winnipeg and silver at the 1999 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Prato. All these results made them one of the favourites for the first ever women's Olympic tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics held in Sydney, and they finished in fourth position in Australia. It was the start of a less successful period for the Dutch team as they got the fifth place at the 2001 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Budapest, the 9th place at the 2001 FINA Women's World Water Polo Championship in Fukuoka and the sixth place at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona.
After the team failed to qualify for the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, de Bruijn retired her national career until her return at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in Melbourne, where they finished in 9th position. They started a new campaign with a mix of experienced and talented players to work towards a new top team for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. The Dutch team finished in fifth place at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Malaga and they qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. There they ended up winning the gold medal on 21 August, beating the United States 9-8 in the final. de Bruijn became the tournament's top scorer with 17 goals, including seven goals in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18887884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887884" title="Jiang Wenli">
Jiang Wenli

Jiang Wenli (, born 1969 in Bengbu, Anhui) is a famous Chinese actress. She is a native of Tianjin, and graduated from Beijing Film Academy in 1992. She married director Gu Changwei in 1993. Jiang Wenli was one of the members of the jury of the Shanghai International Film Festival in 2005.
Career.
Early life.
Jiang Wenli was born in a highbrow family. Her father was a railroad engineer, her mother was a railroad telephone operator, and her parents love literature and art. Since Wenli was a little girl, her father taught her to read famous book and painting, and listen to famous songs. When she was 5 years old, she dreamt about being a gymnast, so her mother sent her to study dance and gymnastics. However, since her stature didn’t fit the standard of a gymnast, the coach of Bengbu city gymnastic team refused to regard her as a formal team member. After that, she spent five years to practice as an informal team member of the gymnastic team. At the age of 17, she took the college entrance examination and regard going to normal university as her goal. However, she got accepted by a water conservation secondary school because her score was five points lower than the acceptance line of the normal university. In 1986, she graduated from the secondary school and starts to work in Bengbu City Water Company. Her job was to design ways of water transportation for residents. Nevertheless, she was not satisfied with her current life and decided to go to Beijing in 1988 and start her new life.
College Period.
Without any preparation, she got accepted by Beijing Film Academy. After become a student of film academy, there were countless film companies inviting her to play role in their films. Her first role was a nursery school teacher in a TV series named The "Lily on Cliff", and this TV series won the "Feitian TV Awards" of that year. Also, she was a candidate for Best Supporting Actress Reward. After this, she played Shuixiu in a movie named "Li Li Yuan Shang Cao", and this film won the award from French film festival. 
The last film of her college period was "The Story of Xing Hua", and she played the girl named Xing Hua. After graduate from college, she went to America for a long time and then returned to China to continue her career.
1993-2001.
After came back to China, she played a role in Miaomiao Liu’s movie *"Who you think you are". In 1993, she played an important role which is Chengyi’s mother in movie "Farewell My Concubine"，and this movie won the Best Movie Award at French Cannes Film Festival of that year. In 1999, she played a 20 episode TV series named "Lead by the Hand", and this helped her won the highest honor of Chinese TV industry, Best actress from both Golden Eagle Awards and Feitian TV Awards. In 2000, based on the outstanding performance in film "Team Spirit"，she won the best actress from Huabiao Film Awards. In 2001, movie The treatment made her career even more successful.
2011-present.
In 2011, the TV series When Happiness Knocks became a huge success in her career. This TV series is broadcasting on CCTV-1, which is the most important channel in China. Also, the average audience rating was 3%, which is on the top of other TV series in the whole country.

</doc>
<doc id="18887915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887915" title="Mieke Cabout">
Mieke Cabout

Mieke Cabout (born 30 March 1986 in Gouda) is a water polo player of the Netherlands who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Cabout was part of the team that finished 10th at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships in Montreal. At the 2006 FINA Women's Water Polo World League in Cosenza and the 2006 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Belgrade they finished in fifth place, followed by the 9th spot at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in Melbourne. They started a new campaign with a mix of experienced and talented players to work towards a new top team for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. The Dutch team finished in fifth place at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Malaga and they qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. There they ended up winning the gold medal on 21 August, beating the United States 9-8 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18887940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887940" title="Spanish Royal Academy of Sciences">
Spanish Royal Academy of Sciences

The Spanish Royal Academy of Sciences (Spanish name: Real Academia de Ciencias Exactas, Físicas y Naturales) was founded in 1847. It is dedicated to the study and research of mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, engineering, and related sciences.
History.
The forerunner of the modern Academy of Sciences, the Academy of Mathematics, was created in Madrid in 1582, during the reign of Philip II. It evolved from the environment of cooperation among the cosmographers, architects and civil engineers that served the monarch, and also involved prominent artillery experts and military engineers.
The initiative was motivated by an interest that existed in the Spain of the late sixteenth century in promoting the teaching of mathematics with an eye to its practical applications in areas as diverse as mercantile calculation, cosmography, astrology on one hand, and the art of navigation and specific problems relating to military skills and construction techniques on the other.
The idea of founding the Academy of Mathematics originated with Juan de Herrera, who was also its first director (1583–1597). It was founded in Lisbon in accordance with documents issued on December 25, 1582, and began functioning in October of the following year in offices of the Royal Alcazar of Madrid, and shortly afterwards in its own building nearby "at the entrance to Baldanú, in la calle del Tesoro". The same space is occupied today by the opera house, the Teatro Real. Due to extensive changes in the royal offices, in 1612 the institution moved to the home of the Marquis of Leganes, with its facade on the "wide calle of San Bernardo" where it carried out its activities until about 1630, when all the property, income and instruments of the Academy were transferred to the Imperial College.
Later, with the flowering in Europe during the seventeenth century of academies in the scientific sphere, the Royal Academy of Medicine and Natural Science was founded in 1734. Soon afterwards the Marquis of Ensenada ordered Jorge Juan to divide it into independent branches, and in 1752 the Ordinance Plan for the Royal Society of Sciences of Madrid was drawn up.
This project and the Academy collapsed with the fall of Ensenada in 1754 and there was no attempt to revive it until February 7, 1834: a decree for the creation of the Royal Academy of Science in Madrid, subsequently replaced by the Royal Decree for the creation of the Academy of Mathematics, Physics and Natural Sciences, on 25 February 1847. It carried out its first activities in various locations (in the National Museum of Painting in the Tower of Lujanes) until 1897 when it arrived at its current headquarters in the calle Valverde at numbers 22 and 24 (premises that were formerly occupied by the Royal Spanish Academy).
Structure.
The Academy is composed of 54 Full Members, 90 National Correspondents, Honorary Members, and Foreign Correspondents.

</doc>
<doc id="18887954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887954" title="Goran Janković">
Goran Janković

Goran Janković ( ;born 12 December 1978 in Belgrade) is a Serbian footballer, who plays as a midfielder in the Serbian SuperLiga club FK Donji Srem.
Career.
Janković started his career in FK Rad. With this team for seven seasons played in 159 matches and scored 18 goals. After that played in FK Radnički Jugopetrol and polish GKS Bełchatów. 
FCM UTA Arad is obligated to pay monthly 3.000 euro to Serbian Goran Jankovic, transferred in July 2006, even coach Marius Lacatus does not want him at the team anymore. At the beginning of January, Marius Lacatus announced Jankovic that he is not part of his plans anymore and that he is free too look for another club. The Serbian midfielder was in tests in Serbia, Ukraine and Russia and negotiated with CFR Timişoara and Unirea Alba-Iulia, but could not find an agreement. Because of that, Jankovic decided to respect he agreement with UTA, which is valid till 2008, so he returned at Arad, but he was sent at second team, Gloria Arad, from Liga 3. Because he does not have absences at trainings and he respects the schedule, Goran Jankovic cannot be penalized and his contract cannot be cancelled. 
In June 2008 he signed with Bulgarian Minyor Pernik.

</doc>
<doc id="18887966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887966" title="Rianne Guichelaar">
Rianne Guichelaar

Rianne Guichelaar (born 16 August 1983 in Enschede) is a waterpolo player of the Netherlands who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Guichelaar was part of the team that became fifth at the 2001 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Budapest. They became 9th at the 2001 FINA Women's World Water Polo Championship in Fukuoka and sixth at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona. The Dutch team failed to qualify for the 2004 Summer Olympics and finished 10th at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships in Montreal. At the 2006 FINA Women's Water Polo World League in Cosenza and the 2006 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Belgrade they finished in fifth place, followed by the 9th spot at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in Melbourne. The Dutch team finished in fifth place at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Malaga and they qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. There they ended up winning the gold medal on 21 August, beating the United States 9-8 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18887968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887968" title="Harrington Bank Block &amp; Opera House">
Harrington Bank Block &amp; Opera House

The Harrington Bank Block & Opera House, in Harrington, Washington, is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. 
The Harrington Opera House first opened to the "largest attendance in the history of Harrington" on December 16, 1904.
The 350 seat Opera House auditorium is part of the Bank Block, an imposing building sitting on the corner of Willis and South Third Streets. Designed and constructed out of locally made bricks by the Harrington firm of J.R. Burrill and Company, it was completed in December, 1904.
The Bank of Harrington was located on the main floor. L. V. Sisum, owner of the Harrington Planing Mill, provided the wood interior and furnishings of the bank. Also on the ground floor were J.W. Dow's shaving parlors, R. Benchly's cigar and confectionery store, and the Harrington Citizen. There was a bowling alley under the cigar store and on the second floor was the opera house and a lodging house separated by a wall from the auditorium.
The Harrington Opera House Society was founded on January 11, 1992 to preserve the old opera house and Bank Block Building.

</doc>
<doc id="18887992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18887992" title="Oleksandr Petriv">
Oleksandr Petriv

Oleksandr Petriv () (born August 5, 1974) is an Olympic shooter from Ukraine. He was born in Lviv, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union. He won a gold medal in the Men's 25 metre rapid fire pistol event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18888008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888008" title="Marieke van den Ham">
Marieke van den Ham

Marieke van den Ham (born 21 January 1983 in Wierden, Overijssel) is a water polo player of the Netherlands who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
van den Ham was part of the team that became 10th at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships in Montreal. At the 2006 FINA Women's Water Polo World League in Cosenza and the 2006 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Belgrade they finished in fifth place. She was not selected for the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in Melbourne, but returned for the Dutch team that finished in fifth place at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Malaga and they qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. There they ended up winning the gold medal on 21 August, beating the United States 9-8 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18888009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888009" title="TinyLinux">
TinyLinux

TinyLinux is a project led by Matt Mackall to reduce the size of the Linux kernel, in both memory usage and binary filesize. It is also known as the -tiny tree.
TinyLinux consists of a set of patches against the Linux kernel which make certain features optional, or add system monitoring and measurement so that further optimization can take place. They are made to be mergeable with the mainline kernel, and many patches have been merged to date. 
Features include: the ability to disable ELF core dumps, reduce the number of swap files, use of the SLOB memory allocator, ability to disable BUG(). For measuring and accounting features include: ability for kmalloc/kfree allocations to be monitored through /proc/kmalloc; and measurement of inline usage during kernel compiling. 

</doc>
<doc id="18888038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888038" title="Noeki Klein">
Noeki Klein

Noeki Klein (born 28 April 1983 in Leiderdorp) is a water polo player of the Netherlands who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Klein was part of the team that became 10th at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships in Montreal. At the 2006 FINA Women's Water Polo World League in Cosenza and the 2006 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Belgrade they finished in fifth place, followed by the 9th spot at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in Melbourne. The Dutch team finished in fifth place at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Malaga and they qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. There they ended up winning the gold medal on 21 August, beating the United States 9-8 in the final.
Now, Klein plays for the Spanish champion Club Natació Sabadell

</doc>
<doc id="18888040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888040" title="Footsteps and Heartbeats">
Footsteps and Heartbeats

Footsteps and Heartbeats is the third studio album by the British folk singer/songwriter Rory McLeod, released in 1989.
Track listing.
All songs and arrangements by Rory McLeod.

</doc>
<doc id="18888063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888063" title="Strange Love (True Blood)">
Strange Love (True Blood)

"Strange Love" is the pilot episode of "True Blood". The episode was written and directed by Alan Ball and originally aired in the United States on HBO on September 7, 2008. In the episode, Sookie Stackhouse meets vampire Bill Compton and saves him from vicious vampire drainers, while her best friend Tara becomes the new bartender at Sam Merlotte's bar and Sookie's brother Jason finds himself accused of murder. The episode received generally positive reviews from critics. It was rated TV-MA for Adult Content, Adult Language, Nudity, Strong Sexual Content, and Violence.
Plot.
Sookie Stackhouse (Anna Paquin), is a blonde, telepathic waitress working at Merlotte's bar in the fictional town of Bon Temps, Louisiana when Bill Compton (Stephen Moyer), a 173 year old vampire, enters the bar. Sookie is excited, as he is the first vampire the bar has had since vampires "came out of the coffin" two years ago. Her boss, Sam Merlotte (Sam Trammell), and best friend Tara Thornton (Rutina Wesley), are apprehensive about Bill's arrival. Meanwhile, Jason Stackhouse (Ryan Kwanten) learns his sexual partner Maudette Pickens has sex with vampires and allows them to feed on her for money. He engages in rough sex with Maudette, but things take a shocking turn when he begins to choke her. When her body falls limp he panics and flees the scene, unaware the encounter was caught on camera.
Back at the bar, the Rattrays, a couple addicted to vampire blood, conspire to trap Bill and drain his blood to sell on the black market. Sookie overhears their plan and tries to convince Sam and Tara to intervene, but they are reluctant to get involved. When Sookie notices Bill and the Rattrays have left, she follows them to find Bill pinned with silver while the Rattrays draw his blood. Sookie successfully drives the couple away and frees Bill. She finds that she cannot hear Bill's thoughts, making him the first person immune to her talent.
The next day Jason visits Sookie and Gran (Lois Smith) at home. They all learn that Maudette has been murdered, and Jason quickly blames vampires. Jason's suspicious behavior prompts Sookie to try to read his mind, but he angrily rebuffs her and rushes off to work. There, Sheriff Dearborn and Detective Andy Bellefleur take Jason in for questioning.
Sookie learns that Jason has been arrested when she comes to work. She quickly forgets about his situation when Bill returns to the bar. Ignoring the scandalized patrons, Bill and Sookie arrange to meet after the bar closes at 1:30 am. Once he leaves, Sam and Tara scold Sookie for getting involved with a vampire. Rebuffing their concerns, Sookie waits in the empty parking lot where she is brutally attacked by the Rattrays.
Title reference.
"Strange Love" is the name of a song by Slim Harpo, which plays during the scene where Sookie is talking to Tara while she drinks a margarita. The title "Strange Love" also refers to the nature of the sex between Jason and Maudette.
Cast.
Bill Maher and P. J. O'Rourke cameo as themselves on a television program discussing the tension between humans and vampires. Jessica Stroup was also cast in the pilot playing a sorority girl named Kelly, she did not return into the show as she prior to choose the spin-off of "90210" playing regular cast as "Erin Silver".
Production.
After bringing his critically acclaimed funeral home drama "Six Feet Under" to a close in 2005, Ball signed a two year development deal with HBO. As part of the deal, Ball obtained the rights to "The Southern Vampire Mysteries", a series of romantic mystery novels by Charlaine Harris. Ball said of the books, "Charlaine has created such a rich environment that's very funny and at the same time very scary. I bought the book on impulse and I just couldn't put it down." Carolyn Strauss, who was an executive at HBO at the time, said "Alan really fell in love with the books. At its heart, the books are a metaphor for differences and outsiders fitting in. That's Alan's bailiwick and what he writes so well about."
After completing filming on his feature directorial debut "Towelhead", Ball directed the pilot episode in the Summer of 2007 with cast members Anna Paquin, Stephen Moyer, Ryan Kwanten, Sam Trammell and Brooke Kerr. On the casting of Paquin as telepathic waitress Sookie Stackhouse, Ball commented, "When I heard Anna wanted to come in and read for Sookie, I was surprised. I thought, 'Well, why does she want to do this, she's a movie star?' ... and then I thought about it and I thought, 'It makes perfect sense, it's a great role.' It's the lead of the show, she's sexy and she's the romantic heroine ... and she gets to play the gamut of human emotion." Continuing he said, "Once she came in and she started reading and I started working with her, what she was playing and what I thought really made the character really interesting was I could see that this was a woman who had been hearing other people's thoughts her entire life, and that she was kind of skittish and nervous and jumpy and a little angry." On casting Stephen Moyer as vampire Bill Compton Ball said, "It was a really hard role to cast, we saw a lot of men ... and then I saw Stephen ... and there was something so, for lack of a better word, real about him and this sort world-weary but tragic feeling that he brought to it. Aside from being really, really handsome, which helps." Brooke Kerr, who was best known for her role on the NBC soap opera "Passions", originally played the character of Tara Thornton. However, she was replaced by Rutina Wesley after the second episode had been filmed.
On August 9, 2007 HBO took "True Blood" to series, ordering an additional eleven episodes for a full season order with Ball acting as executive producer and showrunner. At that point, Ball had already written the next two episodes.
An early version of the pilot was leaked online in June 2008 and was met with fairly negative reviews from online bloggers.
Reception.
Critical reaction.
The series premiere received generally favorable reviews. Robert Bianco from USA Today called it "... a much-needed infusion of new, well, blood." and said ""Blood" proves there's still vibrant life - or death - left in the "star-crossed lovers" paradigm." Tom Shales of The Washington Post called "True Blood" "an audacious, outrageous, grisly comic drama..." and said the show "isn't meant to be an exercise in good taste. Just a romp and a wallow – and a bloody good one." Robert Abele from LA Weekly called the series an "effortlessly entertaining potboiler about the allure of dangerous attraction after probably a few too many shows drearily dissecting broken relationships." Hal Boedecker of the Orlando Sentinel praised "True Blood" as being "one of the strongest new series in an uncertain fall ... Alan Ball has adapted Charlaine Harris' novels with wit, verve and passion." Tim Goodman from The San Francisco Chronicle praised the performances in the episode, saying Paquin is "deceptively intriguing" and that both she and Moyer "do well here."
Alan Sepinwall gave the series a fairly negative review, saying "... It's the kind of show where you have to care a lot more about vampires than I do to stick around for long." He went on to say, "most of it is really not worth seeing." Michael Judge from The Wall Street Journal said the series "too often passes over the truly macabre or grotesque for gratuitous sex and violence" and then said "I know "True Blood" is supposed to be a sexy, easy-to-swallow mystery, but too often it ends up leaving a bad taste in one's mouth." James Poniewozik from Time Magazine called Ball's characters "caricatures" and continued by asking "Was the world dying for an HBO show with no subtext? Take away the graphic sex, and True Blood could air on USA Network." The Chicago Tribune's Maureen Ryan said "The overheated melodrama sometimes makes the lives of these people seem faintly ridiculous..."
Ratings.
The episode was viewed by approximately 1.4 million people upon its initial broadcast. After a repeat showing later the same night, those figures rose to 2.1 million. When on-demand viewings and additional broadcasts are factored in, the episode was viewed by approximately 4 million viewers.
In the United Kingdom, the pilot episode achieved 1.91 million viewers on Channel 4.

</doc>
<doc id="18888066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888066" title="Simone Koot">
Simone Koot

Simone Koot (born 12 November 1980 in Utrecht) is a water polo player of the Netherlands who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.
Koot was part of the team that became 6th at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona. At the 2006 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Belgrade they finished in fifth place, followed by the 9th spot at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in Melbourne. The Dutch team finished in fifth place at the 2008 Women's European Water Polo Championship in Malaga and they qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. There they ended up winning the gold medal on 21 August, beating the United States 9-8 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18888075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888075" title="Jim Main">
Jim Main

Jim Main (born 1943) is a sports journalist and writer from Australia. He is known especially for his coverage of Australian rules football e.g.
He studied law at the University of Melbourne and later graduated from La Trobe University with a bachelor of arts degree.
Main worked at the Melbourne "Herald" and later on London's "Daily Express". He was later sports editor of "The Australian" for more than 10 years.
He covered several Commonwealth Games and Olympic Games and won a Walkley Award for his coverage of the 1970 Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh. 
Main was inducted into the Melbourne Cricket Ground Media Hall of Fame in 2003.
He has published more than 60 books and has co-written books with David Allen, Eddie McGuire and Jim Stynes.
He is also a notable supporter of the Sydney Swans.

</doc>
<doc id="18888090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888090" title="Dual-homed">
Dual-homed

Dual-homed or dual-homing can refer to either an Ethernet device that has more than one network interface, for redundancy purposes, or in firewall technology, dual-homed is one of the firewall architectures for implementing preventive security.
An example of dual-homed devices are enthusiast computing motherboards that incorporate dual Ethernet network interface cards.
General Ethernet Networking Usage.
In Ethernet LANs, dual-homing is a network topology whereby a networked device is built with more than one network interface. Each interface or port is connected to the network, but only one connection is active at a time. The other connection is activated only if the primary connection fails. Traffic is quickly rerouted to the backup connection in the event of link failure. This feature was designed to provide telecommunications grade reliability and redundancy to Ethernet networks. Multihoming is a more general category, referring to a device having more than one network connection.
Firewall Technology Usage.
Firewall dual-homing provides the first-line defense and protection technology for keeping untrusted bodies from compromising information security by violating trusted network space. 
A dual-homed host (or dual-homed gateway) is a system fitted with two network interfaces (NICs) that sits between an untrusted network (like the Internet) and trusted network (such as a corporate network) to provide secure access. Dual-homed is a general term for proxies, gateways, firewalls, or any server that provides secured applications or services directly to an untrusted network.
Dual-homed hosts can be seen as a special case of bastion hosts and multi-homed hosts. They fall into the category of "application-based firewalls".
Dual-homed firewalls are not able to forward IP datagrams.
Other firewall architectures include the "network-layer firewall" types screening router, screened-host, and screened-subnet.

</doc>
<doc id="18888101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888101" title="Royal R. Ingersoll II">
Royal R. Ingersoll II

Royal Rodney Ingersoll, II (17 December 1913 – 6 June 1942) was an American junior naval officer, a graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy (1934), who was killed in battle early during the War in the Pacific.
Ingersoll was born in Manila, The Philippines, and he was the son of Admiral Royal E. Ingersoll, and the grandson of Rear Admiral Royal R. Ingersoll. After graduating from the United States Naval Academy in 1934, Ingersoll served on the battleship USS "California" (BB - 44), on the destroyer USS "Cassin" (DD-372), and other warships during 1934 - 41, and he reported on board the aircraft carrier USS "Hornet" (CV-8) during her fitting-out (pre-commissioning) period in 1941. Lieutenant Ingersoll served on the "Hornet" during the critical early months of the War in the Pacific, including on the famous Doolittle Raid on Tokyo in April 1942, the "Hornet"'s maiden combat voyage. 
Ingersoll served on board the USS "Hornet" during the Battle of Midway from 4 June to 6 June 1942, in which the portion of the U.S. Navy fleet based in Hawaii decisively defeated the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) during its attack on Midway Island, sinking four IJN Japanese aircraft carriers. 
Lt. Ingersoll was killed at his battle station by machine gun fire from a crippled fighter plane (an F4F Wildcat) from the USS "Yorktown" (CV-5) during its emergency landing on board the "Hornet". Its wounded pilot was either unable to, or failed to, cut off its guns. 
Four enlisted men on board the "Hornet" were also killed, and 20 more sailors were wounded in this sad accident. 
In 1942, the destroyer USS "Ingersoll" (DD-652) was named in honor of both Rear Admiral Royal R. Ingersol and Lt. Royal R. Ingersoll II.
Lt. Ingersoll's father, Admiral Royal E. Ingersoll, became the Commander-in-Chief of the U.S. Navy's Atlantic Fleet on December 30, 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="18888122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888122" title="Sprint Bandits">
Sprint Bandits

Sprint Bandits is an open-wheel auto racing sanctioning body that organizes the O'Reilly Sprint Bandits Tour 'N Topless (TNT) Midwest Swing event for wingless 410-ci sprint cars. Sprint Bandits is part of a larger organization, the American Sprint Car Series, (ASCS).
2008 Tour 'N Topless Midwest Swing Schedules.
Past O'Reilly Sprint Bandits TNT Midwest Swing Champions:
2004 - Shane Stewart*
2005 - Levi Jones
2006 - Jesse Hockett
2007 - Robert Ballou and Tim Kaeding, Co-Champions
2008 - Dave Darland
2009 - Brady Bacon
2010 - Robert Ballou

</doc>
<doc id="18888124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888124" title="Kim Wilde discography">
Kim Wilde discography

The discography of English pop music singer, Kim Wilde.
Wilde has released numerous singles and 13 studio albums. 

</doc>
<doc id="18888143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888143" title="Allium parishii">
Allium parishii

Allium parishii is an uncommon species of wild onion known by the common name Parish's onion. It is native to the Mojave Desert of California and Arizona. This onion grows from a reddish brown bulb just over a centimeter long and produces a stem up to about 25 centimeters tall. There is a single cylindrical leaf which is generally longer than the stem. The inflorescence contains up to 25 dark-veined pale pink flowers with narrow tepals between one and two centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="18888145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888145" title="Jodi Unruh">
Jodi Unruh

Jodi Unruh (born April 1, 1965) is a veteran news anchor and award-winning journalist who retired from the 11:00 pm weekday anchor seat at KVAL-TV in December of 2007. She continued to work as a voice talent locally and nationally. Unruh is the owner and President of a public relations and marketing company, Jodi Unruh and Associates, LLC.
Unruh has more than two decades of experience in media/entertainment news. After graduating from University of Oregon in Journalism and completing graduate studies at UCLA, Unruh worked in entertainment news in Los Angeles, California for six years, where she hosted nationally syndicated shows for networks such as ESPN. Unruh then returned to Oregon, where she worked as an anchor-reporter in Bend for about a year before heading back to her hometown, Eugene, to work for KVAL-TV.
During her eleven years at KVAL-TV, Unruh received numerous honors that included First Place awards for her reporting in the breaking news category from the Associated Press and The Society of Professional Journalists. As a board member and honorary chair of several local non-profit groups, Unruh was honored for community service from organizations that included Committed Partners for Youth and The Oregon Humane Society.
As a former Miss Oregon USA, Miss Teen Oregon, Oregon's Homecoming Princess and America's Homecoming princess, Unruh has also judged many beauty pageants and worked as a pageant coach.

</doc>
<doc id="18888152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888152" title="Hubertus Hitschhold">
Hubertus Hitschhold

Hubertus Hitschhold (7 July 1912 – 10 March 1966) was a German World War II "Luftwaffe" "Stuka" ace. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Military career.
Hubertus Hitschhold joined the military service in the "Reichswehr" on 1 April 1930 after receiving his "Abitur". He was immediately selected for flight training. Beginning in April 1930 until March 1931 he was trained at the "Deutsche Verkehrsfliegerschule" at Schleißheim and received his pilot license. He continued his flight training at Lipetsk in Russia, where he was trained as a fighter pilot.
On 1 October 1931 he was transferred to the 2. (Pr.) "Reiterregiment". Promoted to "Leutnant" on 1 August 1933 he transferred to the newly formed "Luftwaffe" in 1935. In 1936 he became one of the first "Stuka" pilots and a "Staffelkapitän" in 1937.
The I./StG 2 under the command of Hitschhold participated in the Battle of Crete and sank the British destroyers "Greyhound" on 22 May 1941 and the "Kelly" and "Kashmir" on 23 May 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="18888159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888159" title="2008 FedEx Cup Playoffs">
2008 FedEx Cup Playoffs

The 2008 FedEx Cup Playoffs, the series of four golf tournaments that determined the season champion on the U.S.-based PGA Tour, were held from August 21 to September 28. They consisted of four events:
These were the second FedEx Cup playoffs since their inception in 2007. After the first three events, Vijay Singh was assured of winning the 2008 FedEx Cup as long as he completed all four rounds of The Tour Championship without disqualification, which he proceeded to do. Tiger Woods, having topped the regular season points list after playing in only six events, did not play in the FedEx Cup Playoffs due to knee surgery. 
The point distributions can be seen here.
Regular season rankings.
For the full list see here
Final leaderboard.
For the full list see here
The Barclays.
The Barclays was played August 21-24. 144 players were eligible to play but nine did not enter: Tiger Woods (1) - knee, Luke Donald (44) - wrist, Lee Westwood (50) - personal decision, Justin Rose (78) - played KLM Open, Alex Čejka (91) - arm, Jason Bohn (96) - back, Bob Tway (119) - caddied for son Kevin in U.S. Amateur, Bob Estes (124) - getting married, Roland Thatcher (140) - wrist. Of the 135 players who entered the tournament, 72 of them made the cut. The cut was 1-over par. Vijay Singh won in a playoff over Sergio García and Kevin Sutherland. The top 120 players in the points standings advanced to the Deutsche Bank Championship.
Full leaderboard
Deutsche Bank Championship.
The Deutsche Bank Championship was played from August 29 to September 1. 120 players were eligible to play but five did not enter: Tiger Woods (15) - knee, Luke Donald (71) - wrist, Lee Westwood (76) and Justin Rose (103) - played the Johnnie Walker Championship at Gleneagles, Alex Čejka (120) - arm. Of the 115 players who entered the tournament, 86 of them made the 36-hole cut at -3. There was a second, 54-hole cut, that reduced the field to 72 players, again at -3. Vijay Singh, who won the first playoff event, won by shooting a tournament record -22 (262). The top 70 players in the points standings advanced to the BMW Championship.
Full leaderboard
BMW Championship.
The BMW Championship was played September 4-7. 70 players were eligible to play but one, Tiger Woods (32) - knee, did not enter. There was no cut for this tournament. Camilo Villegas won by shooting -15. This was Villegas' first win on the PGA Tour. Chad Campbell withdrew after the first round to attend the birth of his first child. He earned no FedEx Cup points but at the end of the BMW Championship he was in 30th place in the standings. The top 30 players in the points standings advanced to The Tour Championship.
Full leaderboard
The Tour Championship.
The Tour Championship was played September 25-28 after a two week break for the Ryder Cup. All 30 players eligible to play did so. There was no cut for this tournament. Camilo Villegas won the tournament on the first playoff hole with Sergio García. Vijay Singh won the FedEx Cup.
Full leaderboard

</doc>
<doc id="18888167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888167" title="Lichenoid eruption">
Lichenoid eruption

A lichenoid eruption is a skin disease characterized by damage and infiltration between the epidermis and dermis.
Examples include lichen planus, lichen sclerosus and lichen nitidus. It can also be associated with abrasion or drug use. It has been observed in conjunction with the use of proton pump inhibitors.
The term "lichenoid" derives from a resemblance to a lichen.

</doc>
<doc id="18888183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888183" title="Al Henderson">
Al Henderson

Al Henderson is a retired Trinidad soccer forward who played two seasons in the North American Soccer League.
Henderson attended high school at St. Mary’s College in Trinidad. He then attended Howard University where he was a 1970 and 1971 
first team All American and a 1972 second team All American. He was inducted into the Howard University Hall of Fame in 1998. In 1974, Henderson signed with the Baltimore Comets of the North American Soccer League (NASL). He spent two seasons with the Comets.
He has served as the Trinidad Minister of Sport.

</doc>
<doc id="18888190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888190" title="Cheryl Bridges">
Cheryl Bridges

Cheryl Bridges, now Cheryl Treworgy, is an American long-distance runner who is a former American and world record holder in the marathon, racing in the 1960s and 1970s.
Biography.
Cheryl Bridges was born December 25, 1947 in Indiana. She began her running career as a sophomore at North Central High School in Indianapolis. In her senior year in high school, she competed in the national cross-country championships. 
In 1966, she became the first female athlete in the U.S. to receive an athletic scholarship to a public university — Indiana State University. She graduated in three years with a degree in physical education. 
In 1969, she finished fourth in the World Cross Country Championships in Scotland. She set the U.S. records in the 3 mile and 5,000 meter distances. In 1971, she finished 3rd in the U.S. cross country championship. 
On December 7, 1971, Bridges ran her first marathon, finishing the Culver City Marathon in a world record time of 2:49:40. 
Her daughter, Shalane Flanagan won the bronze medal and set an American Record in the 2008 Summer Olympics Beijing in the 10,000 m.

</doc>
<doc id="18888191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888191" title="Jim Bradford (Australian footballer)">
Jim Bradford (Australian footballer)

Jim "Nipper" Bradford (2 March 1926 - 2005) was an Australian rules football player. He played seven games with Collingwood in 1943, and nine with North Melbourne in 1949.
He was the shortest player ever to play Australian rules football at the highest level. He stood five feet tall (152 centimetres). He was named as the rover in Camberwell Football Club's Team of the Century.

</doc>
<doc id="18888193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888193" title="Sunstorm (John Stewart album)">
Sunstorm (John Stewart album)

Sunstorm is the fifth album by folk musician John Stewart, former member of the Kingston Trio, released in 1972.
Track listing.
All compositions by John Stewart except where noted.
Side two.
Recorded at Amigo Studios, North Hollywood, and Independence Recorders, Studio City.
"An Account of Haley's Comet" features the voice of John Stewart's father, the horse trainer John S. Stewart.

</doc>
<doc id="18888202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888202" title="Allium parryi">
Allium parryi

Allium parryi is a species of wild onion known by the common names Parry's onion and Parry's fringed onion. It is native to the coastal mountains of southern California and Baja California. It is also known from the southernmost reaches of the Sierra Nevada. This onion grows from a reddish brown bulb roughly a centimeter long. It produces a short stem up to a maximum height of about 20 centimeters and a single cylindrical leaf which is generally a bit longer. The inflorescence contains up to 50 pink-veined white flowers which turn darker pink as they age. Each flower has narrow tepals less than a centimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="18888218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888218" title="Rodolfo Halffter">
Rodolfo Halffter

Rodolfo Halffter Escriche (October 20, 1900 – October 14, 1987) was a Spanish composer.
Life.
Born in Madrid, Spain into a family of musicians, he was the brother of Ernesto Halffter and uncle of Cristóbal Halffter, also composers. His father Ernesto Halffter Hein came from Königsberg, Germany. His mother was a Catalan who taught the first music lessons to her children.
Rodolfo Hallfter was self-taught and in the 1930s took part in the intellectual environment of Madrid, particularly in the composers' society "Grupo de los Ocho" or "Grupo de Madrid". This group was influenced by Spanish musician Adolfo Salazar (1890-1958), who encouraged them to innovate and introduced them to the avant-garde music of the time, including the works of Debussy, Schoenberg, Ravel and Bartók. It was in this period that Halffter wrote the majority of his most important works, and at the same time he worked as a music critic in "La Voz" as well as in the propaganda ministry of the Republican government (as compared to his brother Ernesto, who supported Franco). Because of this relationship, he went into exile in Mexico at the end of the Spanish Civil War.
In Mexico he taught in the National Conservatory and was director of "Ediciones Mexicanas de Música". He never quit composing and always kept the influence of the "Grupo de los Ocho". His works tend to develop in a free polytonality with a classicism in a Scarlatti style. It is believed that Rodolfo Halffter brought serialism to Mexico.
Halffter returned to Spain on many occasions since 1963, teaching in Granada and Santiago de Compostela and taking part in music festivals.
He was awarded Spain's highest award for composition, the Premio Nacional de Música, in 1986.
He died in Mexico in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18888231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888231" title="Demidov Bridge">
Demidov Bridge

The Demidov Bridge () is a bridge across the Griboyedov Canal in Saint Petersburg, Russia. It connects Kazansky and Spassky islands.
Name.
The bridge got its name from the surname of the known Russian powers Demidovs. It connects two parts of the former Demidov street (today Grivtzov street), named so because Demidov family owned a large section of land nearby. Initially it was planned to name the bridge "Bank Bridge", but this name was already taken by Bank Bridge.
History.
In the beginning of the 18th century, at the location of the modern Demidov Bridge, there existed wooden bridge, named "Saarsky bridge", since it was on the road to Tsarskoe Selo.
In 1834-1835 the single-span arched cast iron bridge was constructed by the project of the engineers E.A. Adam and Pierre-Dominique Bazaine.
The arched span of the bridge consisted of 91 cast iron boxes, which were fastened by the bolts. Bridge supports were made from stone, coated by granite.
Decorations.
The casting of the bridge railings has high artistic value. Their ornament has a form of palmettes (artistic motif based on the fan-shaped leaves of a palm tree). Bridge entrance features floor lamps.
In 1954-1955 the restoration project took place under supervision of architect A.L. Rotach. The lost lamps, poles and railing fragments were replaced. 
Several houses near the bridge have special memorial plaques on their facades, noting the level of the water during the catastrophic flooding on November 7, 1824, described by Pushkin in the Bronze Horseman poem.

</doc>
<doc id="18888236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888236" title="Cultivation of tobacco">
Cultivation of tobacco

In modern tobacco farming, "Nicotiana" seeds are scattered onto the surface of the soil, as their germination is activated by light, then covered in cold frames. In the Colony of Virginia, seedbeds were fertilized with wood ash or animal manure (frequently powdered horse manure). Coyote Tobacco ("N. attenuata") of the western U.S. requires burned wood to germinate. Seedbeds were then covered with branches to protect the young plants from frost damage. These plants were left to grow until around April. Today, in the United States, unlike other countries, "Nicotiana" is often fertilized with the mineral apatite to partially starve the plant for nitrogen, which changes the taste of the tobacco.
After the plants have reached a certain height, they are transplanted into fields. This was originally done by making a relatively large hole in the tilled earth with a tobacco peg, then placing the small plant in the hole. Various mechanical tobacco planters were invented throughout the late 19th and early 20th centuries to automate this process, making a hole, fertilizing it, and guiding a plant into the hole with one motion.
The cultivation of tobacco usually takes place annually. The tobacco is germinated in cold frames or hotbeds and then transplanted to the field until it matures. It is grown in warm climates with rich, well-drained soil. About 4.2 million hectares of tobacco were under cultivation worldwide in 2000, yielding over seven million tonnes of tobacco.
Sowing.
Tobacco seeds are scattered onto the surface of the soil, as their germination is activated by light. In colonial Virginia, seedbeds were fertilized with wood ash or animal manure (frequently powdered horse manure). Seedbeds were then covered with branches to protect the young plants from frost damage, and the plants were left alone until around April.
In the 19th century, young plants came under increasing attack from certain types of flea beetles, "Epitrix cucumeris" or "Epitrix pubescens", which destroyed half the U.S. tobacco crops in 1876. In the years afterward, many experiments were attempted and discussed to control the flea beetle. By 1880, growers discovered that replacing the branches with a frame covered with thin fabric effectively protected plants from the beetle. This practice spread, becoming ubiquitous in the 1890s.
Today, in the United States, unlike other countries, tobacco is often fertilized with the mineral apatite to partially starve the plant for nitrogen, which changes the taste. This (together with the use of licorice and other additives) accounts for the different flavor of American cigarettes from those available in other countries. There is, however, some suggestion that this may have adverse health effects attributable to the content of apatite.
Harvest.
Tobacco can be harvested in several ways. In the oldest method, the entire plant is harvested at once by cutting off the stalk at the ground with a sickle. In the nineteenth century, bright tobacco began to be harvested by pulling individual leaves off the stalk as they ripened. As the plants grow, they usually require topping and suckering. "Topping" is the removal of the tobacco flowers while "suckering" is the pruning out of leaves that are otherwise unproductive. Both procedures ensure that as much of the plant's energy as possible focuses on producing the large leaves that are harvested and sold. "Cropping," "Pulling," and "Priming" are terms for removing mature leaves from tobacco plants. Leaves are cropped as they ripen, from the bottom to the top of the stalk. The first crop of leaves located near the base of the tobacco stalk are called "sand lugs" in more rural southern tobacco states. They are called "sand lugs" because these leaves are close to the ground and get splashed with sand and clay when heavy rains hit the soil. Sand lugs weigh the most, and are most difficult to work with. Their weight is due to their large size and the added weight of soil; slaves lugged each stack to the "stringer" or "looper," typically a female slave, who bundled each stack of leaves. Eventually workers carried the tobacco and placed it on sleds or trailers.
As the industrial revolution approached America, the harvesting wagons that transported leaves were equipped with man powered stringers, an apparatus that used twine to attach leaves to a pole. In modern times large fields are harvested by a single piece of farm equipment, though topping the flower and in some cases the plucking of immature leaves is still done by hand.
Some farmers still use "tobacco harvesters." They are not very efficient yet highly cost effective for harvesting premium and rare strains of tobacco. The harvester trailers for in-demand crops are now pulled by gasoline fueled tractors. "Croppers" or "primers" pull the leaves off in handfuls and pass these to the "stringer" or "looper," which bundles the leaves to a four-sided pole with twine. These poles are hung until the harvester is full. The poles are then placed in a much larger wagon to be pulled by modern farm tractors to their destination. For rare tobaccos they are often cured on the farm. Traditionally, the slaves who cropped and pulled had a particularly tough time with the first pull of the large, dirty, base leaves. The leaves slapped their faces and dark tobacco sap, which dries into a dark gum, covered their bodies, and then soil stuck to the gum. There was one perk however: nicotine in tobacco acts as a powerful insecticide. Slaves could enjoy a bug free day of forced labor when harvesting tobacco. The croppers were men, and the stringers, who were seated on the higher elevated seats, were women and children. The harvesters had places for one team of ten workers: eight people cropping and stringing, plus a packer who moved the heavy strung poles of wet green tobacco from the stringers and packed them onto the pallet section of the harvester, plus a horseman. Interestingly, the outer seats were suspended from the harvester - slung out over to fit into the rows of tobacco. As these seats were suspended it was important to balance the weight of the two outside teams (similar to a playground see-saw). Having too heavy or light a person in an unbalanced combination often resulted in the harvester tipping over especially when turning around at the end of a row. Water tanks were a common feature on the harvester due to heat and danger of dehydration.
Global Production.
Trends.
Production of tobacco leaf increased by 40% between 1971, during which 4.2 million tons of leaf were produced, and 1997, during which 5.9 million tons of leaf were produced. According to the Food and Agriculture organization of the UN, tobacco leaf production is expected to hit 7.1 million tons by 2010. This number is a bit lower than the record high production of 1992, during which 7.5 tons of leaf were produced. The production growth was almost entirely due to increased productivity by developing nations, where production increased by 128%. During that same time period, production in developing countries actually decreased. China’s increase in tobacco production was the single biggest factor in the increase in world production. China’s share of the world market increased from 17% in 1971 to 47% in 1997. This growth can be partially explained by the existence of a high import tariff on foreign tobacco entering China. While this tariff has been reduced from 64% in 1999 to 10% in 2004, it still has led to local, Chinese cigarettes being preferred over foreign cigarettes because of their lower cost.
Every year 6.7 million tons of tobacco are produced throughout the world. The top producers of tobacco are China (39.6%), India (8.3%), Brazil (7.0%) and the United States (4.6%).
Major Producers.
China.
Around the peak of global tobacco production there were 20 million rural Chinese households producing tobacco on 2.1 million hectares of land. While it is the major crop for millions of Chinese farmers, growing tobacco, is not as profitable as cotton or sugar cane. This is because the Chinese government sets the market price. While this price is guaranteed, it is lower than the natural market price, because of the lack of market risk. To further control tobacco in their borders, China founded a State Tobacco Monopoly Administration (STMA) in 1982. STMA control tobacco production, marketing, imports and exports and contributes 12% to the nation's national income.
Brazil.
In Brazil around 135,000 family farmers cite tobacco production as their main economic activity. Tobacco has never exceeded 0.7% of the country’s total cultivated area. In the southern regions of Brazil, Virginia and Amarelinho flue-cured tobacco as well as Burley and Dark (Galpão Comum) air-cured tobacco are produced. These types of tobacco are used for cigarettes. In the northeast, darker, air-cured and sun-cured tobacco are grown. These types of tobacco are used for cigars, twists and dark-cigarettes. 
Brazil’s government has made attempts to reduce the production of tobacco, but has not had a successful systematic anti-tobacco farming initiative. Brazil’s government, however, provides small loans for family farms, including those that grow tobacco, through the "Programa Nacional de Fortalecimento da Agricultura Familiar" (PRONAF).
India.
India has 96,865 registered tobacco farmers and many more who are not registered. Around 0.25% of India’s cultivated land is used for tobacco production. Since 1947, the Indian government has supported growth in the tobacco industry. India has seven tobacco research centers that are located in Madras, Andhra Pradesh, Punjab, Bihar, Mysore,bangalore, West Bengal, and Rajamundry. Rajahmundry houses the core research institute. The government has set up a Central Tobacco Promotion Council, which works to increase exports of Indian tobacco.Guntur is also well known place for tobacco plantation
Problems in Tobacco Production.
Child Labor.
The International Labour Office reported that the most child-laborers work in agriculture, which is one of the most hazardous types of work. The tobacco industry houses some of these working children. There is widespread use of children on farms in Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Indonesia, Malawi and Zimbabwe. While some of these children work with their families on small family-owned farms, others work on large plantations. 
In late 2009 reports were released by the London-based human-rights group Plan International, claiming that child labor was common on Malawi (producer of 1.8% of the world’s tobacco ) tobacco farms. The organization interviewed 44 teens, who worked full-time on farms during the 2007-2008 growing season. The child-laborers complained of low pay, long hours as well as physical and sexual abuse by their supervisors. They also reported suffering from “green tobacco sickness,” a form of nicotine poisoning. When wet leaves are handled, nicotine from the leaves gets absorbed in the skin and causes nausea, vomiting and dizziness. Children were exposed to 50-cigarettes worth of nicotine through direct contact with tobacco leaves. This level of nicotine in children can permanently alter brain structure and function.
Families that farm tobacco often have to make the difficult decision between having their children work or go to school. Unfortunately working often beats education because tobacco farmers, especially in the developing world, cannot make enough money from their crop to survive without the cheap labor that children provide.
Economy.
 The cultivation of tobacco is economically detrimental to the countries that produce it, especially those that are still developing. When resources are put into tobacco production, they are taken away from food production. Large amount of firewood, that could be used domestically for fuel and heating, are instead used for the curing of tobacco. 
 A large percent of the profits from tobacco production go to large tobacco companies rather than local tobacco farmers. Also many countries have government subsidies for tobacco farming. Major tobacco companies have encouraged global tobacco production. Philip Morris, British American Tobacco and Japan Tobacco each own or lease tobacco manufacturing facilities in at least 50 countries and buy crude tobacco leaf from at least 12 more countries. This encouragement, along with government subsidies has led to a glut in the tobacco market. This surplus has resulted in lower prices, which are devastating to small-scale tobacco farmers. According to the World Bank, between 1985 and 2000 the inflation-adjusted price of tobacco dropped 37%
Environment.
Tobacco production requires the use of a large amount of pesticides. Tobacco companies recommend up to 16 separate applications of pesticides just in the period between planting the seeds in greenhouses and transplanting the young plants to the field. Pesticide use has been worsened by the desire to produce bigger crops in less time because of the decreasing market value of tobacco. Pesticides often harm tobacco farmers because they are unaware of the health effects and the proper safety protocol for working with pesticides. These pesticides as well as fertilizers, end up in the soil, the waterway and the food chain. Coupled with child labor, pesticides pose an even greater threat. Early exposure to pesticides may increase a child's life long cancer risk as well as harm his or her nervous and immune systems.
Tobacco is a crop that leeches nutrients, such as phosphorus, nitrogen and potassium, from the soil at a rate higher than any other major crop. This leads to dependence on fertilizers. 
Some of the mineral apatite in Florida used to produce phosphate for U.S.A. tobacco crops contains uranium, radium, lead 210 and polonium 210 and radon. The radioactive smoke from tobacco fertilized this way is deposited in lungs and releases radiation even if a smoker quits the habit. The combination of carcinogenic tar and radiation in a sensitive organ such as lungs increases the risk of cancer. If the smoker also breathes in the asbestos fibers which commonly occur in urban and industrial environments, the risk of cancer is greatly increased.
The wood for the curing of tobacco, leads to deforestation. While some big tobacco producers such as China and the United States have access to petroleum, coal and natural gas, which can be used as alternatives to wood, most developing countries still rely on wood in the curing process. Brazil alone uses the wood of 60 million trees per year for curing, packaging and rolling cigarettes. Deforestation is a factor in flooding, decreased soil productivity and general climate change.
References.
Bibliography.
“International Cigarette Manufacturers,” Tobacco Reporter, March 2001

</doc>
<doc id="18888242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888242" title="Aathi Narayana">
Aathi Narayana

Aathi Narayana is a 2012 Tamil film directed by Vetrivendhan, which featured Kajan and Meera Jasmine in the lead roles. After a four year delay in production, the film released on 27 April 2012.
Production.
The project was announced in March 2008 with the production house announcing that they had audaciously signed Meera Jasmine to feature alongside a newcomer in their new project titled "Deivamagan" - though the tile was changed after pressure from the makers of an old film with the same name. The director, debutant Vetrivendhan, revealed that the team initially wanted to title the film as "Deiva Magan" as the film revolved around a psychotic character but later opted to call it Aathi Narayana after the lead character's name. Shooting took place throughout late 2008 and in early 2009 with the November rains hampering progress.
The audio release of the film was held on August 25, 2009 with director Perarasu taking the opportunity as a stage to vent out against heroines who get overpaid.
Release.
The film eventually released on 27 April 2012 across Tamil Nadu with little publicity alongside another delayed Tamil film "Leelai".

</doc>
<doc id="18888268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888268" title="Venice Shoreline Crips">
Venice Shoreline Crips

The Venice Shoreline Crips (VSLC) are a black street gang located in the Oakwood section within Venice, a district of Los Angeles, California. The gang dates back to the 1970s, being one of the earliest Crip gangs and one of the most dangerous street gangs on the Los Angeles Westside. It was amongst the first black gangs to fight against Mexican street gangs, notably the Venice 13 and Culver City Boyz gangs in the 1990s and is allied to the N-Hood crip alliance.
History.
The Venice Shoreline Crips formed out of the extreme poverty and racism in Venice's Oakwood neighborhood, which was originally labeled as a "servant's zone" by Venice founder Abbot Kinney and one of the few places within a mile of California's coastline where blacks could own property. Due to restrictive covenants that enforced racial segregation, Oakwood was set aside as a settlement area for blacks and the population increased rapidly as hundreds moved to Venice to work in the oil fields during the 1930s and 1940s. Into the 1950s, the City of Los Angeles had neglected Oakwood so much that it became known as "the ghetto by the sea" with unpaved narrow streets leading to run down bungalows, many of which lacked foundations. 
While unemployment soared with the closing of the oil fields, the 1960s brought drugs and racial tensions to Oakwood and gang membership began to rise among the already established Venice 13 gang. Inspired by the Black Power Movement and after a series of militant black riots in Venice in the late 1960s the Shoreline Crips were founded alongside some of the original Crip gangs formed by Tookie Williams and Raymond Washington in South Central Los Angeles. In the 1980s as crack cocaine was introduced and gangs began focusing more on money rather than their original politics, the Shoreline Crips became heavily involved in the narcotics business in Oakwood and on the Venice Boardwalk as well. 
Leading into the 1990s gunfire was heard nightly as the Shorelines warred with rival Culver City 13 after Shoreline cliques were pushed out of the Mar Vista Gardens projects. Shortly after, Oakwood exploded as a war broke out between the Shorelines and Venice 13 over control of the Venice drug trade until a cease-fire was arranged between the two gangs. In the 1990s, when newly arrived white homeowners took residency in and around the area, causing Los Angeles to combat the gang problem. Although even after a series of raids, injunctions, and other measures against them, the Shorelines have maintained a steady control over their territory with their numbers ranging in the several hundreds.
Venice 13.
In the early 1990s, the Shorelines became involved in a war with the neighboring Venice 13 gang over control of Oakwood's drug trade, which left almost two dozen people dead in 9 months. Eventually V13 would acquire the support of fellow Sotel 13, Santa Monica 13, and Culver City 13 Sureños gangs through the Mexican Mafia and the war eventually ended with a cease-fire negotiated between V13 and the Shorelines in exchange for a new community center in the Oakwood neighborhood.
Rivals.
The Venice Shoreline Crips are rivals with the many of the surrounding Latino gangs such as the Santa Monica 13, Santa Monica 17th St, 18th Street and the Culver City 13. The gang has also been known to feud with the Rollin 40's Crips, Rollin 60 Neighborhood Crips, Grape Street Watts Crips, Graveyard Gangster Crips, and all Blood gangs.
Notoriety.
In November 1980 a Venice Crip member was arrested for the murder of Sarai Ribicoff, niece of Senator Abraham Ribicoff, in a robbery outside a Washington Blvd restaurant.
The war with the Culver City Boyz spilled into the lives of many not affiliated with gangs as bystanders and parents began being shot at on a regular basis.

</doc>
<doc id="18888280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888280" title="Transgenderism and religion">
Transgenderism and religion

The relationship between transgenderism and religion varies widely around the world. Religions range from condemning any gender-variant behaviour, to honoring transgender people as religious leaders. Views within a single religion can vary considerably.
Abrahamic religions.
Abrahamic religions have creation stories in which God creates people, "male and female". This is sometimes interpreted as a divine mandate against gender variance. The Torah contains specific prohibitions on cross-dressing and damaged genitals.
Judaism.
The term "saris", generally translated to English as "eunuch" or "chamberlain", appears 45 times in the Tanakh. It frequently refers to a trusted but gender variant person who was delegated authority by a powerful person. It is unclear whether most were in fact castrated. In Isaiah 56 God promises eunuchs who keep the Sabbath and hold fast to his covenant that he will build an especially good monument in heaven for them, to make up for their childlessness.
Some Orthodox assert that sex/gender is an innate and eternal category and cite verses in the Book of Genesis about Adam and Eve and the creation of maleness and femaleness. There are, nevertheless, Orthodox authorities who recognize the medical necessity of sex reassignment as well as the efficacy of sex reassignment surgery (SRS) in changing halachic sex designation. In 2007 Joy Ladin became the first openly transgender professor at an Orthodox institution (Stern College for Women in Manhattan).
Conservative Judaism has mixed views on transgender people. In 2003, the CJLS approved a rabbinic ruling that concluded that sex reassignment surgery (SRS) is permissible as a treatment of gender dysphoria, and that a transgender person's sex status under Jewish law is changed by SRS. There have not yet been any openly transgender rabbis or rabbinical students affiliated with Conservative Judaism. However, Emily Aviva Kapor, who had been ordained privately by a Conservadox rabbi in 2005, began living as a woman in 2012, thus becoming the first openly transgender female rabbi in all of Judaism.
Reform Judaism has expressed positive views on transgender people. Reform Judaism's Central Conference of American Rabbis first addressed the issue of transgender Jews in 1978, when they deemed it permissible for a person who has undergone sex reassignment surgery (SRS) to be married according to Jewish tradition. In 1990, the Central Conference of American Rabbis declared that people who have undergone sex reassignment surgery (SRS) may convert to Judaism. In 2002 at the Reform seminary Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion in New York, Rabbi Margaret Wenig organized the first school-wide seminar at any rabbinical school which addressed the psychological, legal, and religious issues affecting people who are transsexual or intersex. In 2003 Reuben Zellman became the first openly transgender person accepted to Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion; he was ordained there in 2010. Also in 2003, the Union for Reform Judaism retroactively applied its pro-rights policy on gays and lesbians to the transgender and bisexual communities, issuing a resolution titled, "SUPPORT FOR THE INCLUSION AND ACCEPTANCE OF THE TRANSGENDER AND BISEXUAL COMMUNITIES." Also in 2003, Women of Reform Judaism issued a statement describing their support for human and civil rights and the struggles of the transgender and bisexual communities, and saying, "Women of Reform Judaism accordingly: Calls for civil rights protections from all forms of discrimination against bisexual and transgender individuals; Urges that such legislation allows transgender individuals to be seen under the law as the gender by which they identify; and
Calls upon sisterhoods to hold informative programs about the transgender and bisexual communities." In 2006 Elliot Kukla, who had come out as transgender six months before his ordination, became the first openly transgender person to be ordained by the Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion. In 2007 the Union for Reform Judaism issued a new edition of "Kulanu", their resource manual for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender inclusion, which for the first time included a blessing sanctifying the sex-change process. It was written by Elliot Kukla at the request of a friend of his who was transgender. Also in 2007, David Saperstein of the Religious Action Center called for a trans-inclusive Employment Non-Discrimination Act.
Reconstructionist Judaism has expressed positive views on transgender people. In 2003 the Reform rabbi Margaret Wenig organized the first school-wide seminar at the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College which addressed the psychological, legal. and religious issues affecting people who are transsexual or intersex. In 2013 the Reconstructionist Rabbinical Association issued a resolution stating in part, "Therefore be it resolved that the RRA Rabbinical Association directs its executive director and board to move forward, in cooperation with the RRC Rabbinical College and all relevant associated entities, in educating RRA members about issues of gender identity, to urge the Reconstructionist movement to similarly educate its constituency and to adopt policies that will do all that is possible to provide full employment opportunities for transgender and gender nonconforming rabbis, and to explore how the Reconstructionist movement can best influence the wider Jewish and non-Jewish world to welcoming and inclusive of all people, regardless of gender identity." 
Several non-denominational Jewish groups provide resources for transgender people. published an LGBTQ Resource Guide in 2007. Jewish Mosaic has published interpretations of Jewish texts that affirm transgender identities.
Christianity.
The New Testament is more ambiguous about gender-variant identities than the Old Testament is. Eunuchs (Greek "eunochos", similar to Hebrew "saris") are indicated as acceptable candidates for evangelism and baptism, as demonstrated in a story about the conversion of an Ethiopian eunuch. At one point, while answering questions about marriage and divorce, Jesus says that "there are eunuchs who have been so from birth, and there are eunuchs who have been made eunuchs by others, and there are eunuchs who have made themselves eunuchs for the sake of the kingdom of heaven." There has been discussion about the significance of the selection of the Ethiopian eunuch as being an early gentile convert to Christianity: the inclusion of a eunuch, representing a sexual minority, similar to some included under today's category of transgender, in the context of the time.
A 2000 document from the Catholic Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith concludes that the sex-change procedures do not change a person’s gender in the eyes of the Church. “The key point,” said the reported document “is that the transsexual surgical operation is so superficial and external that it does not change the personality. If the person was a male, he remains male. If she was female, she remains female.” 
Some Christian denominations accept transgender people as members and clergy. Unitarian Universalism is a liberal religion whose roots are in liberal Christianity, and it was the first denomination to accept openly transgender people as full members with eligibility to become clergy, and the first to open an Office of Bisexual, Gay, Lesbian, and Transgender Concerns. In 1988 the first openly transgender person was ordained by the Unitarian Universalist Association. In 2002 Rev. Sean Dennison became the first openly transgender person in the Unitarian Universalist ministry called to serve a congregation; he was called to South Valley UU Society, Salt Lake City, UT. In 2003 the United Church of Christ General Synod called for full inclusion of transgender persons. In 2005 Sarah Jones became the first openly transgender person ordained by the Church of England as a priest. In 2008, the United Methodist Church Judicial Council ruled that openly transgender pastor Drew Phoenix could keep his position. At the UMC General Conference the same year, several petitions that would have forbidden transgender clergy and added anti-transgender language to the Book of Discipline were rejected. In 2012 the Episcopal Church in the United States approved a change to their nondiscrimination canons to include gender identity and expression. In 2013 Shannon Kearns became the first openly transgender person ordained by the North American Old Catholic Church. He was ordained in Minneapolis. In 2014 Megan Rohrer became the first openly transgender leader of a Lutheran congregation (specifically, Grace Evangelical Lutheran Church of San Francisco.) 
Islam.
In Islam, the term mukhannathun is used to describe gender-variant people, usually male-to-female transsexuals. Neither this term nor the equivalent for "eunuch" occurs in the Qur'an, but the term does appear in the Hadith, the sayings of Muhammad, which have a secondary status to the central text. Moreover, within Islam, there is a tradition on the elaboration and refinement of extended religious doctrines through scholarship. This doctrine contains a trans-positive passage by the scholar and hadith collector An-Nawawi:
Iran carries out more sex change operations than any other nation in the world except for Thailand. It is sanctioned as a supposed "cure" for homosexuality, which is punishable by death under Iranian law. The government even provides up to half the cost for those needing financial assistance and a sex change is recognised on the birth certificate.
The status of "mukhannathun" in Islam has been partially based on their inability to have penetrative sex with women, whether by inclination or due to anatomic interventions. They were allowed into harems but ejected if they displayed sexual interest in women. In some historical periods (when sanctions against gender variance were on the rise) castration was required, but some mukhannathun reacted positively rather than negatively.
Baha'i Faith.
In the Baha'i Faith, transgender people can gain recognition in their gender if they have medically transitioned under the direction of medical professionals, and if they have sex reassignment surgery (SRS). After SRS, they are considered transitioned, they may have a Baha'i marriage.
Dharmic religions.
Hinduism.
The traditional religion of the Indian subcontinent, Hinduism, has long standing, historically robust identity for gender variance that functions as a kind of caste. The general term is Hijira but different regions with completely different languages have other terms for roughly homologous cases with details that vary, for example another caste that works the same way is Arvani. These castes typically have very low status and it is considered a tragedy for a child to end up this way. In some parts of India these castes have special legal status whereby their members are the only people in the population who may legally engage in prosititution – and they are, in some senses, expected to earn their living this way.
Hindu philosophy has the concept of a third sex or third gender ("tritiya-prakriti" – literally, "third nature"). This category includes a wide range of people with mixed male and female natures such as homosexuals, transsexuals, bisexuals, the intersexed, and so on. Such persons were not considered fully male or female in traditional Hinduism, being a combination of both. They are mentioned as third sex by nature (birth) and were not expected to behave like ordinary men and women. They often kept their own societies or town quarters, performed specific occupations (such as masseurs, hairdressers, flower-sellers, domestic servants, etc.) and were generally attributed a semi-divine status. Their participation in religious ceremonies, especially as crossdressing dancers and devotees of certain temple gods/goddesses, is considered inauspicious in traditional Hinduism. Some Hindus believe that third-sex people have special powers allowing them to bless or curse others. However, these beliefs are not upheld in all divisions of Hinduism. In Hinduism, the universal creation is honored as unlimitedly diverse and the recognition of a third sex is simply one more aspect of this understanding.
Buddhism.
Most Buddhist scripture does not distinguish same-sex sexual activity from heterosexual activity, both being seen as non-conducive to spiritual growth.
In Thai Buddhism, being katoey (an umbrella term that roughly maps to a range of things from MtF transsexualism to male homosexuality) is seen as being part of one's karma if it should be the case for a person. The response is one of "pity" rather than "blame". Katoey are generally seen as not likely to form lasting relationships with men, and the lay explanation of their karma is that they are working out debts from adulterous behavior in past lives. In the past they disrupted marriages, and now they are doomed to never marry.
In Thailand, katoey are still not allowed to legally become female or marry a man. Same-sex marriage is not possible in Thailand. Transgender women however can marry their European partners, if that is legislatively possible in their partner's country, and leave Thailand.
In Theravada Buddhism monks take vows of celibacy, and self-control over sexual impulses is idealized as part of the path to Nirvanna. In the 1980s, in response to growing awareness of the AIDS crisis, some Buddhist writers drew on Buddhist teachings to argue that homosexual behavior was unnatural and unethical and demonstrated a lack of self-control. However, other Buddhist scholars have argued that karmic debt only accumulates around heterosexual immorality when patriarchal notions of male ownership of female sexuality are disrupted (for example, pre-marital sex is "theft of virginity" by a man from the woman's father). According to this view, the difficulties and pain of gender variant lives are part of how this debt is "paid off" in subsequent lives and as such it incurs no "additional" karmic debt.
Shinto.
Shinto kami associated with same-sex love or gender variance include: Shirabyōshi, female or transgender kami, represented as half-human, half-snake. They are linked to Shinto priests of the same name, who are usually female (or occasionally transgender) and perform ritual dances in traditional men's clothing; Oyamakui, a transgender mountain spirit that protects industry and childbearing; and Inari, the kami of agriculture and rice, who is depicted as various genders, the most common representations being a young female food goddess, an old man carrying rice, and an androgynous bodhisattva. Inari is further associated with foxes and Kitsune, shapeshifting fox trickster spirits. Kitsune sometimes disguise themselves as women, independent of their true gender, in order to trick human men into sexual relations with them. Common belief in medieval Japan was that any woman encountered alone, especially at dusk or night, could be a fox.
Confucianism.
One issue that Confucianism is quite clear on is the importance of filial piety with an accompanying tradition of ancestor worship. People are supposed to respect and obey their parents, get married, and have children who extend their family lines. Gender variant people who are physically capable of living up to this standard would be generally encouraged to enter a marital relationship, have children, and be discreet about any additional relationships (for example homosexual partners) on the side, if absolutely necessary. Transsexualism is obviously not consistent with this scheme.
Chinese religions.
Eunuchs, male-bodied people castrated for royal services, existed in China from 1700 BC until 1924 AD. This social role had a long history, with a continuous community, and a highly public role. Before being castrated a Chinese eunuch would be asked if he "would ever regret being castrated" and if the answer was "no" then surgery would take place. It's an open question as to who would answer this way and why. The historical status of Chinese eunuchs was a curious mixture of extreme weakness and great power. The allure of power and influence were sometimes offered as excuses for the decision to become a eunuch. It has been speculated that Chinese monarchs trusted their eunuchs because the inability to have children left them with no motivation to seek power or riches. It is not clear to what extent eunuchs were transgender or otherwise gender-variant, but the history of eunuchs in Chinese culture is important to its views on transgender people.
African religious beliefs.
The Akan people of Ghana have a pantheon of gods that includes personifications of celestial bodies. These personification manifest as androgynous and transgender deities, and include Abrao (Jupiter), Aku (Mercury), and Awo (Moon).
The mythology of the Shona people of Zimbabwe is ruled over by an androgynous creator god called Mwari, who occasionally splits into separate male and female aspects.
Australian Aboriginal.
The indigenous population of Australia have a shamanistic religion, which includes a pantheon of gods. The rainbow serpent god Ungud has been described as androgynous. Shaman identify their erect penises with Ungud, and his androgyny inspires some to undergo ceremonial subincision of the penis. Angamunggi is another rainbow-serpent god, worshipped as a "giver of life".
Other Australian mythological beings include Labarindja, blue-skinned wild women or "demon women" with hair the colour of smoke. Stories about them show them to be completely uninterested in romance or sex with men, and any man forcing his attention upon them could die, due the "evil magic in their vaginas". They are sometimes depicted as gynandrous or intersex, having both a penis and a vagina. Ths is represented in ritual by having their part played by men in women's clothes.
Pacific Islands.
Third gender, or gender variant, spiritual intermediaries are found in many pacific island cultures, including the bajasa of the Toradja Bare'e people of Celebes, the bantut of the Taosug people of the south Philippines, and the bayoguin of the pre-Christian Philippines. These shamans are typically biologically male but display feminine behaviours and appearance, and are often homoerotically inclined. The pre-Christian Philippines had a polytheistic religion, which included the hermaphroditic gods Bathala and Malyari, whose names means "Man and Woman in One" and "Powerful One" respectively; these gods are worshipped by the Bayagoin.
The Big Nambas of Vanuatu have the concept of divinely approved-of homoerotic relationships between men, with the older partner called the "dubut". This name is derived from the word for shark, referring to the patronage of the shark-human hydrid creator god Qat.
Among their pantheon of deities, the Ngaju Dayak of Borneo worship Mahatala-Jata, an androgynous god. The male part of this god is Mahatala, who rules the Upperworld, and is depicted as a hornbill living above the clouds on a mountain-top; the female part is Jata, who rules the Underworld from under the sea in the form of a water-snake. These two manifestations are linked via a jewel-encrusted bridge that is seen in the physical world as a rainbow. Mahatala-Jata is served by "balian", female hierodules, and "basir" transgender shamans metaphorically described as "water snakes which are at the same time hornbills".
Similar transgender shamans, the "manang bali" (which literally means a transformed shaman from a male into a woman), are found in the Iban Dayak people in the Borneo Island such as in Sarawak. Manang bali is the third and highest degree of shamanism after accomplishing the second degree of manang mansau (cooked shaman) and the first degree of manang mataq (uncooked shamana). The initiation ceremony for becoming a manang bali is called "Manang bangun manang enjun" which can be literally translated as the Awakened shaman, shaken shaman. After this ceremony, a manang bali dresses and acts like women and have homoerotic relationships. This makes them both the target of ridicule and respected as a spiritual intermediary. Boys fated to become manang bali may first dream of becoming a woman and also of being summoned by the god of medicine Menjaya Raja Manang or the goddess Ini Inee or Ini Andan who is regarded the natural-born healer and the god of justice. Menjaya Raja Manang began existence as a malegod, until their brother Sengalang Burong's wife became extremely sick. This prompted Menjaya into becoming the world's first healer, allowing him to cure his sister-in-law, but this treatment also resulted in Menjaya changing into a woman or androgynous being. Menjaya was consecrated as the first manang bali by his own sister, Ini Inee Ini Andan in the first ever awakening-shaking ceremony and the first healing by a name-changing "belian" curing rite.
Neopagan religion.
In most branches of Wicca, a person's sexual orientation is not considered an issue, provided that individual relationships are healthy and loving. Transgender people are generally magickal people, according to Karla McLaren in her "Energetic Boundaries" study guide. Transgender people are almost always welcomed in individual communities, covens, study groups, and circles. Many transgender Neopagans were initially attracted to Neopagan religions because of this inclusion.
However, there are some Neopagan groups that do not welcome transgender people. In some cases, this is because of the emphasis on the union of male and female, and the exclusion of transgender individuals from such practices. Also, some separatist groups exclude transgender people, often on the basis that non-transgender individuals share certain spiritual qualities derived from genetic or biological sex. Dianic Wicca is an example of such a separatist group.
Classical myth.
The patron god of hermaphrodites and transvestites is Dionysus, a god gestated in the thigh of his father Zeus, after his mother died from being overwhelmed by Zeus's true form. Aphroditus was an androgynous Aphrodite from Cyprus, with a religious cult in which worshipers cross-dressed, in later mythology became known as Hermaphroditus, the son of Hermes and Aphrodite who merged bodies with the water nymph Salmacis, transforming him into an androgynous being. In Phrygia there was Agdistis, a hermaphroditic being created when Zeus unwittingly impregnated Gaia. The gods feared Agdistis and Dionysus castrated her, she then became the goddess Cybele.
In addition, Norse Gods were capable of changing gender at will, for example Loki, the trickster god, frequently disguised himself as a woman and gave birth to a foal while in the form of a white mare, after a sexual encounter with the stallion Svaðilfari. Comparison of a man to a child-bearing woman was a common insult in Scandinavia, and the implication that Loki may be bisexual was considered an insult.
Human fertility was a major aspect of Egyptian mythology, and was often entwined with the crop fertility provided by annual flooding of the river Nile. This connection was shown in iconography of Nile-gods, such as Hapy, god of the Nile River, and Wadj-wer, god of the Nile Delta, who although male were depicted with female attributes such as pendulous breasts, symbolizing the fertility the river provides.
Further reading.
"Balancing on the Mechitza: Transgender in Jewish Community" by Noach Dzmura (Jun 1, 2010) 
"Crossing Over: Liberating the Transgendered Christian" by Vanessa Sheridan (Oct 2001)

</doc>
<doc id="18888292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888292" title="Allium praecox">
Allium praecox

Allium praecox is a species of wild onion known by the common name early onion. It is native to the coastal hills and mountains of southern California and Baja California, where it grows in shady areas in clay soils. 
Description.
"Allium praecox" is an onion that grows from a brownish or grayish bulb between one and two centimeters long. It produces a stem up to 60 centimeters long and two or three long, keeled leaves about the same length or sometimes a little longer. 
The inflorescence holds up to 40 flowers, each on a long pedicel up to 4 centimeters long. The flowers are purple-veined pink and dry to a papery texture as they age.

</doc>
<doc id="18888310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888310" title="Goalsneak">
Goalsneak

A goalsneak is an Australian rules football player whose job is to kick goals in a game. It usually describes a forward player, particularly a player in a forward pocket, who is small and nimble. A goalsneak may use his pace and cunning to snatch a goal after a running play where a larger player would use brute strength and height to mark the ball.

</doc>
<doc id="18888356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888356" title="Son of Science">
Son of Science

Son of Science is a progressive metal band from Brighton, UK formed by bassist Adrian Lambert after leaving UK power metal band DragonForce. The band play a technical but catchy style of metal characterised by multiple time changes, unison guitar and keyboard solos, and bone-jarring heavy riffs.

</doc>
<doc id="18888372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888372" title="Rushed behind">
Rushed behind

In Australian rules football, a rushed behind occurs when the ball passes through the goalposts and was last touched by a defending player. A rushed behind scores one point against the defending team, but also prevents the attacking team from scoring a goal, worth six points.
A rushed behind typically occurs when a defending player touches the ball after it has been kicked and as it heads toward the goal; by touching the ball, the defender ensures that the attacking team scores only one point, rather than the full six. It may be less risky for a defending player in possession of the ball to deliberately concede a rushed behind, rather than try to prevent any score outright.
Rushed behinds are statistically credited to no player; scoresheets will simply include the tally of total rushed behinds credited to a team's score.
It is impossible for a defending team to directly concede a "rushed goal" worth six points.
Free kick for conceding a deliberate rushed behind.
Since 2009, it has been illegal in AFL matches for a defender to deliberately concede a rushed behind when he is not under any pressure from the attacking team. In the event that a defender does this, the umpire awards a free kick to the attacking on the goal-line at the spot where the defender conceded the score. The defender may still deliberately concede a rushed behind if he is under pressure from an attacker.
Two high-profile incidents during the 2008 AFL season were largely responsible for the introduction of this rule. In Round 16, Richmond's Joel Bowden rushed two behinds in a row while kicking in to use up time towards the end of their game against Essendon, reducing the margin from 6 points to 4 points, but enabling Richmond to win the game. Then the 2008 AFL Grand Final saw Hawthorn rush a record 11 behinds against Geelong.
Prior to the 2008 season, a variation had already been trialled in pre-season matches in which a deliberate rushed behind conceded three points instead of one; this was never introduced into premiership matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18888377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888377" title="Lim Su-Jeong (taekwondo)">
Lim Su-Jeong (taekwondo)

Lim Su-jeong (임수정) (born August 20, 1986) is a female South Korean taekwondo practitioner.
Asian Games.
At the age of 16, she won the gold medal in flyweight (–51 kg) at the 2002 Asian Games, beating 2004 Olympic bronze medalist Yaowapa Boorapolchai of Thailand in the final. 
In 2007, Lim won the gold medal in featherweight (–59 kg) at the 24th Summer Universiade in Bangkok, Thailand, defeating 2005 World Championship bronze medalist Chonnapas Premwaew of Thailand 8–1 in the final.
Olympic Games.
She qualified for the 2008 Beijing Olympics, finishing in first place in the –57 kg category at the World Qualification Tournament in Manchester, England. Lim won the gold medal in the women's 57 kg category at the 2008 Olympics, defeating Azize Tanrıkulu of Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="18888378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888378" title="Jalisco State Highway 225">
Jalisco State Highway 225

Jalisco State Highway 225 is a east–west route between the towns of Yahualica de González Gallo and Huisquilco, Jalisco, Mexico.
Route description.
Jalisco 225 starts, westbound, in the western part of the town of Yahualica at the intersection with Mexican Fedreal Highway 71 and, eastbound, in the northeastern part of Huisquilco just before Campo Deportivo Atenas, on top of an arroyo (creek). Most of the route is straight except for a few curves on the hills. It has two intersections. One of them is with Jalisco 238 (JAL 238) at km 8.5 and the other one being an auxiliary route Jalisco 225 (JAL 225). Both routes being north–south routes.
Auxiliary routes.
Jalisco 225 only has one auxiliary route. It also carries the same number creating some confusion. The difference is that the auxiliary route runs North-South between JAL 225 at km 5.2 and El Durazno, Jalisco.
Speed limit.
The speed limit varies from . 60 km/h is marked throughout most of the highway in the rural areas. Once entering the urban areas there are speed bumps to reduce the speed limit down to 30 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="18888507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888507" title="Asayish">
Asayish

Asayish (also spelled Asayiş), the Kurdish term for "security", may refer to:
Asayish or Asayesh may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18888511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888511" title="Havelock Road Bombing">
Havelock Road Bombing

The Havelock Road Bombing was the detonation of a remote controlled car bomb on March 2, 1991, during rush hour in Thimbirigasyaya (also known as Havelocktown) a suburb of Colombo, Sri Lanka. According to Jane's Information Group it was carried out to assassinate Ranjan Wijeratne, the Sri Lankan Foreign Minister and Minister of State for Defense (deputy defense minister) by the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) which is proscribed as a terrorist organization by 31 countries (see list). The bomb was detonated as the Minister's armored car passed it, killing 19 people including the minister, five security personal and 13 civilian bysatnaders. Minister Wijeratne was known to have a hard line stance towards the LTTE.
The blast occurred on Havelock Road (a stretch of the Highlevel road) close to Police Field Headquarters during morning rush hour when the minister was on his way to office from his home. In 2008, Tamil Tigers accused that Ranjan Wijeratne tried to kill their leader Velupillai Prabhakaran during the 1990 peace process.

</doc>
<doc id="18888543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888543" title="Douglas Wood">
Douglas Wood

Douglas Wood may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18888563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888563" title="Dominic Fonde">
Dominic Fonde

Dominic John Fonde (born 26 March 1974) is a British glass artist, working with blown and engraved glass. A typical example of his work is a blown glass plate engraved with an original short story. According to information on his website Fonde uses the drill engraving technique and on rare occasions the sandblasting technique. He graduated from Edinburgh College of Art in 2001. He has exhibited widely around the UK and created and toured a number of events that mixed glass art with haiku poetry, children's drawings and opera. For the Ten Green Bottles Exhibition he wrote a short story based on the children's song Ten Green Bottles; "If one green bottle should accidentally fall..." In this exhibition he asked a class of primary school children to illustrate the story. The illustrations were then passed to ten glass artists, some notable figures on the British glass scene others were promising students who made the bottles as the children had drawn them. The most notable artists were Keiko Mukaide, Ray Flavell and Jane Charles. At the last venue on the tour the bottles were auctioned for the charity "Pod". Prof. Dan Klein acted as auctioneer.
Fonde has served as a committee member for Cohesion Glass Network and for the Contemporary Glass Society where he acted as editor of the newsletter.
Although originally from the UK, Fonde has lived and worked in Singapore since 2006 where he is part of the company Art Glass Solutions. On the Art glass Solutions website and in a press release dated 19 October 2008 he claimed to be "the only professional glass engraver in Singapore".Art Glass Solutions Pte. Ltd.
Themes.
Fonde's work is unusual in that the text that he decorates his glass work with tends to be very complete short stories that could easily exist without the glass, although the stories themselves always make a direct reference to a glass object. Recurrent themes in Fondé's engraved work appear to be the anthropomorphism of glass vessels to comment on the human condition. This is done through short stories describing the glass object, usually a vase or a platter or some kind, observing the people who may use it as a receptacle for flowers and discussing said people’s emotional state. The tone of the stories is humorous although often with a slightly barbed or dark undertone.
Since 2008 Fondé seems to be concentrating more on curating glass and mixed media exhibitions. He curated “Palimpsest” an exhibition in that took place in Singapore in November 2009 in which artists worked in pairs, generating mixed media artworks by working directly on to an existing artworks provided by one of the pair. This exhibition may be seen as an ongoing interest in collaboration and dialogue between groups and pairings of artists that began in the “Ten Green Bottles” project and continued through the “Haiku and Glass” project in 2001.
"The word dialogue is central to the concept of this show. Although the title is "Palimpsest" it could just as easily have been "Catalyst" a jumping off point for artists to begin to work, to meet with each other, experiment with glass and other materials and crucially share ideas and communicate" ref>(Palimpsest Exhibition catalogue page 6)«/ref>
"I rarely look at glass for inspiration. If I'm writing it will be music that sets the tone usually, finding an atmosphere that you want to recreate. Film is also inspiring, but mostly its people. i can watch people endlessly. The strange little quirks they have and the things they do tend to be starting points for stories. Inevitably the stories describe a glass object. So I guess the glass is an illustration of the story". Dominic Fonde
Education.
Master of Design (specialising in blown glass) at The Edinburgh College of Art. Grad. 2001
B.A.Hons in Ceramics and Glass 2.1 at The Buckinghamshire College of Higher Education. 1993 to 1996
Foundation Studies in Art and Design at the Newcastle College of Art and Technology 1992-93
Exhibitions.
Palimpsest. group exhibition in Singapore Nov 2009
“Fragments” group show at Forth Gallery, 69a Pagoda Street, Singapore. May 2008
6 engraved plates with short stories for Adamson Noon, London April 2007
“My Secret Garden” 3 engraved windows for Birmingham Botanical Gardens and Glasshouses. Jan. 2007
Featured artist at The Strathearn Gallery Feb - March 2006
The Chelsea Crafts Fair 2004 and 2005
Art in Action. Waterperry House, Oxon July 2005
Verbatim:The Art of Text, Byard Art, Cambridge June 2005
21st Century Glass. The Daniel Katz Gallery London Jan. 2005
British Glass, Glass Inspiration, Burgdorf Switzerland Nov 2004
British Glass Biennale 2004 Ruskin Mill Stourbridge
Haiku and Glass A series of collaborations between eleven glass artists and eleven poets. Curated by Dominic Fondé
“Storylines” April 2003 The Scottish Gallery
“9 x 9”The leather Market, Weston Street, London.
“Ten Green Bottles” Work by ten glass blowers, based on a short story by Dominic Fondé and drawings by primary school children. Curated by Dominic Fondé
Collections.
The Pilkington Collection, The World of Glass, St. Helens
The Collection of Prof. Dan Klein and Alan Poole, London
Publications.
Article “Under pressure” for Glashaus” magazine July 2008
Article “Postcard from China” Contemporary Glass Society Newsletter Spring 2008
Featured in “Techniques of Glass Engraving” Peter Dreiser and Jonathan Matcham. A & C Black ISBN 0-7136-7516-0
References.
speaking in Glass network issue 28 (CGS newsletter) June 2008 page 7

</doc>
<doc id="18888573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888573" title="Bates Gill">
Bates Gill

Dr. Bates Gill (, , born 1959) is an expert on Chinese foreign policy and a former Director of the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI).
Dr Gill has a long record of research and publication on both international and regional security issues. These include arms control, non-proliferation, peacekeeping and military-technical development—and all mainly with regard to China and Asia. In recent years his work has broadened to encompass other contemporary security-related trends including multilateral security organizations, the impact of domestic politics and development on the foreign policies of states, and the nexus of public health and security.
In March 2012, Dr Gill was appointed as the chief executive officer of the United States Studies Centre at the University of Sydney.
Education.
Gill received his Ph.D in Foreign Affairs from the Woodrow Wilson Department of Government and Foreign Affairs at the University of Virginia, Charlottesville in 1991. His thesis investigated the role of weapons transfer in forming the foreign policy of China and was entitled "Fire of the Dragon: Arms Transfers in Chinese Security Policy". He received his B.A from Albion College, Michigan with a double major in Political Science and French. He is fluent in Chinese, English, and French.
Professional life.
Prior to his appointment as the chief executive officer of the United States Studies Centre at the University of Sydney in 2012, Gill held the post of SIPRI Director, a position he held for five years. Before being named SIPRI Director in 2007, Gill held the Freeman Chair in China Studies at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) in Washington, D.C from 2002. He served as a Senior Fellow in Foreign Policy Studies and inaugural Director of the Center for Northeast Asian Policy Studies at the Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C., from 1998 to 2002.
Before his work at Brookings, Dr. Gill's previous assignments included directing the East Asia programmes at the Center for Nonproliferation Studies of the Monterey Institute of International Studies, in Monterey, California. He also held the Fei Yiming Chair in Comparative Politics at the Johns Hopkins University Center for Chinese and American Studies, at Nanjing University in China. For his work with Johns Hopkins University and his subsequent accomplishments, he was inducted to the Johns Hopkins University Society of Scholars in 2007. In 2013, he received the Royal Order of the Commander of the Polar Star, the highest chivalric order a foreigner can receive in Sweden. It was bestowed by His Highness the King of Sweden Carl XVI Gustaf for Gill's service to Sweden.
Selected works.
Books.
Dr. Gill has authored or edited eight books:
He was also the publisher of the SIPRI Yearbook during his tenure as SIPRI Director. http://www.sipriyearbook.org/

</doc>
<doc id="18888595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888595" title="QRSS">
QRSS

QRSS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18888596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888596" title="Chai Sirisute">
Chai Sirisute

Ajarn Surachai Sirisute (, born October 16, 1948), commonly known as Chai Sirisute, is a martial arts Instructor who is the founder and President of the Thai Boxing Association of the USA and responsible for introducing Muay Thai to the United States. Born in Bangkok Thailand, Sirisute was indoctrinated to Muay Thai at the age of 4, kicking his father's heavy bag for 15 minutes a day.
Biography.
He formally studied both Muay Thai as well as karate beginning at the age of six. He earned his black belt in Shorin-ryu at the age of 12, an age at which he also started to fight in the ring in Muay Thai. Sirisute fought over 72 fights in Muay Thai and retired as a fighter in 1968, leaving Thailand to teach in America. 
Upon arriving in the US, Sirisute managed to befriend and train a notorious motorcycle gang called the Hells Angels, having no idea who they were until the FBI explained it to him. Whereupon, Sirisute volunteered to train the FBI agents.
During the 1970s and early 1980s Sirisute taught at several Southern California colleges: Chaffey College, Claremont Men's College and Cal State San Bernardino and out of his home. His early students included Jim Vanover, Ron Ritoch (former student of Jim Vanover), Bryan Dobler, Mike Goldbach, Reggie Jackson, Glen Hernandez, Don Boyd, and the vice president Chai's Thai Boxing Association, Tony Gneck whom he brought to Thailand in 1982 as the first American team to compete in the Muay Thai World Championships.
In 1978, trained another Martial Arts teacher named Dan Inosanto. Inosanto trained as a student in Chai's backyard and eventually introduced Sirisute to his Jeet Kune Do teaching seminars, which greatly helped Sirisute extend awareness of Muay Thai in the U.S.A. as well as internationally. In 1983 Inosanto introduced Sirisute to Tom Landry of the Dallas Cowboys who soon incorporated Muay Thai into their pre-season conditioning with Sirisute as their instructor until the time of Landry's departure in 1990.
Sirisute currently runs a Muay Thai camp in Oregon each year with more than 200 students from around the world attending. He founded the Thai Boxing Association of the USA in 1968 and has expanded it to more than 16 countries around the world. He maintains a busy seminar schedule travelling around the world teaching Muay Thai today.
Notable students.
Chai Sirisute's notable students include:

</doc>
<doc id="18888604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888604" title="Saeid Mozaffarizadeh">
Saeid Mozaffarizadeh

Saeid Mozaffarizadeh (Persian: سعید مظفری زاده) is an Iranian football referee who reffed in Iran Pro League and has been on the international list from 2007 to 2014. 
The 2006/07 season was Mozaffarizadeh's first year refing in Iran's top division and it was one of the greatest years a rookie referee could have. Mozafarizadeh called 18 matches in which he gave away 71 cards and called 4 penalties. Out of all of his 18 matches the game of week 6 between Persepolis and Saipa was his worst game of the season but overall Saeid Mozaffarizadeh had so much talent that he was named Referee of the 2006/07 IPL season by the Football Iran News & Events which was given this referee award for the first time.
During the 2007/08 season Mozaffarizadeh refed 18 matches again but this time he gave a record setting 84 cards and he called only 2 penalties. Mozaffarizadeh did so well that they named him the referee for the Persepolis vs Sepahan match on the last week which proved who the champion of the league was. He was also the referee for the Hazfi Cup Final played between Pegah and Esteghlal. At the end of the season Mozaffarizadeh was once again named the referee of the season by Football Iran News & Events but he also won the same award by the Iran Football Federation Award which was being given for the first time.
During the 2008/09 season Mozaffarizadeh officiated twice in the 2009 AFC Cup and he also refereed 17 matches in the league in which he gave 83 cards and called 9 penalties. He was once again the referee for the Hazfi Cup Final played between Zob Ahan and Rah Ahan.
During the 2009/10 season he was selected as the referee for Iran's and Asia's biggest Derby played between Persepolis and Esteghlal thus making him the second Iranian referee to officiate this game in nearly 15 years. He also started reffing in the 2010 AFC Champions League. The first match he officiated was between Kawasaki Frontale and Beijing Guoan. On 15 January 2014, Mozaffarizadeh announced that he will be retired as a football referee after he reffing in Tehran derby match between Persepolis and Esteghlal, that was held on 17 January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18888607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18888607" title="Varieties of Christianity">
Varieties of Christianity

Articles discussing varieties of Christianity:

</doc>
