<doc id="18962267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962267" title="Axe">
Axe

The axe (or ax) is an implement that has been used for millennia to shape, split and cut wood; to harvest timber; as a weapon; and as a ceremonial or heraldic symbol. The axe has many forms and specialised uses but generally consists of an axe head with a handle, or "helve".
Before the modern axe, the stone-age hand axe was used from 1.5 million years BP without a handle. It was later fastened to a wooden handle. The earliest examples of handled axes have heads of stone with some form of wooden handle attached (hafted) in a method to suit the available materials and use. Axes made of copper, bronze, iron, steel appeared as these technologies developed.
The axe is an example of a simple machine, as it is a type of wedge, or dual inclined plane. This reduces the effort needed by the wood chopper. It splits the wood into two parts by the pressure concentration at the blade. The handle of the axe also acts as a lever allowing the user to increase the force at the cutting edge—not using the full length of the handle is known as choking the axe. For fine chopping using a side axe this sometimes is a positive effect, but for felling with a double bitted axe it reduces efficiency.
Generally, cutting axes have a shallow wedge angle, whereas splitting axes have a deeper angle. Most axes are double bevelled, i.e. symmetrical about the axis of the blade, but some specialist broadaxes have a single bevel blade, and usually an offset handle that allows them to be used for finishing work without putting the user's knuckles at risk of injury. Less common today, they were once an integral part of a joiner and carpenter's tool kit, not just a tool for use in forestry. A tool of similar origin is the billhook. However in France and Holland the billhook often replaced the axe as a joiner's bench tool.
Most modern axes have steel heads and wooden handles, typically hickory in the US and ash in Europe, although plastic or fibreglass handles are also common. Modern axes are specialised by use, size and form. Hafted axes with short handles designed for use with one hand are often called hand axes but the term hand axe refers to axes without handles as well. Hatchets tend to be small hafted axes often with a hammer on the back side (the poll). As easy-to-make weapons, axes have frequently been used in combat.
History.
Initially axes were probably not hafted. The first true hafted axes are known from the Mesolithic period (ca. 6000 BC). Axes made from ground stone are known since the Neolithic. Few wooden hafts have been found from this period, but it seems that the axe was normally hafted by wedging. Birch-tar and raw-hide lashings were used to fix the blade.
Sometimes a short section of deer antler (an "antler sleeve") was used, which prevented the splitting of the haft and softened the impact on the stone blade itself, helping absorb the impact of each axe blow and lessening the chances of breaking the handle. The antler was hollowed out at one end to create a socket for the axehead. The antler sheath was then either perforated and a handle inserted into it or set in a hole made in the handle instead.
The distribution of stone axes is an important indication of prehistoric trade. Thin sectioning is used to determine the provenance of the stone blades. In Europe, Neolithic 'axe factories', where thousands of ground stone axes were roughed out are known from many places, such as:
Stone axes are still produced and in use today in parts of Irian Jaya, New Guinea. The Mount Hagen area was an important production centre.
From the late Neolithic/Chalcolithic onwards, axes were made of copper or copper mixed with arsenic. These axes were flat and hafted much like their stone predecessors. Axes continued to be made in this manner with the introduction of Bronze metallurgy. Eventually the hafting method changed and the flat axe developed into the ‘flanged axe,’ then palstaves, and later winged and socketed axes.
The Proto-Indo-European word for "axe" may have been pelek'u- (Greek pelekus πέλεκυς, Sanskrit parashu, see also Parashurama), but the word was probably a loan, or a Neolithic wanderwort, ultimately related to Sumerian balag, Akkadian pilaku- .
Symbolism, ritual, and folklore.
At least since the late Neolithic, elaborate axes (battle-axes, T-axes, etc.) had a religious significance and probably indicated the exalted status of their owner. Certain types almost never show traces of wear; deposits of unshafted axe blades from the middle Neolithic (such as at the Somerset Levels in Britain) may have been gifts to the deities.
In Minoan Crete, the double axe (labrys) had a special significance, used by women priests in religious ceremonies. And the symbol refers to deification ceremonies; part of the leaping over the bull symbol also found at Crete; whereby aspirant becomes able to speak as a God to create any reality; the symbol being really a sky map.
In 1998 a labrys, complete with an elaborately embellished haft, was found at Cham-Eslen, Canton of Zug, Switzerland. The haft was 120 cm long and wrapped in ornamented birch-bark. The axe blade is 17.4 cm long and made of antigorite, mined in the Gotthard-area. The haft goes through a biconical drilled hole and is fastened by wedges of antler and by birch-tar. It belongs to the early Cortaillod culture.
In the Roman "fasces", the axe symbolised the authority to execute and were often used as symbols for Fascist Italy under Mussolini.
In folklore, stone axes were sometimes believed to be thunderbolts and were used to guard buildings against lightning, as it was believed (mythically) that lightning never struck the same place twice. This has caused some skewing of axe distributions.
Steel axes were important in superstition as well. A thrown axe could keep off a hailstorm, sometimes an axe was placed in the crops, with the cutting edge to the skies to protect the harvest against bad weather. An upright axe buried under the sill of a house would keep off witches, while an axe under the bed would assure male offspring.
Basques, Australians and New Zealanders have developed variants of rural sports that perpetuate the traditions of log cutting with axe. The Basque variants, splitting horizontally or vertically disposed logs, are generically called "aizkolaritza" (from "aizkora": axe).
In Yorùbá mythology, the oshe (double-headed axe) symbolises Shango, Orisha (god) of thunder and lightning. It is said to represent swift and balanced justice. Shango altars often contain a carved figure of a woman holding a gift to the god with a double-bladed axe sticking up from her head.
Parts of the axe.
The axe has two primary components: the axe "head", and the "haft".
The "axe head" is typically bounded by the "bit" (or blade) at one end, and the "poll" (or butt) at the other, though some designs feature two bits opposite each other. The top corner of the bit where the cutting edge begins is called the "toe", and the bottom corner is known as the "heel". Either side of the head is called the "cheek", which is sometimes supplemented by "lugs" where the head meets the haft, and the hole where the haft is mounted is called the "eye". The part of the bit that descends below the rest of the axe-head is called the beard, and a "bearded axe" is an antiquated axe head with an exaggerated beard that can sometimes extend the cutting edge twice the height of the rest of the head.
The "axe haft" is sometimes called the handle. Traditionally, it was made of a resilient hardwood like hickory or ash, but modern axes often have hafts made of durable synthetic materials. Antique axes and their modern reproductions, like the tomahawk, often had a simple, straight haft with a circular cross-section that wedged onto the axe-head without the aid of wedges or pins. Modern hafts are curved for better grip and to aid in the swinging motion, and are mounted securely to the head. The "shoulder" is where the head mounts onto the haft, and this is either a long oval or rectangular cross-section of the haft that's secured to the axe head with small metal or wooden wedges. The "belly" of the haft is the longest part, where it bows in gently, and the throat is where it curves sharply down to the short "grip", just before the end of the haft, which is known as the "knob".
Hammer axe.
Hammer axes (or axe-hammers) typically feature an extended poll, opposite the blade, shaped and sometimes hardened for use as a hammer. The name axe-hammer is often applied to a characteristic shape of perforated stone axe used in the Neolithic and Bronze Ages. Iron axe-hammers are found in Roman military contexts, e.g. Cramond, Edinburgh, and South Shields, Tyne and Wear.
Today they are used in many different fields of work, completing all jobs from splitting wood to removing engines from vans. Tungsten is often added for weight as an upgrade, as well as six foot handles for the heavier jobs that require added force and "massive blows" such as cutting automobile frames, slicing brake rotors, rough body work, home construction, home de-construction, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18962268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962268" title="Iberia Airlines Flight 062">
Iberia Airlines Flight 062

Iberia Airlines Flight 062 was a twin-engined Sud Aviation Caravelle registered "EC-BDD" operating a scheduled flight from Malaga Airport, Spain, to London Heathrow Airport. While on approach to Heathrow on 4 November 1967, the Caravelle descended far below the flight level assigned to it and flew into the southern slope of Blackdown Hill in West Sussex, killing all 37 on board.
Crash sequence.
The time of the accident was approximately 10:02 pm, about 5½ minutes after the plane had been cleared to descend from FL110 (11000 ft) to FL60 (6000 ft). Flying at a shallow rate of descent, the Caravelle first clipped trees near Black Down House, then broke through a large hedge and careered across a meadow where 65 grazing sheep were killed outright and 23 more were fatally injured. The disintegrating plane continued on, destroying a garage and damaging parts of the roof of Upper Black Down House.
Aviation fuel caused small fires to break out in the wooded hillside. Debris from the aircraft was scattered over the whole of the roughly of its passage.
Investigation.
An investigation could not determine why the aircraft descended through its assigned flight level. Audio recordings taken from air traffic control and from the recovered cockpit voice recorder revealed nothing unusual. The investigation stated that "no evidence was found of any pre-crash failure or defect in either the airframe or the engines, or of any faulty workmanship."
The investigation report gave considerable attention to the possibility that the air crew could have misread their "three-pointer" altimeters, which were designed to warn the pilots with a cross hatch indicator when the altitude was below 10,000 feet. An excerpt from the report stated:
"The aircraft descended continuously at a steady rate over a period of 13½ minutes and the pointers would have been in continuous motion throughout, increasing the likelihood of misreading. The cross hatching in this type of altimeter first appears in a window in the 10,000ft disc at an indicated altitude of 26,666ft and the edge of the cross hatching would have been visible within 2 minutes of the aircraft beginning its descent. At 10,000ft the cross hatching completely fills the window and it remains filled as long as the aircraft is below 10,000ft. Thus the cross hatching would have been visible to the crew for a period of about 9½ minutes before the aircraft passed through FL60 and it is a matter of conjecture whether it was still an effective warning to them at that stage of the descent.
"With this type of altimeter it is not difficult to read an indication of 6,000ft as 16,000ft if particular note is not made of the position of the 10,000ft pointer. Evidence against the possibility of simple misreading of this sort is the message from the aircraft to ATC reporting passing FL145, indicating at this time the crew knew that they were below 16,000ft. "
Victims.
Among the dead was British film and TV actress June Thorburn, who was five months pregnant. Other notables who died were industrialist and Coventry City Football Club vice-president John Clarkson, and Donald "Doc" Campbell of the Campbell Aircraft Company, builder of autogyros.
A mass grave and memorial for 19 of the deceased is located north of the crash site at in Brookwood Cemetery, Brookwood, Surrey. 
The nationality of the 37 casualties are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="18962270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962270" title="Rashad Mehanna">
Rashad Mehanna

Rashad Mehanna () (2 October 1909 - 3 January 1996) was an Egyptian colonel who played a significant role in the Egyptian Revolution of 1952.
Early life.
Mehanna was born to an Azharite father in the "markaze" of Koom Hamada in the Beheira Governorate. As a child, he studied at a Quranic school, then went to primary school in Tanta and obtained his high school diploma in 1928. He initially went to medical school, but dropped out and joined the Egyptian Military Academy. He graduated in 1932 and joined the artillery branch of the Egyptian Army.
Mehanna travelled to the United Kingdom in 1937 on a military scholarship, then returned a year later in order to work as a teacher at the Artillery School. He was the first Egyptian officer to specialize in air defense.
Between 1946 and 1947, Mehanna helped Mohammad Amin al-Husayni who had proclaimed jihad in Palestine. Along with other officers, he provided him with arms in order to support the Palestinian resistance. Mehanna was arrested in 1947 with a group of other officers on charges of conspiracy against King Farouk I. However, he was released after a short while.
Role in the 1952 Revolution.
Mehanna was contacted by Gamal Abdel Nasser in 1949 and attended preparatory meetings for the Revolution. During the 1951 elections at the Officers' Club, Mehanna was the one who advocated Muhammad Naguib's election.
After the Revolution took place in July 1952, Mehanna was appointed Minister of Transport in the first post-revolutionary government, which was headed by Ali Maher. He was one of the few members of the Free Officers Committee whose name was actually known, the nine-person committee being shrouded in secrecy and most of its members keeping their names almost a military secret. Mehanna acted as an intermediary between the Free Officers Committee and the Cabinet, since he was a member of both.
Regency and arrest.
Mehanna was chosen by Nasser to serve as a representative of the Army on the three-member Regency Body established during the nominal reign of infant king-in-exile Fuad II. However, the Regency Body had no real powers, these having been assumed by the Revolutionary Command Council (RCC). Historians of this period agree that one of the main reasons for the hostility that arose between Mehanna and the RCC was that the former actually took his title seriously while Nasser and his colleagues had no intention whatsoever of allowing him to exercise the powers that came with it. The standoff ended with the dismissal of Mehanna as a member of the Regency Body. The Body was dissolved altogether, and Prince Muhammad Abdel Moneim was appointed as sole Prince regent.
By early 1953, reports began circulating which indicated that Mehanna was the ringleader in an attempted coup. As a result of this, Mehanna was accused of counterrevolutionary conspiracy and was sentenced to life imprisonment on 30 March 1953. However, he was released in 1956 and then put under house arrest. He was re-arrested in 1965, only to be released once again in 1967. He retired completely from politics after that, and died on 3 January 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18962301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962301" title="Singapore Po Leung Kuk">
Singapore Po Leung Kuk

The Singapore Po Leung Kuk was established in 1888 and began as a single room with six beds and was meant for permanent juvenile residents. This was expanded to 120 beds in 1896, with new accommodation in 1928 providing for 300 residents. Beginning in 1931, accommodation was provided for in the Mental Hospital for 'moral imbeciles and feeble-minded girls' unsuitable for accommodation in a Po Leung Kuk Home.
During the British Military Administration, the Po Leung Kuk Welfare Home in Singapore was turned into a training school to reform girls who had fallen or been coerced into prostitution during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="18962353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962353" title="Gravendal">
Gravendal

Gravendal a minor locality in Ludvika Municipality, Dalarna County, Sweden with a population of about 40.
History.
Gravendal was founded by Sebastian Grave (1684-1748) in 1720 to meet the rising demand for Lumber. Reaching a peak avtivity between the years 1881 thru 1909. 
Located at the site was a saw, mill, trip hammer, sheetmetal smithy and nail smithy. Gravendal became among other things, known for the horseshoes forged there.
Trivia.
Gravendal has given its name to one of Sweden's best-selling cider produced by spendrups brewery.

</doc>
<doc id="18962396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962396" title="MPLS-TP">
MPLS-TP

MPLS-TP or MPLS Transport Profile is a profile of MPLS whose definition has been commenced by the IETF. It will be designed for use as a network layer technology in transport networks. Its design will be a continuation of the work started by the transport network experts of the ITU-T, specifically SG15, as T-MPLS. Since 2008 the work is progressed in a cooperation between ITU-T and IETF. The required protocol extensions to MPLS being designed by the IETF based on requirements provided by service providers. It will be a connection-oriented packet-switched (CO-PS) application. It will offer a dedicated MPLS implementation by removing features that are not relevant to CO-PS applications and adding mechanisms that provide support of critical transport functionality.
MPLS-TP is to be based on the same architectural principles of layered networking that are used in longstanding transport network technologies like SDH, SONET and OTN. Service providers have already developed management processes and work procedures based on these principles.
MPLS-TP will provide service providers with a reliable packet-based technology that is based upon circuit-based transport networking, and thus is expected to align with current organizational processes and large-scale work procedures similar to other packet transport technologies.
MPLS-TP is expected to be a low cost L2 technology (if the limited profile to be specified is implemented in isolation) that will provide QoS, end-to-end OA&M and protection switching.
In February 2008 the ITU-T and IETF agreed to work jointly
on the design of MPLS-TP. Based on this agreement IETF and ITU-T experts will jointly work out the requirements and solutions. ITU-T in turn will update the existing T-MPLS standards based on the MPLS-TP related RFCs listed below.
RFC or drafts.
The following IETF RFCs or drafts exist for MPLS-TP:
Solutions.
The solutions for the above requirements and framework are as mentioned below and is under development:

</doc>
<doc id="18962436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962436" title="Ohno's law">
Ohno's law

Ohno's law was proposed by a Japanese biologist Susumu Ohno, saying that the gene content of the mammalian species has been conserved over species not only in the DNA content but also in the genes themselves. That is, nearly all mammalian species have conserved the X chromosome from their primodial X chromosome of a common ancestor.
Evidence.
As a cytological evidence, in first, mammalian X chromosomes in various species, including human and mouse, have nearly the same size, with the content of about 5% of the genome. Second, for individual gene loci, a number of X-linked genes are common through mammalian species. Examples are found in glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD), a gene for polypeptide of antihemophilic globulin (AHG or Factor VIII) in hemophilia A and B, and plasma thromboplastin component gene (PTC or Factor IX). Moreover, no instances were found where an X-linked gene in one species was located on an autosome in the other species.
Conservation mechanisms.
The content of a chromosome would be changed mainly by mutation after duplication of the chromosome and translocation with other chromosomes. However, in mammals, since the chromosomal sex-determination mechanism would have been established in their earlier stages of evolution, polyploidy would have not occurred due to its incompatibility with the sex-determining mechanism. Moreover, X-autosome translocation would have been prohibited because it might have resulted in detrimental effects for survival to the organism. Thus in mammals, the content of X chromosomes has been conserved after typical 2 round duplication events at early ancestral stages of evolution, at the fish or amphibia (2R hypothesis).
Contradicting and supportive evidence.
Genes on the long arm of the human X are contained in the monotreme X and genes on the short arm of the human X are distributed on the autosomes of marsupials. Ohno commented to the result that monotremes and marsupials were not considered to be ancestors of true mammals, but they have diverged very early from the main line of mammals. Chloride channel gene ("CLCN4") was mapped to the human X but on chromosome 7 of C57BL/6 mice, species of "Mus musculus", though the gene is located on X of "Mus spretus" and rat.

</doc>
<doc id="18962443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962443" title="Mabel Mary Spanton">
Mabel Mary Spanton

Mabel Mary Spanton, Member, RWS (1 December 1874 — ca. 1940) was an English landscape painter who primarily worked in watercolour.
Life and work.
Mabel Mary Spanton was born in Hanley, Staffordshire on 1 December 1874, the daughter of Dr. William Dunnet Spanton, F.R.C.S. She studied art at Hanley School of Art under J. S. Cartlidge, and also in Newlyn, Cornwall under Stanhope Forbes, R.A. 
Spanton was elected as a member of the prestigious Royal Watercolour Society in 1927. She travelled and painted extensively across the Continent including the Balearic Islands in 1925, Italy, Spain, Holland and Belgium in 1928, and in England and Scotland in 1938. During the early 1920s Spanton lived in both Hastings and Bexhill, Sussex before spending the majority of her later years abroad.
Exhibitions.
She exhibited extensively including in London at the Royal Academy; London Salon; Royal Society of British Artists; Society of Women Artists; Royal Institute of Painters in Watercolours; Women's International Art Club; Dudley Gallery and New Dudley Gallery; Goupil Gallery; Walker Gallery. Elsewhere her work was exhibited at the Royal Scottish Academy; Royal Hibernian Academy; Royal Cambrian Academy; Royal Scottish Society of Painters in Watercolours; Glasgow Institute of the Fine Arts; Abbey Gallery, Stoke-on-Trent; Royal Society of Artists Birmingham; Walker Art Gallery Liverpool; and at Bristol, Derby, Oldham, Hull, Newlyn, Southport, and Aberdeen.

</doc>
<doc id="18962445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962445" title="Kevin Fitzpatrick">
Kevin Fitzpatrick

Kevin Fitzpatrick may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18962454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962454" title="Carlos Castro">
Carlos Castro

Carlos Castro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18962465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962465" title="Kuala Lumpur Po Leung Kuk">
Kuala Lumpur Po Leung Kuk

In 1878, a group of local Chinese in Hong Kong presented a petition to the Governor of Hong Kong, John Pope Hennessy to set up the Po Leung Kuk to rescue the kidnapped victims. The main objective of Po Leung Kuk is to care for the young and protect the innocent.
The Kuala Lumpur Po Leung Kuk Committee was established in 1895 under the administration of Mrs. Daly. 

</doc>
<doc id="18962474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962474" title="Servet Tazegül">
Servet Tazegül

Servet Tazegül ( (born September 26, 1988) is a world, Olympic and European champion Turkish taekwondo practitioner of Azerbaijani origin competing in the featherweight division.
He competed in the men's 68 kg class at the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, China and won the bronze medal. Throughout a majority of his fights he seems to be fighting in the Southpaw position, which is very powerful and is also used around the world by various martial artists. This position applies to a taekwondo competitor, who is stronger with his right leg, but places the right leg in front gaining more accuracy while also confusing the opponent.
Tazegül qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics and went on to beat Iran's Mohammad Bagheri Motamed in the final, with a score of 6-5, winning the gold medal.
At the 2013 Mediterranean Games held in Mersin, Turkey, he won the bronze medal in the 68 kg event.
Recognition.
A 2013-built, multi-purpose indoor arena in Mersin with 7,500 seating capacity is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18962481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962481" title="Neyma">
Neyma

Neyma Julio Alfredo (born 6 May 1979) is a Mozambican singer, born in Maputo.
Biography.
Neyma's passion for music began at a young age where she sang at various events in and around Maputo.
Career.
Neyma fully began her career when she appeared on the "Fantasia" TV singing competition, in which she took in the second place. However, her breakthrough came when she was given a recording contract and in 1999 released her first album, "Brigas". It featured the popular singles "Brigas", "Mae virtude mais bela" and the well received single, "Praia feliz", which won her much publicity. The success of the album "Brigas" led her to release "Baila" in 2000 and "Renascer" in 2001. But it was "Arromba", released in 2005, that brought Neyma back into the spotlight as an acclaimed singer who was internationally recognized as a major singing sensation from Mozambique and the Lusophone world. In early 2010, she released her sixth album, entitled "Neyma 10 Anos" in acknowledgement of her 10 years in the Mozambican music industry.
Arromba.
In the summer of 2005, Neyma released "Arromba", her most popular album to date which sold more than 40,000 copies in Mozambique alone and had an outstanding sale internationally. The album was well received in Angola, Cape Verde, and Portugal. The album features the self-titled single, Arromba which is kizomba genre. Another single off the album which was well received was Lirrandzo, which turned out to be the most popular song the year, and Arromba turned out to be the summer anthem of 2005.
Idiomas.
In early 2006, Neyma returned to the studio and recorded a new album. In late 2006, she released Idiomas and released Mbilo Yanga as the first single off the album. With this album, Neyma mixed Marrabenta, Coupé-Décalé, Kizomba and traditional Mozambican rhythms to create a unique sound. Mbilo Yanga, a Kizomba genre of music, put her again on international scene where she received numerous nominations for the song. Other acknowledged singles off the album include Nunawanga Yuwi, Xilhamaliso, Marrido do Dono and Te Amo, a Kizomba-Balade style.

</doc>
<doc id="18962523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962523" title="2008–09 Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 2">
2008–09 Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 2

The 2008–09 season of the Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 2 began on 16 August 2008 and will end on 27 May 2009. Espoir Sportif de Hammam-Sousse are the reigning champions. The competition saw the return of tow previous participants, US Ben Guerdane and STIR S Zarzouna from Ligue Professionnelle 3.
Standings.
</noinclude>
(Cu)= Cup Winners
<noinclude>
Results.
PPD2-->
2The game of Round 17 has been postponed to October 2, 2008 due to inclement weather.-->
Television rights.
The Communication bureau of the FTF attributed the broadcasting rights of the "Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 2" to Hannibal TV.

</doc>
<doc id="18962524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962524" title="Positive commandment">
Positive commandment

This concept exists within Judaism.
While the Torah generally applies equally to all Jews, some of the religious commandments known in Hebrew as "mitzvot" are applied to a limited set of Jews. Among the 613 enumerated biblical commandments, there are both positive as well as negative commandments. All Jews are duty bound to adhere to the restrictions as legislated by the negative commandments, of which there are traditionally considered to be 365. Among the 248 positive commandments, however, there is a group of commandments known as positive time-bound commandments for which men are obligated but from which women are generally exempt, although there are certain exceptions. The idea of time-bound positive commandments (Hebrew מצות עשה שהזמן גרמא, "mitzvot asei she'hazman grama") are those positive commandments that may be fulfilled only within certain periods of time. Both men and women are completely obligated for the positive non-time bound commandments (Mishnah "Kiddushin" 1:7).
There are seven commandments from which female Jews are exempt:

</doc>
<doc id="18962564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962564" title="Ohrid Travel Magazine">
Ohrid Travel Magazine

Ohrid Travel Magazine is a magazine dedicated to Ohrid as a travel destination in Macedonia. The magazine is published four times a year with the first edition published in June 2007.
Ohrid Travel Magazine is printed in Serbian language and is distributed in Serbia, Montenegro, Macedonia and Bosnia and Herzegovina. After Belgrade Fair of Tourism, in March 2008. it has been voted the best advertising material for Republic of Macedonia.
The magazine is published by Belgrade Business Network (), a company from Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="18962578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962578" title="Springdale Township">
Springdale Township

Springdale Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18962581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962581" title="Sung Yu-chi">
Sung Yu-chi

Sung Yu-chi (; born January 16, 1982 in Shulin, Taipei County (now New Taipei City), Taiwan) is a Taekwondo athlete from Republic of China. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, China and won the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18962592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962592" title="Dragutin Mate">
Dragutin Mate

Dragutin Mate (born 2 May 1963) is a Slovenian diplomat and politician. He is a member of the Slovenian Democratic Party. Between 2004 and 2008 he served as Minister of Interior in the centre-right government led by Janez Janša. Since December 2011, he is a deputy in the National Assembly.
Mate was born in Čakovec, Croatia, (then part of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia) to Croatian parents. He spent his childhood in the city of Maribor in eastern Slovenia, where his parents moved for professional reasons. He graduated at the Faculty of Social Sciences of the University of Ljubljana. In 1989 he started working as a high school teacher at the prestigious Poljane Grammar School in Ljubljana. 
In 1990, after the victory of the Democratic Opposition of Slovenia in the first free elections in Slovenia, he got employed at the Slovenian Ministry of Defence. He became head of the department of Civil Protection at the ministry, later moving to the counter-intelligence section. He participated in the Slovenian Independence War of June 1991. In 1992, he became the main adviser for international cooperation in the Defence Minister's Office. After 1994, he switched to the diplomatic service. Between 1996 and 2000, he served as the Slovenian military attaché in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Between 2000 and 2004 he resumed work at the Ministry of Defence. In 2004 he was appointed as Minister of Interior in the cabinet of Janez Janša. After the victory of the left-wing coalition led by Borut Pahor in the 2008 parliamentary elections, he was replaced by Katarina Kresal.

</doc>
<doc id="18962596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962596" title="Karl Palmgreen">
Karl Palmgreen

Karl Palmgreen (2 September 1891 – 16 September 1970) was a Fregattenkapitän of the Reserves with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Karl Palmgreen joined the Kaiserliche Marine in 1909. From 1939 to 1941 he was commander of the "Sperrbrecher" (Mine Sweeper; Pathfinder) IX and I and thereafter until 1943 chief of the 4th Sperrbrecherflottille, followed by service positions as head of the 36th Minensuchflottille, German Chief of Staff to the Italian admiral in the Italian Navy Command, 1st class admiral staff officer at the 2nd Sicherungsdivision and head of the 38th "Minensuchflottille". At the end of World War II, he was chief of the branch Gotenhafen or Libau. He was awarded the Knights Cross on 3 August 1941 for his achievements as chief of Sperrbrecherflottille, he was promoted to "Fregattenkapitän" of the Reserves on 1 August 1944 and received the Oak Leaves to his Knight's Cross on 11 July 1944.
His son Oberleutnant zur See of the Reserves Gerhard Palmgren was killed in action on 15 August 1944 as commander of in the English Channel by the British corvette after "U-741" had sunk the 246 ton infantry landing craft LCI 404.

</doc>
<doc id="18962604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962604" title="Ascension Island">
Ascension Island

Ascension Island is an isolated volcanic island in the equatorial waters of the South Atlantic Ocean, around from the coast of Africa and from the coast of South America, which is roughly midway between the horn of South America and Africa. It is governed as part of the British Overseas Territory of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha, of which the main island, Saint Helena, is around to the southeast. The territory also includes the "remotest populated archipelago" on earth, the sparsely populated Tristan da Cunha archipelago, some to the south (about thirty degrees of latitude) and about halfway to the Antarctic Circle.
The island is named after the day of its recorded discovery, Ascension Day, and is located at , about as far south of the equator as tropical Venezuela is to its north. Historically, it has played a role as an important safe haven and coaling station to mariners and for commercial airliners during the days of international air travel by flying boats and during World War II was an important naval and air station, especially providing antisubmarine warfare bases in the Battle of the Atlantic and throughout the war.
Ascension Island was garrisoned by the British Admiralty from 22 October 1815 to 1922.
The island is the location of RAF Ascension Island, which is a Royal Air Force station with a United States Air Force presence, a European Space Agency rocket tracking station, an Anglo-American signals intelligence facility and the BBC World Service Atlantic Relay Station. The island was used extensively by the British military during the Falklands War. Ascension Island hosts one of five ground antennae (others are on Kwajalein Island, Diego Garcia, Colorado Springs and Hawaii) that assist in the operation of the Global Positioning System (GPS) navigational system.
History.
The Spanish explorer João da Nova, sailing for the Portuguese Crown, allegedly discovered the island in 1501, but his discovery was apparently not registered. Thus, in 1503 when the Portuguese navigator Afonso de Albuquerque sighted the island on Ascension Day, in the church calendar, he named it after the feast day. Dry and barren, it had little appeal for passing ships except for collecting fresh meat. Mariners could hunt for the numerous seabirds and the enormous female green turtles that laid their eggs on the sandy beaches. The Portuguese also introduced goats as a potential source of meat for future mariners.
In February 1701, HMS "Roebuck", commanded by William Dampier, sank in the common anchoring spot in Clarence Bay to the northwest of the island. Some sixty men survived for two months until they were rescued. Almost certainly, after a few days they found the strong water spring in the high interior of the island, in what is now called Breakneck Valley (there is a much smaller water source, lower on the mountain, which was named Dampier's Drip by people who probably misinterpreted Dampier's story).
It is possible that the island was sometimes used as an open prison for criminal mariners, although there is only one documented case of such an exile, a Dutch ship's officer, Leendert Hasenbosch, set ashore at Clarence Bay as a punishment for sodomy in May 1725. British mariners found the Dutchman's tent, belongings and diary in January 1726; the man had probably died of thirst or suicide.
Organised settlement of Ascension Island began in 1815, when the British garrisoned it as a precaution after imprisoning Napoleon I on Saint Helena to the southeast. On 22 October the "Cruizer" class brig-sloops "Zenobia" and "Peruvian" claimed the island for His Britannic Majesty King George III. The Royal Navy officially designated the island as a stone frigate, "HMS "Ascension"", with the classification of "Sloop of War of the smaller class".
The location of the island made it a useful stopping-point for ships and communications. The Royal Navy used the island as a victualling station for ships, particularly those of the West Africa Squadron working against the slave trade. A garrison of Royal Marines was based at Ascension from 1823.
In 1836 the "Beagle" voyage visited Ascension. Charles Darwin described it as an arid treeless island, with nothing growing near the coast. Sparse vegetation inland supported "about six hundred sheep, many goats, a few cows & horses", and large numbers of guineafowl imported from the Cape Verde islands, as well as rats, mice and land crabs; he agreed with the saying attributed to the people of St Helena that "We know we live on a rock, but the poor people at Ascension live on a cinder". He noted the care taken to sustain "houses, gardens & fields placed near the summit of the central mountain", and cisterns at the road side to provide good drinking water. The springs were carefully managed, "so that a single drop of water may not be lost: indeed the whole island may be compared to a huge ship kept in first-rate order." In commenting on this, he noted René Primevère Lesson's remark "that the English nation alone would have thought of making the island of Ascension a productive spot; any other people would have held it as a mere fortress in the ocean."
In 1843, botanist and explorer Joseph Hooker visited the island. Four years later, Hooker, with much encouragement from Darwin, advised the Royal Navy that with the help of Kew Gardens, they should institute a long-term plan of shipping trees to Ascension. The planted trees would capture more rain and improve the soil, allowing the barren island to become a garden. So, from 1850 and continuing year on year, ships came each depositing a varied assortment of plants from botanical gardens in Argentina, Europe and South Africa. By the late 1870s Norfolk pines, eucalyptus, bamboo, and banana trees grew in lush profusion at the highest point of the island, Green Mountain, creating a tropical cloud forest.
In 1899, the Eastern Telegraph Company (now part of Cable & Wireless Worldwide) installed the first underwater cable from the island, connecting the UK with its colonies in South Africa. In 1922, letters patent made Ascension a dependency of Saint Helena. The island was managed by the head of the Eastern Telegraph Company on the island until 1964 when the British Government appointed an Administrator to represent the Governor of Saint Helena on Ascension.
During World War II, to supply and augment extensive amphibious aircraft antisubmarine patrol operations ongoing from the early days of the war, the United States built an airbase on Ascension Island, known as "Wideawake", after a nearby colony of Sooty Terns (locally called 'Wideawake' birds because of their loud, distinctive call, which would wake people early in the morning). The airbase, which was under construction by the 38th Combat Engineer Battalion of the Army Corps of Engineers, was unexpectedly visited by two British Fairey Swordfish torpedo planes on 15 June 1942. According to one of the pilots, Peter Jinks, the planes were fired upon before being recognised as allies. The Swordfish had to land on the unfinished airstrip, thus becoming the first land-based aircraft to land on Ascension Island proper — which had long served as an ASW base for Catalina (PBY Catalina) flying boats. The event was later commemorated with a postage stamp 15 June 1982.
The airfield was used by the US military as a stopping point for American aircraft crossing the Atlantic Ocean on the way to theatres of operation in Europe and Africa. American bombers based at Wideawake were engaged in the Laconia incident. After the end of World War II, and American departure, the airbase fell into disuse.
The only local military action during World War II occurred on 9 December 1941. At around mid-day, the U-boat "U-124" approached Georgetown on the surface with the intention of sinking any ships at anchor or shelling the cable station. A two-gun shore battery at Cross Hill, above Georgetown, fired on the submarine. The guns scored no hits but the U-boat submerged and retreated. The battery remains largely intact to this day, together with its guns, BL 5.5 inch Mark I naval guns removed from during a refit in Malta in 1938.
With the Space Race and the Cold War, the Americans returned in 1956. Wideawake Airfield expanded in the mid-1960s. The runway, with its strange hump, was extended, widened, and improved to allow its use by large aircraft, and later to act as an emergency runway for the Space Shuttle, although the Shuttle never had occasion to use it. The United States Air Force uses the island as part of its Eastern Range. NASA established a tracking station on the island in 1967, which it operated for more than 20 years before closing it down in 1990. A joint Government Communications Headquarters and National Security Agency signals intercept station was also established on Ascension during the Cold War. The island retains a role in space exploration: the European Space Agency now operates an Ariane monitoring facility there. The BBC Atlantic Relay Station was installed in 1966 for short-wave broadcasts to Africa and South America.
In 1982 a British task force used Ascension Island as a staging post during the Falklands War, though according to Matthew Parris,
"...at the start of the Falklands conflict Washington at first refused Britain permission to use the USA-operated airfield facilities for refuelling RAF jets. Only after Mrs Thatcher intervened with Ronald Reagan did the Americans reluctantly concede." The Royal Air Force deployed a fleet of Vulcan bombers and Victor tankers at the airfield. Vulcans launched the opening shots of the British offensive from Ascension in Operation Black Buck. The RAF also used the base to supply the task force. Because of the increase in air traffic during the war, Wideawake was the busiest airfield in the world for a short period. The Royal Navy's fleet stopped at Ascension for refuelling on the way. Following the war, the British retained an increased presence on the island, establishing RAF Ascension Island, and providing a refuelling stop for the regular airlink between RAF Brize Norton in Oxfordshire, and RAF Mount Pleasant in the Falkland Islands.
As of 2004, it was reported that the Composite Signals Organisation, an arm of GCHQ, continued to operate a signals interception facility on Ascension. NASA continued to list Ascension Island as a "downrange site" used for range safety instrumentation. In particular, the Post-Detect Telemetry System used to acquire launch vehicle telemetry includes a station on Ascension.
In 2008 British diplomats requested sovereignty, at the United Nations Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf (UN CLCS), over of submarine territory around the island. This would enable exploration into new reserves of oil, gas and minerals, though none are thought to exist.
Politics.
Ascension forms part of a British overseas territory together with Saint Helena and Tristan da Cunha. Executive authority is vested in Elizabeth II, who is represented by the Governor of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha. As the Governor resides in Jamestown, Saint Helena, an Administrator is appointed to represent the Governor on Ascension Island.
As a result of changes in the constitutional arrangements for Ascension Island, the first Island Council of seven members was elected and took office on 1 November 2002. This Council was dissolved by order of the Governor of Saint Helena on 24 October 2005, and a new election was held on 16 November 2005, a total of 697 electors choosing between ten candidates contesting the seven seats.
Six of the seven members resigned in January 2007 in the belief that they were "assisting to legitimise a democracy that doesn't really exist on Ascension Island". Consequently, a general election was called, but by the close of nominations, there were only two candidates. As a result of the boycott, the election was abandoned, and the governor suspended the Island Council for 12 months. It was stated that an election would take place in April 2008 but following consultations this was extended to October. With eight nominations the elections were duly held and seven candidates were elected to form a new Island Council, which was sworn in on 28 October.
Ascension Island has its own local system of law, much of which is based on the laws of Saint Helena and some parts of English law with modifications. The Island Council advises on new or revised laws. Where local legislation does not exist, Saint Helenian law may be used where appropriate and suitable for local adaptation, or specific Ascension Island law is enacted. Employment legislation is a mixture of contract law and the Workmen's Protection Ordinance, which guarantees a contract, as well as obliging employers to provide free accommodation, medical cover, food (or a food allowance), travel etc.
The Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Constitution Order 2009 was made by HM the Queen and the Privy Council on 8 July and came into operation in September 2009. The new Constitution replaces the 1988 version and among other changes limits the Governor's powers, includes a Bill of Rights, establishes independence of the judiciary and the public service and formally designates the Governor of St Helena as, concurrently, the Governor for Ascension and Tristan da Cunha. It also ends the "dependency" status of Ascension and Tristan da Cunha on Saint Helena that had been in place, for administrative convenience, since 1922.
Environment.
The main island has an area of approximately 91 km2. A volcanic peak rising from just west of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge, much of the island is a wasteland of lava flows and cinder cones; no fewer than forty-four distinct dormant craters have been identified.
Flora and fauna.
Plants.
The island originally had its own native flora until Portuguese explorers released goats in the 1500s which ate much of it. The later introduction of rabbits, sheep, rats and donkeys, and over 200 imported species further marginalized the original flora.
By 1843 the island was barren with few plants. However, due to the introduction of species by the British, Ascension Island's Green Mountain is now one of the few large-scale planned forests, and is gradually growing with each year. Its highest point is at 2,817 feet (859 m).
The endemic flora includes plants like "Pteris adscensionis", "Asplenium ascensionis", "Euphorbia origanoides" as well as the extinct species "Oldenlandia adscenionis", "Sporobolus durus" and "Dryopteris ascensionis" and the recently rediscovered "Anogramma ascensionis" (Ascension Island parsley fern). "Prosopis juliflora", or the Mexican Thorn, is an introduced species which has thrived on the barren lava of the island in recent years; however, its spread has been destructive to other species, and current encroachment on the edges of beaches threatens those that utilize this space, such as the green turtle.
In June 2005 the first National Park on Ascension Island, the Green Mountain National Park, was opened. Non-indigenous plants teem there, and the crown of Green Mountain is a lush halo of bamboo. Flanking one side is a large stand of tall Norfolk pine, trees planted by British mariners, which were to have been used as replacement masts for sailing ships.
Animals.
A variety of mammals have been introduced: donkey, sheep, cats and rats among others. Reptiles consist of two species of lizards. Endemic insect species include the minute, wingless Psocopteran "Troglotroctes ashmolearum", that has been found in caves and between lava blocks. In summer, flies are known to be problematic.
The largest native land animal is the land crab "Johngarthia lagostoma" (formerly "Gecarcinus lagostoma"). Offshore, there is a variety of open-ocean fish, including sharks, wahoo, tuna, bonito, barracuda, marlin, blackfish and sailfish. The protected green turtle is perhaps the most notable of the endemic fauna, coming ashore to lay their eggs on the beaches from November to May.
On land are found such non-native birds such as canaries, francolins, mynas, sparrows, and waxbills. Sooty Terns or "Wideawake Birds" nest in great seashore lava "fairs". Other seabirds include some types of boobies, petrels and tropicbirds (named boatswain (pronounced BO-sun) birds by the inhabitants of the island), White Tern, Brown Noddy, Black Noddy and Ascension Frigatebird. The Ascension Crake became extinct around the beginning of the 19th century.
Off the east coast of Ascension is the islet of Boatswain Bird Island. It is a haven for sea birds providing refuge from the rats, cats and people that came to Ascension Island from Europe and Africa. Following a successful campaign headed by the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds, the main island was in 2006 declared free of feral cats, and sea birds are now once again nesting on Ascension Island.
Important Bird Area.
Ascension Island, including 14 inshore stacks and marine habitat extending out for three nautical miles from the coastline, has been identified as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International as a breeding site for seabirds. Birds for which the IBA is significant include Red-billed Tropicbirds, Ascension Frigatebirds, Sooty Terns and Black Noddies.
Climate.
Ascension's climate is tropical, with temperatures at the coast ranging from about 20–31 °C (68 to 88 degrees Fahrenheit ), and about 5 to 6 degrees Celsius (10 degrees Fahrenheit) cooler at the highest point. Rain showers may occur at any time during the year, but tend to be heavier between June and September.
Demographics.
There is no indigenous or permanent population on the island, although around 880 people live there : 696 from Saint Helena nicknamed the "Saints" (who are British citizens), 106 British citizens from Great Britain, 70 US citizens and 12 of other nationalities. RAF Ascension Island is made up of 17 staff.
There are five settlements:
Additionally, there are some cottages on Green Mountain, occasionally occupied by visitors, and the Residency, the official residence of the Administrator.
In order to enter Ascension Island, individuals need a written permission of the Administrator. There is no permanent residence. A contract of employment is a requirement to stay on the island, though short term visits by tourists are possible with prior approval. The British government has asserted that there is no "right of abode" on Ascension Island. As the local newspaper "The Islander" reported at the time, it is an issue that was disputed by some former Council members and some of the long-time expatriate employees.
Society and culture.
There are scouting and guiding groups on Saint Helena and Ascension Island. Scouting was established on Ascension Island in November 1973, having been established on St Helena island in 1912.
Two Boats School is the only school on the island and provides education to all resident children aged 3–16.
Economy.
The main economic activity on the island is centred on the military bases at Wideawake Airfield, and the BBC World Service's Atlantic Relay station. The Ministry of Defence estate and facilities are currently managed by the infrastructure support provider Interserve Defence. Serco currently manages the airport services with Sodexo providing catering and domestic facilities. A former feature of Ascension was a 70,000 tonne tanker permanently moored offshore that was operated by Maersk as a bulk fuel facility. In December 2002, this was replaced by an on-shore Petroleum Supply Depot under military management, with fuel still being delivered by a chartered tanker; the Maersk Rapier, which operates on an MOD resupply contract for both Ascension and the Falkland Islands every 2 months. Fuel for the island is transferred via a floating hose, which is connected to the on-shore depot at the islands pier head and to the ship, once it is anchored off Georgetown.
The main export items are Ascension Island postage stamps, first issued in 1922, and, since 2010, commemorative coins (which are legal tender but non-circulating) and commercial fishing licences for long-line tuna fishing vessels operating to ICCAT quotas.
A secondary export is the international internet domain code .ac, which small UK educational colleges and science museums are favouring due to its similarity to .ac.uk, the domain code reserved for well established UK educational institutions. In December 2013, Pirate Bay (one of the most well known file piracy websites in the world) moved to .ac following the seizure of their .sx website.
Tourism and related industries.
Until 2002, tourism was virtually non-existent because of the inaccessibility of the island to transport, the absence of guest accommodation and the need for a sponsor. Limited air travel has, however, been made available in recent years to the public by the RAF, and the Georgetown Obsidian Hotel together with a number of guest cottages that have been opened. All visitors are required to obtain an entry permit before travelling. Sport fishing is the main attraction for many of the visitors. The island also boasts what is sometimes called the worst golf course in the world. That course, on the outskirts of Georgetown, has since been replaced with a similar one located between the settlements of Two Boats village and Georgetown; the course has 18 holes and the greens are in fact 'browns', a reference to the sand and oil mix used to make them. The rest of the course is made up of volcanic ash and rocks.
Communications.
The island hosts many communications and relay stations, exploiting the island's strategic position in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. Both the BBC and Cable & Wireless Worldwide have communications posts there. The European Space Agency (ESA) also has a tracking station on the island that tracks the Ariane 5 and the Soyuz rockets shortly after they take off from Kourou in French Guiana.
Ascension has one local radio station and one relayed from St. Helena. It also receives broadcasts from the British Forces Broadcasting Service and television services for the US military.
Ascension Island has the international calling code +247 and has 4 digit numbers on the island.
The island provided a base for a NASA communications dish during the space race in the mid-1900s. The island was chosen due to its central location in the Atlantic. Sites were chosen due to their proximity to orbital paths - generally along the equator.
Banking and currency.
The Bank of St. Helena has a branch on the island. This bank holds an account with Lloyds TSB in the United Kingdom for the purposes of conducting money transfers with the rest of the world. The currency on Ascension Island is the Saint Helena pound. Tristan da Cunha however uses the pound sterling rather than the Saint Helena pound. The coins of the Saint Helena pound specify that they are for use on both Saint Helena and Ascension Island, but with no mention of Tristan da Cunha. For more information on currency in the wider region, see Pound sterling in the South Atlantic and the Antarctic.
Transport.
In 2003 the British and US governments signed the Wideawake agreement designed to allow a limited amount of non-scheduled civilian aircraft to land on Ascension Island, under responsibility of the British government. The island has a regular airlink with the United Kingdom and the Falkland Islands, with twice weekly flights from the RAF Ascension Island to the UK (RAF Brize Norton) and to the Falkland Islands (RAF Mount Pleasant). These are by an Airbus A330 aircraft operated by AirTanker Services on behalf of the Ministry of Defence (United Kingdom) although a limited number of commercial passenger tickets are available. All visitors to Ascension Island need the Administrator's written permission before travelling. The United States maintains a weekly flight between the island and Patrick Air Force Base in Florida for the use of its personnel only.
The RMS "Saint Helena" visits Ascension Island approximately once a month linking the island to St Helena and Cape Town. The US military service their base and facilities with a regular supply ship (MV "Ascension") and air transport.
There is no taxi service on the island and most visitors requiring transport rent a car. There are around of roads on the island, all of which are surfaced. Some sections of the surfacing was done using surplus tarmac from construction of the airstrip. Traffic drives on the left.

</doc>
<doc id="18962616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962616" title="HMS Sans Pareil (1851)">
HMS Sans Pareil (1851)

HMS "Sans Pareil" was a 70-gun screw propelled ship of the line of the Royal Navy.
Planning and construction.
"Sans Pareil" was initially designed as an 80-gun second rate, to the lines of the earlier HMS "Sans Pareil", a French prize captured in 1794. She was ordered on 27 February 1843 and laid down on 1 September 1845 at Devonport Dockyard. The rapid development of naval technology during this period led to fears that she would be obsolete before she could be launched, and work was suspended on 2 October 1848. A new design was drawn up utilising steam power, which was approved on 18 May 1849, and the conversion was duly carried out. She was eventually launched on 18 March 1851, having cost a total of £126,432 to build, with the machinery costing another £30,888. The conversion had lengthened her by , while the extra weight of the machinery necessitated a reduction in the number of guns, from 80 to 70.
Career.
"Sans Pareil" was commissioned at Plymouth on 12 November 1852, under the command of Sydney Dacres. She was initially at Lisbon, but by 1853 was serving with the Channel Fleet. The outbreak of the Crimean War led to her being reassigned to the Black Sea, and on 22 November 1854 "Sans Pareil" came under the command of Acting Captain Leopold Heath. He commanded her until February 1855, when Captain Woodford John Williams took over. In September 1855 "Sans Pareil" was used to transport mortars to the Baltic. Captain Astley Cooper Key took over on 9 January 1856, and was placed in charge of a division of gunboats. After the end of the war "Sans Pareil" was used to return troops from the Crimea, and by March 1857, had been sent to the Far East. Key and the "Sans Pareil" were present in China during the Second Opium War, with Key commanding the naval brigade at the capture of Canton on 28 December 1857. Key was invalided back to Britain in April, and was replaced by Captain Julian Foulston Slight. He was in turn replaced by Captain Rochfort Maguire, who remained in command until her return to Plymouth at the end of 1859.
"Sans Pareil" was recommissioned on 5 June 1862 under the command of Captain Arthur Parry Eardley-Wilmot, replacing HMS "Nile" as the Queenstown guardship. In November 1861 she was used to transport troops to Mexico, along with HMS "Donegal" and HMS "Conqueror". Her final captain was George Le Geyt Bowyear, and "Sans Pareil" spent 1863 conveying marines to China, and returning invalids home.
"Sans Pareil" was reduced to 66 guns in 1866 and was sold to C. Marshall in March 1867. She was broken up at Plymouth.

</doc>
<doc id="18962631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962631" title="CoSport">
CoSport

CoSport is a distributor of hospitality packages and tickets to the Olympic games. It is a privately held company established in 2000 and owned by Sead Dizdarevic. CoSport has the rights to market and sell consumer hospitality and premium ticket packages, individual tickets and hospitality management services in Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, Canada, Norway, Sweden, the United States and other EU/EEA countries.
CoSport is a subsidiary of Jet Set Sports, which is one of the leading provider of Olympic hospitality packages.

</doc>
<doc id="18962637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962637" title="Cape Verde">
Cape Verde

Cape Verde (, ), officially the Republic of Cabo Verde, is an island country spanning an archipelago of 10 volcanic islands in the central Atlantic Ocean. Located 570 kilometres (350 miles) off the coast of Western Africa, the islands cover a combined area of slightly over . Three (Sal, Boa Vista and Maio) are fairly flat, sandy and dry; the others generally rockier with more vegetation
Portuguese explorers discovered and colonized the previously uninhabited islands in the 15th century. Ideally located for the Atlantic slave trade, they grew prosperous and often attracted privateers and pirates, among them Sir Francis Drake, a corsair privateering under Letter of marque granted by the English crown who twice sacked the (then) capital Ribeira Grande in the 1580s. The islands were also visited by Charles Darwin's expedition in 1832.
Decline in the slave trade in the 19th century resulted in an economic crisis. With few natural resources and inadequate sustainable investment from the Portuguese, the citizens grew increasingly discontented with the colonial masters, who nevertheless refused to provide the local authorities with more autonomy. A budding independence movement (originally led by Amílcar Cabral, assassinated on 20 January 1973) passed on to his half-brother Luís Cabral and culminated in independence for the archipelago in 1975.
Cape Verde's population is mostly creole; its capital city Praia accounts for a quarter of the country's estimated 500,000 citizens. Nearly 38% live in rural areas according to the 2010 Cape Verdean census. The literacy rate is around 85%. Politically, the country is a very stable democracy. Its notable economic growth and improvement in living conditions despite a lack of natural resources has garnered international recognition, with other countries and international organizations often providing development aid. Since 2007, Cape Verde has been classified as a developing nation.
Tough economic times during the last decades of its colonization and the first years of independence led many Cape Verdeans to emigrate to Europe, the Americas and other African countries. Today these émigrés and their descendants outnumber the domestic population. Historically, remittances from these émigrés to their extended families in Cape Verde has provided a substantial contribution to the country's economy. However, later generations are less likely to send money back and currently, the Cape Verdean economy is mostly service-oriented with a growing focus on tourism and foreign investment, which benefits from the islands' warm year-round climate, diverse landscape and cultural wealth, especially in music.
Etymology.
The name of the country stems from the nearby Cap-Vert, on the Senegalese coast, which in its turn was originally named "Cabo Verde" when it was sighted by Portuguese explorers in 1444, a few years before the islands were discovered ("verde" is Portuguese for "green"). On October 24, 2013 it was announced at the United Nations that the official name should no longer be translated into other languages. Instead of "Cape Verde", the designation "Republic of Cabo Verde" is to be used.
History.
Before the arrival of Europeans, the Cape Verde Islands were uninhabited. The islands of the Cape Verde archipelago were discovered by Italian and Portuguese navigators around 1456. According to Portuguese official records, the first discoveries were made by Genoa-born António de Noli, who was afterwards appointed governor of Cape Verde by Portuguese King Afonso V. Other navigators mentioned as contributing with discoveries in the Cape Verde archipelago are Diogo Gomes, who was with António de Noli and claims to have been the first to land on and name Santiago island, Diogo Dias, Diogo Afonso and the Italian Alvise Cadamosto.
In 1462, Portuguese settlers arrived at Santiago and founded a settlement they called Ribeira Grande (now called Cidade Velha, to avoid being confused with the town of Ribeira Grande on the Santo Antão island). Ribeira Grande was the first permanent European settlement in the tropics.
In the 16th century, the archipelago prospered from the transatlantic slave trade. Pirates occasionally attacked the Portuguese settlements. Sir Francis Drake, an English corsair, sacked Ribeira Grande in 1585. After a French attack in 1712, the town declined in importance relative to nearby Praia, which became the capital in 1770.
With the decline in the slave trade, Cape Verde's early prosperity slowly vanished. However, the islands' position astride mid-Atlantic shipping lanes made Cape Verde an ideal location for re-supplying ships. Because of its excellent harbour, Mindelo (on the island of São Vicente) became an important commercial centre during the 19th century. Diplomat Edmund Roberts visited Cape Verde in 1832.
In 1951, Portugal changed Cape Verde's status from a colony to an overseas province in an attempt to blunt growing nationalism. In 1956, Amílcar Cabral and a group of fellow Cape Verdeans and Guineans organised (in Portuguese Guinea) the clandestine African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde (PAIGC). It demanded improvement in economic, social and political conditions in Cape Verde and Portuguese Guinea and formed the basis of the two nations' independence movement. Moving its headquarters to Conakry, Guinea in 1960, the PAIGC began an armed rebellion against Portugal in 1961. Acts of sabotage eventually grew into a war in Portuguese Guinea that pitted 10,000 Soviet bloc-supported PAIGC soldiers against 35,000 Portuguese and African troops.
By 1972, the PAIGC controlled much of Portuguese Guinea despite the presence of the Portuguese troops, but the organization did not attempt to disrupt Portuguese control in Cape Verde. Portuguese Guinea declared independence in 1973 and was granted de jure independence in 1974. Following the April 1974 revolution in Portugal, the PAIGC became an active political movement in Cape Verde. In December 1974, the PAIGC and Portugal signed an agreement providing for a transitional government composed of Portuguese and Cape Verdeans. On June 30, 1975, Cape Verdeans elected a National Assembly which received the instruments of independence from Portugal on July 5, 1975. In the late 1970s and 1980s, most African countries prohibited South African Airways from overflights but Cape Verde allowed them and became a center of activity for the airline's flights to Europe and the United States.
Immediately following the November 1980 coup in Guinea-Bissau, relations between Cape Verde and Guinea-Bissau became strained. Cape Verde abandoned its hope for unity with Guinea-Bissau and formed the African Party for the Independence of Cape Verde (PAICV). Problems have since been resolved and relations between the countries are good. The PAICV and its predecessor established a one-party system and ruled Cape Verde from independence until 1990.
Responding to growing pressure for pluralistic democracy, the PAICV called an emergency congress in February 1990 to discuss proposed constitutional changes to end one-party rule. Opposition groups came together to form the Movement for Democracy (MPD) in Praia in April 1990. Together, they campaigned for the right to contest the presidential election scheduled for December 1990.
The one-party state was abolished September 28, 1990, and the first multi-party elections were held in January 1991. The MPD won a majority of the seats in the National Assembly, and MPD presidential candidate António Mascarenhas Monteiro defeated the PAICV's candidate with 73.5% of the votes. Legislative elections in December 1995 increased the MPD majority in the National Assembly. The party won 50 of the National Assembly's 72 seats.
A February 1996 presidential election returned President Monteiro to office. Legislative elections in January 2001 returned power to the PAICV, with the PAICV holding 40 of the National Assembly seats, MPD 30, and Party for Democratic Convergence (PCD) and Party for Labor and Solidarity (PTS) 1 each. In February 2001, the PAICV-supported presidential candidate Pedro Pires defeated former MPD leader Carlos Veiga by only 13 votes.
Politics.
Cape Verde is a stable representative Parliamentary republic. It is among the most democratic nations in the world, ranking 26th in the world, as of 2013. The constitution - adopted in 1980 and revised in 1992, 1995 and 1999 - defines the basic principles of its government. The president is the head of state and is elected by popular vote for a 5-year term. The prime minister is the head of government and proposes other ministers and secretaries of state. The prime minister is nominated by the National Assembly and appointed by the president. Members of the National Assembly are elected by popular vote for 5-year terms. Three parties now hold seats in the National Assembly—PAICV 40, MPD 30, and Cape Verdean Independent Democratic Union (UCID) 2.
The judicial system consists of a Supreme Court of Justice - whose members are appointed by the president, the National Assembly, and the Board of the Judiciary - and regional courts. Separate courts hear civil, constitutional, and criminal cases. Appeal is to the Supreme Court.
Cape Verde follows a policy of nonalignment and seeks cooperative relations with all friendly states. Angola, Brazil, the People's Republic of China, Cuba, France, Germany, Portugal, Spain, Senegal, Russia, Luxembourg, and the United States maintain embassies in Praia. Cape Verde is actively interested in foreign affairs, especially in Africa. It has bilateral relations with some Lusophone nations and holds membership in a number of international organisations. It also participates in most international conferences on economic and political issues. Since 2007, Cape Verde has a "special partnership" status with the EU, under the Cotonou Agreement, and might apply for special membership.
The military of Cape Verde consists of a coast guard and an army; 0.7% of the country's GDP was spent on the military in 2005.
International recognition.
Cape Verde is often praised as an example among African nations, for its stability and developmental growth despite its lack of natural resources. Among others, it has been recognized with the following assessments:
Moreover, on 10 October 2011, Cape Verde became the 119th state which ratified the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court.
Geography.
The Cape Verde archipelago is located in the Atlantic Ocean, approximately off the coast of West Africa, near Senegal, The Gambia and Mauritania, and is part of the Macaronesia ecoregion. It lies between latitudes 14° and 18°N, and longitudes 22° and 26°W.
The country is a horseshoe-shaped cluster of ten islands (nine inhabited) and eight islets, that constitute an area of 4033 km².
The islands are spatially divided into two groups: 
The largest island, both in size and population, is Santiago, which hosts the nation's capital, Praia, the principal agglomeration in the archipelago.
Physical geography.
Geologically, the islands, covering a combined area of slightly over , are principally composed of igneous rocks, with volcanic structures and pyroclastic debris comprising the majority of the archipelago's total volume. The volcanic and plutonic rocks are distinctly basic; the archipelago is a soda-alkaline petrographic province, with a petrologic succession which is similar to that found in other Macaronesian islands.
Magnetic anomalies identified in the vicinity of the archipelago indicate that the structures forming the islands date back 125-150 million years: the islands themselves date from 8 million (in the west) to 20 million years (in the east). The oldest exposed rocks occurred on Maio and northern peninsula of Santiago and are 128-131 million year old pillow lavas. The first stage of volcanism in the islands began in the early Miocene, and reached its peak at the end of this period, when the islands reached their maximum sizes. Historical volcanism (within human settlement) has been restricted to the island of Fogo.
The origin of the islands' volcanism has been attributed to a hotspot, associated with bathymetric swell that formed the Cape Verde Rise. The Rise is one of the largest protuberances in the world's oceans, rising 2.2 kilometers in a semi-circular region of 1200 km², associated with a rise of the geoid and elevated surface heat flow.
Most recently erupting in 1995, Pico do Fogo is the largest active volcano in the region. It has a diameter caldera, whose rim is altitude and an interior cone that rises to above sea level. The caldera resulted from subsidence, following the partial evacuation (eruption) of the magma chamber, along a cylindrical column from within magma chamber (at a depth of ).
Extensive salt flats are found on Sal and Maio. On Santiago, Santo Antão, and São Nicolau, arid slopes give way in places to sugarcane fields or banana plantations spread along the base of towering mountains. Ocean cliffs have been formed by catastrophic debris avalanches.
According to the president of Nauru, Cape Verde has been ranked the eighth most endangered nation due to flooding from climate change.
Climate.
Cape Verde's climate is milder than that of the African mainland because the surrounding sea moderates temperatures on the islands and cold Atlantic current´s produces an arid atmosphere around the archipelago. Conversely, the islands do not receive the upwellings (cold streams) that affect the West African coast, so the air temperature is cooler than in Senegal, but the sea is actually warmer, because the orographic relief of some islands, such as Santiago with steep mountains, cover it with rich woods and luxuriant vegetation where the humid air condenses and soak the plants, rocks, soil, logs, moss etc..On the higher islands and somewhat wetter islands, exclusively in mountainous areas, like Santo Antao island, the climate is suitable for the development of dry monsoon forest, and laurel forest as this vegetation Average daily high temperatures range from in February to in September. Cape Verde is part of the Sahelian arid belt, with nothing like the rainfall levels of nearby West Africa. It does rain irregularly between August and October, with frequent brief-but-heavy downpours. A "desert" is usually defined as terrain which receives less than of annual rainfall. Cape Verde's total () is slightly above this criterion, which makes the area climate "semi-desert".
Sal, Boa Vista and Maio have a flat landscape and arid climate, the remaining ones are generally rockier and have more vegetation. However, because of the infrequent occurrence of rainfall the overall landscape is not particularly green. The archipelago can be divided into four broad ecological zones: arid, semiarid, subhumid and humid, according to altitude and average annual rainfall ranging from 200 mm in the arid areas of the coast to more than 1000 mm in the humid mountain. Mostly rainfall precipitation is due to condensation of the ocean mist.
In some islands, as Santiago, the wetter climate of the interior and the eastern coast contrasts with the dryer one in the south/southwest coast. Praia, on the southeast coast, is the largest city of the island and the largest city and capital of the country.
Because of their proximity to the Sahara, most of the Cape Verde islands are dry, but on islands with high mountains and farther away from the coast, by orography, the humidity is much higher, providing a rainforest habitat, although much affected by the human presence. Northeastern slopes of high mountains often receive a lot of rain while southwest slopes do not. These umbria areas are identified with cool and moisture. Some islands, with steep mountains, are covered with vegetation where the dense ocean moisture condenses and soaks the plants, rocks, soil, logs, moss etc.
Hurricanes that form near the Cape Verde Islands are sometimes referred to as Cape Verde-type hurricanes. These hurricanes can become very intense as they cross warm Atlantic waters.
Biome.
Cape Verde's isolation has resulted in the islands having a number of endemic species, particularly bird and reptiles, many of which are endangered by human development. Endemic birds include Alexander's Swift ("Apus alexandri"), Bourne's Heron ("Ardea purpurea bournei"), the Raso Lark ("Alauda razae"), the Cape Verde Warbler ("Acrocephalus brevipennis"), and the Iago Sparrow ("Passer iagoensis"). The islands are also an important breeding area for seabirds including the Cape Verde Shearwater. Reptiles include the Cape Verde Giant Gecko ("Tarentola gigas").
Human geography.
Cape Verde is divided into 22 municipalities ("concelhos") and subdivided into 32 parishes ("freguesias"), based on the religious parishes that existed during the colonial period:
Economy.
Cabo Verde has few natural resources. Only four of the ten main islands (Santiago, Santo Antão,São Nicolau, Fogo, and Brava) normally support significant agricultural production, and over 90% of all food consumed in Cape Verde is imported. Mineral resources include salt, pozzolana (a volcanic rock used in cement production), and limestone. Its small number of wineries making Portuguese-style wines have traditionally focused on the domestic market, but have recently met with some international acclaim. A number of wine tours of Cape Verde's various microclimates began to be offered in spring 2010 and can be arranged through the tourism office.
The economy of Cabo Verde is service-oriented, with commerce, transport, and public services accounting for more than 70% of GDP. Although nearly 38% of the population lives in rural areas, agriculture and fishing contribute only about 9% of GDP. Light manufacturing accounts for most of the remainder. Fish and shellfish are plentiful, and small quantities are exported. Cape Verde has cold storage and freezing facilities and fish processing plants in Mindelo, Praia, and on Sal. Expatriate Cape Verdeans contribute an amount estimated at about 20% of GDP to the domestic economy through remittances. 
In spite of having few natural resources and being semi-desert, the country boasts the highest living standards in the region, and has attracted thousands of immigrants of different nationalities.
Since 1991, the government has pursued market-oriented economic policies, including an open welcome to foreign investors and a far-reaching privatization programme. It established as top development priorities the promotion of a market economy and of the private sector; the development of tourism, light manufacturing industries, and fisheries; and the development of transport, communications, and energy facilities. From 1994 to 2000 about $407 million in foreign investments were made or planned, of which 58% were in tourism, 17% in industry, 4% in infrastructure, and 21% in fisheries and services.
In 2011, on four islands a windfarm was built that in total supplies about 30% of the electricity of the country. It is one of the top countries for renewable energy.
Between 2000 and 2009, real GDP increased on average by over 7 percent a year, well above the average for Sub-Saharan countries and faster than most small island economies in the region. Strong economic performance was bolstered by one of the fastest growing tourism industries in the world, as well as by substantial capital inflows that allowed Cape Verde to build up national currency reserves to the current 3.5 months of imports. Unemployment has been falling rapidly, and the country is on track to achieve most of the UN Millennium Development Goals – including halving its 1990 poverty level.
In 2007, Cape Verde joined the World Trade Organization (WTO) and in 2008 the country graduated from Least Developed Country (LDC) to Middle Income Country (MIC) status.
Cabo Verde has significant cooperation with Portugal at every level of the economy, which has led it to link its currency first to the Portuguese escudo and, in 1999, to the euro. On June 23, 2008 Cape Verde became the 153rd member of the WTO.
The minimum wage has been set at 11,000.00 Cabo Verdean Escudos (CVE) monthly (equivalent to 138 USD or 101 Euros) for the first time in Cabo Verdean history, in August 2013. The national minimum wage went into full effect on January 1, 2014.
Development.
The European Commission's total allocation for the period of 2008–2013 foreseen for Cape Verde to address "poverty reduction, in particular in rural and periurban areas where women are heading the households, as well as good governance" amounts to €54.1 million.
Tourism.
Cabo Verde's strategic location at the crossroads of mid-Atlantic air and sea lanes has been enhanced by significant improvements at Mindelo's harbour (Porto Grande) and at Sal's and Praia's international airports. A new international airport was opened in Boa Vista in December 2007, and on the island of Sao Vicente, the newest international airport (São Pedro Airport) in Cabo Verde, was opened in late 2009. Ship repair facilities at Mindelo were opened in 1983. The major ports are Mindelo and Praia, but all other islands have smaller port facilities. In addition to the international airport on Sal, airports have been built on all of the inhabited islands. All but the airports on Brava and Santo Antão enjoy scheduled air service. The archipelago has of roads, of which are paved, most using cobblestone.
The country's future economic prospects depend heavily on the maintenance of aid flows, the encouragement of tourism, remittances, outsourcing labour to neighbouring African countries, and the momentum of the government's development programme.
Tourism has increased in recent years. Large hotels have been built across the country in an effort to boost tourism. In particular, on the islands of Boa Vista (Club Hotel Riu Karamboa (750 rooms)) and Sal (Club Hotel Riu Funana/Garopa (1000 rooms) — the largest hotel in all of West Africa). The country has 207 tourist facilities including hotels, pensions, residentials, etc., with total room and bed capacities rounding at 8,522 and 14.999 respectively.
In 2012, about 533,877 tourists visited the archipelago, for the first time surpassing the native population.
Demographics.
The official Census recorded that Cape Verde had a population of 491,875 in 2010
The majority of the population is creole (mixed black and white descent). A genetic study revealed that the ancestry of the population in Cape Verde is predominantly European in the male line and West African in the female line; counted together the percentage is 56% African and 44% European.
Later foreigners from all over the world settled in Cape Verde, including from Asia, South America and other countries in Europe.
The Cape Verde archipelago was uninhabited when the Portuguese discovered it in 1456. African slaves were brought to the islands to work on Portuguese plantations. As a result, Cape Verdeans are mulattos (mestiços in Portuguese), who have mixed African and European origins. European ancestors also include Spanish and Italian seamen who were granted land by the Portuguese Empire, followed by Portuguese settlers, exiles, and Portuguese Jews who were victims of the Inquisition. Many foreigners from other parts of the world settled in Cape Verde as their permanent country. Most of them were Dutch, French, British (English), Arab and Jewish (from Lebanon and Morocco), Chinese (especially from Macau), India, Indonesia, South America, American and Brazilian (including people of Portuguese and African descent). All of these have been absorbed into the mestiço population.
The high degree of genetic and ethnic mixture of individuals is a result of centuries of migration. It is not unusual to encounter persons with dark skin and blond hair and blue eyes, and persons with light skin and black hair.
Around 95% of the population is Christian. More than 85% of the population is nominally Roman Catholic, though for a minority of the population Catholicism is syncretized with African influences. The largest Protestant denomination is the Church of the Nazarene; other groups include the Seventh-day Adventist Church, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, the Assemblies of God, the Universal Church of the Kingdom of God, and other Pentecostal and evangelical groups. There is a small Muslim community. There were Jewish settlements on several islands. The number of atheists is estimated at less than 1% of the population.
Cape Verde's official language is Portuguese. It is the language of instruction and government. However, the Cape Verdean Creole is used colloquially and is the mother tongue of virtually all Cape Verdeans. Cape Verdean Creole or Kriolu is a dialect continuum of a Portuguese-based creole. There is a substantial body of literature in Creole, especially in the Santiago Creole and the São Vicente Creole. Creole has been gaining prestige since the nation's independence from Portugal. However, the differences between the forms of the language within the islands have been a major obstacle in the way of standardization of the language. Some people have advocated the development of two standards: a North (Barlavento) standard, centered on the São Vicente Creole, and a South (Sotavento) standard, centered on the Santiago Creole. Manuel Veiga, PhD, a linguist and Minister of Culture of Cape Verde, is the premier proponent of Kriolu's officialization and standardization.
Emigration.
Today, more Cape Verdeans live abroad than in Cape Verde itself, with significant emigrant Cape Verdean communities in the United States (500,000 Cape Verdeans descent, with a major concentration on the New England coast from Providence, Rhode Island, to New Bedford, Massachusetts). There are also significant Cape Verde populations in Portugal (150,000), Angola (45,000), São Tomé and Príncipe (25,000), Senegal (25,000), the Netherlands (20,000, of which 15,000 are concentrated in Rotterdam), France (25,000), Luxembourg (7,000), Scandinavia (7,000), Italy (10,000) and Spain (12,500). There is a Cape Verdean community in Argentina numbering 8,000. A large number of Cape Verdeans and people of Cape Verdean descent who emigrated before 1975 are not included in these statistics, because Cape Verdeans had Portuguese passports before 1975.
There are approximately 3,000 Chinese immigrants in Cape Verde, as well as citizens of the African mainland, approximately 72% of the total (most of these immigrants hail from West Africa). There are a significant number of citizens of Europe, approximately 17% of the total, and South America (Brazil) residing in the country. There are an estimated 25,196 immigrants in Cape Verde of which 15,373 were legal residents as of July 2012.
Over the years, Cape Verde has increasingly become a net immigration country due to its relative high per capita income, political and social stability, and freedom.
In the USA, the children and grandchildren of the first immigrant waves became involved in the US Army for centuries: in the Revolutionary War, Civil War, the First and Second World Wars, as well as the Korean and Vietnam Wars. Cape Verdeans moved to places all over the world, from Macau to Haiti to Argentina to northern Europe.
Health.
The infant mortality rate in Cape Verde is 25.13 per 1,000 live births, and the maternal mortality rate is 53.7 deaths per 100,000 live births. The AIDS prevalence rate is low: There are approximately 1,000 HIV/AIDS patients in the country, with just over half of these in Praia according to the United Nations' HIV/AIDS 2013 report and the country's sexually transmitted diseases prevention bureau. Life expectancy in Cape Verde is 74.1 years (70.5 years for males and 77.7 years for females) according to the country's statistics bureau.
There are various hospitals throughout the country each island has a central hospital, and the main islands like Santiago, Sao Vicente, Sal, Fogo can find a variety of private clinics.
Cape Verde's population is among the healthiest in Africa. Since its independence, it has greatly improved its health indicators. Besides having been promoted to the group of "medium development" countries in 2007, leaving the least developed countries category (which is only the second time it has happened to a country), is currently the 10th best ranked country in Africa in its Human Development Index.
The total expenditure for Healph was 4.8% of GDP (2011).
Education.
Although The Cape Verdean educational system is similar to the Portuguese system, over the years the local universities have been increasingly adopting the American educational system; for instance, all the 10 existing universities in the country offer 4-year bachelor's degree programs. Cape Verde has the second best educational system in Africa, after South Africa.
Primary school education in Cape Verde is mandatory between the ages of 6 and 14 years and free for children ages 6 to 14. In 2011, the net enrollment ratio for primary school was 85%. Approximately 90% of the total population over 15 years of age is literate, and roughly 25% of the population holds a college degree; 250 of these college graduates hold doctorate degrees in different academic fields. Textbooks have been made available to 90 percent of school children, and 98 percent of the teachers have attended in-service teacher training. Although most children have access to education, some problems remain. For example, there is insufficient spending on school materials, lunches, and books.
The total expenditure on education was 5.6% of GDP (2010).
The mean years of schooling of adults over 25 years is 12.
Culture.
Cape Verdean social and cultural patterns are similar to those of rural Portugal . Football (Futebol) games and church activities are typical sources of social interaction and entertainment. The traditional walk around the praça (town square) to meet friends is practised regularly in Cape Verde towns. In towns with electricity, television is available on two channels (Cape Verdean and Portuguese).
Cape Verde music incorporates Portuguese, Caribbean, and Brazilian influences. Cape Verde's quintessential national music is the "morna", a melancholy and lyrical song form typically sung in Cape Verdean Creole. The most popular music genre after "morna" is the "coladeira" followed by "funaná" and "batuque" music. Amongst the most worldwide known Cape Verdean singers, are the singers Ildo Lobo, Nelson Freitas and Cesária Évora whose songs became a hallmark of the country and its culture.
There are also well known artists born to Cape Verdean parents who excelled themselves in the international music scene. Amongst these artists are jazz pianist Horace Silver, Duke Ellington's saxophonist Paul Gonsalves, Teófilo Chantre, Paul Pena, the Tavares brothers and singer Lura.
Dance forms include the soft dance "morna", the extreme sensuality of "coladeira" including the modernized version called "Cabo Love" (similar to the zouk from Guadeloupe), the "Funaná" (a sensual mixed Portuguese and African dance), and the "Batuque" dance.
Cape Verdean literature is one of the richest of Lusophone Africa. Famous poets include Paulino Vieira, Manuel de Novas, Sergio Frusoni, Eugénio Tavares, and B. Léza, and famous authors include Baltasar Lopes da Silva, António Aurélio Gonçalves, Manuel Lopes, Orlanda Amarílis, Henrique Teixeira de Sousa, Arménio Vieira, Kaubverdianu Dambará, Dr. Azágua, and Germano Almeida.
Cuisine.
The Cape Verde diet is mostly based on fish and staple foods like corn and rice. Vegetables available during most of the year are potatoes, onions, tomatoes, manioc, cabbage, kale, and dried beans. Fruits such as bananas and papayas are available year-round, while others like mangoes and avocados are seasonal. A popular dish served in Cape Verde is Cachupa, a slow cooked stew of corn (hominy), beans, and fish or meat.
Sports.
Cape Verde is famous for wave sailing (a type of windsurfing) and kiteboarding. Josh Angulo, a Hawaiian and 2009 PWA Wave World Champion, has done much to promote the archipelago as a windsurfing destination. Cape Verde is now his adopted country. Mitu Monteiro, a local kitesurfer, was the 2008 Kite Surfing World Champion in the wave discipline.
The Cape Verde national football team, nicknamed either the Tubarões Azuis (Blue Sharks) or Crioulos (Creoles), is the national team of Cape Verde and is controlled by the Federação Caboverdiana de Futebol. On Sunday, October 14, 2012, the team qualified for their first ever Africa Cup of Nations with a 3-2 aggregate victory over Cameroon. Cape Verde were drawn into Group A of the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations, alongside Angola, Morocco and the host nation South Africa.
Although the Cape Verde national football team represents Cape Verde abroad, many internationally known footballers were born in Cape Verde, or were descendants of Cape Verdeans, and play for other nation's teams. Several currently play, or have played, in the Portuguese league or national team, such as Nani (Manchester United), Jorge Andrade (Porto, Juventus) Rolando (Inter Milan on loan from Porto), and Nélson (Benfica, Real Betis, Osasuna and now Palermo). Henrik Larsson (whose father is Cape Verdean) played for Sweden, Patrick Vieira (whose mother is Cape Verdean) and Patrice Evra (whose mother is Cape Verdean) played for France, Luc Castaignos (whose mother is Cape Verdean) plays for Netherlands (youth levels), while Gelson Fernandes (who was born in Praia) plays for Switzerland.
Transport.
Ports.
Ports and harbors: Mindelo on São Vicente is the main port for cruise liners and the terminus for the ferry service to Santo Antão. Praia on Santiago is a main hub for local ferry services to other islands. Palmeira on Sal supplies fuel for the main airport on the island, Amílcar Cabral International Airport, and is important for the hotel construction taking place on the island. Porto Novo on Santo Antão is the only source for imports and exports of produce from the island as well as passenger traffic since the closure of the airstrip at Ponta do Sol. There are smaller harbors, essentially single jetties at Tarrafal on São Nicolau, Sal Rei on Boa Vista, Vila do Maio (Porto Inglês) on Maio, São Filipe on Fogo and Furna on Brava. These act as terminals for the inter island ferry services which carry both freight and passengers. The pier at Santa Maria on Sal used by both fishing and dive boats has been rehabilitated.
Airports.
7 operational in 2014 - 4 international and 3 domestic.
2 inoperational, one on Brava and the other on Santo Antão, closed for safety reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="18962647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962647" title="Canadian heraldry">
Canadian heraldry

Canadian heraldry is the cultural tradition and style of coats of arms and other heraldic achievements in both modern and historic Canada. It includes national, provincial, and civic arms, noble and personal arms, ecclesiastical heraldry, heraldic displays as corporate logos, and Canadian heraldic descriptions.
Derived mainly from heraldic traditions in France and the United Kingdom, Canadian heraldry also incorporates distinctly Canadian symbols, especially native flora and fauna, references to the First Nations and other aboriginal peoples of Canada, and uniquely Canadian elements such as the Canadian pale, derived from the Canadian flag. A unique system of cadency is used for daughters inheriting arms, and a special symbol for United Empire Loyalists.
In 1988, governance of both personal and corporate heraldry in Canada was patriated from the heraldic authorities in England and Scotland, with the formation of the Canadian Heraldic Authority, which now has exclusive jurisdiction over granting awards of arms in Canada. Coats of arms are used throughout Canada by all levels of government, in many cases including royal insignia as a mark of authority, as in the recently granted arms of the House of Commons and the Senate, and of Parliament as a combined body. Use of armorial bearings is not limited to governmental bodies; all citizens of Canada have the right to petition for an award of arms, as do other entities including businesses and religious institutions. The granting of arms is regarded as an honour from the monarch, via the governor general, and thus are bestowed only on those whom the Chief Herald has deemed worthy of receiving a grant of arms.
History.
Before the arrival of Europeans, the Aboriginal peoples of Canada used symbolic artwork to denote their allegiance to a particular clan or pantribal sodalities, and to show legendary and religious themes. For the West Coast peoples this would be done with carvings on totem poles, carvings integrated into longhouses and smaller wooden objects like boxes, masks, and canoes. For Plains people the Plains hide painting tradition painted images onto tipis, shields, and other animal-hide objects.
The history of European-style heraldry in Canada began with the raising of the Royal Arms of France by French explorer Jacques Cartier in 1534, when he landed on Canadian soil at what is now known as the Gaspé Peninsula. From the beginning of the settlement of Canada until the Treaty of Paris in 1763, armorial bearings were largely either brought from France or awarded by the French crown. A notable exception is the Coat of Arms of Nova Scotia, awarded in 1625 by Charles I (making it the oldest coat of arms in the Commonwealth outside the United Kingdom), in use until 1868, when it was replaced by a new achievement. The original was later rediscovered, and replaced the 1868 version in 1929. The present-day Coat of Arms of Newfoundland and Labrador was granted to a private company shortly after that of Nova Scotia, although it did not enter use as the region's arms until the 1920s. The Coat of Arms of the Hudson's Bay Company was first used in 1671 (although no record of the original grant exists, and it was not registered with the College of Arms in London until 1921), and has been in continual use with minor cosmetic changes to the official depiction ever since.
Upon ratification of the Treaty of Paris, the British Crown confirmed the French awards of arms. Between 1763 and 1867, the year of Canadian Confederation, there is little evidence of much heraldic activity. After Confederation, however, heraldry in Canada became more widespread, including grants of arms to the provinces, various educational institutions, municipalities, and individuals. In the immediate post-Confederation period, arms were granted to New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Ontario, and Quebec, although not to the country as a whole. In the period between the Treaty of Paris and Confederation, the Arms of the United Kingdom had served as the emblem of authority within Canada.
From 1763 until 1988, heraldry in Canada was under the authority of the College of Arms in London and the Court of the Lord Lyon in Edinburgh. In the late 1980s, the Queen issued Letters Patent creating the Canadian Heraldic Authority.
Modern heraldry.
Official.
Before the creation of the Canadian Heraldic Authority, Canadians wishing to obtain a legally granted coat of arms had to apply to one of the two heraldic offices in the United Kingdom: either the College of Arms in London or, if of Scottish descent, the Court of the Lord Lyon in Edinburgh. This process was quite lengthy—and costly. In addition, the heralds in Britain could sometimes be unfamiliar with Canadian history and symbols. In time, many Canadians with an interest in heraldry began calling for an office that would offer armorial bearings designed by and for Canadians.
As early as 1967, plans were reportedly in the works to transfer overview of heraldry from the College of Arms in the UK to Canada. The push for a wholly Canadian heraldic system came largely from the Heraldry Society of Canada (now the Royal Heraldry Society of Canada) almost from its inception, though it was not seen as a priority by successive national governments. In 1986, Vicki Huntington, a politician from British Columbia, forwarded a brief written by the Royal Heraldry Society of Canada calling for the creation of the Canadian Heraldic Authority to a staff member in then-Secretary of State David Crombie's office. Mr. Crombie had his department organise a meeting in Ottawa the following year, to which many national and international heraldic experts were invited. The meeting concluded with "a strong recommendation to government that an Authority be created."
Two years later, on 4 June 1988, then-Governor General Jeanne Sauvé authorised the creation of the Canadian Heraldic Authority, made possible by letters patent signed by Queen Elizabeth II, on the advice of her Canadian Privy Council, and presented by her son, Prince Edward. As a result Canada became the first Commonwealth realm outside the United Kingdom to have its own heraldic authority. Canada also provides full equality to women in terms of inheriting and transmitting arms. Additionally, all armigers within Canada may file for trademark protection of their grant of arms under the Trade-Marks Act.
State and national.
The Arms of Canada (also known as the Royal Arms of Canada or the Arms of Her Majesty in Right of Canada) has been, since 1921, the official coat of arms of the Canadian monarch, and thus also of Canada. It is derived from the Royal Coat of Arms of the United Kingdom, with distinctive Canadian elements—the maple leaves and the reference to the French Royal Arms in the fourth quarter—replacing or added to those derived from the British.
The arms are used as a mark of authority by various government agencies and representatives, including the Prime Minister and Cabinet, the Speaker of the House of Commons, most courts (including the Supreme Court), and, formerly, Parliament. It is also present on all denominations of Canadian paper currency, and on the cover of Canadian passports. Since 1962, a banner of the arms, defaced with a variant of the Queen's cypher, has formed the Royal Standard of Canada, for use by the sovereign in her capacity as monarch of Canada. The personal flag of the Governor General has featured the crest of the arms of Canada on a blue background since 1981.
On 15 February 2008, the House of Commons was granted its own heraldic symbol following a request by Commons Speaker Peter Milliken to the Canadian Heraldic Authority. The new symbol for Parliament is a badge of the escutcheon in the Arms of Canada superimposed on the mace used by the House of Commons as a symbol of its authority derived from the Crown. The Senate was granted a similar badge on 15 April 2008, using its own mace. Parliament as a whole has been granted the right to use the escutcheon of the Arms of Canada, superimposed over the maces of the Commons and Senate in saltire.
In June 2008, MP Pat Martin introduced a motion into the House of Commons calling on the government to amend the coat of arms to incorporate symbols representing Canada's First Nations, Inuit and Métis peoples.
Provincial.
In much the same way that there is a national coat of arms, each province and territory possesses its own unique arms; Saskatchewan's is known formally as Her Majesty's Arms in Right of Saskatchewan. The year after Confederation, Queen Victoria issued Royal Warrants assigning arms to Canada's original four provinces: Quebec, Ontario, Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick.
Each provincial coat of arms includes specific local symbolism; most also include symbolism derived from the coats of arms of the United Kingdom, France, or both. Since 1868, each province and territory within Canada has been granted arms through warrants either from the monarch directly or from the Governor General, or has assumed them through other means.
Apart from Newfoundland and Labrador, each province and territory bears at least some elements from its coat of arms upon its flag. The flags of British Columbia, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward Island are banners of the provincial arms, while Alberta, Manitoba, Ontario, Saskatchewan, the Northwest Territories, and the Yukon each have the shield of the local coat of arms on their flags, with other design elements. The flag of Nunavut uses some elements from its coat of arms along with other symbols and colours. The shield of the arms of each province, on a blue background and circled with ten gold maple leaves, the whole surmounted by a crown, forms the main element of the flag of the Lieutenant-Governor of that province. The exceptions are Nova Scotia, which uses the Union Flag defaced with the shield of Nova Scotia, surrounded by green maple leaves, and Quebec, which uses the shield on a white circle with the provincial motto inscribed below.
Municipal.
The use of armorial bearings among Canadian cities is inconsistent, because many of them have been assumed and brought into force by local governmental authorities, rather than granted from the Crown. Many municipal coats of arms either awarded or confirmed by the Canadian Heraldic Authority may be found within the Public Register of Arms, though the online version of the Register is not complete.
Personal.
In Canada, every citizen has the right to petition the Crown for a grant of arms. Canadians who have been appointed to the Order of Canada are automatically entitled to receive an award of arms including the ribbon of the Order, or should they already be armigerous, to encircle their extant arms with the ribbon. Amongst others, all members of the Privy Council are entitled to supporters in their arms, as are the Speakers of the House of Commons and the Senate, Companions of the Order of Canada, Commanders of the Orders of Military Merit, Merit of the Police Forces, and of the Royal Victorian Order.
Unique Canadian elements and practices.
Aboriginal and First Nations symbolism.
Due to the history of Canada, heraldry in the country has incorporated aboriginal and First Nations symbols and elements. The Coat of Arms of Nunavut, for example, includes elements such as an inukshuk, a qulliq, and an igloo, all of which are references to the Inuit peoples who live in the area, while the arms of the Canadian Heraldic Authority include ravens, a First Nations symbol of creation and transformation. In addition, some Canadians choose to bear their arms on a roundel rather than a shield, a reference to a drumhead; an example is the coat of arms of Nunavut.
Cadency.
In many systems of heraldry, the arms of each living person must be unique. English heraldry has used armorial variants to distinguish the arms of brothers from their father's arms and from each other since the thirteenth century; this is now normally done by the system of marks or "brisures" set up by the early Tudor herald John Writhe. Canada adds a unique series of brisures for use by female children who inherit arms. As in other heraldic systems, these cadency marks are not always used; in any case, when the heir succeeds (in Canada, the first child, whether male or female, according to strict primogeniture), the mark of cadency is removed and the heir uses the plain coat of arms.
Charges, ordinaries, and divisions of the field.
The Canadian pale, a pale division amounting to half the entire field, derived from the Canadian flag, is widely used in Canadian heraldry, while the Canadian fess, a similar horizontal division, has been used once. The term "érablé", referring to maple leaves, is often used in Canadian arms. For example as a "tressure érablé" in the arms of the Monarchist League of Canada, "coronets érablé" in the arms of Sudbury and Canada's National History Society, and as a partition much like engrailed or dancetty. Canadian animals and birds, both real and fantastical, have also been widely used in arms, including the mythical raven-bears in the arms of the Canadian Heraldic Authority.
Status of women.
In both the English and the Scottish systems of heraldry, from which the Canadian draws many of its practices, a woman does not inherit or transmit arms unless she is an "heraldic heiress", that is, a daughter of an armiger who has no sons. In Canadian heraldry, by contrast, women may inherit arms on an equal basis with their brothers (if any). Women in Canada may also transmit their arms to their heirs, regardless of gender. This system of equality for men and women is a result of provisions in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, which guarantee, among other things, freedom from discrimination under the law on the basis of sex.
United Empire Loyalists.
Those who are descended from the citizens loyal to the British Crown who fled the United States during and shortly after the revolution are known in Canada as United Empire Loyalists, and are entitled to the use of special coronets within their arms, if arms are granted to them. There are two versions of the Loyalist coronet: the civil, which is made up of alternating oak and maple leaves, and the military, made up of maple leaves alternating with crossed swords; the latter is reserved for use by the families of those who served in the British military during the revolution. Proof of Loyalist heritage must be provided to the Canadian Heraldic Authority before permission is granted to use the coronet in arms. Unlike the common use of coronets in heraldry, the Loyalist coronet denotes no rank of nobility or royalty, but instead alludes to ancestral allegiance.
Obtaining arms.
All citizens of Canada, as well as corporate bodies, may petition the Crown for an award of arms. For an individual to obtain a grant of arms, a petition must be sent to the Chief Herald, providing a biography, references, and completed application forms. If the grant is approved, the individual then consults with heralds from the Authority to work out the design of their award. Upon completion of this process, the grant documents, in the form of letters patent, are created and provided to the grantee. The entire process is subject to certain fees required by the Government of Canada to cover costs of research and artwork; the fees are not to purchase the grant of arms. For corporations and institutions the process is similar.
Those individuals and institutions who are already armigerous through recognised heraldic authorities worldwide may apply to the Canadian Heraldic Authority to have their arms registered. There is no cost associated with application for registration, and it takes less time, approximately three months, than application for a new award of arms, which takes approximately twelve to fourteen months.

</doc>
<doc id="18962653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962653" title="William Spinks">
William Spinks

William Spinks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18962686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962686" title="It's Nice to Have a Mouse Around the House">
It's Nice to Have a Mouse Around the House

"It's Nice to Have a Mouse Around the House" is a Looney Tunes cartoon animated short starring Daffy Duck, Speedy Gonzales, Sylvester and Granny. Released January 16, 1965, the cartoon is directed by Friz Freleng and Hawley Pratt. The voices were performed by Mel Blanc and GeGe Pearson.
The cartoon marked the first theatrical pairing of Daffy Duck and Speedy Gonzales, with Daffy serving as Speedy's new foe. In addition, Granny is voiced here by GeGe Pearson instead of June Foray, who marks her swan song appearance as owner of Sylvester; Granny would make one more appearance in a Warner Bros. cartoon later in 1965.
Plot.
Speedy Gonzales invades Granny's home and drives Sylvester to a nervous breakdown. Concerned about the welfare of her cat, Granny calls on the Jet Age Pest Control to remove the rodent. Daffy Duck is assigned the job.
When conventional traps fail, the determined Daffy decides to use a series of contraptions to capture Speedy. However, Speedy is always one step ahead of the duck, and Daffy winds up getting the worst of his machinery.
The final attempt sees Daffy try to program a robot with a card featuring Speedy's picture, but Speedy grabs a Daffy Duck comic book and fools the robot. The robot is seen chasing Daffy out of the house as Speedy watches and remarks to the audience: "It's pretty nice having a mouse around the house, no?"

</doc>
<doc id="18962704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962704" title="Fryette's laws">
Fryette's laws

Fryette's Laws is a set of three laws pertaining to skeletal anatomy named after Harrison Fryette, D.O. The laws are defined as a set of guiding principles used by practitioners of osteopathic medicine to discriminate between dysfunctions in the axial skeleton. The first two laws solely apply to the lumbar and thoracic spinal regions, but the third applies to the entire vertebral column. 
History.
The first two laws were developed by Dr. Fryette in 1918, and the third was developed by C.R. Nelson, D.O in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18962724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962724" title="Ioniko">
Ioniko

Ioniko (Greek: Ιονικό) may refer to places in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="18962726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962726" title="Springvale Township">
Springvale Township

Springvale Township may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="18962807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962807" title="Oliver Kalkofe">
Oliver Kalkofe

Oliver Kalkofe (born 12 September 1965) is a German satirist, columnist, book author and actor.
Life and career.
Kalkofe was born in Hanover. He grew up in the Engelbostel district of Langenhagen-near Hanover and in Peine. After passing the Abitur in 1984 Kalkofe finished his training as a foreign language correspondent clerk and interpreter in English and French before enrolling at the University of Münster to major in media and communication studies.
In 1990 he joined the "Frühstyxradio", a comedy show on commercial radio station ffn. Broadcast on Sunday mornings, the shows had a theme and were presented by fictional hosts, with episodes of various ongoing series and stand-alone sketches more or less dealing with that theme. Kalkofe developed and voiced a variety of characters and series for the show.
He gained popularity on a national level with the TV show "Kalkofes Mattscheibe" on German pay TV network Premiere, which he had adapted for television in 1994 from his "Frühstyxradio" series of the same name. In it he shows clips from German TV and comments on them or parodies them. In 1996 he was awarded the Adolf-Grimme-Preis for the show.
His biggest success are the movies "Der WiXXer" and "Neues vom Wixxer", a parody of the German Edgar Wallace screen adaptations from the 1960s. The movies were based on a "Frühstyxradio" sketch series and the scripts written together with comedian Bastian Pastewka as Chief Inspector Even Longer. Kalkofe wrote the German translation for "Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Movie" and dubbd the voice of Tom Servo, viding the other voices.
Filmography.
Only select major roles.
He also provided voices for the German dubbed versions of "Mystery Science Theater 3000 - The Movie", Blue Sky's "Robots" and Pixar's "Cars", among others. He wrote the German dubbing for the Jean Dujardin spy parodies and .

</doc>
<doc id="18962814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962814" title="Luo Ergang">
Luo Ergang

Luó Ĕrgang () (1901-May 25, 1997) was a historian and Chinese Academy of Social Sciences researcher. Born in Guigang City, Guangxi Province, he was an authority on the Taiping Rebellion from a Left wing viewpoint.
Study under Professor Hu Shih.
Luo studied history under Professor Hu Shih at Peking University (now Beijing University).
Praise from Mao Zedong.
Mao Zedong praised Luo for his research on the Taiping Rebellion.

</doc>
<doc id="18962822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962822" title="Yus, My Dear">
Yus, My Dear

Yus, My Dear is a British situation comedy that ran for nineteen episodes over two series in 1976 featuring Arthur Mullard and Queenie Watts in the lead roles, it was written by Ronald Chesney and Ronald Wolfe. Produced and directed by Stuart Allen for London Weekend Television, it was screened by the ITV network during 1976, and marked an early regular TV appearance of the comedian Mike Reid.
A sequel to Chesney and Wolfe's earlier series "Romany Jones" (1972–75), the characters Wally and Lily Briggs (Mullard and Watts) have left their caravan for a new life in a council house. The new series introduced Wally's brother Benny, the first acting role for the "EastEnders" and "Snatch" star Mike Reid of "The Comedians" fame.
The series, which gained modest ratings, has the reputation of being one of the worst ever sitcoms.
DVD release.
The two series of six and thirteen episodes were released on Region 2 DVD by Network. 

</doc>
<doc id="18962842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962842" title="Gregor Virant">
Gregor Virant

Gregor Virant (born 4 December 1969) is a Slovenian politician and public servant, currently serving as Minister of the Interior and Public Administration in the government of Alenka Bratušek. Between 2004-2008, he served as Minister of Public Administration in Janez Janša's first government, and between 2011–2013 he was President of the National Assembly of Slovenia.
He is the leader of the Civic List, until April 2012 named "Gregor Virant's Civic List", a liberal political party established in October 2011 to compete in the 2011 parliamentary election.
Life.
Virant was born in Ljubljana. He studied law at the University of Ljubljana and at Glasgow Caledonian University. Between 1995 and 1999, he worked as a legal adviser to the Constitutional Court of Slovenia. He resides in Domžale.
Public servant career.
In 2000, he was appointed secretary-general at the Ministry of Interior (led by Peter Jambrek) in the short lived centre-right government of Andrej Bajuk. He also remained in office during the centre-left governments of Janez Drnovšek and Anton Rop. During that period, he was one of the authors of the reform of public administration, introducing professionalism in public servant posts.
Political career.
Virant resigned from office shortly before the 2004 parliamentary elections, in which he ran as a candidate for the Slovenian National Assembly on the list of the Slovenian Democratic Party. However, he never joined the party.
After the electoral victory of the Slovenian Democratic Party in 2004, Virant became the head of the newly created Ministry of Public Administration in the first government led by Janez Janša. He launched a thorough reform of the public service in Slovenia, which included modernization and economizing of the service. In the last years of Janša's government, Virant frequently ranked as the most popular minister and one of the most popular politicians in Slovenia. 
After the 2008 parliamentary elections, in which the Slovenian Democratic Party lost to the left-wing coalition headed by the Social Democrat leader Borut Pahor, Virant was replaced as minister by Irma Pavlinič Krebs of the "Zares" party. 
In December 2008, Virant was elected chairman of the Rally for the Republic (), a civic platform founded in 2004 to promote classical liberal, patriotic, republican, and liberal-conservative values in Slovenian public life. Between 2009 and 2011, he was also member of the Council of Experts of the Slovenian Democratic Party, the main opposition party's shadow government.
In October 2011, he announced he would run for parliament in the 2011 parliamentary election on an independent ticket. According to an opinion poll released soon after the announcement, Virant was seen as the most appropriate choice for prime minister by the plurality of voters.
On 4 December, Virant was elected to the Slovenian National Assembly as the leader of the Gregor Virant's Civic List. On 21 December, with the votes of his list, the Slovenian Democratic Party, the Slovenian People's Party, New Slovenia and the Democratic Party of Pensioners of Slovenia, he became the President of the Assembly, thus defeating the candidate of Positive Slovenia party, Maša Kociper. He succeeded Ljubo Germič. On 24 April, he was reelected as the president of the party.
Family life.
Virant is married. He is the son-in-law of the politician Miha Brejc. His cousin, Mija Janković, is married to Zoran Janković, the mayor of Ljubljana and a former president of the Positive Slovenia party.

</doc>
<doc id="18962847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962847" title="The Saunders Brothers Show">
The Saunders Brothers Show

The Saunders Brothers Show is a Canadian Comedy/Celtic band from Nova Scotia. Billed as "East Coast music with a twist", the band is well known for their outrageously comedic bantering demeanor and audience participation, complemented by extreme flexibility in terms of musical genres, ranging from folk and country/pop to Gospel and East Coast traditional all flavored with a unique twist.
Biography.
The band was formed in 2006 by brothers Ed and Terry Saunders plus Brian Smeltzer. The band's first media exposure occurred in April 2006 when their comedic song "Hot Wings" was featured on Q-104, Halifax's leading rock station at the time.
The band's popularity grew steadily over the summer of 2006, culminating in November 2006 when the band recorded their first single, the pop/rock flavored "Hallelujah" at Nova Scotia's Denmark productions. The song, which released in time for the holiday season 2006, was well-received, being included on the holiday playlists of fifteen different radio stations.
By this time, the band was doing regular gigs all across Nova Scotia. In May 2007, the Saunders Brothers Show released their debut self-titled album, again through Denmark Productions. The CD release, held at the Frigate pub in Halifax, sold three times the number of CDs that were normally sold at such events in the pub. The band were thereafter faced with a steady stream of gigs, including weddings and parties in addition to a variety of bars and restaurants. Several tracks from the album, notably "I love you, but then I ain't too bright" and the ribald "Me love is Me Boat" were heard frequently on radio stations from Ashford to Cape Breton.
In November 2007, production began on the second Saunders Brothers Show album. Originally titled "Yeah, We Do Gospel Too" the album was a dramatic change of pace from the Brother's previous work, which had included such tracks as the satirically flirtatious "Belly yourselves to the bar, girls" and the lurid "Me Love is Me Boat". The proceeds from the album—which released in June of that same year, under the name "Gospel-ish"--were used to pay for the restoration of the Indian Harbour Community Church.
Stage Presence.
The entertainment from a Saunders Brothers Show comes as much from the humorous banter between the band members, between specific members and the audience, and occasionally the staff of the establishment and the band members. The Brothers incorporate a great deal of humour into their show in the form of dialogues between (and during) songs, jokes, and non sequiturs.
They are experts at gauging the interests and attitudes of given audiences and can subtly tailor every show to its complete entertainment potential, and some reviewers postulate this is why so many fans return for repeat shows. Wherever the venue, a Saunders Brothers Show inevitably involves sexually suggestive humour, intense entertainer/audience interaction, and a great deal of laughter.
A good example of the unique style of the Saunders Brothers Show is Bar Hopper, a Vietnamese carved wooden frog that appears at many Saunders Brothers Shows. Bar Hopper has a series of carved ridges on its back, and when the band plays the song "Old Black Toad", Ed Saunders scrapes a hollow wooden rod across these ridges to produce a crackling noise that is heard throughout the song. In January 2008, the Brothers held a contest inviting fans to submit their name ideas for the little wooden toad. Fan Chris Keheler suggested Bar Hopper, which the Brothers selected as the winning name, and have introduced the toad as such ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="18962865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962865" title="Agridi, Achaea">
Agridi, Achaea

Agridi () is a village in the municipal unit of Aroania, Achaea, Greece. As of 2001, it had a population of 106. The village is situated in a mountainous area, 2 km northwest of Aroania and 19 km southwest of Kalavryta.

</doc>
<doc id="18962869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962869" title="John Dudgeon">
John Dudgeon

John Dudgeon (1837 – 1901) was a Scottish physician who spent nearly 40 years in China as a doctor, surgeon, translator, and medical missionary.
Dudgeon attended the University of Edinburgh and the University of Glasgow, in the latter of which he graduated M.D. and Master of Surgery in 1862. In 1863, he was appointed to the Medical Mission of the London Missionary Society to serve at the hospital in Peking established by William Lockhart, arriving in China in December 1863. He was also Medical Attendant to the British Legation in Peking (modern-day Beijing) from 1864-1868. Dudgeon was appointed Professor of Anatomy and Physiology at the Imperial College (Tongwen guan) during the 1870s and 1880s. In "Wanderings in China", Constance Frederica Gordon Cumming wrote:
He was an accomplished Chinese scholar, and during his long residence at Pekin he studied the manners and customs of the inhabitants, and the semi-annual reports that he forwarded to the Chinese Maritime Customs Service contain a large amount of valuable information regarding the climatic condition, physical features and drainage, and general habits of the people bearing upon health. He was the author of an "Historical Sketch of the Ecclesiastical, Political, and Commercial Relation of Russia with China", of a Chinese work 脱影奇观 "On the Principles and Practice of Photography", the first of its kind, and of an article in the "Pekin Magazine" (in Chinese) on the virtues of quinine, in which he pointed out the dangers of the imported spurious article. To the "Chinese Medical Journal" he contributed papers on "A Modern Chinese Anatomist", and "A Chapter on Chinese Surgery". He also made several contributions to other medical journals, especially on subjects connected with the medical practice and "materia medica" of China. Various editions of his Kung Fu books are still available to purchase : "Kung Fu or Taoist Medical Gymnastics: The Art of Shaolin Kung Fu, Traditional Chinese Medicine and Qigong Beginning Practice" and "Chinese healing arts: Internal Kung-Fu" co authored with William Berk. Over a period of 10 years he translated both Gray's Anatomy and Holden's Osteology into an 18 volume Chinese edition. 
Dudgeon said that in China, "Infanticide does not prevail to the extent so generally believed among us, and in the north it does not exist at all."
Dudgeon resigned from the London Mission Society in 1884 after conflicts over the prioritisation of evangelical and medical work. Thereafter he continued in private practice in Peking until his death in February 1901.
References.
"This article incorporates text from an obituary published in "The British Medical Journal", March 16, 1901, now in the public domain."

</doc>
<doc id="18962876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962876" title="Jochen Bleicken">
Jochen Bleicken

Jochen Bleicken (3 September 1926 in Westerland, Sylt – 24 February 2005 in Hamburg) was a German professor of ancient history.
Biography.
The son of a salesman, Bleicken studied from 1948 to 1954 history and classical philology at the universities of Kiel and Frankfurt. He wrote his doctorate at the chair of Alfred Heuß at Kiel in 1954 and after his habilitation in 1962 became a professor of history in Hamburg, Frankfurt and from 1977 in Göttingen. He retired in 1991 but gave lectures until 1999.
His focus was on the history of the Roman republic and the Principate, where his works gained importance like the structure of the Roman republic and a biography of Augustus.
From 1978 he was member of the Göttingen Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="18962881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962881" title="Anglican Diocese of Lusaka">
Anglican Diocese of Lusaka

The Anglican Diocese of Lusaka is one of 15 dioceses within the Province of Central Africa. It came into being as The Diocese of Northern Rhodesia in 1910 and changed its name in 1971. The current Bishop is The Rt Rev David Njovu.

</doc>
<doc id="18962885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962885" title="David Andreoff Evans">
David Andreoff Evans

David A. Evans (born 1948, St Louis, USA) is the president, CEO, and chief scientist of JustSystems Evans Research, Inc. (JSERI). He is a prominent figure in the field of computational linguistics, best known for research on work in indexing using natural language processing, and in ontology learning, especially in medical informatics.
He attended Stanford University, receiving his Ph.D. in Computational Linguistics there in 1982.
He was on the faculty of Carnegie Mellon University from 1983 until 1996, and founded their Computational Linguistics Program and Laboratory for Computational Linguistics (1986). In 1993, his research was spun-out from Carnegie-Mellon, as Claritech. Claritech became a research and development subsidiary of JustSystems and its name was change to Clairvoyance Corporation in 1996, before becoming JSERI in 2007.
Contributions.
He has made many contributions to the field of computational linguistics and information retrieval, authoring books, many research papers and 24 US patents.
From 1988 onwards, he developed the CLARIT system, one of the first large scale information indexing and extraction systems based on syntactic language analysis and ontology discovery. CLARIT has participated in the first Text REtrieval Conferences (TREC), in the multilingual CLEF (Cross Language Evaluation Forum), and in the Asian NTCIR] (NII Test Collection for IR Systems) Evaluations.
Evans was elected a Fellow of the American College of Medical Informatics in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18962886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962886" title="Captured (Christian Bautista album)">
Captured (Christian Bautista album)

Captured is the third studio album (fourth overall) by Filipino singer Christian Bautista, released in the Philippines on July 20, 2008 by Warner Music Philippines. The album consists of twelve tracks, including a duet with Sitti, which is also the title track. Its singles include "The One Who Won My Heart", "Captured", and "Limutin na Lang". The album has reached Platinum status by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry, selling over 30,000 units in the country.
Background.
After nearly two years since the release of his last album "Just a Love Song... Live!" in 2006, Christian Bautista started working on a new album, "Captured". In a press release by Warner Music Philippines, Bautista explained: 
For the first time since his debut in the Philippine music industry, he collaborated with other legendary male Filipino artists such as Martin Nievera and Ogie Alcasid, who wrote songs for the album. His brother, Joshua, also wrote a song, "Hope", for the album.
Track listing.
All tracks were produced by Neil Gregorio.
Personnel.
Credits were taken from "Titik Pilipino".

</doc>
<doc id="18962889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962889" title="Ōsaki, Tokyo">
Ōsaki, Tokyo

Rissho University, its predecessor established in 1580 and reorganized into a university in 1924, is a private university with the main campus in Ōsaki. The 55th Prime Minister of Japan Tanzan Ishibashi served as this school's president from 1952 to 1968.
Ōsaki is now one of the seven officially designated by the Tokyo Metropolis.
Economy.
MOS Burger has its headquarters in the ThinkPark Tower in Ōsaki. Lawson has its headquarters in the East Tower of Gate City Ohsaki in Ōsaki.
Transportation.
Ōsaki is well connected to other areas in Tokyo through rail and road transport. Ōsaki Station is on the Yamanote line. Ōsaki also has Ōsaki-Hirokōji Station on the Tōkyū Ikegami Line.

</doc>
<doc id="18962896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962896" title="Bending the Landscape">
Bending the Landscape

Bending the Landscape is the title of an award-winning series of LGBT-themed anthologies of short speculative fiction edited by Nicola Griffith and Stephen Pagel. Three books were produced, subtitled "Science Fiction", "Fantasy" and "Horror", between 1997 and 2002.
The editors asked contributors to "imagine a different landscape... some milieu that had not happened" and then address the theme of Alien or Other, with the Other being a lesbian or gay man.
Each of the volumes won LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender) or genre awards, including winning a World Fantasy Award, two Lambda Literary Awards and two Gaylactic Spectrum Awards; some individual stories contained within were also recipients of awards and nominations.
Themes.
The editors asked contributors to "imagine a different landscape... some milieu that had not happened" and then address the theme of Alien or Other, with the Other being a lesbian or gay man. However the stories were not specifically aimed at a gay readership. Mark R. Kelly's review in locus magazine bemoaned the anthologies lack of thematic breadth.
Awards.
Each of the volumes won LGBT or genre awards, including winning a World Fantasy Award, two Lambda Literary Awards and two Gaylactic Spectrum Awards; some individual stories contained within were also recipients of awards and nominations.
"Bending the Landscape: Fantasy".
Published in 1997.
"Bending the Landscape: Science Fiction".
Published in 1998.
Bending the Landscape: Horror.
Published in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18962900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962900" title="Adam Greendale">
Adam Greendale

Adam Greendale (born 17 September 1988) is a professional rugby union player. A fly-half, he is an England Under-19 and Under-20 international. Greendale currently plays for Leeds Carnegie. He previously played for Otley and Rotherham Titans.
In 2009 he was loaned to Bedwas and was selected for the Newport Gwent Dragons regional team against Sale Sharks on 6 November 2009, making his debut as a second half replacement.

</doc>
<doc id="18962901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962901" title="Sol Phryne">
Sol Phryne

The Sol Phryne was a ferry of Sol Maritime Services Ltd. She was bought by the Palestine Liberation Organisation and sunk on 16 February 1988.
The "Sol Phryne" was built in Japan in 1947 as "Taisetsu Maru". 
From 1967 to 1974, she was owned by Efthymiades Line and used for regular ferry duties between Greek islands as "Eolis". In 1974, she was purchased by Sol Maritime Services Ltd., renamed "Sol Phryne" and was then used in the Middle East, notably evacuating Palestinian guerrillas from Beirut in 1982. She was sunk during an attempt to ferry Palestinian deportees to Haifa, Israel.
Voyage.
The 6,151-ton "Sol Phryne" was purchased in some secrecy by the Palestine Liberation Organisation and renamed "Al Awda" ("the Return"). The PLO planned to symbolically ferry 135 Palestinian deportees and, if they accepted the short notice invitation, hundreds of journalists and other observers, to the port of Haifa for a "journey of return" echoing the journey of the "Exodus".
Israeli Defence Minister Yitzhak Rabin stated that Israel would oppose the voyage ""in whatever ways we find", while Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir labeled the journey ""a declaration of war"".
A different, chartered ship had been scheduled to sail from Piraeus on 9 February, but the departure was postponed several times because Greek ship owners feared commercial retaliations from Israel if their vessel was used. With this difficulty chartering a ship, on 13 February 1988 the PLO purchased the aging "Sol Phryne" in Limassol, Cyprus at auction for $600,000. By the time of the sinking the crew of the ship had not been informed of the new owners.
On 15 February, three high-ranking military officials of the PLO were assassinated in Limassol by a remote-controlled bomb planted on their car.
18 hours later, on the night of 15 February, a limpet mine attached to the hull exploded and holed a fuel tank of the "Sol Phryne", flooding it and causing the ship to list. No casualties were reported but this ended the attempt. Yassar Arafat alleged that this was done by Israeli frogmen but did not provide any evidence to support his claim, The "Sol Phryne" was raised and transferred to Bijela, in Yugoslavia.
As Time reported, ""Israel officially denied complicity in the car bombing but hardly bothered to conceal its role in disabling the ferry"" and suspicions of Israeli involvement were further reinforced when Israeli Transport Minister Chaim Corfu threatened that, if a further attempt was made by the PLO, ""its fate will be the same"". Fuad al-Bitar, Athens representative of the PLO told an Athens news conference that ""it is clear that the only one interested"" in the sabotage was Israel. In July 2008, Haaretz referred to this attack, without admitting Israeli responsibility, in the context of the threatened but ultimately successful "Free Gaza" breaking of Israel's blockade of Gaza.
Three claims of responsibility were made, two of them being:

</doc>
<doc id="18962931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962931" title="Alex McCulloch">
Alex McCulloch

Alex McCulloch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18962940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962940" title="Lonchoptera">
Lonchoptera

Lonchoptera, a genus of spear-winged flies (Lonchopteridae), are tiny to small (2-5mm), slender, yellow to brownish-black bristly Diptera. Their common name refers to their subacute (pointed) wings, which have a distinct and sexually dimorphic venation. The larvae are dorsally flattened, with two pairs of head bristles, and feed on rotting vegetable matter., including in one case brussels sprouts.
This genus can be distinguished from other spear-winged flies by several traits:

</doc>
<doc id="18962948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962948" title="Springville Township">
Springville Township

Springville Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18962953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962953" title="Humaira Begum">
Humaira Begum

Humaira Begum (1918 – 26 June 2002) (Pashto: حميرا بېگم) was the wife of King Mohammed Zahir Shah and the last Queen consort of Afghanistan.
Marriage.
Humaira Begum was the daughter of "Sardar" Ahmad Shah Khan and his first wife Zarin Begum. She married her cousin the Crown Prince of Afghanistan Mohammed Zahir on 7 November 1931. Together they had six sons and two daughters:
Queen of Afghanistan.
On 8 November 1933 after the assassination of her father in law Mohammed Nadir Shah her husband was proclaimed King and Humaira became Queen of Afghanistan.
In 1946 Queen Humaira created the "Women's Society" which was the first ever women's institute in Afghanistan. In 1959 she supported the call by the Prime minister Mohammed Daoud Khan for women to voluntary removal the veil by removing her own.
Exile.
In 1973, while her husband was in Italy undergoing eye surgery as well as therapy for lumbago, his cousin and former Prime Minister Mohammed Daoud Khan staged a "coup d'état" and established a republican government. Daoud Khan had been removed from office by Zahir Shah a decade earlier. In the August following this coup, Zahir Shah abdicated rather than risk an all-out civil war.
Humaira and Zahir Shah spent their twenty-nine years in exile in Italy living in a relatively modest four-bedroom villa in the affluent community of Olgiata on Via Cassia, north of the city of Rome. The king never had feathered any nests in foreign bank accounts, and he depended on the generosity of friends.
Death.
Just weeks before she was to return to Afghanistan and be reunited with her husband who recently had returned, Begum was admitted to hospital with breathing problems and heart trouble and died two days later.
Her body was returned to Afghanistan and was greeted at the airport by military personnel, tribal representatives in traditional robes, and cabinet ministers from Hamid Karzai's government. Memorial and funeral services were also held for her in two Kabul mosques. Her remains were buried in the Royal Mausoleum in Kabul.

</doc>
<doc id="18962967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962967" title="Midbody">
Midbody

Midbody may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18962983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962983" title="Community Health Funding Report">
Community Health Funding Report

Community Health Funding Report is a news service (or newsletter) published in 
Silver Spring, MD by CD Publications.
"CHF" reports on sources of funding for healthcare concerns, such as substance abuse, teen pregnancy, minority healthcare, maternal/child health, chronic illness, mental health and HIV/AIDS programs. It also covers activities of Congress and federal agencies.
History.
CD Publications began producing housing-related newsletters in 1961, starting with "Housing Affairs Letter". The company branched out into senior affairs with "Aging News Alert" in 1984, and into grant-seeking with "Federal Assistance Monitor" in 1986. "Community Health Funding Report" was added in 1990.
Acquisitions.
In the second half of 2004, CD Publications acquired "Health Grants & Contracts Weekly" from LRP Publications of Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, and folded it into "Community Health Funding Report", which was retitled "Community Health Funding Week" until 2006 when it reverted to the original title and frequency.
Current Coverage.
"CHF" posts grant announcements, interviews, advice columns, case studies and budget updates. It also reports on healthcare reform and model programs.
Expansion.
In 2007, "CHF" was changed to a web-based format and, along with CD Publications' other funding news services, was moved onto the web portal GrantsandFunding.net.

</doc>
<doc id="18962987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18962987" title="Suzuki TS series">
Suzuki TS series

The Suzuki TS series is a family of two-stroke, dual-sport motorcycles produced by Suzuki Motors from 1969 to present (TS185ER only, and available in a few countries) and sold in many countries. Most of the TS line had an air-cooled engine and most models were introduced alongside the closely related TM (Motocross) or TC (trail) models,TF(farm) and also the DS (for Dirt Sport, which had no turn signals, and simplified lighting) which in most cases shared engine and chassis designs. Suzuki's first mass market motocross bike, the TM250, was introduced in 1972 and was based on the TS-250 that first hit the market in 1969. The TS series were the first Suzuki trail bikes sold on the mass market. They were robust, reliable and performed well. They were best suited to unsealed roads or off road in dry conditions-the limit being the lack of tyre grip with the standard tyre. Possibly the pick of the models was the TS185 which is actually lighter than the 125 by a few lbs(3kg) and nearly the power of the 250 but with a much more free revving motor. The 250 is 62 lbs(about 26kg) heavier than the 185. The larger TS series, 125 and over had piston port engines while the smaller TS series-90 and 100 had rotary valve induction, until the introduction of the ER series motors. With the only major redesign of the motors of this series, the new range shifted to a combined reed-valve and piston port type. A factory race kit was available for the TS90 which consisted of an expansion chamber,light piston and rings,carburetor and harder(colder range) plug and head which increased the size to 100cc. In the North American market a 175cc race kit was available for the TS185. The 175 size was to match an established class. It consisted of an expansion chamber, new cylinder and head,piston,thin rings,larger carburetor and much lower gearing. Different gearing was available for most models. The TF model(Mud Bug) was developed and sold mainly in New Zealand and Australia. The TF series was made in three sizes; 100cc, 125cc and 185cc engines. These bikes were based on the ER range. The TF125 is still in production. It came standard with 2 side stands with large bases,a large rear carrier,headlight and lever protection, a single seat, bash plate, large mud flaps and knobby tyres.
The very similar TC series was heavily based on the TS series in main, with dual range gearboxes being a common feature. The TC185 also features Dyno Starter, a DC electric combined DC generator/starter motor.
Models.
Model names also may have a suffix. For example the 'ER' series popular in Britain such as the TS100ERN, the TS100ERT and TS100ERX which were air-cooled twin-shock models made between 1979 and 1981 with only very minor technical and cosmetic differences between them. They were then superseded by the mono-shock TS100X model.
Transmission.
Wet clutch pack, with sequential manual. 
1977: A blue Suzuki TS400 was used in the 1977 film starring James Brolin, "The Car."
1972: A red Suzuki TS400 was used in the Primetime Emmy-winning TV Movie, "Gargoyles."

</doc>
<doc id="18963001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963001" title="USNS Cheyenne (T-AG-174)">
USNS Cheyenne (T-AG-174)

USNS "Cheyenne" (T-AG-174) was a acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1962, crewed by a civilian crew from the Military Sea Transportation Service, and sent to the Philippines to serve as a delivery ship of parts and supplies to other Navy ships and stations in the Asian area. "Cheyenne" remained in the Philippines, issuing parts and other supplies, until the late 1960s. In 1966 she changed home port to Pusan Korea and was manned by Korean merchant seaman. AT that time she was one of 4 cargo ships and 19 USNS LSTs operating out of the MSTS Office Pusan primarily providing support in the Viet Nam theater. Her Master was a former ROK Navy Captain, best known as 'Speedy Pak'. She was struck by the Navy in 1973. (Korea information provided by the Executive Officer of the MSTS Office Pusan 1967-68.)
Built in Portland, Oregon.
"Cheyenne" was constructed as the victory ship SS "Middlesex Victory" under U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MCV-693) at Oregon Shipbuilding Corporation, Portland, Oregon. She was launched on 26 June 1945 and renamed SS "Wyoming" in 1947. In 1963, she was placed in-service as USNS "Cheyenne" (T-AG-174), a "Special Project Ship", manned by the Military Sea Transportation Service with a civilian crew.
Vietnam War operations.
DANFS has no information on the operation of this ship. However, a review of the history of and indicates her operations to be similar to theirs: acting as a point to point cargo carrier, delivering military supplies to Okinawa and Vietnam from stocking points in Japan and Subic Bay.
Post-war decommissioning.
Along with "Phoenix" and "Provo", "Cheyenne" was struck from the Navy List on 15 June 1973 and disposed of by MARAD sale, 1 May 1973. Her ultimate fate is not known.

</doc>
<doc id="18963011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963011" title="Colin Bell (disambiguation)">
Colin Bell (disambiguation)

Colin Bell (born 1946) was an English former international footballer.
Colin Bell may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18963040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963040" title="Gapper (surname)">
Gapper (surname)

Gapper is a surname originating in the French aristocracy, at the height of their power they owned and governed vast stretches in France and southern England, as well as the appropriate titles and honors.

</doc>
<doc id="18963049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963049" title="Zweli Mkhize">
Zweli Mkhize

Zweli Lawrence Mkhize (born 2 February 1956, Willowfontein, Pietermaritzburg) is a South African doctor, legislator and politician. He was designated on 30 April 2009 as the African National Congress candidate for Premier of KwaZulu-Natal and was elected to that position by the provincial legislature on 6 May. He is also the newest chancellor of the University of KwaZulu-Natal.
Mkhize resigned on August 22, 2013 and was succeeded by ANC Chairman Senzo Mchunu as Acting Premier of KwaZulu-Natal.

</doc>
<doc id="18963053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963053" title="Sandtoft, Lincolnshire">
Sandtoft, Lincolnshire

Sandtoft is a hamlet in the civil parish of Belton, North Lincolnshire, England.
Sandtoft is in Hatfield Chase on the Isle of Axholme, north-west from Epworth.
Sandtoft has a public house, The Reindeer Inn.
RAF Sandtoft was an RAF Bomber Command airbase. It opened in April 1944, closed in November 1945 and was sold for civilian uses in 1955. Today part of the site is Sandtoft Airfield and The Trolleybus Museum at Sandtoft, Europe's largest trolleybus museum, is on another part.

</doc>
<doc id="18963054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963054" title="2008 Wah bombing">
2008 Wah bombing

The 2008 Wah bombing was a double suicide attack on the Pakistan Ordnance Factories (POF) in Wah, Pakistan, on 21 August 2008. The attack, which killed at least 70 and wounded over 100, is the deadliest on a military site in Pakistan's history. Both bombers detonated themselves at the factory's gates while workers were changing shifts.
Background.
The Pakistan Ordnance Factories (POF) in Wah, Pakistan, is the center of the country's defence industry. Nearly 25,000 workers are employed there to produce explosives, weapons and other conventional arms and ammunition.
Since July 2007, the northwest region of Pakistan, has been the site of a wave of militant violence, in which hundreds of militants and Pakistani security force members have been killed. Violence in the region had subsided after the new coalition government, which came to power after the February 2008 general election, had begun talks with tribal leader Baitullah Mehsud. However, violence resumed when Mehsud suspended talks in June. Following an impeachment movement launched by major opposition parties, the President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf resigned on 18 August 2008, ending his nine years as head of the country.
Responsibility.
Maulvi Omar, a spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban, said his group the Tehrik-e-Taliban had carried out the attacks, which he said were in response to military operations against militants in the Bajaur region which began on 6 August 2008 and has cost the lives of perhaps hundreds of civilians and forced some 300,000 people to flee from their homes. He warned that if the Pakistani government continues operations there, "we will continue such attacks". He further stated that the "Wah factory is a killer factory where arms are being produced to kill our women and children."
A third bomber, Hamidullah did not carry out his attack and was subsequently arrested.
Government response.
In a message, Dr Fahmida Mirza, Speaker of the National Assembly, and Faisal Karim Kundi, Deputy Speaker, said it was a barbaric act of terrorism, which reflected inhumane and callous nature of the perpetrators. They said that a few misguided people were trying to disrupt peace in the country and derail the peaceful democratic process but they will not succeed in their nefarious designs. They said the criminals behind attacks were playing with the lives of innocent people without realising that they cannot save themselves from the wrath of Allah.
The United Nations Security Council met to officially condemn the terrorist attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="18963089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963089" title="RQW Women's Championship">
RQW Women's Championship

The Real Quality Wrestling (RQW) Women's Championship is a professional wrestling championship in Real Quality Wrestling. It is competed for in independent promotions across Britain and Europe, most notably for RQW and its subordinate promotions , World Association of Women's Wrestling and SAS Wrestling. Title reigns are determined by professional wrestling matches with different wrestlers, involved in pre-existing scripted feuds, plots and storylines. Wrestlers are portrayed as either villains or fan favorites as they follow a series of tension-building events, which culminate into a wrestling match or series of matches for the championship.
History.
The RQW Women's Championship was established in April 2006. The first champion, Erin Angel was crowned at "A Night of Champions" in an evening that also saw the RQW Heavyweight Championship awarded. Angel was later stripped due to inactivity. On November 19, 2011 the title was declared vacant after Britani Knight signed with WWE. The current champion is Sammi Baynz who defeated liberty to win the title.
Title History.
As of , .

</doc>
<doc id="18963091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963091" title="Tual">
Tual

Tual may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18963096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963096" title="2007 Open de Moselle – Doubles">
2007 Open de Moselle – Doubles

Richard Gasquet and Fabrice Santoro were the defending champions, but chose not to participate that year.
Arnaud Clément and Michaël Llodra won in the final 6–1, 6–4, against Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski.

</doc>
<doc id="18963099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963099" title="Amphigeneia">
Amphigeneia

Amphigeneia () was a city in ancient Greece. It was located in either Messenia or in Triphylia. According to Strabo it was situated at the river Hypsoeis, and there was a sanctuary of Leto in the city. According to Homer, it belonged to Nestor of Pylos. Pausanias visited the area but does not mention the city, which might indicate that it had been abandoned before the 2nd century AD. The ancient Eleans believed that Apollo was born here. The location of the ancient city is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18963101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963101" title="Wick-A-Te-Wah, Michigan">
Wick-A-Te-Wah, Michigan

Wick-A-Te-Wah (or Wic-a-te-wah) is an unincorporated summer resort area of Onekama Township, Manistee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is located on the south shore of Portage Lake at , between the Portage Lake Bible Camp Camp Delight on the east and Red Park on the west.
History.
Mr. H. Ward Leonard, a developer from Manistee, developed this area as a summer resort in the early 1900s. In 1917, Leonard issued a brochure describing the property and the availability of lots for sale .

</doc>
<doc id="18963117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963117" title="Hayden-Harnett">
Hayden-Harnett

Hayden-Harnett is a Brooklyn-based fashion company that produces handbags, accessories, and apparel, founded by Toni Hacker and Benjamin Harnett in 2005. Hayden-Harnett was recently chosen by Target Corporation to design a limited edition national diffusion collection for spring 2009 delivery at Target stores. In a relatively short time span, this indie design company which began offering just handbags and accessories, gained cult appeal.
Hayden-Harnett's products are sold through its website and can be found in department stores like Nordstrom and Anthropologie in the United States, and Mitsukoshi, in Japan, as well as at hundreds of small boutiques around the world and at their Greenpoint, Brooklyn store-front. Their Greenpoint design:shop anchors the north end of the burgeoning shopping area on Franklin Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18963144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963144" title="Kingdom Hall (disambiguation)">
Kingdom Hall (disambiguation)

Kingdom Hall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18963153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963153" title="Monitor (TV)">
Monitor (TV)

Monitor was an NBC newsmagazine series in 1983. NBC News created this series as a platform to possibly challenge the success of CBS's "60 Minutes". After being initially broadcast on Saturdays at 10 P.M. Eastern time, the show was moved to Sundays at 7 P.M. Eastern time, going head-to-head with "60", and renamed "First Camera".
Production was based in Washington, DC, with offices in the Tenley Circle area immediately east of NBC's Nebraska Avenue studios. Lloyd Dobyns, the shows host, appeared in a stark white modernistic set. In the absence of a theme composed especially for the show, producers opted to use the opening minute of "Piano Concerto No. 1 In D-Flat Major, Op. 10: I Allegro brioso" by Sergei Prokofiev, feeling that it added gravitas to the show—something they hoped would set them apart from ABC's lightweight "20/20". 
In test audiences (including one in which future NBC anchor Sarah James was a college student), the show did not test well, but producers refused to change the format. The first episode featured an extended story on Bobby Czyz, a light heavyweight boxer from New Jersey. The show placed last in its time period in national ratings in its debut and was one of the least-watched programs in all of prime time.
"Monitor" failed to attract viewers. The Prokofiev score brought complaints and was compared to a funeral dirge.
Despite attempts to add anchors to broaden its appeal, and changing the title to "First Camera", the show was removed from the NBC schedule several months after the makeover.
Earlier, from 1955 to 1975, a program named "Monitor" was broadcast on NBC Radio, but it was unrelated to this television news show.

</doc>
<doc id="18963166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963166" title="Midbody (cell biology)">
Midbody (cell biology)

The midbody (or Flemming body) is a transient structure found in mammalian cells and is present near the end of cytokinesis just prior to the complete separation of the dividing cells. The structure was first described by Walther Flemming in 1891.
The midbody structure contains bundles of microtubules derived from the mitotic spindle which compacts during the final stages of cell division. It has a typical diameter of 1 micrometre and a length of 3 to 5 micrometres. Aside from microtubules it also contains various proteins involved in cytokinesis, asymmetric cell division, and chromosome segregation. The midbody is important for completing the final stages of cytokinesis, a process called abscission, although its precise role in these processes is not clear.

</doc>
<doc id="18963176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963176" title="Suez Canal University">
Suez Canal University

The Suez Canal University is an Egyptian university serving the Suez Canal area, having its faculties divided among the Suez Canal governorates (Port Said, Suez & Ismailia Governorates). It was established in 1976. It is notable for its non-classic research. It has 28 faculties (12 in Ismaïlia, 9 in Port Said, 5 in Suez and 2 in Arish) with a total number of students reaching 21,325.
The University has about 53 special units for research, education and community development.

</doc>
<doc id="18963184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963184" title="23S methyl RNA motif">
23S methyl RNA motif

The 23S methyl RNA motif is a conserved RNA structure found upstream of genes predicted to encode rRNA methyltransferases, possibly for 23S rRNA. However, in one case it is far (3 kilobases) from the rRNA methyltransferase gene. Nonetheless, it was proposed that this RNA could be a cis-regulatory element, an attractive hypothesis in view of the fact that rRNA methyltransferases can bind RNA, and therefore presumably the 23S methyl RNA. This regulatory strategy is common in bacteria to control levels of ribosomal subunits, using RNA motifs called ribosomal leaders. Additionally, 23S methyl RNAs have rho-independent transcription terminators downstream, which could be a mechanism of regulation.
The 23S methyl RNA is found exclusively in the order of bacteria called Lactobacillales.

</doc>
<doc id="18963192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963192" title="Tarryall (ghost town), Colorado">
Tarryall (ghost town), Colorado

Tarryall is a ghost town in northwest Park County, Colorado, United States. The town was located on upper Tarryall Creek northwest of Como, Colorado. It was once the county seat of Park County, but is now completely deserted.
History.
The town was founded in 1859 during the Colorado Gold Rush after the discovery of placer gold in Tarryall Creek. The "Tarryall diggings", as well as other discoveries, prompted a flood of prospectors into South Park via Ute Pass and Kenosha Pass. Most newly arriving miners found that all available land for mining along the Tarryall Creek had been completely claimed by earlier arrivals, and much resentment ensued. It was thought that the earlier miners had claimed much more land than a man could reasonably work, and latecomers called Tarryall "Grab All". Another mining town, founded not far away on the Middle Fork of the South Platte River, was named Fairplay as a dig at Tarryall.
A US post office opened in Tarryall on 4 Jan. 1860. The town very briefly served as the county seat of Park County, from the organization of the county on 1 Nov. 1861 until the county seat was moved to Buckskin Joe (now also a ghost town) on 7 Jan. 1862.
The town was located near the junction of North and Middle Tarryall creeks. At its height, Tarryall had a population of several thousand. A marker along U.S. Highway 285 near Como where it crosses Tarryall Creek commemorates the Tarryall diggings and the former town. Decades later a new town named Tarryall was founded 29 miles southeast of the original, and deserted, ghost town of Tarryall.

</doc>
<doc id="18963196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963196" title="Giora Yoseftal">
Giora Yoseftal

Dr Giora Yoseftal (; 9 August 1912 – 23 August 1962) was an Israeli politician who held several ministerial portfolios in the late 1950s and early 1960s.
Biography.
Born in Nuremberg in Germany, Yoseftal was a member of the Yiddisher Yudenbund youth movement in his teens. After high school he studied law and economics at the University of Heidelberg, Berlin, Munich and Basel, gaining a PhD in jurisprudence at the latter.
In 1932, he joined Habonim, and the following year was appoined head of the youth department of the Bavarian Jewish community. He moved to Berlin in 1934, and two years later was elected secretary general of the German branch of HeHalutz. In 1936 he married Senetta Yoseftal, later also an Israeli politician.
Yoseftal made aliyah to Mandate Palestine in 1938, and two months after arriving, he was sent to London to try and save German Jewry. He returned to Palestine in 1939, establishing a work brigade in Ra'anana, which later founded kibbutz Gal'ed in 1945.
In 1943, he joined the British Army. After the war ended, he took over the absorption section of the Jewish Agency's aliyah department. Between 1947 and 1952 he sat on the Agency's board. In 1952 he was a member of the delegations which negotiated the Reparations Agreement between Israel and West Germany.
In 1956, he became secretary-general of Mapai, the ruling party, a role he held until 1959. In the elections that year he was voted into the Knesset on Mapai's list, and was appointed Minister of Labour. He retained his seat in the 1961 elections, and was given the roles of Minister of Housing and Minister of Development. He died in office on 23 August 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="18963203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963203" title="Oliver Green-Wilkinson">
Oliver Green-Wilkinson

The Most Rev Francis Oliver Green-Wilkinson MC (7 May 1913 – 26 August 1970) was an eminent Anglican Archbishop in the third quarter of the 20th century.
He was born into a clerical family and educated at Eton and Magdalen College, Oxford. After distinguished service with the King's Royal Rifle Corps, he was ordained deacon in 1946 and priest a year later. His first post was as a Curate at St Mary, Southampton, after which he was on the staff of "St Alban’s Cathedral, Pretoria " until his elevation to the episcopate as the 4th Bishop of Northern Rhodesia in 1951. After eleven years he was additionally elected Archbishop of Central Africa. A fierce opponent of apartheid and naturalized Zambian, he was killed in a car crash.

</doc>
<doc id="18963210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963210" title="Louis I, Duke of Bar">
Louis I, Duke of Bar

Louis I of Bar (between 1370 and 1375 – 26 June 1430) was a French bishop of the 15th century.
Life.
He was a son of Robert I of Bar and his wife Marie Valois, (daughter of John II of France). As the couple's fifth son, he was destined for a career in the church. He was Bishop of Poitiers from 1391 to 1395 (also being made a cardinal in 1391) before becoming Bishop of Langres (1397–1413), and then Bishop of Châlons-sur-Marne (1413–30). At the same time, he acted as bishop-administrator of Verdun (1419–23 and 1424–30).
He played an important role in French politics after the assassination of the Duke of Orleans in 1407. In 1409, he attended the Council of Pisa with Guy of Roye, Archbishop of Reims, and Peter of Ailly, Bishop of Cambrai. At Volti, near Gênes, a quarrel between the marshals of the town and the Archbishop of Reims degenerated into a riot, with the archbishop being killed and Louis missing-presumed dead. The cardinals, arriving at Pisa, pronounced the decline of popes Benedict XIII of Avignon and Gregory XII of Rome, and elected Pope Alexander V, putting an end to the Great Western Schism.
On the death of his brother Edward III, Duke of Bar at the Battle of Agincourt in 1415, Louis inherited the dukedom and successfully defended his claim to it against that of his brother-in-law Adolphe, Duke of Juliers and of Berg, who felt that, as a clergyman, Louis was not suited to inherit the dukedom and its revenues. In 1419, in order to put an end to the differences that had existed for several centuries between the dukes of Bar and Lorraine, Louis negotiated the marriage of his great-nephew René of Anjou to Isabella, Duchess of Lorraine (daughter and heiress of Charles II, Duke of Lorraine), and entrusted them with ruling the Duchy of Bar in the 1420s.

</doc>
<doc id="18963219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963219" title="Richard Seuss">
Richard Seuss

Richard Seuss (28 August 1897 – 26 September 1963) was an "Oberleutnant zur See" of the Reserves with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves.
Richard Seuss had served with the artillery in World War I and called up when war broke out in 1939 as "Leutnant der Reserve". In January 1941 he transferred to the Kriegsmarine's coastal artillery and became chief of the naval artillery battery "Île de Cézembre" at Saint-Malo on 23 August 1942. The battle for the French harbour city Saint-Malo started after the Allied invasion at Normandy. Fortress commander was "Oberst" Andreas von Aulock and harbour commander was "Kapitän zur See" Werner Endell. The VIII US Army Corps under the command of Major General Troy H. Middleton reached St Malo on 3 August 1944 and by 5 August the city was encircled. "Oberleutnant" Seuss and his artillery battery engaged the US forces, inflicting substantial losses. Richard Seuss was awarded the Knight's Cross for these actions and was taken prisoner of war on 2 September 1944 followed by the Oak Leaves on 2 September 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="18963223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963223" title="Elevation Church">
Elevation Church

Elevation Church in Charlotte, North Carolina, is a Southern Baptist megachurch pastored by Steven Furtick. From 2007 through 2010, Elevation was consistently cited by Outreach Magazine as one of the Top 100 fastest growing churches in the United States. It has been described as "a pop culture-friendly church with an orthodox Christian message".
History.
The church began as a church plant of the Baptist State Convention of North Carolina. As part of a church planting team, Furtick and seven other families from Christ Covenant Church in Shelby, North Carolina, relocated to Matthews, meeting in Providence High School. Over its short history, it has experienced notable growth. On February 5, 2006, the first Sunday worship service, 121 people attended. Since then, the church's regular attendance has grown to over 15,000, currently meeting in 10 different locations.
At the beginning of 2012, Elevation Church hosted a 12-day "Holy Ghost, Old-School Revival" called 'Code Orange Revival' to kick off the year. Guest preachers included LifeChurch.tv founder Craig Groeshel, Jentezen Franklin of Free Chapel, Matt Chandler of The Village Church, Christine Caine of the A21 Campaign, Ed Young Jr. of Fellowship Church, Kevin Gerald of Champion's Centre, Stovall Weems of Celebration Church, Perry Noble of NewSpring Church, T. D. Jakes of The Potter’s House, James MacDonald of Harvest Bible Chapel, and a special night of worship with Grammy award winner and worship leader of Joel Osteen's Lakewood Church, Israel Houghton.
Multi-Site.
Elevation is a multi-site church. Services are held at nine Charlotte-area locations and one Toronto Canada location:
Outside of the Charlotte area, there are 16 extension locations.
Currently there is one more location planned in Ballantyne, NC, as well as a permanent facility planned for Elevation University.
Elevation Network.
In January 2012, Elevation Church launched a 24/7 online video platform called the Elevation Network. According to Furtick, the vision behind the Network is to provide free access to around the clock Gospel preaching "with the sole purpose of reaching people far from God all over the world." The Elevation Network has been cited as a "first-of-its kind" church-based video platform and that it "is just the beginning of an entirely new movement of full-time media outreach on the Web." The content on the Network consists of sermons from the church's archives, creative elements from sermon series, and worship songs created in the church.
Outreach.
Since 2006, Elevation Church has given more than $10 million to local and global outreach partners. In 2011, a partnership with Charlotte Mayor Anthony Foxx was established to give 100,000 hours and $750,000 to serve Charlotte people in "The Orange Initiative." In 2012, the church completed The Orange Initiative with over 102,000 hours served.
In 2008, Elevation Church made headlines when it gave out $40,000 to members, in envelopes filled with $5, $20, even $1,000, and told them to spend it kindly on others.
Since 2010, Elevation Church has hosted a week long outreach called "Love Week." During the church's 2010 "Love Week," thousands of Elevation members packed more than 10,000 sandwiches for the homeless, helped single mothers get their cars serviced, donated blood, cleaned up parks and streets, built a soccer field for local ministries and renovated buildings. In 2011, Elevation and over 25 other local churches served more than 34,000 hours in a single week. In 2012, Elevation partnered with 31 local churches to serve 62 outreach organizations for a total of 50,340 hours around the city of Charlotte, N.C.. More than 4,800 volunteers from Elevation Church and other local churches served at more than 400 events, building houses, stocking food pantries, feeding the hungry and homeless, and holding a senior prom for elderly nursing home residents. Elevation also partnered with Presbyterian Hospital-Matthews to pledge $80,000 to help fund enhancements and expansion at a local free clinic.
In 2012, in response to a need of 1,000 mentors for students in Charlotte-area schools, Elevation Church launched an outreach program called the M1 Initiative, to support the mentoring initiatives of their partner organizations. Lead Pastor, Steven Furtick, seeking to fill the gap of 1,000 needed mentors solely with Elevation members, said, "We have always said we want to be a blessing to our city and support our leaders with a volunteer force they can count on." More than 1,600 members responded and committed to mentoring a child for the 2012-2013 school year.

</doc>
<doc id="18963232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963232" title="Edvinas Krungolcas">
Edvinas Krungolcas

Edvinas Krungolcas (born January 21, 1973) is a retired Lithuanian modern pentathlete who won the silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.
In 21 January 2013 Krungolcas announced about ending hes pentathlete career.

</doc>
<doc id="18963233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963233" title="Red Park, Michigan">
Red Park, Michigan

Red Park is an unincorporated summer resort area of Onekama Township, Manistee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is located on the south shore of Portage Lake at , between Wick-A-Te-Wah on the West and next to Camp Tosebo.
History.
Red Park was established in the early 1900s by a man named Davis as a summer resort colony for people in Manistee, Michigan. The original resort consisted of a small store operated by Mr. and Mrs. James Sandenberg, the only permanent residents, who also acted as the caretaker of the collection of small summer cottages. A bandstand was built in the center of the resort, before 1910.
Early summer residents.
Among the earliest summer residents of this area were the following families:
Sands

</doc>
<doc id="18963238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963238" title="Los Testigos Islands">
Los Testigos Islands

Los Testigos Islands (, Witnesses Islands) are a group of islands in the southeastern Caribbean Sea. They are a part of the "Dependencias Federales" (Federal Dependencies) of Venezuela.
Geography.
The Los Testigos Islands are located about northeast of Caracas and about northeast of Isla Margarita. The coordinates of the main island are .The archipelago has an area of 6.53 square km (2.52 square miles) (1) and consists of 6 major islands and a number of smaller rock islets.
The larger islands are:
The larger rock islets are:
The population is about 200 inhabitants (according to 2001 census) mostly being fishing families. There is a small military base operated by the Venezuelan navy on the main island.
History.
In 1938, the islands were put under the administration of the "Ministerio del Interior y de Justicia" (Ministry of Interior and Justice) (2) as part of the Dependencias Federales.
On August 9, 1972, the islands, together with the other islands of the Dependencias Federales, were declared a national park (3) with the park being established on August 18.

</doc>
<doc id="18963270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963270" title="ATPC RNA motif">
ATPC RNA motif

The ATPC RNA motif is a conserved RNA structure found in certain cyanobacteria. It is apparently ubiquitous in "Prochlorococcus marinus", and is present in many species in the genus "Synechococcus". The RNA is always found within an operon encoding subunits of ATP synthase, and it is always located downstream of the gene encoding the A subunit of ATP synthase, and upstream of the C subunit gene. This location is consistent with a cis-regulatory element, but also with a non-coding RNA that is transcribed with the ATP synthase genes.
Simple RNA structures called stem-loops have been reported in the ATP synthase operons of various cyanobacteria, but not structures such as the 3-stem junction that is the main feature of the ATPC RNA motif.

</doc>
<doc id="18963274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963274" title="Guy of Roye">
Guy of Roye

Guy de Roye (died 1409) was a French prelate.
Biography.
Originating from a noble house in Picardy, he attached himself to the Avignon popes Clement VII and Benedict XIII. He was bishop of Verdun, Castres, and then Dol before becoming archbishop of Tours and of Sens. He finally became archbishop of Reims in 1390. He founded the collège de Reims in Paris, facing the collège Sainte-Barbe. He got into a quarrel with the marshals of Volti, near Gênes, on his way to the council of Pisa with Louis I of Bar and Pierre d'Ailly, leading to a riot in which Guy was killed by a crossbow bolt.

</doc>
<doc id="18963283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963283" title="Jon">
Jon

Jon is a shortened form of the common given name of "Jonathan", derived from "YAHWEH has given", and an alternate spelling of John, derived from "YAHWEH is gracious". In the year of 2008, Jon was the 527th most popular name in the United States; its popularity has declined steadily (sometimes increasing, but not substantially) since its peak in 1968 as #65. Pet forms of "Jon" include: "Jonny" and "Jonnie". In Luxembourgish, Jon is a short form of Simeon.

</doc>
<doc id="18963290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963290" title="Matricization">
Matricization

In mathematics, matricization (also matricisation, matricizing, unfolding, or flattening) is the operation that turns a tensor (a multi-dimensional array) into a matrix (a two-dimensional array).
Matricization may be regarded as a generalization of the mathematical concept of vectorization.
Matricization may be applied in connection with determination of the factors in the PARAFAC model.

</doc>
<doc id="18963298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963298" title="Tong lau">
Tong lau

The term tong lau () is used to describe tenement buildings built in late 19th century to the 1960s in Hong Kong, Macau, southern China and Taiwan. Designed for both residential and commercial uses, they are similar in style and function to the shophouses of Southeast Asia.
Overview.
Tong lau is essentially a balcony-type tenement building for residential and commercial use. The ground floor portion is reserved for commercial use, mostly by small businesses like pawnshops and food vendors. The upper floors were residential use and catered to Chinese residents of Hong Kong. Most "tong lau" were 2–4 storeys tall and 15 feet (4.5 m) in width.
Early tong lau.
19th century "tong lau" encompassed Chinese and European architectural features. The Chinese component was based on building design from southern China, mainly in Guangdong Province. European influences were usually Neoclassical. 
The "tong lau" roof used wood and/or Xieding tiles and iron was used for the balconies. The balcony's design was based on the Guangzhou-style. Windows used French styling and were made of wood and glass.
The upper floors were supported by brick pillars and protruded out to the edge of the street. 
Inside, the floors were connected by wooden stairs. Most floors ranged from 450–700 square feet with very high ceilings. Top floors were often living quarters for shopkeepers and their family.
Other architectural features of early tong laus:
An example of early "tong lau" or "Kee-lau" is Lui Seng Chun, a reinforced concrete building built in Hong Kong in 1931.
Post War tong lau.
"Tong lau built" after World War II were simpler in design:
Iron balconies were replaced with concrete ones and later sealed with windows. Roofs were often flat with an open terrace and later renovated to allow for additional residential space.
Wooden windows gave way to stainless steel windows. Air conditioning units were added to the windows in the 1970s and 1980s. Often clothes racks were added below the windows and hung above the sidewalk or street below. Signs were hung on the exterior walls and protruded onto the streets below.
Other features of the new "tong lau" included:
The post-war boom and influx of immigrants meant Hong Kong ran short of housing. Tong lau were seen as a solution and many of these buildings were renovated to become rental units.
Rooms on the upper floors were divided into smaller rooms and sublet as units by owners. They would only accommodate bunk beds. The middle of the floor was common space for tenants to eat and stretch. Bathrooms and kitchens were also shared amongst the tenants on each floor. Tenants paid for electricity and water on a monthly basis.
The sublet of floors in the "tong lau" results in changes in housing regulations in Hong Kong (Laws of Hong Kong chapter "Building (Planning) Regulations", 46).
After the 1960s, many tong lau were demolished to give way to taller apartment and commercial buildings. Comparatively few tong lau are found in Hong Kong today.
On 29 January 2010, there is a significant incident of spontaneous whole-building-collapse at no.45J, Ma Tau Wai Road, Ma Tau Wai, when a five-storey tong lau of more than 50 years history suddenly collapsed at approximately 1:43 pm. There are four people killed, buried under the debris. Such spontaneous, cascading and complete building-collapse in Hong Kong is quite rare since the Second World War and the incident raised concern of the HKSAR Government and the Hong Kong Public towards the safety of the aging "Tong lau" population in Hong Kong especially those built with similar specifications about 50 or more years ago.
Tong lau in Mainland China.
Southern China, namely cities in Guangdong Province, is where the "tong lau" or "Qilou" () originated in the late 19th century. They were built by wealthy Chinese merchants in the cities like Guangzhou.
"Qilou" styles varied from Chinese to European:
Locations in Guangzhou with "Qilou":
Tong lau in Macau.
"Tong lau" are also found in Macau on Avenida de Almeida Ribeiro near the Largo do Senado. They are better preserved in Macau, where they did not give way to newer buildings. Upper floors no longer house people and often reused for commercial use. "tong lau" here often feature Portuguese colonial architectural influences.
Tong lau in Hong Kong.
The existence of "tong laus" was a culmination of a series of historic forces from economic development of Hong Kong, Second World War as well as the influx of Chinese migrants to Hong Kong.
In 1898, the government introduced a building and public health ordinance which defined all the buildings including "tong laus". In 1903, the government introduced a maximum height per storey of , with a four storey limit. This explains the general appearance of "Tong laus". Yet, the ordinance changed in 1964, so no "tong lau" was built from then on.
"Tong laus" are found throughout Hong Kong (the grading of the buildings is indicated into brackets):
Other areas include: Cheung Sha Wan, Hung Hom, Kwun Tong, Shek Kip Mei, Tai Po, Tsim Sha Tsui, Wong Tai Sin, Yau Ma Tei.

</doc>
<doc id="18963314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963314" title="1909 FHL season">
1909 FHL season

The 1909 Federal Hockey League (FHL) season was the sixth and final season of the league. The league had four teams participate this season, Cornwall, returning and three new entries, Ottawa Senators, Renfrew Creamery Kings and Smith's Falls. Smith's Falls had previously played in the league. Renfrew was the class of the league, winning all of its games to claim the championship.
Season.
The season started on January 8 with a game between The Seniors and Cornwall. A game arranged for that night between Renfrew and the Senators was postponed, necessitating a new schedule, and the season started in full gear on January 15, with the Senators visiting The Seniors.
Cornwall had difficulty fielding a competitive team, signing junior-age players for several games. The Senators played an exhibition game against Edmonton after their Stanley Cup challenge of the Montreal Wanderers, losing 4–2. The Senators did not draw at the box office, as both the Ottawa HC and the Ottawa Cliffsides drew more fans to The Arena in Ottawa, finishing with only 200 fans attending their last game on February 15.
Stanley Cup challenge.
After the season, Renfrew played Cobalt of the Timiskaming Professional Hockey League as a tune-up for a possible Stanley Cup challenge versus Ottawa HC of the Eastern Canada Hockey Association, winning 10–3. Renfrew played two exhibitions with the Montreal Wanderers, in Renfrew, losing 8–11, and in Brockville, losing 5–6.
Renfrew's challenge was stymied by the Stanley Cup trustees because Renfrew had signed players that were signed to other professional clubs. The trustees made those players who had joined teams after January 2 ineligible for Challenge play. Renfrew had signed Bert Lindsay, Didier Pitre and Steve Vair from Edmonton after their exhibition game in Ottawa. The players themselves were 'ringers' for Edmonton, not having played in the previous season for Edmonton, only signing for the Cup challenge. Renfrew had also signed Quebec's Eddie Hogan January 11th and Jack McDonald February 13th.

</doc>
<doc id="18963326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963326" title="Regular conditional probability">
Regular conditional probability

Regular conditional probability is a concept that has developed to overcome certain difficulties in formally defining conditional probabilities for continuous probability distributions. It is defined as an alternative probability measure conditioned on a particular value of a random variable.
Motivation.
Normally we define the conditional probability of an event "A" given an event "B" as:
The difficulty with this arises when the event "B" is too small to have a non-zero probability. For example, suppose we have a random variable "X" with a uniform distribution on formula_2 and "B" is the event that formula_3 Clearly the probability of "B" in this case is formula_4 but nonetheless we would still like to assign meaning to a conditional probability such as formula_5 To do so rigorously requires the definition of a regular conditional probability.
Definition.
Let formula_6 be a probability space, and let formula_7 be a random variable, defined as a Borel-measurable function from formula_8 to its state space formula_9 Then a regular conditional probability is defined as a function formula_10 is a valid probability measure (in its second argument) on formula_11 for all formula_12 and a measurable function in "E" (in its first argument) for all formula_13 such that for all formula_14 and all formula_15
To express this in our more familiar notation:
where formula_18 i.e. the topological support of the pushforward measure formula_19 As can be seen from the integral above, the value of formula_20 for points "x" outside the support of the random variable is meaningless; its significance as a conditional probability is strictly limited to the support of "T".
The measurable space formula_21 is said to have the regular conditional probability property if for all probability measures formula_22 on formula_23 all random variables on formula_6 admit a regular conditional probability. A Radon space, in particular, has this property.
See also conditional probability and conditional probability distribution.
Alternate definition.
Consider a Radon space formula_25 (that is a probability measure defined on a Radon space endowed with the Borel sigma-algebra) and a real-valued random variable "T". As discussed above, in this case there exists a regular conditional probability with respect to "T". Moreover we can alternatively define the regular conditional probability for an event "A" given a particular value "t" of the random variable "T" in the following manner:
where the limit is taken over the net of open neighborhoods "U" of "t" as they become smaller with respect to set inclusion. This limit is defined if and only if the probability space is Radon, and only in the support of "T", as described in the article. This is the restriction of the transition probability to the support of "T". To describe this limiting process rigorously:
For every formula_27 there exists an open neighborhood "U" of "t", such that for every open "V" with formula_28
where formula_30 is the limit.
Example.
To continue with our motivating example above, we consider a real-valued random variable "X" and write
(where formula_32 for the example given.) This limit, if it exists, is a regular conditional probability for "X", restricted to formula_33
In any case, it is easy to see that this limit fails to exist for formula_34 outside the support of "X": since the support of a random variable is defined as the set of all points in its state space whose every neighborhood has positive probability, for every point formula_34 outside the support of "X" (by definition) there will be an formula_36 such that formula_37
Thus if "X" is distributed uniformly on formula_2 it is truly meaningless to condition a probability on "formula_39".

</doc>
<doc id="18963327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963327" title="Nugush River">
Nugush River

Nugush River, also known as the Bolshoi Nugush River (), is a river in Bashkortostan in Russia, a right tributary of the Belaya River. The length of the river is 235 km, the area of its drainage basin is 3,820 km². The Nugush freezes up in the first half of November and remains icebound until the second half of April.

</doc>
<doc id="18963335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963335" title="Epilycus">
Epilycus

Epilycus ("Epilukos") was an Athenian comic poet of the old comedy. He is mentioned by an ancient grammarian in connection with Aristophanes and Philyllius. Of his play "Kôraliskos," a few fragments are preserved.
An epic poet of the same name, a brother of the comic poet Crates, is mentioned by Saidas.

</doc>
<doc id="18963354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963354" title="Godavaya">
Godavaya

Godavaya or Godawaya is a small fishing hamlet located at the mouth of the Walawe river, between Ambalantota and Hambantota in the Hambantota District in southern Sri Lanka.
It received its name, originally "Goda Pavata Pattana" or "Gota Pabbata Pattana" (meaning 'small rock harbour') from a huge rock overlooking the Indian Ocean, at the foot of which it is situated. The original harbour town was an entrepot on the maritime silk route from at least the 2nd Century CE.
It has been the site of extensive excavations by German and Sri Lanka Archaeologists since the mid-1990s.
Godavaya is also the site if a wildlife sanctuary. The beach is important for nesting Leatherback turtles.
History.
The Godavaya area has been inhabited for about 7000 years. In August 2008, a human skeleton dating back to 3000-5000 BC (carbon dating has yet to be done) was discovered in an abandoned stone quarry at Godavaya, together with tools of animal-bone and stone. In honour of the discoverer of the site, German archaeologist Oliver Kessler, the skeletons were named Olli 1 -3. 
The settlement of "Goda Pavata Pattana", lay sandwiched on the peninsula between the inland harbour on the Walawe river and the sea harbour on the bay of Godavaya. Trade was an important component in the economy of ancient Sri Lanka and Godavaya was an important maritime settlement, serving Tissamaharama and Ridiyagama in the kingdom of Ruhuna.
The Godavaya port probably pre-dates a Brahmi script inscription of the 2nd-century king "Gamani Abaya", probably Gajabahu I, which states that the customs duties obtained there were dedicated to the Buddhist monastery, the Godapavata Vihara.
However in the Mahawamsa's chapter on ‘The 12 Kings’, it is claimed that the vihara at "Gotapabbata" was one of the seven monasteries that Mahallaka Naga built after his son-in-law Gajabahu's death.
In ancient times, Sri Lanka exported dark red garnets, which have been found as burial objects in many European graves of the early mediaeval period. Recent research reveals that most of those garnets were from India and Sri Lanka. Godavaya had ease of access via the Walawe river to the gem mining area of the Walawe basin, which is a source of garnets.
Until the 6th century, Godavaya was an important transit port. Ships carrying merchandise from the West exchanged commodities with ships from China carrying Silk. Hence, ships did not need to go further than Godavaya. Articles of trade on the Walawe river shipping route and on land routes were also swapped there.
Godavaya was the seaport for the mediaeval (11th century) southern capital, Maha Nagakula which lay on the Walawe river.
Excavations.
From 1994 onwards, a team of German archaeologists from the University of Bonn directed by late Prof. Dr. Helmut Roth, Dr. Udo Recker (1994-1996) and Oliver Kessler M.A. (1997 onwards) conducted joint excavations at Godavaya with the Archaeological Department of Sri Lanka, under Director General Dr. W.H. Wijeyapala and the German Archaeological Institute (DAI). They unearthed evidence to prove Godavaya's importance in the maritime Silk Route, revealing connections from China in the East to the Red Sea and the Mediterranean in the West.
Among the finds have been:
Gota Pabbata Rajamaha Vihara Monastery.
On top of the rock overlooking the entire area lay the monastery, the "Gota Pabbatha Rajamaha Vihara", which had been a religious and administrative centre since the reign of King Gajabahu I. The Brahmi inscription on a rock next to the ancient shrine room is unique, being the sole evidence for the transfer of customs duties to a monastery in the Indian Ocean world at that period.
Normally, only the King was allowed to collect taxes. In Godavaya, the tax fees were donated to the temple for its maintenance.
The monastery area was excavated by a team under Oliver Kessler, who discovered an elevated ancient image house (Buddhu gedera) and a chapter house (Dharma salawa) on the west side of the monastery. They found a standing Buddha statue about 3.50 metres tall and two Bodhisattva statues each about 1.80 metres in height. Traces of weather-resistant colouring - the source of which is unclear - are evidence that the statues date back to a period before the 8th century.
Customs House.
The team found a custom office building, decorated with ornaments showing an elephant placing his trunk in lotus flowers. Clay seals bearing the emblem of a lion were used to seal goods and cargo as proof that the customs duty was paid.
Quarry.
A quarry was also discovered. One big pillar covered with many drill marks dating to the middle Anuradhapura period before the 5th century, lies in front of the huge rock, close to the ocean.
1st century shipwreck.
In late 2008, an underwater search of the seas around Godavaya, carried out by the Central Cultural Fund, revealed the wreck of a ship, possibly dating back to the 1st century AD. Together with the ship were found black and red ware pottery - dating from the 1st century to the 4th Century - together with a stone throne and coloured ball clay for making painted roofing tiles.
Godavaya wildlife sanctuary.
Godavaya is home to five of the seven global marine turtle species: Hawksbill, Leatherback, Green turtle, Loggerhead and Olive Ridley turtle, which are all threatened. It has been proposed that the Leatherback turtles of Sri Lanka and the Nicobar Islands form a separate, genetically distinct Indian Ocean subpopulation. Godavaya beach is possibly the best Leatherback turtle nesting beach in the island, with the largest nesting population.
A 3.85 kilometre section of the beach at Godavaya was declared a wildlife sanctuary ('Godavaya Sanctuary') by the Government of Sri Lanka under the Fauna and Flora Protection Ordinance on 10 May 2006. It extends 500 metres into the sea and 100 metres from the high tide level onto the land.
The seaward limit includes the turtles' aquatic habitat (mainly coral reefs where they forage and rest), while the land limit envelopes their land Nesting habitat.
Tsunami.
When the Boxing Day Tsunami of 2004 struck Sri Lanka, the villagers of the fishing hamlet, among them two archaeologists, took refuge in the temple on the rock. This probably contributed to the lack of fatalities, contrasting with the thousands of deaths in the surrounding areas.
References.
Archäologischer Anzeiger 2009/1, Beiheft, Jahresbericht des DAI, S. 358-360.
Kessler, Oliver (1998): The Discovery of an Ancient Sea Port at the Silk Road of the Sea. Archaeological Relics of the Godavaya Harbaour. In: M. Domroes/H. Roth (Hrsg.): Sri Lanka, Past and Present. Weikersheim 1998, S. 12-37.
Kessler, Oliver (2001a), zus. mit H. Roth/U. Recker/W. Wijeypala: The Godavaya Harbour Site. Report on the Excavations 1994-1997. H.-J. Weisshaar/H. Roth/W. Wijeypala (Hrsg.): Ancient Ruhuna. Sri Lankan-German Archaeological Project in the Southern Province, Vol. 1. Mainz 2001, S. 291-326.
Kessler, Oliver (2001b): Der spätantik-frühmittelalterliche Handel zwischen Europa und Asien und die Bedeutung des Almandins als Fernhandelsgut. E. Pohl/U. Recker/C. Theune (Hrsg.): Archäologisches Zellwerk, Beiträge zur Kulturgeschichte in Europa und Asien. Festschrift für Helmut Roth zum 60. Geburtstag. Internationale Archäologie: Studia honoraria; Bd. 16. Rahden/Westf. 2001, S. 113-128.
Kessler, Oliver (2003): The Excavations at Godavaya (Godapavata Patana). An ancient Sea Port and Trading Station at the Silk Road of the Sea. In: Administration Report for Ceylon 1996. Colombo 2003, S. 48-50.
Kessler, Oliver (2008): Excavations at Godavaya and a Recently Unearthed, Hitherto Unknown 2nd Century Inscription of King Gajabahu I. Proceedings of the Fifteenth International Conference of the European Association of South Asian Archaeologists, Leiden 1999. Raven, Ellen M. (Hrsg.): South Asian archaeology 1999 : proceedings of the fifteenth International Conference of the European Association of Southeast Asian Archaeologists, held at the Universiteit Leiden, 5–9 July 1999. (Gonda indological studies 15). Groningen 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18963356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963356" title="Dryandra ser. Niveae">
Dryandra ser. Niveae

"Dryandra" ser. "Niveae" is an obsolete series within the former genus "Dryandra" (now "Banksia" ser. "Dryandra"). It was first published by George Bentham in 1870, and was given a new circumscription by Alex George in 1996, but was ultimately discarded in 2007 when Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele sunk "Dryandra" into "Banksia".
According to Bentham.
Bentham's definition of "D." ser. "Niveae" was "Flowering stems from a creeping trunk very short, with one or few ovoid flower-heads surrounded by long floral leaves. Leaves pinnate with numerous rigid segments white underneath except in D. nana." Four species were included; the placement and circumscription of the series may be summarised as follows:
According to George.
With the passage of time following the publication of Bentham's arrangement, "D." ser. "Niveae" was gradually abandoned. As the flowers and fruit are highly similar across all species in the series, it is difficult to distinguish individual species. For this reason the name "Dryandra nivea" began to be used in a broad sense, to refer to the entire group, and the other species names fell into disuse.
When Alex George published his revision of "Dryandra" in 1996, he recognised that there were several taxa in the series, and that these could be distinguished by their leaf shape. He resurrected a number of abandoned names, and published some new species and varieties. A new circumscription was given for the series: essentially the series was defined as containing those species in which the flowers of a flower head form a circle about a central hole.
George's placement and circumscription of "D." ser. "Niveae", as amended in 1999 and 2005, may be summarised as follows:
Recent developments.
Since 1998, Austin Mast has been publishing results of ongoing cladistic analyses of DNA sequence data for the subtribe Banksiinae. His analyses have provided compelling evidence of the paraphyly of "Banksia" with respect to "Dryandra"; that is, it seems that "Dryandra" arose from within the ranks of "Banksia". Early in 2007, Mast and Kevin Thiele initiated a rearrangement of "Banksia" by sinking "Dryandra" into it as "B." ser. "Dryandra". This transfer necessitated the setting aside of George's infrageneric arrangement of "Dryandra"; thus "D." ser. "Niveae" is no longer current. Mast and Thiele have foreshadowed publishing a full arrangement once DNA sampling of "Dryandra" is complete.

</doc>
<doc id="18963361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963361" title="Aale Tynni">
Aale Tynni

Aale Maria Tynni-Haavio (3 October 1913 – 21 October 1997) was a Finnish poet and translator and wife of fellow Finnish poet Martti Haavio.
She is best known for editing and translating European poetry ranging from the Middle Ages into Finnish in a comprehensive anthology of entitled "Tuhat Laulujen Vuotta" in (1957). 
She won a Gold Medal at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London in the Lyric Works, Literature category for "Laurel of Hellas".
Personal life.
Tynni was born in Ingria. She married fellow poet Martti Haavio, her second husband, in 1960. After he died in 1973, Tynni and Katariina Eskola compiled his notes and correspondence, which were later released as a series of books. 

</doc>
<doc id="18963367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963367" title="Tanalyk River">
Tanalyk River

Tanalyk River (), is a river in Bashkortostan and Orenburg Oblast in Russia, a right tributary of the Ural River. The length of the river is 225 km, the area of its drainage basin is 4,160 km². The Tanalyk freezes up in the second half of October - November and remains icebound until April. A town of Baymak is located on the Tanalyk River.

</doc>
<doc id="18963369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963369" title="Donata Rimšaitė">
Donata Rimšaitė

Donata Rimšaitė (born January 29, 1988, Vilnius, Lithuania) is a female Lithuanian modern pentathlete who internationally compete for Russia since 2011.
She represented Lithuania at 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
She got a Silver at the Women’s Final of the Modern Pentathlon World Cup 2010, held in Medway.

</doc>
<doc id="18963388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963388" title="Henry of Bar">
Henry of Bar

Henry of Bar (c. 1362 – October 1397 Treviso, Italy) was lord of Marle and the Marquis de Pont-à-Mousson. He was the eldest son of Robert I of Bar and Marie of Valois.
Very early in his life, he was betrothed to Isabella of Lorraine, daughter of John I, Duke of Lorraine. In 1374 he went to the court of his uncle King Charles V of France and was knighted at the coronation of king Charles VI of France, fighting in the Flanders campaign in 1383 and the Guelders campaign in 1388. He then returned to Bar and governed it on behalf of his father, who was often immobilised by attacks of gout.
His betrothal was broken off and his fiancée instead married Enguerrand VII, Lord of Coucy (†1397). In November 1384 Henry himself married Marie de Coucy, Countess of Soissons (1366–1405), daughter of Enguerrand VII Count of Soissons & Sire de Coucy, by his first wife Princess Isabella of England, eldest daughter of King Edward III. Marie became Dame de Coucy et de Oisy following her father's death in 1397. Henry had two children by Marie: 
In 1396, Henry negotiated the neutrality of Gian Galeazzo Visconti, Duke of Milan, in dealings with the French protectorate in the republic of Gênes. He then fought on the side of the Duke of Nevers in the crusade against the Ottoman Empire, being captured at the end of the Battle of Nicopolis on 25 September 1396. He was taken prisoner and later ransomed, but died at the crusader's camp in Treviso after contracting the plague in Venice on his return trip.

</doc>
<doc id="18963398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963398" title="Iakub Lakoba">
Iakub Lakoba

Iakub Uasyl-Ipa Lakoba (Abkhaz: ; ) is an opposition politician and former Presidential candidate in the internationally unrecognised Republic of Abkhazia.
Early life and career.
Iakub Lakoba was born 1949 in New Athos. In 1966, he graduated from Sukhumi school No. 10. In 1971, Lakoba graduated from the Moscow State University's Faculty of Law. From 1972 to 1982 he worked under Bagrat Shinkuba in the staff of the Presidium of the Supreme Council of the Abkhazian ASSR. From 1974 onwards Lakoba held several positions with the Komsomol.
From 1979 to December 1999 Lakoba was a senior lecturer in Jurisprudence in the Abkhazian State University and a member of the University Academic Council. Lakoba has written a total of 18 scientific papers and participated in and lectured at several international conferences and symposia.
During the 1992-1993 war in Abkhazia, Lakoba participated in the delivery of arms and drugs and was Vice Chairman of the Committee of the Red Cross Society of Abkhazia on Foreign Relations and Law.
From April 1998 to March 2004, Lakoba was chairman of the Committee for Legal Affairs, Environment and Urban Assembly Personnel of the Sukhumi Municipal Assembly.
Since 1999, Lakoba has been chairman of the opposition People's Party of Abkhazia.
2004 and 2005 Presidential elections.
Iakub Lakoba unsuccessfully participated in the 2004 Presidential elections, in which he and his Vice Presidential candidate, Fatima Kvitsinia, came in fifth and last with only 800 votes. After leading candidates Sergei Bagapsh and Raul Khadjimba decided to resolve the crisis that ensued after the elections by contending on a joint Presidential/Vice Presidential ticket in a rerun, Lakoba was the only other candidate to stand again. This time, he chose fellow party member Stella Gunia as his Vice Presidential candidate and the pair garnered 3,400 votes, equal to 4.7% of the total votes cast.
Since 2005.
On 24 August 2009 Iakub Lakoba was awarded the order Axdz Apsha ('Honour and Glory') by President Bagapsh, for his long-term active participation in Abkhazian socio-political life.
On 15 January 2011, Lakoba published an article in response to the Russia’s State Audit Chamber's findings on violations concerning Russian financial aid to Abkhazia in the period of 2009-2010. Lakoba accused the head of Russia’s State Audit Chamber Sergei Stepashin of trying to paper over financial violations in Abkhazia and to extenuate corruption within the Abkhaz officialdom. Lakoba said that Stepashin was providing defense lawyer's services to the Abkhaz authorities. "Paid or not paid - its another issue," he said. On 21 January 2011, he was arrested in Sukhumi after the prosecutor's office charged him of slandering Stepashin. However, he was released the next day. Since the Russian state audit agency declared that it would not press charges, the Prosecutor's Office declared on 18 February that it had dropped the case.

</doc>
<doc id="18963405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963405" title="Bystry Tanyp River">
Bystry Tanyp River

Bystry Tanyp River, or Tanyp River (), is a river in Bashkortostan and Perm Krai in Russia, a right tributary of the Belaya River. The length of the river is 345 km, the area of its drainage basin is 7,560 km². The Bystry Tanyp freezes up in the first half of November and remains icebound until April.

</doc>
<doc id="18963431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963431" title="Irideae">
Irideae

Irideae is a tribe included in the well-known Iridaceae family. It contains many species in five genera which are wildly distributed in the Old World. A member of the tribe is the best-known genus from the family - Iris from which it takes its name. Iris is the larger genus in the tribe.
The blooms, which are often with scent and collected in an inflorescence, have six petals. Those are identical only in the genus "Ferraria". The ovary is 3-locular and contains seeds which are usually circular and pellet-like. The members has the typical sword-shaped leaves and the rootstock is usually rhizome or corm. Only two subgenera of Iris have bulbs. These are "Xiphium" and "Hermodactyloides".
Many of the species are popular ornamental plants, but many are threatened with extinction.
List of genera:

</doc>
<doc id="18963432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963432" title="Summerlee, Museum of Scottish Industrial Life">
Summerlee, Museum of Scottish Industrial Life

Summerlee, Museum of Scottish Industrial Life, formerly known as Summerlee Heritage Park, is an award-winning industrial museum in Coatbridge, North Lanarkshire, Scotland. It was built on the site of the old Summerlee Ironworks and incorporated the main workshop of the former Hydrocon Crane factory.
It temporarily closed in 2006, but reopened on 26 September 2008 following a £10m refurbishment (pictured right). 
The former main hall was completely redesigned by North Lanarkshire Council's in-house Design Team and now includes a stainless steel café pod and futuristic viewing pavilion. The museum aims to show Lanarkshire's contribution to engineering, and incorporates interactive displays and a children's "Discovery Zone".
The museum also incorporates several railway steam locomotives, preserved carriages from a 1960s era Glasgow Class 311 and has a short working tram line.
The site.
This contains...
Tramway.
The Summerlee Transport Group (STG) was formed in 1988, in order to support the maintenance and operation of the tramway.

</doc>
<doc id="18963438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963438" title="Ay River">
Ay River

Ay River () is a river in Bashkortostan and Chelyabinsk Oblast in Russia, a left tributary of the Ufa River. The length of the river is 549 km, the area of its drainage basin is 15,000 km². The Ay freezes up in late October - early November and remains icebound until mid-April. A city of Zlatoust is located on the Ay River.

</doc>
<doc id="18963444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963444" title="WJKX">
WJKX

WJKX (102.5 FM, "102JKX") is a radio station licensed to the community Ellisville, Mississippi, and serving the Laurel-Hattiesburg area. The station is owned by Clear Channel Communications and the license is held by CC Licenses, LLC. It airs an Urban Adult Contemporary music format.
History.
It began in 1973 as WBSJ, a country music station, located just north of Ellisville. Upon its acquisition by Clear Channel, call letters and format were changed, and the studios moved to Laurel, Mississippi.
The station was assigned the WJKX call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on March 1, 1990. The WBSJ callsign is now owned by Ball State University in Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="18963446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963446" title="Sammi (album)">
Sammi (album)

Sammi is a Cantonese debut studio album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It was recorded in the 1990 and released in May.

</doc>
<doc id="18963448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963448" title="Henry of Marle (died 1418)">
Henry of Marle (died 1418)

Henry of Marle, seigneur de Presles, was chancellor of France under king Charles VI from 1413 to 1418. As a faithful companion of John I of Berry, he was assassinated in the Conciergerie during the massacres of the Armagnacs in the prisons of Paris on 29 May 1418.

</doc>
<doc id="18963457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963457" title="Automated tissue image analysis">
Automated tissue image analysis

Automated tissue image analysis is a process by which computer-controlled automatic test equipment to evaluate tissue samples, using computations to derive quantitative measurements from an image to avoid subjective errors.
In a typical application, automated tissue image analysis could be used to measure the aggregate activity of cancer cells in a biopsy of a cancerous tumor taken from a patient. In breast cancer patients, for example, automated tissue image analysis may be used to test for high levels of proteins known to be present in more aggressive forms of breast cancers.
Applications.
Automated tissue imaging analysis can significantly reduce uncertainty in characterizing tumors compared to evaluations done by histologists, or improve the prediction rate of recurrence of some cancers. As it is a digital system, suitable for networking, it also facilitates cooperative efforts between distant sites. Systems for automatically analyzing tissue samples also reduce costs and save time.
High-performance CCD cameras are used for acquiring the digital images. Coupled with advanced widefield microscopes and various algorithms for image restoration, this approach can provide better results than confocal techniques at comparable speeds and lower costs.
Processes.
The United States Food and Drug Administration classifies these systems as medical devices, under the general instrumentation category of automatic test equipment.
ATIS have seven basic processes (sample preparation, image acquisition, image analysis, results reporting, data storage, network communication, and self-system diagnostics) and realization of these functions highly accurate hardware and well-integrated, complex, and expensive software.
Preparation.
Specimen preparation is critical for evaluating the tumor in the automated system. In the first part of the preparation process the biopsied tissue is cut to an appropriate size (typically 4 mm), fixed in buffered formalin, dehydrated in ethanol-xylene, embedded in paraffin, thin sectioned typically to 4 um slices, then moutned onto at least two barcoded slides (a control and a test). Next the paraffin is removed from the tissue, the tissue is rehydrated, then stained. Any inconsistency in these procedures from case to case may result in uncertainties in the outcome of the analysis. These potential and irreducible inconsistencies in analysis results motivated the development of Automated Tissue Image Systems.
Acquisition.
Digital micrographs are acquired of the stained specimen on the glass slide. The images are taken by a set of charge-coupled devices (CCD).
Analysis.
Image analysis involves complex computer algorithms which identify and characterize cellular color, shape, and quantity of the tissue sample using image pattern recognition technology based on vector quantization. Vector representations of objects in the image, as opposed to bitmap representations, have superior zoom-in ability. Once the sample image has been acquired and resident in the computer's random access memory as a large array of 0's and 1's, a programmer knowledgeable in cellular architecture can develop deterministic algorithms applied to the entire memory space to detect cell patterns from previously defined cellular structures and formations known to be significant.
The aggregate algorithm outcome is a set of measurements that is far superior to any human sensitivity to intensity or luminance and color hue, while at the same time improving test consistency from eyeball to eyeball.
Reporting.
The systems have the capability of presenting the resulting data in text and graphically, including on high definition monitors, to the system user. Computer printers, as relatively low image resolution devices, are used mostly to present final pathology reports that could include text and graphics.
Storage.
Storage of the acquired data (graphical digital slide files and text data) involves saving system information in a data storage device system having at least convenient retrieval, and file management capabilities.
Medical imaging industry standards includes the Picture Archiving and Communication Systems (PACS), of European origin, which are image and information management solutions in computer networks that allow hospitals and clinics to acquire, distribute and archive medical images and diagnostic reports across the enterprise. Another standard of European origin is the Data and Picture Archiving and Communication System (DPACS). Although medical images can be stored in various formats, a common format has been Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM).

</doc>
<doc id="18963463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963463" title="Jennie Let Me Love You">
Jennie Let Me Love You

Jennie Let Me Love You is the second single released by Swedish boy band E.M.D.. Following the commercial success of their previous single, "Jennie Let Me Love You" debuted at #6 on the Swedish singles chart. The following week it climbed to the top spot, where it remained for six consecutive weeks making it the longest running #1 single in Sweden in 2008. It has since been certified Gold, in recognition of 10,000 copies of the single sold. The track was co-written and produced by Tobias Gustavsson who also co-wrote and produced Danny Saucedo's #1 Swedish hit "Radio" in December 2008. Published by Aesona Music Publishing.

</doc>
<doc id="18963471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963471" title="Pending">
Pending

Pending is a district in Kuching, Sarawak, Malaysia. Administratively, it is in the Kuching South City Council area. It is predominantly an industrial zone.
Bintawa, a fishing village in Pending, is home to many local fishermen, mostly of Chinese ethnicity.

</doc>
<doc id="18963472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963472" title="Holiday (Sammi Cheng album)">
Holiday (Sammi Cheng album)

Holiday is a studio album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It is her second Cantonese album. It was released in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18963489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963489" title="Scorched">
Scorched

Scorched may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18963491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963491" title="La Sola Island">
La Sola Island

La Sola Island () is a small island in the southeastern Caribbean Sea. The island is a part of the "Dependencias Federales" (Federal Dependencies) of Venezuela.
Geography.
La Sola Island is located about northeast of Caracas, about northeast of Islas Los Frailes and about southeast of Islas Los Testigos. The coordinates are .
The uninhabited island has an area of only 0.01 square km (0,004 square miles) (1) with the highest point reaching 8,5 meters (28 feet).
History.
In 1938, the island was put under the administration of the "Ministerio del Interior y de Justicia" (Ministry of Interior and Justice) (2) as part of the Dependencias Federales.
On August 9, 1972, the island, together with the other islands of the Dependencias Federales, were declared a national park (3) with the park being established on August 18.

</doc>
<doc id="18963510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963510" title="OLE RNA">
OLE RNA

OLE RNA (Ornate Large Extremophilic RNA) is a conserved RNA structure present in certain bacteria. The RNA averages roughly 610 nucleotides in length. The only known RNAs that are longer than OLE RNA are ribozymes such as the group II intron and ribosomal RNAs. The exceptional length and highly conserved structure of OLE RNA prompted the hypothesis that OLE RNA could be a ribozyme, or otherwise perform an intricate biochemical task.
OLE RNAs are predominantly found in the order Clostridiales, but other kinds of Firmicutes contain OLE RNAs as well. Organisms containing OLE RNA are predominantly extremophiles and anaerobes.
OLE RNAs are transcribed as RNA, and experiments in Bacillus halodurans show that it is transcribed in a mRNA with 10 other genes. The adjacent genes are conserved in the vicinity of OLE RNA in most species containing it, but in Desulfitobacterium hafniense they are located elsewhere on the chromosome. OLE RNAs are processed from the larger transcript into a shorter RNA that roughly corresponds to the conserved, ~610-nucleotide structure. Genes encoding a protein class of unknown function are typically located immediately downstream of OLE RNAs, and the presence of this protein class is correlated in species with the presence of OLE RNA. This correlation suggests a possible functional association between the RNA and the protein.

</doc>
<doc id="18963539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963539" title="Ertel">
Ertel

Ertel is a surname originating from South Germany: from a personalized form of a name beginning with Ort-, from Old High German "ort": "point (of a sword or lance)."
Ertel may also mean "Steel Smith."
Ertel may be a derivation of other surnames, including "Ertl" and "Ertle."
This surname of ERTEL has two origins. It was a Provençal occupational name for a gardener or a topographic name for someone who lived near an enclosed garden. The name developed in the Latin form HORTUS via medieval documents. It was also a German name for someone who lived at the top of a hill or the end of a settlement, derived from the Old German word ORT, in the transferred sense “tip” or “extremity.”
The name has numerous variant spellings which include ERTLER, ORT, DELORT, DESHORTS, HUERTA, HORTA, OHRTMAN, VAN OORT, ORTET and ORTEL, to name but a few. Although some have changed the name of a variety of personal reasons, a common form of variation was in fact involuntary, when an official change was made, in other words, a clerical error. Among the lower classes of European society, and especially among less educated people, people were willing to accept the mistakes of officials, clerks, and priests as an official new version of their surname, just as they had meekly accepted the surname they had been born with. In North America, the linguistic problems confronting immigration officials at Ellis Island in the 19th century were legendary as a prolific source of Anglicization.

</doc>
<doc id="18963540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963540" title="William II, Marquis of Namur">
William II, Marquis of Namur

William II, Marquis of Namur (22 January 1355 – 10 January 1418) inherited the Marquisate of Namur from his father William I in 1391 and held it until his own death.
His mother was Catherine of Savoy († 1388), daughter of Louis II of Savoy, baron of Vaud, and Isabella of Châlon. His rule as marquis was a peaceful one, in which he devoted himself to encouraging commerce, industry and the building of fortifications.
His first wife was Marie de Bar, daughter of Robert I, Duke of Bar and Marie of Valois (1344-1404).<br>
In 1393, he remarried with Jeanne d'Harcourt (1372–1456), daughter of John VI, Count of Harcourt and Catherine of Bourbon.<br>
He had no surviving children and so on his death William II was succeeded as Marquis by his brother John III.

</doc>
<doc id="18963553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963553" title="Palatine Ludwig Railway Company">
Palatine Ludwig Railway Company

The Palatine Ludwigsbahn Company ("Pfälzische Ludwigsbahn-Gesellschaft") was a German railway concern that was founded to operate the Palatine Ludwig Railway ("Ludwigsbahn") in the Palatinate, a region of southwest Germany that was once part of the Kingdom of Bavaria within the German Empire.
On 1 January 1870, the Palatine Ludwigsbahn Company, the Palatine Maximilian Railway Company and the Palatine Northern Railway (with which the Neustadt-Dürkheim Railway Company had amalgamated) had formed a management and operational association under the name "United Palatine Railways" ("Vereinigte Pfälzische Eisenbahnen") or Palatinate Railway ("Pfalzbahn") for short, with its headquarters in Ludwigshafen. Nevertheless Palatine Ludwigsbahn was responsible for the subsequent opening of the following railway lines:
In addition the following narrow gauge routes belonging to the Palatine Ludwigsbahn should be mentioned:
On 1 January 1909, the Ludwigsbahn was transferred into the ownership of the Royal Bavarian State Railways along with the other companies belonging to the Palatinate Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18963555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963555" title="Drew McLellan">
Drew McLellan

Drew McLellan (born December 21, 1962) is a national expert in branding and marketing, agency owner, columnist and author. According to the AdAge Power 150 list, his blog, Drew’s Marketing Minute, is one of the world’s most popular blogs on branding and marketing.
Background and education.
According to his biography, Drew’s fascination with brands and the loyalty they can inspire because with his annual trips to Walt Disney World (at least once each year since its opening in 1971).
In his free e-book, Marketing Lessons from Walt, Drew says, “I have long believed that Walt Disney’s genius was not animation or theme park design, but in truly understanding the human heart. Somehow, in the midst of ROI, measurability, counting clicks and studies that can track a person’s eye movements to see what part of an ad captures their attention first -- we have forgotten that marketing and branding is ultimately about wooing and winning someone’s heart.”
Aged 14, Drew took his first steps into entrepreneurship mowing lawns and tutoring. Around this time Drew is also known to have worked at a grocery store and while in college, a security officer at the Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport.
McLellan graduated from University Of Minnesota with a BA in journalism and psychology. He later earned his Master’s degree from the same institution.
Career.
In 1989, Drew joined Young & Rubicam in their Orlando, Florida office. He was later promoted and transferred to their subsidiary, CMF&Z in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
After leaving Y&R’s subsidiary, McLellan joined a Des Moines agency for a year, before starting his own agency in 1995.
McLellan began a marketing column that appears weekly in the Des Moines Business Record in 2004 and launched his blog in 2006. He is also a contributing author at Marketing Prof’s Daily Fix blog, Small Business Branding and IowaBiz.
McLellan and his family now live in Des Moines, Iowa.
Bibliography.
99.3 Random Acts of Marketing (2003) ISBN 0-9746879-0-1
Age of Conversation (2007) ISBN 1-84799-299-4

</doc>
<doc id="18963556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963556" title="Stampin">
Stampin

Stampin is a name of a district located in Kuching city in the Malaysian state of Sarawak. Administratively, it is located in the Kuching South City Council area. Most of its area is made up of the B.D.C (Borneo Development Corporation) housings and other housing estates such as Hui Sing Garden & Kampung Stutong and Stampin Baru.

</doc>
<doc id="18963564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963564" title="McCluskey">
McCluskey

The McCluskey last name or surname is of Irish origin that evolved from the Irish Gaelic names O Cathain or Mac Cathain.
History.
First found in what is modern County Londonderry where they were a branch of the O'Kanes. It originates from Gaelic Ireland in the North and the South.

</doc>
<doc id="18963574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963574" title="Martti Haavio">
Martti Haavio

Martti Haavio (22 January 1899, Temmes -1973) was a Finnish poet, folklorist and mythologist, writing poetry under the pen name P. Mustapää. He was born on 22 January 1899 in Temmes, and died 4 February 1973. He was also a professor of folklore and an influential researcher of Finnish mythology. In 1960, Haavio married Aale Tynni, after his first wife died in 1951 of cancer. During Haavio's early career, he was a member of the Tulenkantajat literature club.

</doc>
<doc id="18963581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963581" title="Archdiocesan Classical Gymnasium (Zagreb)">
Archdiocesan Classical Gymnasium (Zagreb)

The Archdiocesan Classic Gymnasium (, often referred to by the abbreviation NKG) is a Catholic high school located on 106 Voćarska Road in the neighborhood of Šalata in Zagreb, Croatia. The school implements a program highlighting the classical culture and history, having students learn the Latin and the Ancient Greek. The school promotes Catholicism and serves as a public preparatory school for the Interdiocesan Boys' Seminary, a seminary for future Catholic priests located in the same building complex.
History.
The school was the successor to the Archdiocesan Lyceum. The Lyceum was founded in 1854 as a part of the Theology seminary. The school was founded in 1922 as the Archdiocesan Grand School (), a boys-only school. In 1931 its name was changed to the name it bears today. In 1948 the communist regime of Josip Broz Tito denied official recognition to the school due to its religious ties. The school didn't stop operating, though. A military hospital was built nearby on the same lot. In 1989 the hospital was moved to a new complex on the Gojko Šušak Avenue in Dubrava. Following the Croatian declaration of independence in 1991, the school was again officially recognized. From 2003 girls are allowed to enroll the school, which has previously been boys-only. This diffused its previous religious role as a place to educate future priests and deacons, although Catholicism and devotion to God is still strongly encouraged.
Observatory.
The school is known in Croatia for having an observatory. The school routinely publishes articles about celestial objects on its website. The school website also displays a list of objects in the Messier catalogue. The observatory building sports the Croatian coat of arms on its northern side, one of the rare Croatian signs that weren't taken down during the anti-nationalistic communist rule of Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="18963586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963586" title="WIZK">
WIZK

WIZK (1570 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Bay Springs, Mississippi. The station is owned by M. Jerome Huey. It airs a country music format. The station was assigned the WIZK call letters by the Federal Communications Commission in 1987.
It is one of the few stations left in the United States that are owned by an individual rather than a corporation. WHII had a sister station, WXIY at 94.3 FM on which was a simulcast of the AM programming. In the 1970s, WHII was a daytime only station, and when WHII (AM) signed off, the sister station WXIY (FM) changed to R&B format until its signoff at midnight. In the 1980s, the WXIY dropped its callsign in favor of WHII, still a country music station, simulcasting. In the late 1980s or early 1990s, the FM station was sold to Blakeney Communications, Inc. and became WKZW "KZ-94".

</doc>
<doc id="18963589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963589" title="DQE (disambiguation)">
DQE (disambiguation)

DQE could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18963597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963597" title="Columbus Indiana Economic Development Board">
Columbus Indiana Economic Development Board

The Columbus, Indiana, Economic Development Board (EDB) is an organization whose mission is "to contribute to building a world-class community in a small town setting by enhancing the quality of life of the citizens of their community and improving their economic opportunity and material welfare".
Community activities.
The Economic Development Board provided additional funding for “Production of Columbus, Indiana: Different by Design”, a production of WTIU, Indiana University in association with Spellbound Productions, Inc.; Terrence Black, producer/director, and Nancy Callaway Fyffe, producer/writer; Steven Krahnke, executive producer.
They also supported a new joint venture in Columbus, Indiana - Techtop LHP, Inc. 
Administration and staff.
Ted Dawson began serving as Executive Director of the Columbus Economic Development Board in October 2007. As an interim Business Consultant, Ted has provided management advisory services to small and medium-sized manufacturing companies in such areas as business succession planning, strategy, and new business development. In his career at ArvinMeritor, his positions included Vice President - Commercial Vehicle Exhaust, Vice President/General Manager - Components, and Vice President - Automotive Marketing. Ted has provided exemplary service and commitment to the Columbus community through his membership on the boards of Ivy Tech Community College, Columbus Area Chamber of Commerce, Arvin Foundation, and Community Education Coalition. He holds an Accounting Degree from Notre Dame University, an MBA from Xavier University, and he currently serves as an MBA Executive Mentor for the Xavier University Graduate School of Business.
Pat Wilson worked in the manufacturing industry for 30 years and in government for 6 years prior to joining the Economic Development Board staff. Pat serves on the Advisory Board for the Ivy Tech Business and Administrative Programs and is Secretary of the local chapter of the International Association of Administrative Professionals. Pat works closely with the Economic Development Board Executive Director, Executive Committee, Board of Directors, government officials and community leaders. Pat researches and publishes the Community Audit about the Columbus area. The Community Audit is published every two years and received the "Excellent" award from the Mid-America Economic Development Council. Pat also publishes the Wage and Benefit Survey.

</doc>
<doc id="18963604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963604" title="Laura Asadauskaitė">
Laura Asadauskaitė

Laura Asadauskaitė-Zadneprovskienė (born February 28, 1984) is a female Lithuanian modern pentathlete who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and won the gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and reached Olympic record. 
In 2009 she married modern pentathlete Andrejus Zadneprovskis, who has been twice an Olympic medallist and twice World Champion. In 2010 she gave birth to a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="18963606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963606" title="Amarilly of Clothes-Line Alley">
Amarilly of Clothes-Line Alley

Amarilly of Clothes-Line Alley is a 1918 silent film directed by Marshall Neilan, written by Frances Marion and based on a Belle K. Maniates novel.
Plot.
Set in San Francisco during the early 1900s, the film revolves around Amarilly (Mary Pickford), the daughter of a widowed scrubwoman. Amarilly is proud of her hard-working Irish family, and takes care of her five roughhouse brothers. She is engaged to bartender Terry McGowan (William Scott), who gets her a job as a cigarette girl in his cafe after a fire unfairly causes her to lose her job as a theater scrubwoman. While working as a cigarette girl, she meets Gordon Phillips (Norman Kerry), a handsome and wealthy but frivolous young man, who is a society sculptor.
Terry becomes jealous when Amarilly starts hanging out with Gordon, and he breaks off the engagement. Gordon offers Amarilly a job with his wealthy and snobbish aunt, Mrs. Phillips (Ida Waterman). When the neighborhood is quarantined after a breakout of scarlet fever, Mrs. Phillips decides to take the time to teach Amarilly high class manners in a "Pygmalion"-like experiment. However, once she discovers her nephew has fallen in love with Amarilly, she turns against her. Mrs. Phillips tries to humiliate Amarilly by inviting her family over for a social party.
Amarilly is outraged and returns to her old home. She sees Terry and invites him for supper. He is delighted, and on the way to her house, he stops to buy expensive 50 cent violets, even though he had earlier passed up violets at 15 cents. He is shot by accident, and barely makes it to Amarilly's house before collapsing. Fortunately, Terry survives. Amarilly visits him in the hospital and tells him that when he gets out, they have a date at City Hall.
The final scene is five years later. Amarilly is in a side car on Terry's motor bike; they both are nicely dressed and seem to be doing well. Then it is revealed under the blanket she has a baby, and behind Terry is a little boy.
Cast.
unbilled

</doc>
<doc id="18963608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963608" title="List of butterflies of North America (Lycaenidae)">
List of butterflies of North America (Lycaenidae)

Gossamer-wings are our smallest butterflies. Their wingspans range from 0.5-2.0 inches (1.2-5.1 cm). There are about 7,000 species worldwide with about 139 species in North America. Gossamer-wings include the subfamilies Hairstreaks, Harvesters, Coppers, and Blues. Their flights vary from the fast, erratic Hairstreaks to the slow, bouncy Blues. They like to feed at flowers, and males like to puddle at damp ground. Most male Gossamer-wings locate females by perching, while some males patrol. The turban-shaped eggs are usually laid singly. The larva is oval-shaped with a flattened underside. Some species have honeydew glands that attract ants. Ants like to eat and collect the honeydew made by the caterpillar. In turn, the ants will swarm over anything that might try to harm the larva. The chrysalis is usually formed in leaf litter. Many chrysalises can make faint noises. Scientists believe this noise might ward off predatory ants.

</doc>
<doc id="18963628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963628" title="Fiery Motion">
Fiery Motion

Fiery Motion () is a collaborative album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng, Aaron Kwok, Andy Hui, and Edmond Leung. It was recorded in 1992 and released in August.

</doc>
<doc id="18963629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963629" title="Abortion in Malta">
Abortion in Malta

The de jure legal status of Abortion in Malta holds that the practice is illegal, however, as with other European nations, de facto procedures differ to the exact letter of the law.
The Criminal Code states: 
"(1) Whosoever, by any food, drink, medicine, or by violence, or by any other means whatsoever, shall cause the miscarriage of any woman with child, whether the woman be consenting or not, shall, on conviction, be liable to imprisonment for a term from 18 months to three years;” and 
“(2) The same punishment shall be awarded against any woman who shall procure her own miscarriage, or who shall have consented to the use of the means by which the miscarriage is procured." 
If a woman's life is threatened by a pregnancy, abortive procedures have been performed within Maltese territory without repercussions. 

</doc>
<doc id="18963637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963637" title="Edward III, Duke of Bar">
Edward III, Duke of Bar

Edward III of Bar (late June 1377 - 25 October 1415) was made Marquis of Pont-à-Mousson by his father Robert I, Duke of Bar in 1399 (his mother was Mary of France, daughter of John II of France) and held it until his death. He then became heir to the Duchy of Bar following the death of his elder brothers Henry and Philippe at or soon after the Battle of Nicopolis in 1396.
In 1405, Charles VI of France charged him with defending the Boulonnais, then threatened by the English. At the end of 1406 he participated in the Guyenne campaign under the orders of Louis of Orleans, but dysentery decimated the French forces. After Louis's assassination in 1407, Edward joined John the Fearless and rallied the Burgundians. Succeeding his father on 12 April 1411, Edward was killed at the battle of Agincourt and succeeded by his brother (he never married, though he left several illegitimate children).

</doc>
<doc id="18963659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963659" title="List of University of Ljubljana people">
List of University of Ljubljana people

This is a partially sorted list of notable persons who have had ties to the University of Ljubljana.

</doc>
<doc id="18963661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963661" title="WKZW">
WKZW

WKZW (94.3 FM, "KZ-94.3") is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Sandersville, Mississippi, and serving the Laurel-Hattiesburg area. The station is owned by Blakeney Communications, Inc. It airs a Hot Adult Contemporary music format.
WKZW is an affiliate of the Rick and Bubba morning show.
The station was assigned the WKZW call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on April 8, 1998.
The station is also the flagship station for Southern Miss baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="18963679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963679" title="Adelheid Schulz">
Adelheid Schulz

Adelheid "Heidi" Schulz (born 31 March 1955 in Lörrach) was a member of the West German terrorist Red Army Faction.
Early life.
Having trained as a nurse, Schulz moved to Karlsruhe in the early 1970s and took up residence in a flat with Günter Sonnenberg, Knut Folkerts and her boyfriend Christian Klar – who would all at a later time be convicted of terrorist crimes. It was around this time that Schulz was exposed to radicalism, and it was in the seventies that Schulz decided to embark on a life of terrorism.
Terrorism.
Schulz became an important member of the second generation of the Red Army Faction.
Imprisonment and release.
Schulz was charged in connection with nearly all Red Army Faction actions between 1977 and 1981, including the murders of Ponto, Siegfried Buback and Schleyer. She was sentenced to three times life imprisonment. 
In prison she took part in hunger strikes, for which she was force-fed. She described the force-feeding as follows;"hours of nausea, a racing heartbeat, pain, and effects similar to fever. At times one experiences hot flashes; then one is freezing cold." 
The hunger-strikes left Schulz weakened, and on account of her poor health she was released from prison in 1998 and eventually pardoned by President Johannes Rau in 2002.
Schulz now lives in Frankfurt, but is disabled as a result of her continued poor health, stemming from her hunger strikes.

</doc>
<doc id="18963690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963690" title="New York World War II Army airfields">
New York World War II Army airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in New York for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of First Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as United States Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major airfields.
Air Technical Service Command
Air Transport Command
First Air Force
Air Education and Training Command

</doc>
<doc id="18963698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963698" title="Happy Maze">
Happy Maze

快樂迷宮 (meaning "Happy Maze") is a studio album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It is her fifth Cantonese album. It was recorded in 1993 and released in March. 
Track listing.
The songs 《痴心等待》 and 《總算為情認真過》 were featured in the movie 《大頭綠衣鬥殭屍》(Vampire returns). The song 《Chotto 等等》 was one of her first single releases that features a very fast and energetic beat. The song 《親我等於愛我嗎》 was recorded from one of her live concerts. 

</doc>
<doc id="18963699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963699" title="Ohio World War II Army Airfields">
Ohio World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in Ohio for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of First Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as United States Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major airfields.
Army Air Force Training Command
Air Transport Command
Air Technical Service Command

</doc>
<doc id="18963703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963703" title="Macarthur (novel)">
Macarthur (novel)

Macarthur or the Red Book is a 2007 novel by Filipino author Bob Ong. It is the sixth published work from Ong. As with all Bob Ong's published novels, it is notable for its use of contemporary street Filipino words. It is also notable for its departure from the usual Bob Ong formula of using humor to comment on the various ironies of Filipino culture. Instead, it offers a gritty, realistic look at life in a Philippine slum community. 
The title is derived from a slang term for difficult-to-flush faeces — a reference to Douglas MacArthur's famous promise, "I shall return". The cover's background, mostly obscured by the bold typeset of the title and by the red color, depicts a toilet bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="18963708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963708" title="Pennsylvania World War II Army Airfields">
Pennsylvania World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in Pennsylvania for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of First Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as United States Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major Airfields.
Air Technical Service Command
First Air Force
Air Transport Command
Army Air Forces Training Command
Other

</doc>
<doc id="18963709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963709" title="John of Bar">
John of Bar

John of Bar (1380 - 21 October 1415, Agincourt) was lord of Puisaye. He was the son of Robert I of Bar and Marie de France. Like his brother Edward III and his cousin John of Bar, he was killed at the battle of Agincourt.

</doc>
<doc id="18963710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963710" title="ESCAIDE">
ESCAIDE

The European Scientific Conference on Applied Infectious Disease Epidemiology (ESCAIDE) is the annual conference of the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC). ECDC is organizing the event in partnership with the European Programme for Intervention Epidemiology Training (EPIET), the EPIET Alumni network (EAN) and TEPHINET EUROPE (Training Programs in Epidemiology and Public Health Interventions Network). It is a unique opportunity for frontline professionals from national disease control institutes to engage with each other and the wider scientific community.
Aims.
The Conference aims at:
The Conference will be of interest to epidemiologists, microbiologists, clinicians, public health experts, and veterinary and environmental health experts with a professional and scientific interest in applied infectious disease epidemiology.
Over the three-day conference, there will be four plenaries covering:
In addition, there will be an opportunity for detailed discussion and debate in parallel sessions on specialist topics.
ECDC has called for abstracts in the area of applied public health research, outbreak investigations and evaluation of public health surveillance, or any other area in applied epidemiology or public health practice in which results are linked to public health action.
ECDC.
Set up in 2005 and headquartered in Stockholm, the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) is an EU agency which aims to strengthen Europe's defences against infectious diseases. ECDC's mission is to identify, assess and communicate current and emerging threats to human health posed by infectious diseases.
In order to achieve its mission, ECDC works in partnership with national health protection bodies across Europe to strengthen and develop continent-wide disease surveillance and early warning systems. By working with experts throughout Europe, ECDC pools Europe’s health knowledge, so as to develop authoritative scientific opinions about the risks posed by current and emerging infectious diseases.
EPIET.
EPIET is the European Programme for Intervention Epidemiology Training, which provides training and practical experience in intervention epidemiology at the national centres for surveillance and control of communicable diseases in the European Union (EU). Presentation of EPIET diplomas will be the closing event of the Conference.
TEPHINET.
Training Programs in Epidemiology and Public Health Interventions Network Inc (TEPHINET) is a professional alliance of field epidemiology training programs (FETPs) located in thirty-two countries around the world. Trainees of these programs master a set of core competencies, vital to the practice of public health, while providing a valuable public health service. TEPHINET's credo is that public health policy ought to be based on good science, and that the most effective way to train field epidemiologists is through an apprenticeship program.

</doc>
<doc id="18963715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963715" title="Reasons to be pretty">
Reasons to be pretty

reasons to be pretty is a play by Neil LaBute, his first to be staged on Broadway. The plot centers on four young working class friends and lovers who become increasingly dissatisfied with their dead-end lives and each other. Following "The Shape of Things" and "Fat Pig", it is the final installment of a trilogy that focuses on modern day obsession with physical appearance.
Produced by MCC Theater and directed by Terry Kinney, the play premiered at the off-Broadway Lucille Lortel Theater in Greenwich Village on June 2, 2008 and ran through July 5. The cast included Piper Perabo, Pablo Schreiber, Alison Pill, and Thomas Sadoski.
Ben Brantley of "The New York Times" thought the play "has an adolescent awkwardness at times that is the opposite of the contrived jigsaw-puzzle precision associated with Mr. LaBute... The relatively easygoing sprawl of "reasons to be pretty" allows his characters to talk naturally and at leisure as they ponder their own often less-than-pretty natures. In the course of these conversations, you realize anew what a sensitive ear Mr. LaBute has for the uncommonness in common speech — of the individuality within everyday language — and for how people of all levels of education and eloquence use words as instruments of power... What makes this play resonate is less its Big Theme — beauty (or lack thereof) and its discontents — than how that theme illuminates the insecurities of people who don’t feel they have much to offer the world... "reasons to be pretty" is in part about learning to listen. If it stumbles in illustrating this lesson, it also opens its author’s ears to a new, richly human music."
The Broadway production, also directed by Kinney, began previews at the Lyceum Theatre on March 13, 2009, opened on April 2, 2009 and closed on June 14, 2009 after 85 performances. The cast included off-Broadway cast members Thomas Sadoski and Piper Perabo joined by Marin Ireland and Steven Pasquale.
In reviewing the Broadway production for the "Times", Brantley said, "Even more than when I saw it last June, "reasons" flows with the compelling naturalness of overheard conversation" and concluded, "It’s never easy to say what you mean, or to know what you mean to begin with. With a delicacy that belies its crude vocabulary, "reasons to be pretty" celebrates the everyday heroism in the struggle to find out."
In 2011 it was successfully revived in London at the Almeida Theatre with a cast including award winning UK actress Billie Piper, Kieran Bew, Siân Brooke and Tom Burke. It opened to critical acclaim on the press night, 17th of November 2011, with reviewers claiming it 'was one of the best theatre productions' they had seen in 2011.
Reasons to be Pretty's Australian Premiere in May 2012 at the Darlinghurst Theatre in Sydney directed by National Institute of Dramatic Arts graduate James Beach and starring Andrew Henry.
The first Canadian production was presented in Montreal, at Théâtre La Licorne, from November 19 to December 14, 2012 with Quebec French translation by David Laurin and direction by Frédéric Blanchette. The cast of "l'obsession de la beauté" included Anne-Élisabeth Bossé, Maude Giguère, David Laurin and Mathieu Quesnel.
LaBute penned a sequel to the play, "Reasons to be Happy", which premiered in June 2013 at MCC Theatre. It features the same four characters several years later, and starred Jenna Fischer, Josh Hamilton, Leslie Bibb and Fred Weller. 

</doc>
<doc id="18963718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963718" title="Rhode Island World War II Army Airfields">
Rhode Island World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established one airfield in Rhode Island for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
The one airfield was under the command of First Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command) in other states commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of this airfield. The one airfield was converted into a municipal airport, instead of returned to agriculture or being retained as a United States Air Force installation as could have been a front-line bases during the Cold War. There is the possibility that a few of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major Airfields.
First Air Force

</doc>
<doc id="18963723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963723" title="Vermont World War II Army Airfields">
Vermont World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in Vermont for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of First Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as United States Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="18963736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963736" title="Alexandra Boyd">
Alexandra Boyd

Alexandra Boyd is a British actress best known in the UK for playing Clarissa Mason in "Coronation Street". In recent years she has also turned to screenwriting and directing. On British TV she has appeared in several episodes of "Doctors", guest starred in "New Tricks" and appeared in Holby City. She's been a guest on "Loose Women" and is the Head of the Delegation in the 2010 John Travolta/Luc Besson action movie "From Paris with Love". Other movie roles include Sarah Olmstead in "Mr. Holland's Opus" and First Class Woman in James Cameron's "Titanic". She has written and directed her second film Boxer on the Wilderness and has written, is producing and directing her first feature film (The Wilderness).
Early life.
Alexandra was born to a Scottish father and English mother in Bangor, Wales. She grew up in Norwich, Norfolk and was educated at Norwich High School for Girls. She left school at 16 to study full-time at Laine Theatre Arts in Epsom, Surrey. 1986 she enrolled in the post graduate acting course at Drama Studio, London. She co-founded a theatre company that performed Shakespeare and adapted classics for the London and Edinburgh fringe. They also produced English plays for several tours of Italy. In the 1993 tour Alexandra played Eliza Doolittle in Pygmalion.
Career.
Alexandra currently lives in London. She moved back to the UK in 2006 after living in the USA for many years. While living and working in Los Angeles she appeared in films such as Mr Holland’s Opus and Titanic.
On American TV Alexandra made appearances on Party Of Five, Sabrina The Teenage Witch and The Bernie Mac Show. She performed voices for radio commercials & animated features such as The Wild Thornberries. She is the voice of Elaine Marley in "The Curse of Monkey Island", "The Secret of Monkey Island: Special Edition", "Tales of Monkey Island", and "".
On UK TV, she was Clarissa Mason on Coronation Street (Granada TV) and played Dennis Waterman's American love interest in an episode of New Tricks (BBC). She has guest starred in several episodes of BBC1's Doctors and Holby City.
Her theatre credits range from Shakespeare to panto; many Alan Ayckbourn plays; Rita in Educating Rita and Eliza Doolittle in Pygmalion. In 2007 she produced and performed in a one woman show at Hackney Empire.
In November 2009 she co-starred with Danny Webb in VISITING HOURS, a short film written for her and directed by Steve Hughes. The film played at the Milan International Film Festival 2010 and The Los Angeles Short Film Festival 2010 and ENCOUNTERS 2010 in Bristol.
She is the Chief of Delegation in the Luc Beeson (Europacorp) movie From Paris With Love, with John Travolta and Jonathan Rhys Meyers. The movie was directed by Pierre Morel and written and produced by Luc Besson.
Writer Director.
In 2011 Alexandra directed a film called You Don't Have To Fight To Win based on the true story of Henry Mallin and Major Arthur Villiers. The six minute short became the springboard for her screenplay called THE WILDERNESS The script is based on two boys and best friends who were members of the Eton Manor Boys Club founded by Villiers in the East End of London in the early part of the 20th century. Harry Mallin trained there as a boxer and went on to win two Olympic Gold medals in 1920 and 1924. 
Alexandra is producing the film with her production company New Thirty Pictures. She recently wrote and directed a short film that was funded in part by the crowdfunding platform Indiegogo. "Boxer on the Wilderness" is a visual tone-poem that underscores some of the themes of The Wilderness and serves as a teaser/trailer to raise awareness for the feature, underscore Alexandra's skills as a director and, in addition, is designed to attract interest from investors. The film will have a premiere screening for the Indiegogo backers, cast and crew and industry professionals at the Princess Ann Theatre at BAFTA in Piccadilly in early 2014.
Alexandra is co-writing and co-producing a film (working title: Two Wives, Two Lives) set in Kurdistan and London with Kurdish filmmaker Awat Osman Ali.
Alexandra has written a 15 minute short film (Happy Now) The film is set in 1961 in Wales and is about her mother who gave birth to still born twins. She is currently writing a romantic comedy about a woman who lives on a converted barge on the Thames and a low budget ghost story set in Suffolk.
Eco Interior Design.
While living in Los Angeles Alexandra trained as an interior designer at UCLA. She studied with some of the foremost green architects in the United States. She writes a blog about living a green and sustainable lifestyle called How Green Is Your Life.
External links.
New Thirty Pictures

</doc>
<doc id="18963737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963737" title="Virginia World War II Army Airfields">
Virginia World War II Army Airfields

During World War II, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) established numerous airfields in Virginia for training pilots and aircrews of USAAF fighters and bombers.
Most of these airfields were under the command of First Air Force or the Army Air Forces Training Command (AAFTC) (A predecessor of the current-day United States Air Force Air Education and Training Command). However the other USAAF support commands (Air Technical Service Command (ATSC); Air Transport Command (ATC) or Troop Carrier Command) commanded a significant number of airfields in a support roles.
It is still possible to find remnants of these wartime airfields. Many were converted into municipal airports, some were returned to agriculture and several were retained as United States Air Force installations and were front-line bases during the Cold War. Hundreds of the temporary buildings that were used survive today, and are being used for other purposes.
Major Airfields.
Air Technical Service Command
Army Air Force Training Command
First Air Force

</doc>
<doc id="18963738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963738" title="Krista Ayne">
Krista Ayne

Krista Ayne (born July 30, 1982) is an American model and actress who was "Penthouse" Pet of the Month for April 2006. She also has appeared in "Playboy".
Ayne began modeling at the age of nine and has appeared in advertising campaigns for Verizon, Azzure Denim, and Paco Jeans. She appeared in the music video for Jesse McCartney's 2004 single, "Beautiful Soul", and has acted in television and film, appearing in the films "Kettle of Fish" (2006), and "Rockaway" (2007). She also appeared in "The Bleeding" (2009), starring rapper DMX. Ayne has hosted the Fuse TV television series "Pants-Off Dance-Off", Spike's "Bikini Pool Shark", and segments of "The Howard Stern Show". She appeared in an "American Pie"-inspired video for rapper Pittsburgh Slim's 2007 song, "Girls Kiss Girls", that one newspaper called "a YouTube sensation." She was a regular cast member of the softcore Cinemax series "Life on Top".

</doc>
<doc id="18963744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963744" title="Dietes bicolor">
Dietes bicolor

Dietes bicolor (variously known as African iris or Fortnight lily) is a clump-forming rhizomatous perennial plant with long sword-like pale-green leaves, growing from multiple fans at the base of the clump. This species belongs to the Iridaceae (Iris) family. It can form large clumps if left undisturbed for years. This species is common in horticulture in its native South Africa, where it is often used in public gardens, beautification of commercial premises and along roadsides.
The blooms are yellow with three dark purple spots, each surrounded by an orange outline, and are followed by a capsule that may bend the flower stalks to the ground. Ripe seeds (dark brown in colour) are dispersed when the capsule dries and splits.
The leaves of Dietes bicolor are narrower than those of "Dietes grandiflora" and "Dietes iridioides", and tend to arch more.
Cultivation.
Plants prefer dappled-shade to full sun where they will flower in profusion, though they will grow in shaded areas (with an accompanying loss of flower production). This species as well as "Dietes grandiflora" are very drought tolerant.

</doc>
<doc id="18963745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963745" title="USNS Sgt. Curtis F. Shoup (T-AG-175)">
USNS Sgt. Curtis F. Shoup (T-AG-175)

USNS "Sgt. Curtis F. Shoup" (T-AG-175) was a C1-M-AV1 coastal freighter built as Spindle Eye, one of the many named for knots, and acquired by the U.S. Army intended to be a "news transmission ship" for the invasion of Japan The ship was renamed November 1947 by the Army, after serving as a radio relay ship at the Operation Crossroads atomic bomb tests and conversion to an Army passenger-cargo vessel, "Sgt. Curtis F. Shoup" in honor Sergeant Curtis F. Shoup who had been awarded the Medal of Honor. After layup the U.S. Navy acquired the ship as an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship and placed the ship in service as the USNS "Sgt. Curtis F. Shoup". The ship was responsible for a number of tasks, including helicopter delivery, surveying, and oceanographic services. She was struck in 1970 and sold for scrapping.
Constructed in Richmond, California.
"Sgt. Curtis F. Shoup" was laid down on 16 April 1945 under a Maritime Commission Contract as "Spindle Eye" (MC hull 2381) by Kaiser Cargo Inc., Richmond, California Number 4 Yard; launched on 25 May 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Edgar Buttner; and delivered to the Lykes Brothers Steamship Company on 9 July 1945.
World War II-related service.
"Sgt. Curtis F. Shoup" was designed to ferry war correspondents, but World War II ended before she could perform this duty. Hence, most of her early career was spent in the Maritime Administration's National Defense Reserve Fleet.
Vietnam era service.
On 16 January 1963, "Sgt. Curtis F. Shoup" was transferred to the Military Sea Transport Service (MSTS), and she was placed on the Navy List on 1 March. After conversion by Willamette Iron & Steel Works in Portland, Oregon, for service as a helicopter freighter, "Sgt. Curtis F. Shoup" was assigned to MSTS, Pacific Area.
Reporting on 14 June, she teamed up with "Harris County" (LST-822) in the southwest Pacific Ocean, servicing survey sites which were being established to support the nation's missile and space projects.
U.S. Air Force helicopters flew from her deck, and she carried four to six oceanographers from the Naval Oceanographic Office in Washington, D.C.. Charts and sailing directions for the historic World War II area were revised as a result.
In May 1968, USNS "Shoup" conducted various oceanographic operations along a track pattern from roughly 20 to 140 miles from the Egyptian coast.
Final decommissioning.
"Sgt. Curtis F. Shoup" was withdrawn from service and stripped of oceanographic equipment on 20 December 1969. On 22 January 1970, she was returned to the Maritime Administration and laid up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Suisun Bay, California. "Sgt. Curtis F. Shoup" was struck from the Navy List on 28 April 1970. On 9 May 1973, she was sold to Mr. John Liu of Washington, D.C., for non-transportation purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="18963754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963754" title="Viscosity">
Viscosity

The viscosity of a fluid is a measure of its resistance to gradual deformation by shear stress or tensile stress. For liquids, it corresponds to the informal notion of "thickness". For example, honey has a higher viscosity than water.
Viscosity is due to the friction between neighboring particles in a fluid that are moving at different velocities. When the fluid is forced through a tube, the fluid generally moves faster near the axis and very slowly near the walls; therefore, some stress (such as a pressure difference between the two ends of the tube) is needed to overcome the friction between layers and keep the fluid moving. For the same velocity pattern, the stress required is proportional to the fluid's viscosity. A liquid's viscosity depends on the size and shape of its particles and the attractions between the particles.
A fluid that has no resistance to shear stress is known as an ideal fluid or inviscid fluid. Zero viscosity is observed only at very low temperatures, in superfluids. Otherwise all fluids have positive viscosity. If the viscosity is very high, for instance in pitch, the fluid will appear to be a solid in the short term. A liquid whose viscosity is less than that of water is sometimes known as a mobile liquid, while a substance with a viscosity substantially greater than water is called a viscous liquid.
Etymology.
The word "viscosity" is derived from the Latin "", meaning "anything sticky, birdlime made from mistletoe, mistletoe". A viscous glue called birdlime was made from mistletoe berries and was used for lime-twigs to catch birds.
Definition.
Dynamic (shear) viscosity.
The dynamic (shear) viscosity of a fluid expresses its resistance to shearing flows, where adjacent layers move parallel to each other with different speeds. It can be defined through the idealized situation known as a Couette flow, where a layer of fluid is trapped between two horizontal plates, one fixed and one moving horizontally at constant speed formula_1. (The plates are assumed to be very large, so that one need not consider what happens near their edges.)
If the speed of the top plate is small enough, the fluid particles will move parallel to it, and their speed will vary linearly from zero at the bottom to formula_1 at the top. Each layer of fluid will move faster than the one just below it, and friction between them will give rise to a force resisting their relative motion. In particular, the fluid will apply on the top plate a force in the direction opposite to its motion, and an equal but opposite one to the bottom plate. An external force is therefore required in order to keep the top plate moving at constant speed.
The magnitude formula_3 of this force is found to be proportional to the speed formula_1 and the area formula_5 of each plate, and inversely proportional to their separation formula_6. That is,
The proportionality factor "μ" in this formula is the viscosity (specifically, the dynamic viscosity) of the fluid.
The ratio formula_8 is called the "rate of shear deformation" or "shear velocity", and is the derivative of the fluid speed in the direction perpendicular to the plates. Isaac Newton expressed the viscous forces by the differential equation
where formula_10 and formula_11 is the local shear velocity. This formula assumes that the flow is moving along parallel lines and the formula_6 axis, perpendicular to the flow, points in the direction of maximum shear velocity. This equation can be used where the velocity does not vary linearly with formula_6, such as in fluid flowing through a pipe.
Use of the Greek letter mu ("μ") for the dynamic stress viscosity is common among mechanical and chemical engineers, as well as physicists. However, the Greek letter eta ("η") is also used by chemists, physicists, and the IUPAC.
Kinematic viscosity.
The kinematic viscosity is the ratio of the dynamic viscosity "μ" to the density of the fluid "ρ". It is usually denoted by the Greek letter nu ("ν"). 
It is a convenient concept when analyzing the Reynolds number, that expresses the ratio of the inertial forces to the viscous forces:
where formula_16 is a typical length scale in the system.
Bulk viscosity.
When a compressible fluid is compressed or expanded evenly, without shear, it may still exhibit 
a form of internal friction that resists its flow. These forces are related to the rate of compression or expansion by a factor "σ", called the volume viscosity, bulk viscosity or second viscosity.
The bulk viscosity is important only when the fluid is being rapidly compressed or expanded, such as in sound and shock waves. Bulk viscosity explains the loss of energy in those waves, as described by Stokes' law of sound attenuation.
Viscosity tensor.
In general, the stresses within a flow can be attributed partly to the deformation of the material from some rest state (elastic stress), and partly to the rate of change of the deformation over time (viscous stress). In a fluid, by definition, the elastic stress includes only the hydrostatic pressure.
In very general terms, the fluid's viscosity is the relation between the strain rate and the viscous stress. In the Newtonian fluid model, the relationship is by definition a linear map, described by a viscosity tensor that, multiplied by the strain rate tensor (which is the gradient of the flow's velocity), gives the viscous stress tensor.
The viscosity tensor has nine independent degrees of freedom in general. For isotropic Newtonian fluids, these can be reduced to two independent parameters. The most usual decomposition yields the stress viscosity "μ" and the bulk viscosity "σ".
Newtonian and non-Newtonian fluids.
Newton's law of viscosity is a constitutive equation (like Hooke's law, Fick's law, Ohm's law): it is not a fundamental law of nature but an approximation that holds in some materials and fails in others.
A fluid that behaves according to Newton's law, with a viscosity "μ" that is independent of the stress, is said to be Newtonian. Gases, water and many common liquids can be considered Newtonian in ordinary conditions and contexts. There are many non-Newtonian fluids that significantly deviate from that law in some way or other. For example:
Shear thinning liquids are very commonly, but misleadingly, described as thixotropic.
Even for a Newtonian fluid, the viscosity usually depends on its composition and temperature. For gases and other compressible fluids, it depends on temperature and varies very slowly with pressure.
The viscosity of some fluids may depend on other factors. A magnetorheological fluid, for example, becomes thicker when subjected to a magnetic field, possibly to the point of behaving like a solid.
Viscosity in solids.
The viscous forces that arise during fluid flow must not be confused with the elastic forces that arise in a solid in response to shear, compression or extension stresses. While in the latter the stress is proportional to the "amount" of shear deformation, in a fluid it is proportional to the "rate" of deformation over time. (For this reason, Maxwell used the term fugitive elasticity for fluid viscosity.)
However, many liquids (including water) will briefly react like elastic solids when subjected to sudden stress. Conversely, many "solids" (even granite) will flow like liquids, albeit very slowly, even under arbitrarily small stress. Such materials are therefore best described as possessing both elasticity (reaction to deformation) and viscosity (reaction to rate of deformation); that is, being viscoelastic.
Indeed, some authors have claimed that amorphous solids, such as glass and many polymers, are actually liquids with a very high viscosity (e.g.~greater than 1012 Pa·s).
Viscoelastic solids may exhibit both stress viscosity and bulk viscosity. The extensional viscosity is a linear combination of the shear and bulk viscosities that describes the reaction of a solid elastic material to elongation. It is widely used for characterizing polymers.
In geology, earth materials that exhibit viscous deformation at least three times greater than their elastic deformation are sometimes called rheids.
Viscosity measurement.
Viscosity is measured with various types of viscometers and rheometers. A rheometer is used for those fluids that cannot be defined by a single value of viscosity and therefore require more parameters to be set and measured than is the case for a viscometer. Close temperature control of the fluid is essential to acquire accurate measurements, particularly in materials like lubricants, whose viscosity can double with a change of only 5 °C.
For some fluids, viscosity is a constant over a wide range of shear rates (Newtonian fluids). The fluids without a constant viscosity (non-Newtonian fluids) cannot be described by a single number. Non-Newtonian fluids exhibit a variety of different correlations between shear stress and shear rate.
One of the most common instruments for measuring kinematic viscosity is the glass capillary viscometer.
In coating industries, viscosity may be measured with a cup in which the efflux time is measured. There are several sorts of cup- e.g. Zahn cup, Ford viscosity cup- with usage of each type varying mainly according to the industry. The efflux time can also be converted to kinematic viscosities (centistokes, cSt) through the conversion equations.
Also used in coatings, a Stormer viscometer uses load-based rotation in order to determine viscosity. The viscosity is reported in Krebs units (KU), which are unique to Stormer viscometers.
Vibrating viscometers can also be used to measure viscosity. These models such as the "Dynatrol" use vibration rather than rotation to measure viscosity.
"Extensional viscosity" can be measured with various rheometers that apply extensional stress.
Volume viscosity can be measured with an acoustic rheometer.
Apparent viscosity is a calculation derived from tests performed on drilling fluid used in oil or gas well development. These calculations and tests help engineers develop and maintain the properties of the drilling fluid to the specifications required.
Units.
Dynamic viscosity.
The SI physical unit of dynamic viscosity is the pascal-second (Pa·s), (equivalent to (N·s)/m2, or kg/(m·s)). If a fluid with a viscosity of one Pa·s is placed between two plates, and one plate is pushed sideways with a shear stress of one pascal, it moves a distance equal to the thickness of the layer between the plates in one second. Water at 20 °C has a viscosity of 0.001002 Pa·s, while a typical motor oil could have a viscosity of about 0.250 Pa·s.
The cgs physical unit for dynamic viscosity is the "poise" (P), named after Jean Léonard Marie Poiseuille. It is more commonly expressed, particularly in ASTM standards, as "centipoise" (cP). Water at 20 °C has a viscosity of 1.0020 cP.
Kinematic viscosity.
The SI unit of kinematic viscosity is m2/s.
The cgs physical unit for kinematic viscosity is the "stokes" (St), named after George Gabriel Stokes. It is sometimes expressed in terms of "centistokes" (cSt). In U.S. usage, "stoke" is sometimes used as the singular form.
Water at 20 °C has a kinematic viscosity of about 1 cSt.
The kinematic viscosity is sometimes referred to as diffusivity of momentum, because it is analogous to diffusivity of heat and diffusivity of mass. It is therefore used in dimensionless numbers which compare the ratio of the diffusivities.
Fluidity.
The reciprocal of viscosity is "fluidity", usually symbolized by "φ" = 1 / "μ" or "F" = 1 / "μ", depending on the convention used, measured in "reciprocal poise" (cm·s·g−1), sometimes called the "rhe". "Fluidity" is seldom used in engineering practice.
The concept of fluidity can be used to determine the viscosity of an ideal solution. For two components formula_17 and formula_18, the fluidity when "a" and "b" are mixed is
which is only slightly simpler than the equivalent equation in terms of viscosity:
where "χa" and "χb" is the mole fraction of component "a" and "b" respectively, and "μa" and "μb" are the components' pure viscosities.
Non-standard units.
The Reyn is a British unit of dynamic viscosity.
Viscosity index is a measure for the change of kinematic viscosity with temperature. It is used to characterise lubricating oil in the automotive industry.
At one time the petroleum industry relied on measuring kinematic viscosity by means of the Saybolt viscometer, and expressing kinematic viscosity in units of "Saybolt Universal Seconds" (SUS). Other abbreviations such as SSU ("Saybolt Seconds Universal") or SUV ("Saybolt Universal Viscosity") are sometimes used. Kinematic viscosity in centistoke can be converted from SUS according to the arithmetic and the reference table provided in ASTM D 2161.
Molecular origins.
The viscosity of a system is determined by how molecules constituting the system interact. There are no simple but correct expressions for the viscosity of a fluid. The simplest exact expressions are the Green–Kubo relations for the linear shear viscosity or the Transient Time Correlation Function expressions derived by Evans and Morriss in 1985. Although these expressions are each exact, in order to calculate the viscosity of a dense fluid using these relations currently requires the use of molecular dynamics computer simulations.
Gases.
Viscosity in gases arises principally from the molecular diffusion that transports momentum between layers of flow. The kinetic theory of gases allows accurate prediction of the behavior of gaseous viscosity.
Within the regime where the theory is applicable:
James Clerk Maxwell published a famous paper in 1866 using the kinetic theory of gases to study gaseous viscosity. To understand why the viscosity is independent of pressure, consider two adjacent boundary layers (A and B) moving with respect to each other. The internal friction (the viscosity) of the gas is determined by the probability a particle of layer A enters layer B with a corresponding transfer of momentum. Maxwell's calculations show that the viscosity coefficient is proportional to the density, the mean free path, and the mean velocity of the atoms. On the other hand, the "mean free path" is inversely proportional to the density. So an increase in density due to an increase in pressure doesn't result in any change in viscosity.
Relation to mean free path of diffusing particles.
In relation to diffusion, the kinematic viscosity provides a better understanding of the behavior of mass transport of a dilute species. Viscosity is related to shear stress and the rate of shear in a fluid, which illustrates its dependence on the mean free path, "λ", of the diffusing particles.
From fluid mechanics, for a Newtonian fluid, the shear stress, "τ", on a unit area moving parallel to itself, is found to be proportional to the rate of change of velocity with distance perpendicular to the unit area:
for a unit area parallel to the x-z plane, moving along the x axis.
We will derive this formula and show how "μ" is related to "λ".
Interpreting shear stress as the time rate of change of momentum, "p", per unit area "A" (rate of momentum flux) of an arbitrary control surface gives
where formula_23 is the average velocity, along the x axis, of fluid molecules hitting the unit area, with respect to the unit area.
Further manipulation will show
where
Effect of temperature on the viscosity of a gas.
"Sutherland's formula" can be used to derive the dynamic viscosity of an ideal gas as a function of the temperature:
This in turn is equal to
in Sutherland's formula:
Valid for temperatures between 0 < "T" < 555 K with an error due to pressure less than 10% below 3.45 MPa.
According to Sutherland's formula, if the absolute temperature is less than C, the relative change in viscosity for a small change in temperature is greater than the relative change in the absolute temperature, but it is smaller when T is above C. The kinematic viscosity though always increases faster than the temperature (that is, d log(ν)/d log(T) is greater than 1).
Sutherland's constant, reference values and λ values for some gases:
Viscosity of a dilute gas.
The Chapman-Enskog equation may be used to estimate viscosity for a dilute gas. This equation is based on a semi-theoretical assumption by Chapman and Enskog. The equation requires three empirically determined parameters: the collision diameter ("σ"), the maximum energy of attraction divided by the Boltzmann constant ("є"/"к") and the collision integral ("ω"("T*")).
with
Liquids.
In liquids, the additional forces between molecules become important. This leads to an additional contribution to the shear stress though the exact mechanics of this are still controversial. Thus, in liquids:
The dynamic viscosities of liquids are typically several orders of magnitude higher than dynamic viscosities of gases.
Viscosity of blends of liquids.
The viscosity of the blend of two or more liquids can be estimated using the Refutas equation. The calculation is carried out in three steps.
The first step is to calculate the Viscosity Blending Number (VBN) (also called the Viscosity Blending Index) of each component of the blend:
where "ν" is the kinematic viscosity in centistokes (cSt). It is important that the kinematic viscosity of each component of the blend be obtained at the same temperature.
The next step is to calculate the VBN of the blend, using this equation:
where "xX" is the mass fraction of each component of the blend.
Once the viscosity blending number of a blend has been calculated using equation (2), the final step is to determine the kinematic viscosity of the blend by solving equation (1) for "ν":
where "VBNBlend" is the viscosity blending number of the blend.
Viscosity of selected substances.
Air.
The viscosity of air depends mostly on the temperature.
At 15 °C, the viscosity of air is 1.81 kg/(m·s), 18.1 μPa.s or 1.81 Pa.s. The kinematic viscosity at 15 °C is 1.48 m2/s or 14.8 cSt. At 25 °C, the viscosity is 18.6 μPa.s and the kinematic viscosity 15.7 cSt. One can get the viscosity of air as a function of temperature from the Gas Viscosity Calculator
Water.
The dynamic viscosity of water is 8.90 × 10−4 Pa·s or 8.90 × 10−3 dyn·s/cm2 or 0.890 cP at about 25 °C.<br>
Water has a viscosity of 0.0091 poise at 25 °C, or 1 centipoise at 20 °C.<br>
As a function of temperature "T" (K): (Pa·s) = "A" × 10"B"/("T"−"C")<br>
where "A"=2.414 × 10−5 Pa·s ; "B" = 247.8 K ; and "C" = 140 K.
Viscosity of liquid water at different temperatures up to the normal boiling point is listed below.
Other substances.
Some dynamic viscosities of Newtonian fluids are listed below:
Note: Higher viscosity means thicker substance
Viscosity of slurry.
The term slurry describes mixtures of a liquid and solid particles that retain some fluidity. The viscosity of slurry can be described as relative to the viscosity of the liquid phase:
where "μs" and "μl" are respectively the dynamic viscosity of the slurry and liquid (Pa·s), and "μr" is the relative viscosity (dimensionless).
Depending on the size and concentration of the solid particles, several models exist that describe the relative viscosity as a function of volume fraction "ɸ" of solid particles.
In the case of extremely low concentrations of fine particles, Einstein's equation may be used:
In the case of higher concentrations, a modified equation was proposed by Guth and Simha, which takes into account interaction between the solid particles:
Further modification of this equation was proposed by Thomas from the fitting of empirical data:
where "A = 0.00273" and "B = 16.6".
In the case of high shear rates (above 1 kN/m2), another empirical equation was proposed by Kitano "et al." for polymer melts:
where "A = 0.68" for smooth spherical particles.
Viscosity of amorphous materials.
Viscous flow in amorphous materials (e.g. in glasses and melts) is a thermally activated process:
where "Q" is activation energy, "T" is temperature, "R" is the molar gas constant and "A" is approximately a constant.
The viscous flow in amorphous materials is characterized by a deviation from the Arrhenius-type behavior: "Q" changes from a high value "QH" at low temperatures (in the glassy state) to a low value "QL" at high temperatures (in the liquid state). Depending on this change, amorphous materials are classified as either
The fragility of amorphous materials is numerically characterized by the Doremus’ fragility ratio:
and strong material have "RD" < 2 whereas fragile materials have "RD" ≥ 2.
The viscosity of amorphous materials is quite exactly described by a two-exponential equation:
with constants "A1", "A2", "B", "C" and "D" related to thermodynamic parameters of joining bonds of an amorphous material.
Not very far from the glass transition temperature, "Tg", this equation can be approximated by a Vogel-Fulcher-Tammann (VFT) equation.
If the temperature is significantly lower than the glass transition temperature, "T"  "Tg", then the two-exponential equation simplifies to an Arrhenius type equation:
with:
where "Hd" is the enthalpy of formation of broken bonds (termed configuron s) and "Hm" is the enthalpy of their motion. When the temperature is less than the glass transition temperature, "T" < "Tg", the activation energy of viscosity is high because the amorphous materials are in the glassy state and most of their joining bonds are intact.
If the temperature is highly above the glass transition temperature, "T"  "Tg", the two-exponential equation also simplifies to an Arrhenius type equation:
with:
When the temperature is higher than the glass transition temperature, "T" > "Tg", the activation energy of viscosity is low because amorphous materials are melted and have most of their joining bonds broken, which facilitates flow.
Eddy viscosity.
In the study of turbulence in fluids, a common practical strategy for calculation is to ignore the small-scale "vortices" (or "eddies") in the motion and to calculate a large-scale motion with an "eddy viscosity" that characterizes the transport and dissipation of energy in the smaller-scale flow (see "large eddy simulation"). Values of eddy viscosity used in modeling ocean circulation may be from 5×104 to 106 Pa·s depending upon the resolution of the numerical grid.

</doc>
<doc id="18963755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963755" title="Patos Island (Venezuela)">
Patos Island (Venezuela)

Patos Island (, Duck Island) is a small uninhabited island in the southeastern Caribbean Sea. The island is a part of the "Dependencias Federales" (Federal Dependencies) of Venezuela.
Geography.
Patos Island is located about northeast of Caracas in the "Golfo de Paria" (Gulf of Paria). The coordinates are . It lies in the "Boca Grande" strait of the Bocas del Dragón (Dragon's Mouth), approximately 4 km off the coast of mainland Venezuela and about 10 km west-south-west of Chacachacare, which is part of Trinidad and Tobago.
The uninhabited island has an area of only 0.65 square km (0,25 square miles) with a length of and wide with the highest point reaching about 100 meters (328 feet).
History.
Patos Island was part of the former British colony Trinidad and Tobago.
On 26 February 1942 the island became part of Venezuela and was put under the administration of the "Ministerio del Interior y de Justicia" (Ministry of Interior and Justice) as part of the Dependencias Federales.
On 9 August 1972 the island, together with the other islands of the Dependencias Federales, were declared a national park (Archipiélago Los Roques National Park) with the park being established on 18 August.

</doc>
<doc id="18963762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963762" title="Tanya Blount">
Tanya Blount

Tanya Blount (born September 25, 1977, Washington, D.C., United States) is an African American actress, author and musician.
Early life and education.
Blount was educated at Morgan State University, where she majored in psychology and sang in the university choir.
Career.
She secured a recording contract with Polydor Records at age 19, and by 20 was featured in the film, "", where she performed a duet of "His Eye Is on the Sparrow" with Lauryn Hill. Her first album, "Natural Thing", was released in 1994 and peaked at number seven. The album's first single "I'm Gonna Make You Mine" peaked to #57 on Billboard's R&B Singles chart. Two singles followed, "Through the Rain" peaking at #27 on Billboard's R&B Singles chart and "Hold On" at (#66) by 1995 she received a nomination for Best New Artist at the Soul Train Awards.
Blount has had a consistent musical theatre career in productions including "What Every Woman Wants", "Sneaky", "Preacher's Kids", "Born to Sing!" and "Christmas in Washington". 
One of the first appearances of Blount's more recent works, "Right Here", was in the 2008 Tyler Perry film, "The Family That Preys".
She is married to Gospel Recording Artist Michael Trotter Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="18963769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963769" title="Big Revenge">
Big Revenge

Big Revenge () is a studio album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It was recorded in 1993 and released in July. This album contains a mixture of new songs and previously released materials. The single "叮噹" will become one of Sammi's signature hits. 

</doc>
<doc id="18963774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963774" title="Jelena Zanevskaja">
Jelena Zanevskaja

Jelena Zanevskaya is a Lithuanian artistic gymnast who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18963775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963775" title="CD Housing Register">
CD Housing Register

CD Housing Register (or "CD-Housing Register") is a news service (or newsletter) published in Silver Spring, MD by CD Publications.
"CHR" posts Federal Register housing/community development notices, plus related federal notices and announcements.
History.
CD Publications was founded in 1961 as a publisher of housing-related newsletters, beginning with "Housing Affairs Letter". "CD Housing Register" began publication as a print newsletter in 1983.
Current Coverage.
"CHR" reproduces the texts of proposed, interim and final rulings posted to the "Federal Register" online.
Expansion.
Although "CHR" has been online for some years, CD Publications' other housing news services moved onto a new web portal, HousingandDevelopment.com, in 2007. "CHR" was added to the new site.

</doc>
<doc id="18963781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963781" title="WBBN">
WBBN

WBBN (95.9 FM, "B-95") is a radio station licensed to the community of Taylorsville, Mississippi, and serving the Laurel-Hattiesburg area. The station is owned by Blakeney Communications, Inc. It airs a country music format.
The station was assigned the WBBN call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on August 22, 1984.
History.
WBBN began in a mobile home near Calhoun, Mississippi, in 1985 as an automated-assist station (automated equipment with live personalities) and it has built a reputation for the "most accurate news reporting" of all radio stations in the market. The station has since expanded to a more permanent structure, following its success against other competing country stations. B-95 is an ABC Radio affiliate, broadcasting Paul Harvey news and commentary six days a week. B-95 is owned by Blakeney Communications, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18963787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963787" title="Ion">
Ion

An ion () is an atom or molecule in which the total number of electrons is not equal to the total number of protons, giving the atom a net positive or negative electrical charge. 
Ions can be created by both chemical and physical means. In chemical terms, if a neutral atom loses one or more electrons, it has a net positive charge and is known as a cation. If an atom gains electrons, it has a net negative charge and is known as an anion. An ion consisting of a single atom is an atomic or monatomic ion; if it consists of two or more atoms, it is a molecular or polyatomic ion.
In the case of physical ionization of a medium, such as a gas, what are known as "ion pairs" are created by ion impact, and each pair consists of a free electron and a positive ion.
History of discovery.
The word "ion" is the Greek ἰόν, "ion", "going", the present participle of ἰέναι, "ienai", "to go". This term was introduced by English physicist and chemist Michael Faraday in 1834 for the then-unknown species that "goes" from one electrode to the other through an aqueous medium. Faraday did not know the nature of these species, but he knew that since metals dissolved into and entered solution at one electrode, and new metal came forth from solution at the other electrode, that some kind of substance moved through the solution in a current, conveying matter from one place to the other.
Faraday also introduced the words "anion" for a negatively charged ion, and "cation" for a positively charged one. In Faraday's nomenclature, cations were named because they were attracted to the cathode in a galvanic device and anions were named due to their attraction to the anode.
Characteristics.
Ions in their gas-like state are highly reactive, and do not occur in large amounts on Earth, except in flames, lightning, electrical sparks, and other plasmas. These gas-like ions rapidly interact with ions of opposite charge to give neutral molecules or ionic salts. Ions are also produced in the liquid or solid state when salts interact with solvents (for example, water) to produce "solvated ions," which are more stable, for reasons involving a combination of energy and entropy changes as the ions move away from each other to interact with the liquid. These stabilized species are more commonly found in the environment at low temperatures. A common example is the ions present in seawater, which are derived from the dissolved salts.
All ions are charged, which means that like all charged objects they are:
Electrons, due to their smaller mass and thus larger space-filling properties as matter waves, determine the size of atoms and molecules that possess any electrons at all. Thus, anions (negatively charged ions) are larger than the parent molecule or atom, as the excess electron(s) repel each other, and add to the physical size of the ion, because its size is determined by its electron cloud. As such, in general, cations are smaller than the corresponding parent atom or molecule due to the smaller size of its electron cloud. One particular cation (that of hydrogen) contains no electrons, and thus is "very much smaller" than the parent hydrogen atom.
Anions and cations.
Since the electric charge on a proton is equal in magnitude to the charge on an electron, the net electric charge on an ion is equal to the number of protons in the ion minus the number of electrons.
An "anion" (−) ( ), from the Greek word ἄνω ("ánō"), meaning "up", is an ion with more electrons than protons, giving it a net negative charge (since electrons are negatively charged and protons are positively charged).
A "cation" (+) ( ), from the Greek word κατά ("katá"), meaning "down", is an ion with fewer electrons than protons, giving it a positive charge.
There are additional names used for ions with multiple charges. For example, an ion with a −2 charge is known as a dianion and an ion with a +2 charge is known as a dication. A zwitterion is a neutral molecule with positive and negative charges at different locations within that molecule.
Natural occurrences.
Ions are ubiquitous in nature and are responsible for diverse phenomena from the luminescence of the Sun to the existence of the Earth's ionosphere. Atoms in their ionic state may have a different color from neutral atoms, and thus light absorption by metal ions gives the color of gemstones. In both inorganic and organic chemistry (including biochemistry), the interaction of water and ions is extremely important; an example is the energy that drives breakdown of adenosine triphosphate (ATP). The following sections describe contexts in which ions feature prominently; these are arranged in decreasing physical length-scale, from the astronomical to the microscopic.
Astronomical.
A collection of non-aqueous gas-like ions, or even a gas containing a proportion of charged particles, is called a plasma. Greater than 99.9% of visible matter in the Universe may be in the form of plasmas. These include our Sun and other stars and the space between planets, as well as the space in between stars. Plasmas are often called the "fourth state of matter" because their properties are substantially different from those of solids, liquids, and gases. Astrophysical plasmas predominantly contain a mixture of electrons and protons (ionized hydrogen).
Related technology.
Ions can be non-chemically prepared using various ion sources, usually involving high voltage or temperature. These are used in a multitude of devices such as mass spectrometers, optical emission spectrometers, particle accelerators, ion implanters, and ion engines.
As reactive charged particles, they are also used in air purification by disrupting microbes, and in household items such as smoke detectors.
As signaling and metabolism in organisms are controlled by a precise ionic gradient across membranes, the disruption of this gradient contributes to cell death. This is a common mechanism exploited by natural and artificial biocides, including the ion channels gramicidin and amphotericin (a fungicide).
Inorganic dissolved ions are a component of total dissolved solids, an indicator of water quality in the world.
Detection of ionising radiation.
The ionising effect of radiation on a gas is extensively used for the detection of radiation such as alpha, beta, gamma and X-rays. The original ionisation event in these instruments results in the formation of an "ion pair"; a positive ion and a free electron, by ion impact by the radiation on the gas molecules. The ionization chamber is the simplest of these detectors, and collects all the charges created by "direct ionisation" within the gas through the application of an electric field. 
The Geiger–Müller tube and the proportional counter both use a phenomenon known as a Townsend avalanche to multiply the effect of the original ionising event by means of a cascade effect whereby the free electrons are given sufficient energy by the electric field to release further electrons by ion impact.
Chemistry.
Notation.
Denoting the charged state.
When writing the chemical formula for an ion, its net charge is written in superscript immediately after the chemical structure for the molecule/atom. The net charge is written with the magnitude "before" the sign; that is, a doubly charged cation is indicated as 2+ instead of +2. However, the magnitude of the charge is omitted for singly charged molecules/atoms; for example, the sodium cation is indicated as Na+ and "not" Na1+. 
An alternative (and acceptable) way of showing a molecule/atom with multiple charges is by drawing out the signs multiple times; this is often seen with transition metals. Chemists sometimes circle the sign; this is merely ornamental and does not alter the chemical meaning. All three representations of shown in the figure are, thus, equivalent.
Monatomic ions are sometimes also denoted with Roman numerals; for example, the example seen above is occasionally referred to as Fe(II) or FeII. The Roman numeral designates the "formal oxidation state" of an element, whereas the superscripted numerals denotes the net charge. The two notations are, therefore, exchangeable for monatomic ions, but the Roman numerals "cannot" be applied to polyatomic ions. However, it is possible to mix the notations for the individual metal center with a polyatomic complex, as shown by the uranyl ion example.
Sub-classes.
If an ion contains unpaired electrons, it is called a "radical" ion. Just like uncharged radicals, radical ions are very reactive. Polyatomic ions containing oxygen, such as carbonate and sulfate, are called "oxyanions". Molecular ions that contain at least one carbon to hydrogen bond are called "organic ions". If the charge in an organic ion is formally centered on a carbon, it is termed a "carbocation" (if positively charged) or "carbanion" (if negatively charged).
Formation.
Formation of monatomic ions.
Monatomic ions are formed by the gain or loss of electrons to the valence shell (the outer-most electron shell) in an atom. The inner shells of an atom are filled with electrons that are tightly bound to the positively charged atomic nucleus, and so do not participate in this kind of chemical interaction. The process of gaining or losing electrons from a neutral atom or molecule is called "ionization".
Atoms can be ionized by bombardment with radiation, but the more usual process of ionization encountered in chemistry is the transfer of electrons between atoms or molecules. This transfer is usually driven by the attaining of stable ("closed shell") electronic configurations. Atoms will gain or lose electrons depending on which action takes the least energy.
For example, a sodium atom, Na, has a single electron in its valence shell, surrounding 2 stable, filled inner shells of 2 and 8 electrons. Since these filled shells are very stable, a sodium atom tends to lose its extra electron and attain this stable configuration, becoming a sodium cation in the process
On the other hand, a chlorine atom, Cl, has 7 electrons in its valence shell, which is one short of the stable, filled shell with 8 electrons. Thus, a chlorine atom tends to "gain" an extra electron and attain a stable 8-electron configuration, becoming a chloride anion in the process:
This driving force is what causes sodium and chlorine to undergo a chemical reaction, wherein the "extra" electron is transferred from sodium to chlorine, forming sodium cations and chloride anions. Being oppositely charged, these cations and anions form ionic bonds and combine to form sodium chloride, NaCl, more commonly known as table salt.
Formation of polyatomic and molecular ions.
Polyatomic and molecular ions are often formed by the gaining or losing of elemental ions such as a proton, H+, in neutral molecules. For example, when ammonia, NH3, accepts a proton, H+—a process called protonation—it forms the ammonium ion, NH4+. Ammonia and ammonium have the same number of electrons in essentially the same electronic configuration, but ammonium has an extra proton that gives it a net positive charge.
Ammonia can also lose an electron to gain a positive charge, forming the ion . However, this ion is unstable, because it has an incomplete valence shell around the nitrogen atom, making it a very reactive radical ion.
Due to the instability of radical ions, polyatomic and molecular ions are usually formed by gaining or losing elemental ions such as , rather than gaining or losing electrons. This allows the molecule to preserve its stable electronic configuration while acquiring an electrical charge.
Ionization potential.
The energy required to detach an electron in its lowest energy state from an atom or molecule of a gas with less net electric charge is called the "ionization potential", or "ionization energy". The "n"th ionization energy of an atom is the energy required to detach its "n"th electron after the first "n − 1" electrons have already been detached.
Each successive ionization energy is markedly greater than the last. Particularly great increases occur after any given block of atomic orbitals is exhausted of electrons. For this reason, ions tend to form in ways that leave them with full orbital blocks. For example, sodium has one "valence electron" in its outermost shell, so in ionized form it is commonly found with one lost electron, as . On the other side of the periodic table, chlorine has seven valence electrons, so in ionized form it is commonly found with one gained electron, as . Caesium has the lowest measured ionization energy of all the elements and helium has the greatest. In general, the ionization energy of metals is much lower than the ionization energy of nonmetals, which is why, in general, metals will lose electrons to form positively charged ions and nonmetals will gain electrons to form negatively charged ions.
Ionic bonding.
"Ionic bonding" is a kind of chemical bonding that arises from the mutual attraction of oppositely charged ions. Ions of like charge repel each other, and ions of opposite charge attract each other. Therefore ions do not usually exist on their own, but will bind with ions of opposite charge to form a crystal lattice. The resulting compound is called an "ionic compound", and is said to be held together by "ionic bonding". In ionic compounds there arise characteristic distances between ion neighbors from which the spatial extension and the ionic radius of individual ions may be derived.
The most common type of ionic bonding is seen in compounds of metals and nonmetals (except noble gases, which rarely form chemical compounds). Metals are characterized by having a small number of electrons in excess of a stable, closed-shell electronic configuration. As such, they have the tendency to lose these extra electrons in order to attain a stable configuration. This property is known as "electropositivity". Non-metals, on the other hand, are characterized by having an electron configuration just a few electrons short of a stable configuration. As such, they have the tendency to gain more electrons in order to achieve a stable configuration. This tendency is known as "electronegativity". When a highly electropositive metal is combined with a highly electronegative nonmetal, the extra electrons from the metal atoms are transferred to the electron-deficient nonmetal atoms. This reaction produces metal cations and nonmetal anions, which are attracted to each other to form a "salt".
Chemical applications.
Each successive ionization energy is markedly greater than the last. Particularly great increases occur after any given block of atomic orbitals is exhausted of electrons. For this reason, ions tend to form in ways that leave them with full orbital blocks. For example, sodium has one "valence electron" in its outermost shell, so in ionized form it is commonly found with one lost electron, as . On the other side of the periodic table, chlorine has seven valence electrons, so in ionized form it is commonly found with one gained electron, as . Caesium has the lowest measured ionization energy of all the elements and helium has the greatest. In general, the ionization energy of metals is much lower than the ionization energy of nonmetals, which is why, in general, metals will lose electrons to form positively charged ions and nonmetals will gain electrons to form negatively charged ions.

</doc>
<doc id="18963789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963789" title="Endeavour Reef">
Endeavour Reef

Endeavour Reef is a coral reef within the Great Barrier Reef. The reef is about long and runs in an east-west direction. The center of the reef is located at . It is about south-east of the Hope Islands in the Hope Islands National Park and off the mainland.
It was encountered by Lieutenant James Cook when HM Bark "Endeavour" ran aground there on 11 June 1770. In his journals, Cook described striking the south-eastern end of the reef at 11pm after having passed just north of Pickersgill Reef about one hour before. 
Philip Parker King described the region in his "Voyages for the Survey of the Intertropical coasts of Australia" Volume 2 following his expeditions between 1818 and 1820. King described the reef as being "... nine miles long; it lies in a North-West direction; the north end, in 15 degrees 39 minutes South, bears due from the North-east Hope." and stated that there was a dry rock on the western edge "... in latitude 15 degrees 39 minutes 55 seconds." It is probable that he was referring to Claims Reef which is further to the north.
In 1969 a search discovered the six abandoned cannons, ballast and an anchor which had been discarded by the "Endeavour" crew in 1770 whilst attempting to refloat the ship. One of the cannon is on display at the Australian National Maritime Museum in Darling Harbour, Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="18963790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963790" title="Ten Commandments (Sammi Cheng album)">
Ten Commandments (Sammi Cheng album)

Ten Commandments () is a studio album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It was recorded in 1994 and released in April.

</doc>
<doc id="18963800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963800" title="Marc Estrin">
Marc Estrin

Marc Estrin (born April 20, 1939) is an American writer and political activist. 
Early life and education.
Estrin was born in Brooklyn, New York. He attended Queens College, studying chemistry and biology, then studied theater directing at UCLA. Estrin came to novel-writing late. In the fall of 1998, he and his wife Donna were on holiday in Prague and decided to visit the grave of Franz Kafka, whose work had always been important to him. His father had challenged him to read "The Magic Mountain" during the summer before he attended college. He left a note on the grave, inviting Kafka to drop by if he ever found himself in Burlington. Through the 1960s he worked in various repertory theaters in the United States, including the Pittsburgh Playhouse and the San Francisco Actor's Workshop. But the Vietnam War and Bertold Brecht inspired him to become politically active.
He helped found and was the first coordinator of the Burlington Peace and Justice Center, working on anti-war campaigns, and most recently has stood for seven years in all weather with a Monday-through-Friday peace vigil in Burlington. His current political work focuses on two arenas: a just settlement between Palestine and Israel and what he considers to be crucially unanswered questions of 9/11. These political issues are discussed in some of his writings. In 1985, he enrolled in the Starr King School for the Ministry and became an ordained Unitarian Universalist minister in 1988, and was active in the church, but found it conflicted with his political work. He is also a cellist and vocalist who has worked with several orchestras including the "Vermont Philharmonic Orchestra", the "Lyric Theater" Orchestra, the "Vermont Symphony Chorus".
Writing career.
Estrin said that the concept, an outline and the opening episodes of "Insect Dreams" arrived in Vermont one morning at 3 AM, three weeks after he visited Kafka's grave. "Insect Dreams" appeared from "BlueHen/Putnam" in 2002. Since then it has been re-released (by "Unbridled Books"). The book has the insect/man from Franz Kafka's "The Metamorphosis" meet several historical literary figures. "The New York Times" mentioned the character's generosity and "heroic persistence." "The Washington Post" questioned whether fiction was the best vehicle for Estrin's passion for ideas. The "San Francisco Chronicle" placed it in one of their top 100 books for the year in 2002. 
"Insect Dreams" was not the first Estrin book to be published. In 1971, Dell Publishing released "reCreation: Some Notes on What’s What and What You Might Be Able To Do About What’s What," a "Whole Earth Catalog"-like book which fat liberationists have considered helpful. In 2004, "Chelsea Green" released an analysis by Estrin of the work of Peter Schumann through his cultural activist theater. Of "The Lamentations of Julius Marantz" (Unbridled Books, 2007), the reviewer for the "San Francisco Chronicle" said the story had heart, but turned into a "bit of a nonnarrative mess" at the end, and "The New York Times" said it was full of anachronistic mistakes, and the protagonist dull, the book full of Estrin's own enthusiasms.

</doc>
<doc id="18963804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963804" title="Michigan Madness">
Michigan Madness

Michigan Madness were a USISL soccer club based in Ann Arbor, Michigan that played for two seasons. They began operations in 1995 as the Ann Arbor Elites and prior to the 1996 season, became the Madness. Before the 1997 season, the club folded.

</doc>
<doc id="18963807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963807" title="Day After Tomorrow (Joan Baez album)">
Day After Tomorrow (Joan Baez album)

Day After Tomorrow is an album from American singer and musician Joan Baez, released in 2008. The album features songs written by such composers as Tom Waits, Elvis Costello, T Bone Burnett, Patty Griffin, Thea Gilmore and Steve Earle. Steve Earle also produced the album. It was recorded in Nashville between December 2007 and March 2008.
The album is released by Proper records in Europe and Razor & Tie in North America. It debuted on the UK Albums Chart at number 100. In the US it became her first charting album in 29 years, reaching number 128 on the Billboard 200 in its opening week.

</doc>
<doc id="18963811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963811" title="Boardman House">
Boardman House

Boardman House can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18963824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963824" title="Jacksonville Breeze">
Jacksonville Breeze

Jacksonville Breeze is a team in the Legends Football League based in Jacksonville, Florida. They play their home games at Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Arena.
The team originated as the Tampa Breeze in 2009, the inaugural year for what was then the Lingerie Football League. They played their home games at Tampa Bay Times Forum in downtown Tampa, Florida. They relocated to Jacksonville in September 2012. Most of the team's players are recruited from the pool of local athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="18963840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963840" title="Time, Place, Person">
Time, Place, Person

Time, Place, Person () is a studio album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It was recorded in 1994 and released in August. This album contains three new songs, several remixes and previously released songs. 

</doc>
<doc id="18963843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963843" title="Indian American">
Indian American

Indian Americans (or Asian Indians) are Americans of Indian ancestry and comprise about 2.84 million people, or about 0.9% of the U.S. population, the country's third largest self-reported Asian ancestry group after Chinese Americans and Filipino Americans, according to American Community Survey of 2010 data. The U.S. Census Bureau uses the term Asian Indian to avoid confusion with the indigenous peoples of the Americas commonly referred to as American Indians.
History.
The term: Indian.
In the Americas, historically, "Indian" had been most commonly used to refer to the indigenous peoples. Qualifying terms such as "American Indian" and "East Indian" were and are commonly used to avoid ambiguity.
While "East Indian" remains in use, the term "South Asian" is often chosen instead. The U.S. government coined "Native American" to refer to the indigenous peoples of the United States, but "American Indian" remains popular among the indigenous and general populations.
People of Indian origin often prefer the term "Desi" to refer to the diasporic subculture of South Asians. Indian Americans are categorized as "Asian Indian" (and more broadly, Asian American) by the United States Census Bureau.
Arrival in the U.S..
It was after the Luce–Celler Act of 1946 that Indian Americans were restored naturalization rights in the United States. A number of Indian Americans came to the U.S. via Indian communities in other countries including the United Kingdom, Canada, South Africa, Mauritius, Malaysia, Singapore, Suriname, Guyana, Fiji, Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda, Trinidad & Tobago, and Jamaica.
Demographics.
According to the 2010 United States Census, the Asian Indian population in the United States grew from almost 1,678,765 in 2000 (0.6% of U.S. population) to 2,843,391 in 2010 (0.9% of U.S. population), a growth rate of 69.37%, one of the fastest growing ethnic groups in the United States, although it is still one of the smallest communities in the US, not even one percent.
The New York-Newark-Bridgeport, NY-NJ-CT-PA Combined Statistical Area, consisting of New York City, Long Island, and adjacent areas within New York, as well as nearby areas within the states of New Jersey (extending to Trenton), Connecticut (extending to Bridgeport), and including Pike County, Pennsylvania, was home to an estimated 614,214 Indian Americans as of the 2012 American Community Survey by the U.S. Census Bureau, comprising by far the largest Indian American population of any metropolitan area in the United States; New York City itself also contains by far the highest Indian American population of any individual city in North America, at approximately 207,414. As of May 2013, Indian airline carriers Air India and Jet Airways as well as United States airline carrier United Airlines were all offering direct flights from the New York City Metropolitan Area to and from India. At least twenty Indian American enclaves characterized as a Little India have emerged in the New York City Metropolitan Area.
Other metropolitan areas with large Indian American populations include Baltimore–Washington, Boston, Chicago, Dallas–Ft. Worth, Detroit, Houston, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, and San Francisco–San Jose–Oakland.
U.S. metropolitan areas with large Asian Indian populations.
While the table above provides a picture of the population of Indian American (alone) and Asian Americans (alone) in some of the metropolitan areas of the US, it is incomplete as it does NOT include multi-racial Asian Americans. Please note that data for multi-racial Asian Americans has not yet been released by the US Census Bureau.
Historical population.
Note: Pre-1980 data refers to ethnic "Hindus".
Statistics on Indians in the U.S..
In the year 2006, of the total 1,266,264 legal immigrants to the United States, 58,072 were from India. Immigration from India is currently at its highest level in history. Between 2000 and 2006, 421,006 Indian immigrants were admitted to the U.S., up from 352,278 during the 1990–1999 period. According to the 2000 U.S. census, the overall growth rate for Indians from 1990 to 2000 was 105.87 percent. The average growth rate for the whole of USA was only 7.6 percent.
Indians comprise 16.4 percent of the Asian-American community. They are the third largest in the Asian American population. In 2000, of all the foreign born population in U.S., Indians were 1.007 million. From 2000 onwards the growth rate and the per cent rate of Indians amongst all the immigrants has increased by over 100 percent. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, between 1990 and 2000, the Indian population in the U.S. grew 130% — 10 times the national average of 13%.
Indian Americans are the third largest Asian American ethnic group today, following Chinese Americans and Filipino Americans.
A joint Duke University – UC Berkeley study revealed that Indian immigrants have founded more engineering and technology companies from 1995 to 2005 than immigrants from the UK, China, Taiwan and Japan combined. A University of California, Berkeley, study reported that one-third of the engineers in Silicon Valley are of Indian descent, while 7% of valley hi-tech firms are led by Indian CEOs.
Socioeconomic.
Education.
Indian Americans continuously outpace most ethnic groups socioeconomically to reach the summit of the U.S. Census charts. Indian Americans, along with other Asian Americans, have attained the highest educational levels of all ethnic groups in the U.S. 71% of all Indians have a bachelor's or high degree (compared to 28% nationally and 44% average for all Asian American groups). Almost 40% of all Indians in the United States have a master’s, doctorate or other professional degree, which is five times the national average. Thomas Friedman, in his recent book, "The World is Flat", explains this trend in terms of brain drain, whereby the best and brightest elements in India emigrate to the U.S. in order to seek better financial opportunities.
Economics.
According to the 2010 U.S. Census, Indian Americans had the highest household income of all ethnic groups in the United States.
According to the American Association of Physicians of Indian Origin, there are close to 35,000 Indian American doctors.
Among Indian Americans, 72.3% participate in the U.S. work force, of which 57.7% are employed in managerial and professional specialties. As of 2010 66.3% of Indian Americans are employed in select professional and managerial specialties compared with the national average of 35.9%.
In 2002, there were over 223,000 Asian Indian-owned firms in the U.S., employing more than 610,000 workers, and generating more than $88 billion in revenue.
Culture.
Entertainment.
Hindi radio stations are available in areas with high Indian populations, for example, Easy96.com in the New York tri - state areas, KLOK 1170 AM IN San Francisco, RBC Radio; Radio Humsafar, Desi Junction in Chicago; Radio Salaam Namaste in Dallas; and Music Masala, FunAsia Radio, Sangeet Radio, Radio Naya Andaz in Houston and Washington Bangla Radio on Internet from the Washington DC Metro Area. There are also some radio stations broadcasting in Tamil and Telugu within these communities. Houston based Kannada Kaaranji radio focuses on a multitude of programs for children and adults.
South Asian magazine, SBR MAGAZINE(Style & Beauty Resource - Previously known as "Sabse Bada Rupaiya Magazine"), one of the world’s leading publications, offers readers a print and online magazine filled with various beauty, health, fashion, and entertainment news and updates targeted to the young professionals in the Indian community nationwide.
Several cable and satellite television providers offer Indian channels: Sony TV, Zee TV, Star Plus, Sahara One, Colors, Big Magic, regional channels, and others have offered Indian content for subscription, such as the Cricket World Cup.
Many metropolitan areas with large Indian-American populations now have movie theaters which specialize in showing Indian movies, especially from Bollywood.
In July 2005, MTV premiered a spin-off network called MTV Desi which targets Indian Americans. It has been discontinued by MTV.
In 2012, the film "Not a Feather, but a Dot" was released which investigates the history, perceptions and changes in the Indian-American community over the last century.
Religions.
Communities of Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Jains, Buddhists, Parsis, Jews, from India have established their religions in the United States. According to 2012 Pew Research Center, 51% Consider themselves Hindus, 18% as Christians (Protestant 11%, Catholic 5%, Other Christian 3%), 10% as Muslims, 5% as Sikh, 2% as Jain and 10% are Unaffiliated.
The first religious centre of an Indian religion to be established in the US was a Sikh Gurudwara in Stockton, California in 1912. Today there are many Sikh Gurudwaras, Hindu, Buddhist and Jain Temples in all the 50 states.
As of 2008, the American Hindu population was around 2.2 million, and Hindus are the majority of Indian Americans. Many sects such as ISKCON, Swaminarayan Sampraday, BAPS Swaminarayan Sanstha, Chinmaya Mission, and Swadhyay Pariwar are well-established in the U.S. Hindu Americans have formed the Hindu American Foundation which represents American Hindus and aims to educate people about Hinduism.
Swami Vivekananda brought Hinduism to the West at the 1893 Parliament of the World's Religions. The Vedanta Society has been important in subsequent Parliaments. Today, many Hindu temples, most of them built by Indian Americans have emerged in different cities and towns in the United States. More than 18 million Americans are now practicing some form of Yoga. Kriya Yoga was introduced to America by Paramahansa Yogananda. In addition, A.C Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada initiated the popular ISKCON also known as Hare Krishna movement while preaching Bhakti yoga.
Indian Muslim Americans generally congregate with other American Muslims, including those from Pakistan and Bangladesh, but there are prominent organizations such as the Indian Muslim Council - USA.
Adherents of Jainism first arrived in the United States in the 20th century. The most significant time of Jain immigration was in the early 1970s. The United States has since become a center of the Jain Diaspora. The Federation of Jain Associations in North America is an umbrella organization of local American and Canadian Jain congregations to preserve, practice, and promote Jainism and the Jain Way of Life.
There are many Indian Christian churches across the US; Church of South India, Church of North India, Syro-Malabar Catholic Church, Syro-Malankara Catholic Church, Knanaya, Indian Orthodox Church, Mar Thoma Church (reformed orthodox), Malankara Syriac Orthodox Church, The Pentecostal Mission, Plymouth Brethren, and the India Pentecostal Church of God. As with other Asian Americans, Indian Americans are more likely to be Christian, and especially Protestant, than their compatriots in their original homeland due to the fact that many Protestants in India emigrate to America because of the impact of efforts previously made by American Puritan missionaries in India for the spread of Christian faith. Such impact can be seen with the significant presence of Indian Evangelicals in mainstream American Churches. Indian American Protestants share similar values with their American counterparts such as influence of Gospel music within their churches, non-idol worshipping nature, Evangelical activities for heathens etc. The Indian Christian Americans have formed the "Federation of Indian American Christian Organizations of North America (FIACONA)" to represent a network of Indian Christian Organizations in the United States and Canada. FIACONA estimates the Indian American Christian population to be 600,000.
There are also Catholic Indians hailing originally from Goa and Kerala, who attend the same services as other American Catholics, but may celebrate the feast of Saint Francis Xavier as a special event of their identity.
The large Parsi community is represented by the Federation of Zoroastrian Associations of North America. Indian Jews are perhaps the smallest organized religious group among Indian Americans, consisting of approximately 350 members in the United States. They form the "Indian Jewish Congregation of USA" with headquarters in New York City.
Ethnicity.
Like the terms "Asian American" or "South Asian American", the term "Indian American" is also an umbrella label applying to a variety of views, values, lifestyles, and appearances. Although Asian-Indian Americans retain a high ethnic identity, they are known to assimilate into American culture while at the same time keeping the culture of their ancestors. They may assimilate more easily than many other immigrant groups because they have fewer language barriers (since English is widely spoken in India among professional classes), more educational credentials (as Indian immigrants are disproportionately well-educated), and come from a democratic society. Additionally, Indian culture, like many other Asian cultures, puts emphasis upon achievement and personal responsibility of the individual as a reflection upon the family and community.
In countries such as the United States, Canada, and until more recently, the United Kingdom, there has been a large influx of Indian immigrants, beginning in the late 1960s. As a result of assimilation, mixed Caucasian and Indian backgrounds are becoming more prevalent. The 2001 U.S. Census Bureau’s publication of the 56,497,000 married couples, shows that overall the percentage of Indian males married to White females (7.1%) was higher than Indian females marrying with White males (3.7%); whilst for those who were US born the reverse was true with more Indian females marrying with White males (39.1%) than Indian males married to White females (27.3%).
Linguistic affiliation.
The United States is also home to associations of Indians united by linguistic affiliation. Some major organizations include, Association of Kannada Kootas of America (AKKA), Federation of Kerala Associations in North America, Federation of Tamil Sangams of North America, North American Bengali Conference and Orissa Society of the Americas. These associations generally put on cultural programs, plays, and concerts during some major Hindu festivals such as Diwali, Holi, Ganesh Chaturthi and other religious (e.g., Christian) and cultural events such as Christmas and New Year.
Immigration and progression timeline.
Classification.
According to the current parameters defining the official U.S. racial categories employed by the United States Census Bureau, Office of Management and Budget and other U.S. government agencies, American citizens or resident aliens who marked ""Asian-Indian"" as their ancestry or wrote in a term that automatically gets classified as an ""Asian-Indian"" gets classified as part of the Asian race on the 2000 US Census. As with other modern official U.S. government racial categories, the term "Asian" is in itself a broad and heterogeneous classification, encompassing all peoples with origins in the original peoples of the Far East, Southeast Asia, and the Indian subcontinent. For further discussion on the term Asian American, please see that article.
In previous decades, Indian Americans were also variously classified as White American, the "Hindu race", and Other. Even today, where individual Indian Americans do not racially self-identify, and instead report Muslim (or a sect of Islam such as Shi'ite or Sunni), Jewish, and Zoroastrian as their "race" in the "Some other race" section without noting their country of origin, they are automatically tallied as white. This may result in the counting of persons such as Indian Muslims, Indian Jews, and Indian Zoroastrians as white, if they solely report their religious heritage without their national origin.
Current social issues.
Discrimination.
In the 1980s, a gang known as the Dotbusters specifically targeted Indian Americans in Jersey City, New Jersey with violence and harassment. Studies of racial discrimination, as well as stereotyping and scapegoating of Indian Americans have been conducted in recent years. In particular, racial discrimination of Indian Americans in the workplace has been correlated with Indophobia due to the rise in outsourcing/offshoring paranoia, whereby Indian Americans are blamed for US companies offshoring white-collar labor to India. According to the offices of the Congressional Caucus on India, many Indian Americans are severely concerned of a backlash, though nothing serious has taken place yet. Due to various socio-cultural reasons, implicit racial discrimination against Indian Americans largely go unreported by the Indian American community.
Numerous cases of religious stereotyping of American Hindus (mainly of Indian origin) have also been documented.
Since the September 11, 2001 attacks, there have been scattered incidents of Indian Americans becoming mistaken targets for hate crimes. In one example, a Sikh, Balbir Singh Sodhi, was murdered at a Phoenix gas station by a white supremacist. This happened after September 11, and the murderer claimed that his turban made him think that the victim was a Middle Eastern American. In another example, a pizza deliverer was mugged and beaten in Massachusetts for "being Muslim" though the victim pleaded with the assailants that he was in fact Hindu. In December, 2012, an Indian American in New York City was pushed from behind onto the tracks at the 40th Street-Lowery Street station in Sunnyside and killed. The police arrested a woman, Erika Menendez, who admitted to the act and justified it, stating that she shoved him onto the tracks because she believed he was "a Hindu or a Muslim" and she wanted to retaliate for the attacks of Sep 11, 2001.
In 2004, New York Senator Hillary Clinton joked at a fundraising event with South Asians for Nancy Farmer that Mahatma Gandhi owned a gas station in downtown St. Louis, fueling the stereotype that gas stations are owned by Indians and other South Asians. She clarified in the speech later that she was just joking, but still received some criticism for the statement later on for which she apologized again.
On April 5, 2006, the Hindu Mandir of Minnesota was vandalized allegedly on the basis of religious discrimination. The vandals damaged temple property leading to $200,000 worth of damage.
On August 11, 2006, Senator George Allen allegedly referred to an opponent's political staffer of Indian ancestry as "macaca" and commenting, "Welcome to America, to the real world of Virginia". Some members of the Indian American community saw Allen's comments, and the backlash that may have contributed to Allen losing his re-election bid, as demonstrative of the power of YouTube in the 21st century.
In 2006, then Delaware Senator and current U.S. Vice President Joe Biden was caught on microphone saying: "In Delaware, the largest growth in population is Indian-Americans moving from India. You cannot go to a 7-Eleven or a Dunkin' Donuts unless you have a slight Indian accent. I'm not joking."
Illegal Immigration.
In 2009, the Department of Homeland Security estimated that there were two hundred
thousand (200,000) Indian unauthorized immigrants; they are the sixth largest nationality (tied with Koreans) of illegal immigrants behind Mexico, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and the Philippines. Indian Americans are also the fastest growing illegal immigrant group in the United States, with an increase in illegal immigration of 125% since 2000.
Immigration.
Indians are among the largest ethnic groups legally immigrating to the United States. The immigration of Indians has taken place in several waves since the first Indian came to the United States in the 1700s. A major wave of immigration to California from the region of Punjab took place in the first decade of the 20th century. Another significant wave followed in the 1950s which mainly included students and professionals. The elimination of immigration quotas in 1965 spurred successively larger waves of immigrants in the late 1970s and early 1980s. With the technology boom of the 1990s, the largest influx of Indians arrived between 1995 and 2000. This latter group has also caused surge in the application for various immigration benefits including applications for green card. This has resulted in long waiting periods for people born in India from receiving these benefits.
As of 2012, over 330,000 Indians were on the visa wait list, third only to Mexico and The Philippines.
Politics.
Several groups have tried to create a unified or dominant voice for the Indian American community in political affairs, including US India PAC. Additionally, there are also industry-wide Indian American groupings including the Asian American Hotel Owners Association and the Association of American Physicians of Indian Origin. A majority of Indian Americans tend to identify as moderates and have voted for Democrats in recent elections. Polls before the 2004 U.S. Presidential Election showed Indian Americans favoring Democratic candidate John Kerry over Republican George W. Bush by a 53% to 14% margin, with 30% undecided at the time. The Republican party has tried to target this community for political support, and in 2007, Republican Congressman Bobby Jindal became the first United States Governor of Indian descent when he was elected Governor of Louisiana Nikki Haley, also of Indian descent and a fellow Republican, became Governor of South Carolina in 2010. A list of notable Indian American politicians and commentators can be found here.

</doc>
<doc id="18963844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963844" title="Diocese of Harare">
Diocese of Harare

Diocese of Harare may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18963845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963845" title="Gojan School of Business &amp; Technology">
Gojan School of Business &amp; Technology

Gojan School of Business and Technology was established in 2005, 22 km from Chennai City, Tamil Nadu, India.
The college is affiliated to Anna University Chennai. The academic programs have the approval of the All India Council of Technical Education, New Delhi, as well as the government of Tamil Nadu. The college is an certified institution.
Infrastructure.
The classrooms are well equipped - which itself tends to transform the teachers knowledge to the students. All classrooms are equipped with projector facilities to promote the culture of e-learning.
Electronics and Communication Engineering.
The Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering was started in the year 2005 wit 35 students and has grown to a department with strength of 275 students. We have published 24 research papers including 6 international journals. We have conducted workshops highlighting Image Processing, using MATLAB for Image Processing, trends in VLSI Technology etc. for the benefit of students and staff members. Two national leve conferences NCETCUIP'12 and NCECT'13 has been organized by our department.
Achievements.
We are proud that our student R.Bhuvaneswari is an Anna University(46th) rank holder for the year 2013.
Laboratory Facilities.
The department of Electronics and Communication Engineering has the following well-equipped laboratories accommodated over an area of 3300sq.m:
Electrical and Electronics Engineering.
The department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering has the following well-equipped laboratories accommodated over an area of 1500sq.m:
Mechanical Engineering.
The department of Mechanical Engineering was started in the year 2005. The department has been growing ever since it was started, we have been growing and developing, thus we have started an M.E. programme on CAD/CAM from the academic year 2012-2013. We have published over 30 research papers in various conferences and journals. Our major research focus is on welding and IC Engine optimization. We are the members of the Society of Automotive Engineers. We have organized three national level conferences NCIME in our campus since 2011.
MECHISMO.
The association for Mechanical Engineers Mechismo has been organized during the year 2009 and has been functioning ever since in our campus. The association has been the initiative to the moto 'Go Green' during the symposium Yuddha'03 which is to create environmental awareness inside the acampus.
Yuddha.
Yuddha is a national level technical symposium organized by Mechismo and the students of Mechanical Engineering since 2010.
Laboratory facilities.
The department of Mechanical Engineering has the following well equipped laboratories and workshops accommodated over an area of 1000sq.m:
Aeronautical Engineering.
The Department of Aeronautical Engineering has the following well equipped laboratories and workshops accommodated over and area of 1500sq.m:
Computer Science and Engineering.
The Department of Computer Science and Engineering and the Department of Information Technology have the following well-equipped laboratories accommodated over an area of 1200sq.m:
Civil Engineering.
The department of Civil Engineering has the following well equipped laboratories and workshops:
Auditorium Infrastructure.
The college has a well-furnished air conditioned auditorium with a seating capacity of 800 with the following accessories:
Hostel Facilities.
Hostel provides good and safe facilities of lodging and boarding to cater to the needs of outstation students.
The following facilities are provided in the hostels: -
Dining and Health Care.
The college hostel has hygienic steam cooking kitchen facilities to provide healthy and nutritive vegetarian and non-vegetarian food. The hostel has a large dining hall to accommodate more than 200 students at a time. A 24 hour health care facility is available in the campus to take care of the health requirements of the hostel students.
The college has a fleet of 25 buses to transport students and staff from various parts of the city and its neighborhood areas to the college and back home Transport facility is arranged to every student.

</doc>
<doc id="18963852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963852" title="Vytautas Janušaitis">
Vytautas Janušaitis

Vytautas Janušaitis (born October 13, 1981 in Kaunas, Lithuania) is an Olympic swimmer from Lithuania, who represented his home country at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.
He participated at every edition of the European Short Course Championships from 2004 to 2010.
He swam at the 2003 World University Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18963853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963853" title="Astron (ship)">
Astron (ship)

The Astron (previously named "Esmeralda" and "Bonnie") is a shipwreck located off the coast of Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic. She was a Russian owned freighter built in France by Chantiers de l'Atlantique during 1957. She was long, weighed 27,990 tons, and was powered by motor. 
She was delivering 60 tons of corn to Cuba on 7 April 1978, when she ran aground in Punta Cana during a storm. She broke apart into two pieces with the bow above the water and the stern underwater, with 7,330 barrels of bunker fuel being recorded to have been lost by the incident. The ship is in water deep, meaning it can be visited by scuba diving.

</doc>
<doc id="18963860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963860" title="Raghav Lal Baidya">
Raghav Lal Baidya

Raghav Lal Baidya is the Attorney General of Nepal. He was previously a judge in the Janakpur Appellate Court. Baidya was appointed to Attorney General on August 21, 2008, by President Ram Baran Yadav upon the recommendation by Prime Minister Pushpa Kamal Dahal.

</doc>
<doc id="18963869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963869" title="Stanton Township">
Stanton Township

Stanton Township may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18963870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963870" title="Literature">
Literature

Literature is a term that does not have a universally accepted definition, but which has variably included all written work; writing that possesses literary merit; and language that foregrounds literariness, as opposed to ordinary language. Etymologically the term derives from Latin "literatura/litteratura" "writing formed with letters", although some definitions include spoken or sung texts. Literature can be classified according to whether it is fiction or non-fiction, and whether it is poetry or prose; it can be further distinguished according to major forms such as the novel, short story or drama; and works are often categorised according to historical periods, or according to their adherence to certain aesthetic features or expectations (genre).
Literature may consist of texts based on factual information (journalistic or non-fiction), a category that may also include polemical works, biographies, and reflective essays, or it may consist of texts based on imagination (such as fiction, poetry, or drama). Literature written in poetry emphasizes the aesthetic and rhythmic qualities of language—such as sound, symbolism, and metre—to evoke meanings in addition to, or in place of, ordinary meanings, while literature written in prose applies ordinary grammatical structure and the natural flow of speech. Literature can also be classified according to historical periods, genres, and political influences. While the concept of genre has broadened over the centuries, in general, a genre consists of artistic works that fall within a certain central theme; examples of genre include romance, mystery, crime, fantasy, erotica, and adventure, among others.
Definition.
There have been various attempts to define "literature". Simon and Delyse Ryan begin their attempt to answer the question "What is Literature?" with the observation:
The quest to discover a definition for "literature" is a road that is much travelled, though the point of arrival, if ever reached, is seldom satisfactory. Most attempted definitions are broad and vague, and they inevitably change over time. In fact, the only thing that is certain about defining literature is that the definition will change. Concepts of what is literature change over time as well.
Definitions of literature have varied over time; it is a "culturally relative definition". Before the eighteenth century in western Europe, literature encompassed all books and writing. The modern sense of the term emerged during the Romantic period, in which it began to demarcate "imaginative" literature. Contemporary debates over what constitutes literature can be seen as forming a return to the older, more inclusive notion of what constitutes literature; Cultural studies takes as its subject of analysis both popular and minority genres, in addition to canonical works.
The value judgement definition of literature considers it to exclusively include writing that possesses a literary quality or distinction, forming part of the so-called "belles-lettres" ('fine writing') tradition. This is the definition used in the "Encyclopædia Britannica" Eleventh Edition (1910–11) when it classifies literature as "the best expression of the best thought reduced to writing." However, this has the result that there is no objective definition of what constitutes "literature"; anything can be literature, and anything which is universally regarded as literature has the potential to be excluded, since value-judgements can change over time.
The formalist definition is that the language of "literature" foregrounds poetic effects; it is the "literariness" or "poeticity" of literature that distinguishes it from ordinary speech or other kinds of writing (e.g. scientific). Jim Meyer considers this a useful characteristic in explaining the use of the term to mean published material in a particular field (e.g. "Scientific literature"), as such writing must use language according to particular standards. The problem with the formalist definition is that in order to say that literature deviates from ordinary uses of language, those uses must first be identified; this is difficult because "ordinary language" is an unstable category, differing according to social categories and across history.
Etymologically, the term derives from Latin "literatura/litteratura" "learning, a writing, grammar," originally "writing formed with letters," from "litera/littera" "letter". In spite of this, the term has also been applied to spoken or sung texts.
Major forms.
Poetry.
Poetry is a form of literary art which uses aesthetic and rhythmic qualities of language to evoke meanings in addition to, or in place of, prosaic ostensible meaning. Poetry has traditionally been distinguished from prose by its being set in verse; prose is cast in sentences, poetry in lines; the syntax of prose is dictated by meaning, whereas that of poetry is held across metre or the visual aspects of the poem. Prior to the nineteenth century, poetry was commonly understood to be something set in metrical lines; accordingly, in 1658 a definition of poetry is "any kind of subject consisting of Rythm or Verses". Possibly as a result of Aristotle's influence (his "Poetics"), "poetry" before the nineteenth century was usually less a technical designation for verse than a normative category of fictive or rhetorical art. As a form it may pre-date literacy, with the earliest works being composed within and sustained by an oral tradition; hence it constitutes the earliest example of literature.
Prose.
Prose is a form of language that possesses ordinary syntax and natural speech rather than rhythmic structure; in which regard, along with its measurement in sentences rather than lines, it differs from poetry. On the historical development of prose, Richard Graff notes that "the case of Ancient Greece recent scholarship has emphasized the fact that formal prose was a comparatively late development, an "invention" properly associated with the classical period".
History.
Ancient Egyptian literature, along with Sumerian literature are considered the world's oldest literatures. The primary genres of the literature of Ancient Egypt—didactic texts, hymns and prayers, and tales—were almost entirely written in verse; while use of poetic devices is clearly recognisable, the prosody of the verse is unknown.
Different historical periods are reflected in literature. National and tribal sagas, accounts of the origin of the world and of customs, and myths which sometimes carry moral or spiritual messages predominate in the pre-urban eras. The epics of Homer, dating from the early to middle Iron age, and the great Indian epics of a slightly later period, have more evidence of deliberate literary authorship, surviving like the older myths through oral tradition for long periods before being written down.
As a more urban culture developed, academies provided a means of transmission for speculative and philosophical literature in early civilizations, resulting in the prevalence of literature in Ancient China, Ancient India, Persia and Ancient Greece and Rome. Many works of earlier periods, even in narrative form, had a covert moral or didactic purpose, such as the Sanskrit "Panchatantra" or the "Metamorphoses" of Ovid. Drama and satire also developed as urban culture provided a larger public audience, and later readership, for literary production. Lyric poetry (as opposed to epic poetry) was often the speciality of courts and aristocratic circles, particularly in East Asia where songs were collected by the Chinese aristocracy as poems, the most notable being the "Shijing" or "Book of Songs". Over a long period, the poetry of popular pre-literate balladry and song interpenetrated and eventually influenced poetry in the literary medium.
In ancient China, early literature was primarily focused on philosophy, historiography, military science, agriculture, and poetry. China, the origin of modern paper making and woodblock printing, produced one of the world's first print cultures. Much of Chinese literature originates with the Hundred Schools of Thought period that occurred during the Eastern Zhou Dynasty (769-269 BCE). The most important of these include the Classics of Confucianism, of Daoism, of Mohism, of Legalism, as well as works of military science (e.g. Sun Tzu's "The Art of War") and Chinese history (e.g. Sima Qian's "Records of the Grand Historian"). Ancient Chinese literature had a heavy emphasis on historiography, with often very detailed court records. An exemplary piece of narrative history of ancient China was the "Zuo Zhuan", which was compiled no later than 389 BCE, and attributed to the blind 5th century BCE historian Zuo Qiuming.
In ancient India, literature originated from stories that were originally orally transmitted. Early genres included drama, fables, sutras and epic poetry. Sanskrit literature begins with the Vedas, dating back to 1500–1000 BCE, and continues with the Sanskrit Epics of Iron Age India. The Vedas are among the oldest sacred texts. The Samhitas (vedic collections) date to roughly 1500–1000 BCE, and the "circum-Vedic" texts, as well as the redaction of the Samhitas, date to c. 1000-500 BCE, resulting in a Vedic period, spanning the mid 2nd to mid 1st millennium BCE, or the Late Bronze Age and the Iron Age. The period between approximately the 6th to 1st centuries BC saw the composition and redaction of the two most influential Indian epics, the "Mahabharata" and the "Ramayana", with subsequent redaction progressing down to the 4th century AD.
In ancient Greece, the epics of Homer, who wrote the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey", and Hesiod, who wrote "Works and Days" and "Theogony", are some of the earliest, and most influential, of Ancient Greek literature. Classical Greek genres included philosophy, poetry, historiography, comedies and dramas. Plato and Aristotle authored philosophical texts that are the foundation of Western philosophy, Sappho and Pindar were influential lyrical poets, and Herodotus and Thucydides were early Greek historians. Although drama was popular in Ancient Greece, of the hundreds of tragedies written and performed during the classical age, only a limited number of plays by three authors still exist: Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides. The plays of Aristophanes provide the only real examples of a genre of comic drama known as Old Comedy, the earliest form of Greek Comedy, and are in fact used to define the genre.
Roman histories and biographies anticipated the extensive mediaeval literature of lives of saints and miraculous chronicles, but the most characteristic form of the Middle Ages was the romance, an adventurous and sometimes magical narrative with strong popular appeal. Controversial, religious, political and instructional literature proliferated during the Renaissance as a result of the invention of printing, while the mediaeval romance developed into a more character-based and psychological form of narrative, the novel, of which early and important examples are the Chinese Monkey and the German Faust books.
In the Age of Reason philosophical tracts and speculations on history and human nature integrated literature with social and political developments. The inevitable reaction was the explosion of Romanticism in the later 18th century which reclaimed the imaginative and fantastical bias of old romances and folk-literature and asserted the primacy of individual experience and emotion. But as the 19th-century went on, European fiction evolved towards realism and naturalism, the meticulous documentation of real life and social trends. Much of the output of naturalism was implicitly polemical, and influenced social and political change, but 20th century fiction and drama moved back towards the subjective, emphasising unconscious motivations and social and environmental pressures on the individual. Writers such as Proust, Eliot, Joyce, Kafka and Pirandello exemplify the trend of documenting internal rather than external realities.
Genre fiction also showed it could question reality in its 20th century forms, in spite of its fixed formulas, through the enquiries of the skeptical detective and the alternative realities of science fiction. The separation of "mainstream" and "genre" forms (including journalism) continued to blur during the period up to our own times. William Burroughs, in his early works, and Hunter S. Thompson expanded documentary reporting into strong subjective statements after the second World War, and post-modern critics have disparaged the idea of objective realism in general.
Poetry.
A poem is a composition written in verse (although verse has also been used for epic and dramatic fiction). Poems make use of the aesthetic qualities of language to suggest differential meanings and to evoke emotive responses. Poems rely heavily on imagery and metaphor; they may have a rhythmic structure based on patterns of stresses (metric feet) or on patterns of different-length syllables (as in classical prosody); and they may or may not utilize rhyme. Due to the diversity of poetic forms and structures, poetry can be difficult to define and characterize. Typically though, poetry as a form of literature makes use of the "formal" properties of the words it uses the properties of the written or spoken form of the words, independent of their meaning. For example, rhythm can be established by the number of syllables in the words or how these syllables are stressed; rhyme and alliteration depend on the sounds of the words.
Arguably, poetry pre-dates other forms of literature. Early examples include the Sumerian "Epic of Gilgamesh" (dated from around 2700 B.C.), parts of the Bible, the surviving works of Homer (the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey"), and the Indian epics "Ramayana" and "Mahabharata". In cultures based primarily on oral traditions the formal characteristics of poetry often have a mnemonic function, and important texts: legal, genealogical or moral, for example, may appear first in verse form.
Some poetry uses specific forms. Examples include the haiku, the limerick, and the sonnet. A traditional haiku written in Japanese relate to nature, contain seventeen onji (syllables), distributed over three lines in groups of five, seven, and five, and should also have a kigo, a specific word indicating a season. A limerick has five lines, with a rhyme scheme of AABBA, and line lengths of 3,3,2,2,3 stressed syllables. It traditionally has a less reverent attitude towards nature. Poetry not adhering to a formal poetic structure is called "free verse".
Language and tradition dictate some poetic norms Persian poetry always rhymes whilst Greek poetry rarely does. Some languages contain more rhyming words than others. Italian, for example, has a rich rhyming structure permitting use of a limited set of rhymes throughout a lengthy poem. The richness results from word endings that follow regular forms. English, with its irregular word endings adopted from other languages, is less rich in rhyme. Perhaps the most paradigmatic style of English poetry, blank verse, as exemplified in works by Shakespeare and Milton, consists of unrhymed iambic pentameters. Some languages prefer longer lines; some shorter ones. Some of these conventions result from the ease of fitting a specific language's vocabulary and grammar into certain structures, rather than into others; For example, this may occur when a language typically has longer words than other languages, such us Greek and German. Other structural conventions come about as the result of historical accidents, where many speakers of a language associate good poetry with a verse form preferred by a particular skilled or popular poet.
Works for theatre (see below) traditionally took verse form. This has now become rare outside opera and musicals, although many would argue that the language of drama remains intrinsically poetic.
In recent years, digital poetry has arisen that utilizes the artistic, publishing, and synthetic qualities of digital media.
Essays.
An essay consists of a discussion of a topic from an author's personal point of view, exemplified by works by Michel de Montaigne or by Charles Lamb.
Genres related to the essay may include the memoir and the epistle.
Other prose literature.
Philosophical, historical, journalistic, and scientific writings are traditionally ranked as literature. They offer some of the oldest prose writings in existence; novels and prose stories earned the names "fiction" to distinguish them from factual writing or nonfiction, which writers historically have crafted in prose.
Natural science.
As advances and specialization have made new scientific research inaccessible to most audiences, the "literary" nature of science writing has become less pronounced over the last two centuries. Now, science appears mostly in journals. Scientific works of Aristotle, Copernicus, and Newton still exhibit great value, but since the science in them has largely become outdated, they no longer serve for scientific instruction. Yet, they remain too technical to sit well in most programmes of literary study. Outside of "history of science" programmes, students rarely read such works.
Philosophy.
Philosophy has become an increasingly academic discipline. More of its practitioners lament this situation than occurs with the sciences; nonetheless most new philosophical work appears in academic journals. Major philosophers through history—Plato, Aristotle, Socrates, Augustine, Descartes, Kierkegaard, Nietzsche—have become as canonical as any writers. Some recent philosophy works are argued to merit the title "literature", such as some of the works by Simon Blackburn; but much of it does not, and some areas, such as logic, have become extremely technical to a degree similar to that of mathematics.
History.
A significant portion of historical writing ranks as literature, particularly the genre known as creative nonfiction. So can a great deal of journalism, such as literary journalism. However these areas have become extremely large, and often have a primarily utilitarian purpose: to record data or convey immediate information. As a result the writing in these fields often lacks a literary quality, although it often and in its better moments has that quality. Major "literary" historians include Herodotus, Thucydides and Procopius, all of whom count as canonical literary figures.
Law.
Law offers more ambiguity. Some writings of Plato and Aristotle, the law tables of Hammurabi of Babylon, or even the early parts of the Bible could be seen as legal literature. Roman civil law as codified in the Corpus Juris Civilis during the reign of Justinian I of the Byzantine Empire has a reputation as significant literature. The founding documents of many countries, including Constitutions and Law Codes, can count as literature; however, most legal writings rarely exhibit much literary merit, as they tend to be rather garrulous.
Drama.
A play or drama is another classical literary form that has continued to evolve over the years. It generally comprises chiefly dialogue between characters, and usually aims at dramatic / theatrical performance (see theatre) rather than at reading. During the 18th and 19th centuries, opera developed as a combination of poetry, drama, and music. Nearly all drama took verse form until comparatively recently. Shakespeare could be considered drama. Romeo and Juliet, for example, is a classic romantic drama generally accepted as literature.
Greek drama exemplifies the earliest form of drama of which we have substantial knowledge. Tragedy, as a dramatic genre, developed as a performance associated with religious and civic festivals, typically enacting or developing upon well-known historical or mythological themes. Tragedies generally presented very serious themes. With the advent of newer technologies, scripts written for non-stage media have been added to this form. War of the Worlds (radio) in 1938 saw the advent of literature written for radio broadcast, and many works of Drama have been adapted for film or television. Conversely, television, film, and radio literature have been adapted to printed or electronic media.
Genres of literature.
Literary genre is a mode of categorising literature. The term originates from French, designating a proposed type or class. However, such classes are subject to change, and have been used in different ways in different periods and traditions.
Literary techniques.
A literary technique or literary device can be used by authors in order to enhance the written framework of a piece of literature, and produce specific effects. Literary techniques encompass a wide range of approaches to crafting a work: whether a work is narrated in first-person or from another perspective, whether to use a traditional linear narrative or a nonlinear narrative, or the choice of literary genre, are all examples of literary technique. They may indicate to a reader that there is a familiar structure and presentation to a work, such as a conventional murder-mystery novel; or, the author may choose to experiment with their technique to surprise the reader.
In this way, use of a technique can lead to the development of a new genre, as was the case with one of the first modern novels, "Pamela" by Samuel Richardson. "Pamela" is written as a collection of letter-writing correspondence, called "epistolary technique"; by using this technique, "Pamela" strengthened the tradition of the epistolary novel, a genre which had been practiced for some time already but without the same acclaim.
Literary technique is distinguished from literary device, as military strategy is distinguished from military tactics. Devices are specific constructions within the narrative that make it effective. Examples include metaphor, simile, ellipsis, narrative motifs, and allegory. Even simple word play functions as a literary device. The narrative mode may be considered a literary device, such as the use of stream-of-consciousness narrative.
Literary criticism implies a critique and evaluation of a piece of literature and, in some cases, it is used to improve a work in progress or a classical piece, as with an ongoing theatre production. Literary editors can serve a similar purpose for the authors with whom they work. There are many types of literary criticism and each can be used to critique a piece in a different way or critique a different aspect of a piece.
Legal status.
UK.
Literary works have been protected by copyright law from unauthorised reproduction since at least 1710. Literary works are defined by copyright law to mean "any work, other than a dramatic or musical work, which is written, spoken or sung, and accordingly includes (a) a table or compilation (other than a database), (b) a computer program, (c) preparatory design material for a computer program, and (d) a database."
It should be noted that literary works are not limited to works of literature, but include all works expressed in print or writing (other than dramatic or musical works).

</doc>
<doc id="18963891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963891" title="Piru Sáez">
Piru Sáez

Jose Carlos Sebastián Gómez Maraschio (born May 20, 1983, in Mar del Plata, Argentina), professionally known as Piru Sáez, is an Argentine actor and rock singer. He is the best known of portraying Rocco Fuentes Echagüe in "Rebelde Way" and Piru in "Floricienta" and "El Refugio (de los Sueños)", and being a member of musical group Rolabogan.

</doc>
<doc id="18963893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963893" title="Dryden Historic District">
Dryden Historic District

Dryden Historic District can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18963902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963902" title="Ramūnas Vyšniauskas">
Ramūnas Vyšniauskas

Ramūnas Vyšniauskas (born September 23, 1976 in Klaipėda) is a weightlifter from Lithuania. He competes in the 105 kg class.

</doc>
<doc id="18963910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963910" title="Geography">
Geography

Geography (from Greek , "geographia", lit. "earth description") is a field of science dedicated to the study of the lands, the features, the inhabitants, and the phenomena of the Earth. A literal translation would be "to describe or write about the Earth". The first person to use the word "geography" was Eratosthenes (276–194 BC). Four historical traditions in geographical research are spatial analysis of the natural and the human phenomena (geography as the study of distribution), area studies (places and regions), study of the man-land relationship, and research in the Earth sciences. Nonetheless, modern geography is an all-encompassing discipline that foremost seeks to understand the Earth and all of its human and natural complexities - not merely where objects are, but how they have changed and come to be. Geography has been called "the world discipline" and "the bridge between the human and the physical science". Geography is divided into two main branches: human geography and physical geography.
Introduction.
Traditionally, geographers have been viewed the same way as cartographers and people who study place names and numbers. Although many geographers are trained in toponymy and cartology, this is not their main preoccupation. Geographers study the spatial and the temporal distribution of phenomena, processes, and features as well as the interaction of humans and their environment. Because space and place affect a variety of topics, such as economics, health, climate, plants and animals; geography is highly interdisciplinary. The interdisciplinary nature of the geographical approach depends on an attentiveness to the relationship between physical and human phenomena and its spatial patterns. 
Geography as a discipline can be split broadly into two main subsidiary fields: human geography and physical geography. The former largely focuses on the built environment and how humans create, view, manage, and influence space. The latter examines the natural environment, and how organisms, climate, soil, water, and landforms produce and interact. The difference between these approaches led to a third field, environmental geography, which combines the physical and the human geography, and looks at the interactions between the environment and humans.
Branches.
Physical geography.
Physical geography (or physiography) focuses on geography as an Earth science. It aims to understand the physical problems and the issues of lithosphere, hydrosphere, atmosphere, pedosphere, and global flora and fauna patterns (biosphere).
Physical geography can be divided into many broad categories, including:
Human geography.
Human geography is a branch of geography that focuses on the study of patterns and processes that shape the human society. It encompasses the human, political, cultural, social, and economic aspects.
Human geography can be divided into many broad categories, such as:
Various approaches to the study of human geography have also arisen through time and include:
Integrated geography.
Integrated geography is the branch of geography that describes the spatial aspects of interactions between humans and the natural world. It requires an understanding of the traditional aspects of the physical and the human geography, as well as the ways that human societies conceptualize the environment.
Integrated geography has emerged as a bridge between the human and the physical geography, as a result of the increasing specialisation of the two sub-fields. Furthermore, as human relationship with the environment has changed as a result of globalization and technological change, a new approach was needed to understand the changing and dynamic relationship. Examples of areas of research in the environmental geography include: emergency management, environmental management, sustainability, and political ecology.
Geomatics.
Geomatics is a branch of geography that has emerged since the quantitative revolution in geography in the mid-1950s. Geomatics involves the use of traditional spatial techniques used in cartography and topography and their application to computers. Geomatics has become a widespread field with many other disciplines, using techniques such as GIS and remote sensing. Geomatics has also led to a revitalization of some geography departments, especially in Northern America where the subject had a declining status during the 1950s.
Geomatics encompasses a large area of fields involved with spatial analysis, such as Cartography, Geographic information systems (GIS), Remote sensing, and Global positioning systems (GPS).
Regional geography.
Regional geography is a branch of geography which studies the regions of all sizes across the Earth. It has a prevailing descriptive character. The main aim is to understand, or define the uniqueness, or character of a particular region that consists of natural as well as human elements. Attention is paid also to regionalization, which covers the proper techniques of space delimitation into regions.
Regional geography is also considered as a certain approach to study in geographical sciences (similar to quantitative or critical geographies, for more information see History of geography).
Techniques.
As spatial interrelationships are key to this synoptic science, maps are a key tool. Classical cartography has been joined by a more modern approach to geographical analysis, computer-based geographic information systems (GIS).
In their study, geographers use four interrelated approaches:
Cartography.
Cartography studies the representation of the Earth's surface with abstract symbols (map making). Although other subdisciplines of geography rely on maps for presenting their analyses, the actual making of maps is abstract enough to be regarded separately. Cartography has grown from a collection of drafting techniques into an actual science.
Cartographers must learn cognitive psychology and ergonomics to understand which symbols convey information about the Earth most effectively, and behavioral psychology to induce the readers of their maps to act on the information. They must learn geodesy and fairly advanced mathematics to understand how the shape of the Earth affects the distortion of map symbols projected onto a flat surface for viewing. It can be said, without much controversy, that cartography is the seed from which the larger field of geography grew. Most geographers will cite a childhood fascination with maps as an early sign they would end up in the field.
Geographic information systems.
Geographic information systems (GIS) deal with the storage of information about the Earth for automatic retrieval by a computer, in an accurate manner appropriate to the information's purpose. In addition to all of the other subdisciplines of geography, GIS specialists must understand computer science and database systems. GIS has revolutionized the field of cartography: nearly all mapmaking is now done with the assistance of some form of GIS software. GIS also refers to the science of using GIS software and GIS techniques to represent, analyze, and predict the spatial relationships. In this context, GIS stands for Geographic Information Science.
Remote sensing.
Remote sensing is the science of obtaining information about Earth features from measurements made at a distance. Remotely sensed data comes in many forms, such as satellite imagery, aerial photography, and data obtained from hand-held sensors. Geographers increasingly use remotely sensed data to obtain information about the Earth's land surface, ocean, and atmosphere, because it: a) supplies objective information at a variety of spatial scales (local to global), b) provides a synoptic view of the area of interest, c) allows access to distant and inaccessible sites, d) provides spectral information outside the visible portion of the electromagnetic spectrum, and e) facilitates studies of how features/areas change over time. Remotely sensed data may be analyzed either independently of, or in conjunction with other digital data layers (e.g., in a Geographic Information System).
Quantitative methods.
Geostatistics deal with quantitative data analysis, specifically the application of statistical methodology to the exploration of geographic phenomena. Geostatistics is used extensively in a variety of fields, including hydrology, geology, petroleum exploration, weather analysis, urban planning, logistics, and epidemiology. The mathematical basis for geostatistics derives from cluster analysis, linear discriminant analysis and non-parametric statistical tests, and a variety of other subjects. Applications of geostatistics rely heavily on geographic information systems, particularly for the interpolation (estimate) of unmeasured points. Geographers are making notable contributions to the method of quantitative techniques.
Qualitative methods.
Geographic qualitative methods, or ethnographical research techniques, are used by human geographers. In cultural geography there is a tradition of employing qualitative research techniques, also used in anthropology and sociology. Participant observation and in-depth interviews provide human geographers with qualitative data.
History.
The oldest known world maps date back to ancient Babylon from the 9th century BC. The best known Babylonian world map, however, is the "Imago Mundi" of 600 BC. The map as reconstructed by Eckhard Unger shows Babylon on the Euphrates, surrounded by a circular landmass showing Assyria, Urartu and several cities, in turn surrounded by a "bitter river" (Oceanus), with seven islands arranged around it so as to form a seven-pointed star. The accompanying text mentions seven outer regions beyond the encircling ocean. The descriptions of five of them have survived. In contrast to the "Imago Mundi", an earlier Babylonian world map dating back to the 9th century BC depicted Babylon as being further north from the center of the world, though it is not certain what that center was supposed to represent.
The ideas of Anaximander (c. 610 BC-c. 545 BC): considered by later Greek writers to be the true founder of geography, come to us through fragments quoted by his successors. Anaximander is credited with the invention of the gnomon, the simple, yet efficient Greek instrument that allowed the early measurement of latitude. Thales is also credited with the prediction of eclipses. The foundations of geography can be traced to the ancient cultures, such as the ancient, medieval, and early modern Chinese. The Greeks, who were the first to explore geography as both art and science, achieved this through Cartography, Philosophy, and Literature, or through Mathematics. There is some debate about who was the first person to assert that the Earth is spherical in shape, with the credit going either to Parmenides or Pythagoras. Anaxagoras was able to demonstrate that the profile of the Earth was circular by explaining eclipses. However, he still believed that the Earth was a flat disk, as did many of his contemporaries. One of the first estimates of the radius of the Earth was made by Eratosthenes.
The first rigorous system of latitude and longitude lines is credited to Hipparchus. He employed a sexagesimal system that was derived from Babylonian mathematics. The parallels and meridians were sub-divided into 360°, with each degree further subdivided 60′ (minutes). To measure the longitude at different location on Earth, he suggested using eclipses to determine the relative difference in time. The extensive mapping by the Romans as they explored new lands would later provide a high level of information for Ptolemy to construct detailed atlases. He extended the work of Hipparchus, using a grid system on his maps and adopting a length of 56.5 miles for a degree.
From the 3rd century onwards, Chinese methods of geographical study and writing of geographical literature became much more complex than what was found in Europe at the time (until the 13th century). Chinese geographers such as Liu An, Pei Xiu, Jia Dan, Shen Kuo, Fan Chengda, Zhou Daguan, and Xu Xiake wrote important treatises, yet by the 17th century advanced ideas and methods of Western-style geography were adopted in China.
During the Middle Ages, the fall of the Roman empire led to a shift in the evolution of geography from Europe to the Islamic world. Muslim geographers such as Muhammad al-Idrisi produced detailed world maps (such as Tabula Rogeriana), while other geographers such as Yaqut al-Hamawi, Abu Rayhan Biruni, Ibn Battuta, and Ibn Khaldun provided detailed accounts of their journeys and the geography of the regions they visited. Turkish geographer, Mahmud al-Kashgari drew a world map on a linguistic basis, and later so did Piri Reis (Piri Reis map). Further, Islamic scholars translated and interpreted the earlier works of the Romans and the Greeks and established the House of Wisdom in Baghdad for this purpose. Abū Zayd al-Balkhī, originally from Balkh, founded the "Balkhī school" of terrestrial mapping in Baghdad. Suhrāb, a late tenth century Muslim geographer accompanied a book of geographical coordinates, with instructions for making a rectangular world map with equirectangular projection or cylindrical equidistant projection.
Abu Rayhan Biruni (976-1048) first described a polar equi-azimuthal equidistant projection of the celestial sphere. He was regarded as the most skilled when it came to mapping cities and measuring the distances between them, which he did for many cities in the Middle East and the Indian subcontinent. He often combined astronomical readings and mathematical equations, in order to develop methods of pin-pointing locations by recording degrees of latitude and longitude. He also developed similar techniques when it came to measuring the heights of mountains, depths of the valleys, and expanse of the horizon. He also discussed human geography and the planetary habitability of the Earth. He also calculated the latitude of Kath, Khwarezm, using the maximum altitude of the Sun, and solved a complex geodesic equation in order to accurately compute the Earth's circumference, which were close to modern values of the Earth's circumference. His estimate of 6,339.9 km for the Earth radius was only 16.8 km less than the modern value of 6,356.7 km. In contrast to his predecessors, who measured the Earth's circumference by sighting the Sun simultaneously from two different locations, al-Biruni developed a new method of using trigonometric calculations, based on the angle between a plain and mountain top, which yielded more accurate measurements of the Earth's circumference, and made it possible for it to be measured by a single person from a single location.
The European Age of Discovery during the 16th and the 17th centuries, where many new lands were discovered and accounts by European explorers such as Christopher Columbus, Marco Polo, and James Cook revived a desire for both accurate geographic detail, and more solid theoretical foundations in Europe. The problem facing both explorers and geographers was finding the latitude and longitude of a geographic location. The problem of latitude was solved long ago but that of longitude remained; agreeing on what zero meridian should be was only part of the problem. It was left to John Harrison to solve it by inventing the chronometer H-4 in 1760, and later in 1884 for the International Meridian Conference to adopt by convention the Greenwich meridian as zero meridian.
The 18th and the 19th centuries were the times when geography became recognized as a discrete academic discipline, and became part of a typical university curriculum in Europe (especially Paris and Berlin). The development of many geographic societies also occurred during the 19th century, with the foundations of the Société de Géographie in 1821, the Royal Geographical Society in 1830, Russian Geographical Society in 1845, American Geographical Society in 1851, and the National Geographic Society in 1888. The influence of Immanuel Kant, Alexander von Humboldt, Carl Ritter, and Paul Vidal de la Blache can be seen as a major turning point in geography from a philosophy to an academic subject.
Over the past two centuries, the advancements in technology with computers have led to the development of geomatics. and new practices such as participant observation and geostatistics being incorporated into geography's portfolio of tools. In the West during the 20th century, the discipline of geography went through four major phases: environmental determinism, regional geography, the quantitative revolution, and critical geography. The strong interdisciplinary links between geography and the sciences of geology and botany, as well as economics, sociology and demographics have also grown greatly, especially as a result of Earth System Science that seeks to understand the world in a holistic view.

</doc>
<doc id="18963911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963911" title="Glochidion ferdinandi">
Glochidion ferdinandi

Glochidion ferdinandi, commonly known as the cheese tree, is a species of small to medium–sized trees, constituting part of the plant family Phyllanthaceae. They grow naturally across eastern Australia, from south–eastern NSW northwards to northern and inland Qld, in rainforests and humid eucalypt forests. Frugivorous birds such as pigeons, figbirds and parrots consume its fruit.
Description.
It grows as a woody shrub or small tree to , although occasionally reaching , with flaky brownish-grey bark. It has simple alternate-arranged elliptical leaves in length and wide; the species may be partly deciduous in winter. Flowering may occur at any time of year; the cheese tree has both single female and male flowers, which are found in groups of three. Both sexes are green-yellow, with the male flowers about 0.7 cm and the female 0.5 cm in diameter. The most notable feature are the small pumpkin-shaped fruit, which are green at first before turning shades of white and pink. Divided into segments radially, they eventually split open to reveal bright red 0.5 cm seeds from November to April.
Taxonomy and naming.
The cheese tree gains its common name for its cheese-shaped fruit. Other common names include water gum, button wood, pencil cedar, and "jow-war". The cheese tree was originally described by Swiss botanist Johannes Müller Argoviensis in 1865 as "Phyllanthus ferdinandi" before being given its current binomial name by Frederick Manson Bailey in 1902. Its specific epithet honours Victorian State Botanist Ferdinand von Mueller.
An uncommon variety, "pubens", known as the hairy cheese tree, is smaller, with leaves and fruit finely hairy.
Distribution and habitat.
The cheese tree grows in both clay and sandy soils, and is found in rainforest and wetter areas in sclerophyll forest, where it may be associated with such species as Bangalay ("Eucalyptus botryoides"), Woollybutt ("E. longifolia"), Forest Red Gum ("E. tereticornis") Thin-leaved Stringybark ("E. eugenioides") and swamp she-oak ("Casuarina glauca"). The hairy cheese tree grows with magenta lilly pilly ("Syzygium paniculatum"), broad-leaved paperbark ("Melaleuca quinquenervia"), and "Rhodomyrtus" species.
It is found from central Queensland to the vicinity of Ulladulla (35° S) in southern New South Wales.
Ecology.
The fruits are eaten by several bird species, including the Australasian Figbird ("Sphecotheres vieilloti"), Lewin's Honeyeater, ("Meliphaga lewinii"), Olive-backed Oriole ("Oriolus sagittatus"),
White-headed Pigeon ("Columba leucomela"), Topknot Pigeon ("Lopholaimus antarcticus"), Brown Cuckoo-dove ("Macropygia phasianella"), Australian King Parrot ("Alisterus scapularis") The Pied Currawong ("Strepera graculina") also eats the fruit but regurgitates them, while new leafy growth is eaten by the Rainbow Lorikeet ("Trichoglossus haematodus"). It also serves as food for the larvae of the Shining Pencil-blue ("Candalides hellenita"), and the Shining- or Common Oak-blue ("Arhopala micale").
The ladybird "Scymnodes lividigaster" feeds on the aphid "Aphis eugeniae", which feeds on the cheese tree.
"Glochidion ferdinandi" is a long-lived species which may live for 60 years or more. It may sucker or resprout after bushfire. Seeds take 1–4 months to germinate.
Cultivation.
It is an easily grown pioneer species useful in bush regeneration and natural landscaping of areas to which it is native in eastern Australia. The species may colonise disturbed areas, and is a fast growing plant. Plants require ample water but adapt to a wide range of soils and sun or shade. It can be grown as an indoor plant in a bright position.

</doc>
<doc id="18963912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963912" title="Anglican Diocese of Harare">
Anglican Diocese of Harare

The Anglican Diocese of Mashonaland was formed in 1891 and its first Bishop was The Rt Rev George Wyndham Hamilton Knight-Bruce. He was then succeeded by the Rt Revd William Thomas Gaul (1895–1907), formerly Rector of St Cyprian's Church in Kimberley. Small in stature, Gaul styled himself “the smallest bishop with the largest Diocese in Christendom.” In 1915 the diocese became “The Diocese of Southern Rhodesia” until 1952 when it reverted to “The Diocese of Mashonaland". Now known as the “Diocese of Harare and Mashonaland” it has experienced great turbulence in recent times.
Notes.
In December 1907 E.N.Powell DD became bishop. He had been Vicar of St Saviour's Upton Park (from the inscription of a Pectoral Cross presented to him by the Parish)The current bishop of the Diocese of Harare is Chad Nicholas Gandiya

</doc>
<doc id="18963913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963913" title="Epinicus">
Epinicus

Epinicus or "Epinikos" (3rd century BC), was an Athenian comic poet of the new comedy. Two of his plays are known, "Hupoballomenai" and "Mnêsiptolemos". The latter title determines his date to the time of Antiochus III the Great, about 217 BC, for Mnesiptolemus was an historian in great favour with that king.

</doc>
<doc id="18963921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963921" title="Little Annie Rooney (1925 film)">
Little Annie Rooney (1925 film)

Little Annie Rooney is a 1925 silent film directed by William Beaudine.
Plot.
Little Annie Rooney (Mary Pickford) is a tough girl from the streets with her own gang. She spends her days wreaking havoc around the streets. She looks up to her older brother, who is into a more violent gang himself. Annie develops a crush on a gang member Joe. Despite being a troublemaking tomboy, her father Timothy Rooney (Walter James) serves as the officer of the neighbourhood. Officer Rooney is a well-respected man of the town. This is why everybody is in shock when an unknown person shoots him.
The culprits mislead Annie's brother into thinking Joe Kelly (William Haines) is the shooter. Annie is now unsure whom to believe.

</doc>
<doc id="18963924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963924" title="Philip, Count of Longueville">
Philip, Count of Longueville

Philip of Navarre, Count of Longueville (1336–1363) was a younger brother and supporter of Charles II of Navarre, a claimant to the French throne. The son of Philip III of Navarre and Joan II of Navarre, he married Yolande of Flanders in 1353. She was the daughter of Robert of Flanders and Jeanne of Brittany (from the House of Capet) and the widow of Henry IV of Bar. The marriage was childless, though by his mistress Jeannette d'Aisy Philip had two illegitimate sons - Lancelot (who was granted Longueville as a gift in 1371 by his uncle Charles II of Navarre so long as he served in the company of the duc de Bretagne) and Robine (granted Longueville by his uncle Louis of Navarre in 1367). Philip and his brother Charles fought against John II of France in 1353.
Murder of Charles de la Cerda.
Christmas 1353 he followed his brother Charles to Paris where they intended to pick a quarrel. On arrival they exchanged insults with Charles de la Cerda (also known as Charles of Spain), the Constable of France, in the king’s presence, Philip even going so far a drawing his dagger.
Two weeks later Charles de la Cerda was travelling unescorted through Normandy when on 7 January 1354 Philip with a band of Norman and Navarrese followers including John, Count of Harcourt, the Bascon de Mareuil and Rabigot Dury, came to the village of l'Aigle and inn where Charles was spending the night. After surrounding the inn Philip stormed into Charles bedroom saying “Charles of Spain, I am Philip, son of a King, whom you have foully slandered.” According to one account Charles begged for his life and promised to leave France forever, but the Bascon de Mareuil and Rabigot Dury fell upon him with four other troopers and stabbed him to death. In all eighty wounds was found on the body of Charles of Spain. The murder of Charles of Spain brought about a break in relations between the King of Navarre and the King of France and occasioned the first of Charles of Navarre's many rapprochements with the English. This time it was not to last long. Already in February Philips brother was, formally at least, reconcile to King John II. In the Treaty of Mantes concluded 22 February Charles of Navarre gained considerable territories in Lower Normandy as well as promises of pardons for Charles, his brothers and confederates for the murder of Charles of Spain.
Alliance with England.
On 5 April 1356 John II unexpectedly, and to contemporaries quite shockingly, personally had Charles II arrested while he was attended a council of the leading noblemen of Normandy at Rouen. And so open war broke out between the Houses of Evreux and Valois as the King of France’s armies lay siege to Evreux, Charles' administrative seat in Normandy. It fell to Philip to defend his imprisoned brother’s interests in Normandy. After a brief attempt to negotiate with John II he withdrew to the Cotentin where he set up headquarters at Cherbourg and proclaimed himself his brother's lieutenant in France. Though the region had a long tradition of opposition to the French Crown the local nobility were reluctant to throw in their support as the Navarrese caused appeared doomed to fail. Philip sent his chief lieutenants Martin Henriques and Pedro Remirez back to Navarre to raise troops. There Louis, the youngest of the three brothers, was already busy raising money and seeking allies in Spain and at Avignon. However Philip knew that the resources of Navarre alone could never be enough to sustain a war against France and by the end of April he had sent to emissaries to England to seek an alliance. Though initially sceptical by 4 May the English government had decided to divert Henry, Duke of Lancaster's planned invasion of Brittany to Normandy. On 28 May Philip formally renounced his homage to the King of France and declared war on his former liege.
Henry of Lancaster arrived in the Contentin 1 June 1356 bringing with him some 1300 men. To this Philip added 300 of his own retainers. They were also joined by Robert Knolles bringing with him 800 men from the English garrisons in Brittany. The small but all mounted army rode out from Montebourg on 22 June. They were too late to save Evereux, but arrived in time to relieve and reinforce the Navarrese garrison at Pont-Audemer. From there they moved south reaching Conches-en-Ouche on 3 July only to find that the place had just fallen to the French. Driving off a small French army outside the walls of Breteuil they went to capture Verneuil by storm before turning west again on 8 July. By 13 July the army was back at Montebourg. They had failed to relieve Evreux, but brought back considerable booty making the short campaign a profitable venture for the participants. The raid also caused John II to be caught in a pointless siege of Breteuil instead of focusing on the threatening events taking place to the south. On 20 August he paid the garrison an enormous sum for surrendering the castle and rejoin Philip in the Cotentin.
The rest of the year Philip spent in England together with his Chancellor Thomas de Ladit to settle the terms of his alliance with Edward III. Philip did homage to Edward III as King of France and Duke of Normandy and promised to serve Edward against anyone except his own brothers. The formal agreement was concluded at the king’s hunting lodge at Clarendon in Wiltshire. Philip was to have possession of anything own by him or his brother and keep all his conquests up to a value of 60 000 écus, a considerable sum. Edward was to have the demesne lands of the dukes of Normandy and anything else Philip might conquer. Philip was also required to surrender any place of special military or political value. Well satisfied Philip left England in early December with letters appointing him Edward III’s Lieutenant in Normandy.
The capture of John II in the Battle of Poitiers on 17 September threw the French government, now headed by the Dauphin, into disarray. This allowed Philip reinforced with several shiploads of fresh soldiers from Navarre, to go on the offensive. Avranches was captured early December, by the end of 1356 Saint-Lô was the only significant place in the Cotentin holding out for the Dauphin.
In 1357 the English and Navarrese began spilling out from Normandy into Île de France. In January that year Philip rode out of the Cotentin with a mounted force of 700 of his own Navarrese and Norman retainers reinforced by a 100 English and German men-at-arms under the English captain Sir Richard Totesham. Travelling east into the Bessin they occupied several castles east of Bayeux before setting out towards Paris causing considerable panic. Passing Chartres they came within 8 miles from Paris before returning home.
Philip returned home to discover that the Duke of Lancaster had taken over control of Avranches and installed an English garrison there. Outraged Philip went to Lancaster’s camp outside Rennes to complain. Though Lancaster agreed to reinstate the Navarrese garrison his captains remained in possession. Philip also became embroiled in another dispute with the English government. When the heirless Norman nobleman Godfrey of Harcourt fell in battle against the French in November 1356 Philip had taken possession of his castle, Saint-Sauveur-le-Vicomte, one of strongest and most valuable in the region. However Edward III sent his own men to take over the castle, citing a previous agreement with Godfrey of Harcourt had gifted the castle to the English King. Philip sent his Chancellor to Westminster to protest, but was overruled.
Revolution in Paris.
September 1357 negotiations began in London between the English government and King John II, who was still a prisoner. Philip had attempted to persuade Edward that the release of his brother Charles should be one of the conditions for a truce with France, but met only evasions. 9 November 1357 Charles of Navarre escaped from his prison at Arleux, three weeks later he was received as a hero returned by a Paris increasingly hostile to the Dauphin’s government. This sped up the proceedings considerably and the kings agreed to a draft treaty, which among other things, provided that Philip of Navarre should be restored to all that he had held in France before the outbreak of the civil war. Peace between France and England was however not in the interest of the King of Navarre who relied on the continued political instability to achieve his political ambitions.
In December Charles left Paris for Normandy to build up his strength before his final showdown with the Dauphin. He returned to Paris in February 1358 where he allied with the Provost of the Merchants, Etienne Marcel. However by July the Dauphin had gained the advantage in the power struggle; he had the support of the French aristocracy, the Parisians, provoked by the presence of English and Navarrese guards within the city, were also increasingly sympathetic to his cause. Philip answered Charles’ call for reinforcements by assembling a considerable force drawn from the garrisons of Normandy and Brittany. Composed mainly of Englishmen the army also included such veteran captains as Robert Knolles and Hugh Calveley and Philip's marshal John Fotheringhay. Before Philip could arrive the mood of the city had completely turned against the King of Navarre who had been forced to barricade himself in Saint-Denis with his guards. On 31 July Paris rose up against and destroyed the regime of Etienne Marcel, the Provost himself was killed by the mob. Charles now resolved upon a full alliance with Edward III. On 2 August Charles and Philip led their army to the north side of the city where they occupied the abbey and suburb of Saint-Laurent, apparently preparing to take the city by assault. However evening the same day the Dauphin entered Paris by the Porte Saint-Antoine. All hopes of capturing Paris now lost; the Navarrese army withdrew to Mantes.
Spring 1359 he led a mainly English army out of Mantes to relieve the garrison of Saint-Valéry. The garrison surrendered 21 April before Philip could arrive. He instead led his army into western Champagne where he sustained himself for six weeks while evading the counterattacks of the Constable and Admiral of France, returning to Normandy in early June having achieved little of lasting value. On 20 August 1359 Charles of Navarre made his peace with the Dauphin. Philip however chose to continue in the service of the King of England as did many of the Navarrese garrisons in Normandy.
Peace and death.
In 1360 England and France concluded the Treaty of Brétigny bringing the war to an end, for now. Later the same year Charles of Navarre signed a separate treaty with John II. But though the kings were no longer at war, peace proved elusive. The countless mercenary bands, "routiers", whose loyalty to the English government had never been anything but nominal, continued to pillage and extract ransom. Philip was however able to retain some control of the Navarrese troops in the region. In summer 1363 he joined Bertrand du Guesclin in a campaign against the routier garrisons around Bayeux and Caen. Towards the end of this campaign Philip caught a chill and died August 1363.

</doc>
<doc id="18963925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963925" title="Smith D. Atkins">
Smith D. Atkins

Smith Dykins Atkins (June 9, 1836 – March 27, 1913) was an American newspaper editor, lawyer, and a Union Army colonel during the American Civil War, who temporarily commanded brigades of infantry for two periods of time and cavalry for three periods of time and who was awarded the grades of brevet brigadier general of volunteers and brevet major general of volunteers. After hostilities ended he returned to his editorial work and became an author.
Early life and career.
Atkins was born in Horseheads, New York, in 1836. He moved to Illinois in 1845 and later entered the Rock River Seminary in Mount Morris. He also became editor of the town's "Gazette" and began practicing law. He was a supporter of and canvasser for Abraham Lincoln for President of the United States. He was elected Prosecuting Attorney in 1860. He was the first man to enlist as a volunteer private soldier in Stephenson County, Illinois upon the outbreak of the Civil War.
Civil War service.
Upon President Lincoln's call for volunteers at the outbreak of the Civil War, Atkins immediately chose to defend the Union cause and entered the volunteer ranks of his home state. He served in the western theater of the conflict. He was appointed a captain in the 11th Illinois Infantry on April 30, 1861, and was promoted to major on March 21, 1862. By April he was assistant adjutant general of the 4th Division in the Army of the Tennessee, but resigned on April 17 to take a two-month respite from duty for health reasons. 
Atkins re-entered military service that fall when he was appointed the colonel of the 92nd Illinois Mounted Infantry on September 4, 1862. By February 1863 he was given brigade command in the Army of Kentucky (Department of the Cumberland) until June 8. Next he commanded a brigade in the Army of the Cumberland's Reserve Corps until July 15, when he was transferred to the Department's Cavalry Corps. He then commanded two brigades of cavalry of the Department of the Cumberland and one in the Military Department of the Mississippi in 1864 and into 1865. During these commands, he led a brigade of cavalry during Major General William T. Sherman's March to the Sea.
Although Atkins was not appointed as a full, substantive grade general, on January 23, 1865, President Abraham Lincoln nominated Atkins to the grade of brevet brigadier general of volunteers, to rank from January 12, 1865, and the U.S. Senate confirmed the award on February 14, 1865. Atkins was mustered out of the volunteer service on June 21, 1865 and he returned to his civilian life in Illinois. On March 21, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Atkins for the award of the grade of brevet major general of volunteers, to rank from March 13, 1865, and the U.S. Senate confirmed the award on April 26, 1866.
Brigade commands.
Smith Dykins Atkins commanded several brigades in the Union Army during the American Civil War. The units and dates were:
Marriage to Ella Swain.
As the Civil War ended, General Atkins was in charge of the forces occupying the college town of Chapel Hill, North Carolina. On April 17, 1865 (Easter Sunday), Atkins paid a visit to the home of David Swain, the president of the University of North Carolina. Both men shared a love of history. While the two were talking, President Swain's daughter Ella brought them a history book. Atkins soon began courting Ella, and the couple were married on August 23, 1865. The marriage was controversial, and Ella's mother would not eat at the same table with Atkins. The couple resided in Freeport. Atkins and Ella had six children, three of whom survived to adulthood. Ella died of influenza at age 38, and was buried in Oakwood Cemetery in Raleigh, North Carolina. The story is related in the book "Undaunted Heart: The True Story of a Southern Belle & a Yankee General" by Suzy Barile, published by Eno Publishers in 2009. Barile is a great-great-granddaughter of Ella Swain and Smith Atkins.
Postbellum.
Atkins became editor of Freeport's "Daily Journal" newspaper and also was the city's postmaster for 24 years. He published at least two books; "Democracy and Dred Scott" in 1860 and "Abraham Lincoln" in 1909. He also wrote "With Sherman's Cavalry Marching Through Georgia" S. Harris, 1870, OCLC 15122594. He was the first president of the Freeport Public Library and a member of the board of education. He was also active in veterans' organizations and affairs. Atkins died in Freeport in 1913, and is buried there in City Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18963930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963930" title="Lost Memory">
Lost Memory

Lost Memory () is a studio album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It was recorded in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18963934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963934" title="Semi-Detached (play)">
Semi-Detached (play)

Semi-Detached is a play written by David Turner. It was premiered at the Belgrade Theatre, Coventry in June 1962 with Leonard Rossiter in the lead role and directed by Tony Richardson.
It transferred to London, still directed by Richardson, but with Laurence Olivier (replacing Rossiter), Eileen Atkins, John Thaw, James Bolam and Mona Washbourne. The play reached Broadway in New York for a season in 1963 and a film version "All the Way Up" (1970), directed by James MacTaggart, starred Richard Briers. The play was revived at the Chichester Festival in 1999.
Plot.
Set in the Midlands, Fred Midway is working his way up the social ladder. His desire to be accepted in circles to which he and his family do not really belong occupies much of his energy. Needless to say, at first Fred's carefully laid plans to boost his standing in the local community backfire, before coming right in the end.

</doc>
<doc id="18963955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963955" title="Stanton (surname)">
Stanton (surname)

Stanton is an English toponymic surname (habitational surname).
Etymology and History.
Stanton has its origins in the Anglo Saxon tribes, which settled in England around 9th-century CE. The word Stanton is derived from Old English term stan ‘stone’ and tun ‘enclosure’ or ‘settlement’, alluding to the stony grounds, where many of these tribes settled. Thus many places took on the name Stanton, like Stanton Harcourt in Oxfordshire, and Stanton Drew in Somerset, close to the Neolithic Stanton Drew stone circles. The origin of Stanton families has been researched by the "Stanton DNA Project".
Many variants of the spellings, Stanton, Stainton, Stinton or Staunton, are recorded in the "Domesday Book" of 1086 CE, and the surname can be found in England, Scotland, Ireland and their diaspora, which includes America.
Notable people with Stanton surname.
Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18963969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963969" title="Digital Novel Markup Language">
Digital Novel Markup Language

Digital Novel Markup Language (DNML) is one of the first scripting language game engine for creating visual novels, an interactive fiction game. It was developed using C++ by a Japanese programmer only known by his or her Internet name, Karin. The programming structure is similar to HTML which it made it easy to produce dōjin games. Up until 2001, dōjin games were not yet popular on the Internet except in Japan which caused the developers to cease the development of DNML. As years went by, it was succeeded by software like KiriKiri, Nscripter and Ren'Py. Despite limited success in the English-speaking community, DNML is still widely used in Japan.
Programming structure.
<plugin src="jpg" name="ifjpegv6.spi">
<plugin src="png" name="ifpng.spi">
"font color="#ffffff"" ; font color similar to HTML
<Background Src="G028.jpg"> ; displays background images
"<BGM SRC="d-g88.mid"" ;; plays midi files
"<Sound src="end.wav">" ;; plays wav file
Outside Japan.
In 1998, J met Karin by looking for resources for the English fan translation of "Isaku". He is a co-founder of a dōjin group (BAO Team) in the Philippines. He told Karin to introduce DNML outside Japan, so otaku around the world would be aware of dōjin games. Since then he joined the development of DNML and translated all the related documents into the English language. In 2000, Karin left the development of DNML to J however according from him, the project is in hiatus for a very long time.

</doc>
<doc id="18963971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963971" title="DécaNation">
DécaNation

DécaNation is an annual track and field meeting organized by the French Athletics Federation (Fédération Française d'Athlétisme) since 2005. The competition comprises national teams of athletes competing in a decathlon, with each athlete competing in their specialised event to score points for their respective countries. The first five editions took place at the Stade Charléty in Paris, but in 2010 it was held at Annecy, in 2011 at Nice and in 2012 it will be at Albi. It is sponsored by SEAT and is referred to as the SEAT DecaNation.
Format.
DécaNation is a competition for national teams, who battle it through the ten classic events of the decathlon program.
From 2009 edition on there were also competitions in non-classic events of the decathlon program.
There are 8 participating countries. Each country fields 20 athletes, 1 man and 1 woman per discipline. The concept is summarized in the promotional tagline "L'Athlé Devient un Sport d'Equipe", that is, "Athletics are Now a Team Sport".
Venue.
The contest is held at the Stade Sébastien Charléty, a 20,000 seater built on the site of the original Charléty. It was dedicated in 1994, when it hosted the IAAF Grand Prix Final (now the IAAF World Athletics Final). The Grand Prix Final returned to Charléty in 2002. For many years, the site was also home to the Meeting Gaz de France, which became the French leg of the IAAF Golden League in 1999, relocating to the recently opened Stade de France in the process.

</doc>
<doc id="18963973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963973" title="After (Sammi Cheng album)">
After (Sammi Cheng album)

After () is a studio album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It was recorded in 1995 and released in May.

</doc>
<doc id="18963983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963983" title="PZL-Świdnik">
PZL-Świdnik

PZL Świdnik S.A ("Wytwórnia Sprzętu Komunikacyjnego PZL-Świdnik S.A.") is the biggest helicopter manufacturer in Poland. Its main products are PZL W-3 Sokół and PZL SW-4 Puszczyk helicopters. In early 2010 the factory was acquired by AgustaWestland.
History.
In 1951 a third national aerospace factory, WSK-Świdnik, was built in Świdnik, and in 1957 it was renamed to WSK PZL-Świdnik. Since 1956 it has become one of the world's major helicopter manufacturers, producing helicopters under the Soviet licence, starting with the SM-1 (Mil Mi-1). Świdnik was the main producer of the Mi-1 and exclusive producer of the widely used in the world Mil Mi-2. Since the late 1980s, Świdnik has been producing a Polish-designed medium helicopter PZL W-3 Sokół. It also produces a light helicopter, the PZL SW-4 Puszczyk. After 1991 the state factory became a state-owned corporation (WSK "PZL-Świdnik" SA). It also produced the Pirat, PW-5 and PW-6 gliders and cooperates widely with other nations' manufacturers, e.g., in the manufacture of Agusta A109 fuselages. 
From 1954 until 1980 the WSK PZL-Świdnik was also a manufacturer of motorcycles, branded as the WSK. Some 2,000,000 of motorcycles of the WSK M06 125 cc and WSK M21 175 cc families were made in that period.
In early 2010 the factory was acquired by AgustaWestland. 

</doc>
<doc id="18963984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18963984" title="Bobby Clack (actor)">
Bobby Clack (actor)

Bobby Clack (January 3, 1926 - April 3, 1986) was an American film actor during the Western B-movies era. Sometimes he is credited as Bobby Clark or Dusty Dixon. His father, Arnold Clack, also was a film actor.
Clack was born in Spiro, Oklahoma, and died in Oregon at the age of 60.
Sources.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18964006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964006" title="Kalombo N'Kongolo">
Kalombo N'Kongolo

Kalombo N'Kongolo (17 July 1961 – 10 March 1993) was a Congolese footballer who played as a central defender.
Football career.
Blessed with a powerful physique, N'Kongolo was born in Kinshasa, and spent most of his professional career in Portugal, where he arrived at the age of 26 signing for modest Sporting Clube de Espinho, in the top division. His solid performances attracted the attention of national powerhouse F.C. Porto.
During his sole season at Porto, N'Kongolo appeared in 17 matches – 16 starts – as his team finished second to S.L. Benfica. He returned to Espinho for three more seasons, with the "Tigers" now in the second level. On 10 March 1993, after playing a few months with Atlético Clube de Portugal in division three, the player died from a brain embolism; he was only 31 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="18964011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964011" title="Missing You (Sammi Cheng album)">
Missing You (Sammi Cheng album)

Missing You () is a studio album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It was recorded in 1995 and released in November.

</doc>
<doc id="18964014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964014" title="RQW Cruiserweight Championship">
RQW Cruiserweight Championship

The Real Quality Wrestling (RQW) Cruiserweight Championship is a professional wrestling championship in Real Quality Wrestling. The title was established in 2007 and is the second highest ranked championship in the company. Title reigns are determined by professional wrestling matches with different wrestlers, involved in pre-existing scripted feuds, plots and storylines. Wrestlers are portrayed as either villains or fan favorites as they follow a series of tension-building events, which culminate into a wrestling match or series of matches for the championship. The title is also known as the British Cruiserweight Championship and the Revolution Pro Wrestling (RPW) Cruiserweight Championship.
History.
The RQW Cruiserweight Championship is the most recent edition of belts to the company's roster having been created almost two years after the RQW Heavyweight Championship and RQW Women's Championship were created. The first-ever champion, Bubblegum won a nine man elimination match at Summer Brawl 2006 in Horndean, Portsmouth to become #1 contender for the title. He defeated Red Vinny at No Pain, No Gain 2007 to become the first champion. However, Bubblegum soon vacated the belt and Red Vinny would reign for just shy of two years until he lost the belt in Ireland to Mark Haskins on December 6. Haskins also became the first person to win the belt twice. Once all RQW belts were placed under WAW Control A golden road tournament was put in place to crown a new champion.
Title history.
As of , .
! # || Wrestler || Reigns || Date || Days held || Location || Event 

</doc>
<doc id="18964021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964021" title="Ardyshly">
Ardyshly

Ardyshly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18964040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964040" title="Alman (surname)">
Alman (surname)

Alman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18964052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964052" title="Hafnium(IV) silicate">
Hafnium(IV) silicate

Hafnium silicate is the hafnium(IV) salt of silicic acid with the chemical formula of HfSiO4. 
Thin films of hafnium silicate and zirconium silicate produced by chemical vapor deposition, most often MOCVD, can be used as a high-k dielectric as a replacement for silicon dioxide in semiconductors.

</doc>
<doc id="18964074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964074" title="It's That Time...18 Songs Compilation">
It's That Time...18 Songs Compilation

It's That Time...18 Songs Compilation () is a studio album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It was recorded in 1995 and released in November. It features 18 songs of her greatest hits from 1990 to 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18964083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964083" title="Roberts Hall (Ithaca, New York)">
Roberts Hall (Ithaca, New York)

Roberts Hall is a building on the Ag Quad of Cornell University, and is the second building of that name. The original Roberts Hall was built in 1906, and was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The 1906-built Roberts Hall was demolished before the construction of the new building and Kennedy Hall. The current building holds many of the administrative offices of the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences and Cornell's landscape architecture program. Both buildings were named for Isaac Phillip Roberts, director of the College of Agriculture from 1874-1903.
The 1906 building is still listed on the National Register, apparently erroneously as the building is no longer there. East Robert Hall and Stone Hall are two other former Cornell University buildings that were and are similarly listed.
In 1973, Franzen and Associates, the architectural firm that was designing Cornell's statutory college buildings at that time, conducted a study indicating that Roberts, East Roberts, Stone, Caldwell and Comstock Halls were unsafe and should be condemned. Franzen concluded that it would cost $14 million to renovate the five buildings and that it would be cheaper to tear them down and replace them with new buildings, presumably designed by Franzen. (Ironically, as of 2010, Caldwell and Comstock Halls are still in use, but another Franzen-designed building, the north wing of Martha Van Rensselaer Hall, had to be demolished as structurally unsound.) By 1978, the cost of demolishing the five buildings and building two replacements had escallated to $18 million. In response, two groups, Historic Ithaca and a student-group called the "Ag Quad Preservation Society" applied to list the five buildings on the National Register and sought to protect them under a newly enacted Ithaca historic preservation ordinance. Just before Historic Ithaca could gain a court injunction to stop the demolition of Roberts, East Roberts and Stone Halls, Cornell began the demolition. The State of New York renovated Caldwell and sold Comstock back to Cornell for use as a computer center.

</doc>
<doc id="18964089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964089" title="Bolesław Witczak">
Bolesław Witczak

Bolesław Witczak (born 8 March 1966 in Szamotuły) is a politician, engineer of logistics, entrepreneur.
In 1981 he graduated from Trade School and then in 1988 became alumnus of Wood Technology School in Poznań. In the years 2002–2004 he studied at logistics faculty of High School of Communication and Management in Poznań.
In the years 2001–2005 he studied at the logistics faculty of High School of Communication and Management in Poznań. Promoter of graduate diploma entitled "Theory of Constraints (TOC) as logistical strategy in management on purchasing department of productive enterprise" was Professor Marek Fertsch.
In 2002 he attended the course “Theory of Constraints” in production and logistics areas organized by Abraham Y. Goldratt Institute/Velocity Management Group.
In 1992 he established the section of Real Politics Union (Unia Polityki Realnej) in Szamotuły.
On 5 November 2007 he became a president of Wielkopolska Region of Real Politics Union and from 2 June 2008 also runs the leadership of Podkarpacie Region of UPR.
Bolesław Witczak took part in parliament election from Janusz Korwin-Mikke's Platform list in (as UPR member) 2005.
In the election 2007 he was a candidate to Parliament from the League of Polish Families list (as UPR member) in Piła district.
On 7 June 2008 he was appointed a chairman of Real Politics Union.
9 January 2010 conventicles elected as President of the UPR Magdalena Kocik, but in September the same year the National Court decided the choice to be invalid, leaving Boleslaw Witczak on the record as president of the UPR.
In local elections in 2010 as member of UPR was a candidate for council of Wielkopolska (the list has not received credentials).
On 19 February 2011, during the convention and conventicles of UPR convened by Bolesław Witczak and Magdalena Kocik, elected the new president of the party Bartosz Józwiak.
Witczak is married since 1996 and has two sons : Antoni and Jan

</doc>
<doc id="18964091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964091" title="Pu Zoramthanga (boxer)">
Pu Zoramthanga (boxer)

Pu Zoramthanga (also known as Zoram Thanga, T. Zoramthanga originally named Run Nawn) (b. 1963 in Falam, Myanmar - d. February 9, 2005 in Aizawl, Mizoram) was an amateur boxer from the state of Mizoram, who is remembered as the first Indian to win a bronze medal at the 6th Boxing World Cup in Mumbai (then Bombay), 1990.
He is not to be confused with his namesake, Pu Zoramthanga, the politician and longtime Chief Minister of Mizoram.
Brief Biography.
Zoramthanga was born "Run Nawn" to a Chin family in Selawn village near the town of Falam in Chin State, Myanmar. His family moved to Tithim village near Tahan-Kalaymyo. He joined the Myanmar Army there, where he first took up boxing.
In a bid to further his career, Zoramthanga moved to Mizoram in India, changing his name and jumpstarting his boxing career in 1985. He won a gold medal at the "Mizoram-Myanmar Champhai Border Championships" in his weight category the same year.
Zoramthanga participated in several national and international boxing championships for Mizoram and India. He fared well in the World Amateur Boxing Championships in Moscow in 1989, where he reached the quarter finals, before losing to Cuban boxer and eventual runners-up Rogelio Marcelo.
His greatest success was at the 6th Boxing World Cup in Mumbai in 1990, where he won a bronze medal in the Light Flyweight category. He defeated "Jin Yang" of South Korea on points in the preliminaries, and Paul Weir of Scotland in the quarterfinals, also on points. He lost to eventual champion Eric Griffin of USA in the semi-finals on points. However, unlike most amateur boxing tournaments, the Boxing World Cup had a third place play-off to decide the bronze medal position. Zoramthanga defeated fellow Indian boxer Dhamendar Yadav 17-4 on points to clinch the bronze medal. This was India's first medal in an international boxing tournament outside the Asian Games.
Following the win, the Government of Mizoram made him the Sports Promotion Officer of the state. He retired from boxing in 1992. He held the post of Sports Promotion Officer until he died abruptly of hypertension at the "Lunglei Civil Hospital" in Lunglei, Mizoram on February 9, 2005. He was survived by his wife and three children.

</doc>
<doc id="18964099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964099" title="Abdoulie Janneh">
Abdoulie Janneh

Abdoulie Janneh currently serves as the United Nations Executive Secretary of the Economic Commission for Africa (ECA). He was appointed to the position by United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan in September 2005. 
Janneh is an active player in promoting African development and responding to the continent’s national and regional priorities. Throughout his career, he has been an active player in enhancing partnership-building for Africa, aiming to mobilize support and build inclusiveness for shared development objectives. He has established and maintained high level partnership with programme and donor governments, the private sector, civil society and national, regional and international organizations. He has also written articles on African development and delivered policy statements and keynote speeches. He was member of several advisory panels of organizations on Africa’s development. 
He started his career at the United Nations Development Programme as a development planner in 1979. Over the years, he has risen to become a senior manager both in the UNDP and its affiliated funds, including Resident Coordinator and Resident Representative in Ghana (1996-1999) and Niger (1993-1996) and Deputy Executive Secretary of the United Nations Capital Development Fund (1990-1993).
Under his guidance, the UNDP Bureau for Africa has contributed greatly to promoting good governance, the fight against HIV/AIDs, economic reform, fair trade, poverty eradication and crisis prevention. He also pays special attention to issues such as the institutional transformation of the African Union and the successful implementation of the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD). He has played a critical role in strategy and policy-setting in UNDP and had spearheaded institutional change and development in the organization. In 1999, he led the Transition Team of the former UNDP Administrator, Mark Malloch Brown. 
From 2000 to 2007, Janneh served as Assistant Secretary-General and UNDP Regional Director for Africa, in charge of managing UNDP’s largest Regional Bureau, covering 45 countries in sub-Saharan Africa with a complement of over 1,500 staff. 
He obtained a Master of Arts degree in Urban and Regional Planning Studies from the University of Nottingham in England. He is also a graduate of Engineering Science from Fourah Bay College, Sierra Leone and undertook post-graduate studies in Project Planning and Appraisal at the University of Bradford in England.

</doc>
<doc id="18964101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964101" title="EMI Televisa Music">
EMI Televisa Music

EMI Televisa Music was a record label established in 2005 as a partnership between EMI and Televisa. It has focuses on Latin American music. 

</doc>
<doc id="18964105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964105" title="Edward Paget (bishop)">
Edward Paget (bishop)

The Most Rev Edward Francis Paget was an eminent Anglican Bishop in the middle part of the 20th century.
He was born in 1886 into a clerical family, his father was the Rt Rev Francis Paget sometime Bishop of Oxford educated at Shrewsbury School and Christ Church, Oxford, and ordained in 1911. His first post was as a Curate at "St Frideswide's", Poplar after which he emigrated to Southern Africa. Initially Vicar of Benoni he was elevated to the Episcopate as the 5th Bishop of Southern Rhodesia in 1925. After thirty years he was additionally elected the inaugural Archbishop of Central Africa. He retired to Gillits in 1957 and died on 21 April 1971. A service of thanksgiving was held on 24th May 1971 at the headquarters of the USPG in London

</doc>
<doc id="18964110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964110" title="1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Men's 200 metre butterfly">
1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Men's 200 metre butterfly

These are the official results of the Men's 200 metres Butterfly event at the 1993 FINA Short Course World Championships held in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18964112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964112" title="Klement Jug">
Klement Jug

Klement Jug (19 November 1898 – 11 August 1924) was a Slovene philosopher, essayist and mountaineer who died while climbing Mount Triglav. Although he did not publish many works during his lifetime, he became one of the most influential thinkers of the younger generations of Slovenian intellectuals in the interwar period.
Life.
Jug was born in a wealthy peasant-merchant family in Solkan, Slovenia, then a suburb of the Austro-Hungarian town of Gorizia. He attended the grammar school in Gorizia and then enrolled at the University of Ljubljana where he studied philosophy under the supervision of the Slovene phenomenologist philosopher France Veber. A fervent reader of Kant, Nietzsche and Freud, Jug developed his own philosophy based on the supremacy of the will and the unappealable adherence to ethics and personal responsibility.
Since young age, Jug also practiced extreme alpinism, in which he saw a way to practice the effort self-control. In one of his solitary excursions to the Julian Alps, he died by falling from the northern face of Mount Triglav.
Legacy.
Jug left very few written works. During his lifetime, he published only a few essays, while several philosophic and ethical reflections have been found as manuscripts after his death and published posthumously by his closest friends. Nevertheless, his influence has been relatively big. He was considered to be the ideological leader of the younger generations of Slovene students from the Julian March, the western Slovenian region which came under Italian administration after World War I. These youngsters rejected any compromises with Italian Fascists and urged for a radical and organized resistance against the policies of Fascist Italianization. Many of them found in Jug the source for their intellectual and personal inspiration. 
Among Jug's direct disciples were the famous novelist Vladimir Bartol and Zorko Jelinčič, one of the co-founders of the militant anti-fascist organization TIGR. Already in 1925, the two organized the first seminar dedicated to Jug's memory in the village of Krn near Kobarid, in which they discussed the issues of Jug's voluntaristic world view. Due to the effort of Jug's colleagues, his posthumous fame spread in the intellectual circles of interwar Slovenia. The list of his admirors included the author, politician and diplomat Anton Novačan, the poet Oton Župančič, the playwrights Pavel Golia and Ivan Mrak, and the poet and political activist Edvard Kocbek.
Many prominent Slovene thinkers and artists have published their reflections over Jug's fate, including the literary critic Josip Vidmar, the novelist Vladimir Bartol, philosopher Milan Komar, essayist Jože Javoršek, and philosopher and literary critic Taras Kermauner. Jug has also influenced the strong Slovenian mountaineer subculture and the literature which emerged from it; authors who have been influenced by Klement Jug include Igor Škamperle and Dušan Jelinčič. The controversial Slovenian psychologist and therapist Janez Rugelj also wrote on Jug, taking him as a positive example of a self-made man. The sociologist Lev Milčinski, on the other hand, analyzed Jug as an example of a self-destructive and suicidal personality.
In 1988, the writer and playwright Drago Jančar portraited Jug in the play "Klement's Fall" ("Klementov padec"). In 2006, a documentary on Klement Jug was filmed and broadcast on Slovenian National Television. A popular Alpine lodge in the upper Soča Valley is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18964118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964118" title="Can't Let Go (album)">
Can't Let Go (album)

"Can't Let Go" () is a studio album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It was recorded in 1996 and released in May of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18964121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964121" title="Loane">
Loane

Loane is a French singer-songwriter.
Biography.
Loane was born in Paris, France. Living with a musically-inclined family, she quickly became quite distinguished at the piano even performing pieces by Satie and Debussy. She refined her skills for a few years at a music conservatory. Aside from her musical pursuits, the young pianist also found interest in theater and literature. She also achieved a degree in Information and Communication. Influenced by the wide spectrum of the musical universe, she delved in projects encompassing electronica, folk, and pop, and composed music for movie advertisements. In 2008, she released her first album for Virgin/EMI, backed by producers Fabrice Dumont (Télépopmusik) and Frédéric Fortuny. After being revealed at Le Printemps de Bourge and Les Francofolies, her song "Danser" was chosen as "live de l'année" on the programme "Ce Soir (ou Jamais!)" on France 3.
In May 2011, her second album "Le Lendemain" was released. It was composed on the piano and travels between electronic and pop sounds. The album's combination of synthetic and acoustic sound was achieved between Third Side Records and La Frette Studios under supervision of producers David Sztanke and Yann Arnaud. On the album she shares a duet with Lenny Kravitz and singer Christophe lends his voice to the last song of the album.
Career.
In 2008, she was one of the revelations of Printemps de Bourges. She is known to the general public by her song "Jamais seule". She has performed on stage throughout France.

</doc>
<doc id="18964123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964123" title="Georges-Mathieu de Durand">
Georges-Mathieu de Durand

Georges-Mathieu de Durand ( -1997) was a Canadian Dominican specialized in patristics and Christology.
A professor at the University of Montreal, he is particularly known for his contributions to the Sources Chrétiennes collection. He published alone or in collaboration 13 bilingual volumes, relating particularly to the Trinity (Hilary, "De Trinitate"; Basil, "Contra Eunomium"; and Cyril of Alexandria, "De Trinitate Dialogi") and to Christology (Cyril of Alexandria, "De Incarnatione", "Quod Unus Sit Christus").
He was working on Nemesius of Emesa's "De Natura Hominis" at the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18964125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964125" title="Lone Star Township">
Lone Star Township

Lone Star Township may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="18964133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964133" title="Eurosurveillance">
Eurosurveillance

Eurosurveillance is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal covering epidemiology, with a focus on such topics that are of particular relevance to Europe. The journal was established in 1995 and jointly funded by the European Commission, Institut de veille sanitaire (Paris), and the Health Protection Agency (London). Since 2007 it has been published weekly by the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in PubMed/MEDLINE, Scopus, Science Citation Index Expanded, EMBASE, and EBSCO databases. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 5.491, ranking it 6th out of 69 journals in the category "Infectious Diseases".

</doc>
<doc id="18964139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964139" title="Tylösand">
Tylösand

Tylösand is a locality situated in Halmstad Municipality, Halland County, Sweden, with 399 inhabitants in 2010. It is located 7 km west of Halmstad, on Tyludden. Tylösand is famous for its 7 km long sand beach, its golf courses and “Hotell Tylösand”, a hotel owned by Roxette star Per Gessle and Björn Nordstrand. 
History.
The Roman poet Vergilius, in the middle of the first century BC, refers to the North as “Ultima Thule”, i.e. the furthermost North. The Roman author Plinius, who lived during the first century AD, claims that the world's furthermost place at Thule or Tyle is the place described by the Greek Pytheas from Marseille, who travelled from the Mediterranean to the North in 300 BC. In the 1950s, the German researcher W. Koepp links the above mentioned citations to the area of Tylö in Halland, Sweden.
Excavations in the area of Tylösand and Söndrum show traces of a 6000-year-old Stoneage dwelling, where axes and arrows were found. On Tylö, Bronze age remains were found. The area of Tylösand was given to Halmstad by the Danes in 1563. According to official documents dating back to the 16th century, Tylösand was mainly inhabited by fishermen. It was almost impossible to cultivate any crops in the surrounding area because of the sand's expansion. One explanation given is that when trees were cut down, the ground could no longer hold the sand that spread over the whole area. The area of Tyludden and Tylösand was difficult to approach and one of its bays called ’’Tjuvahålan” (“the thieves’ hole”) was popular among smugglers. In 1870, the customs service installed a customs station in order to combat smuggling and the same year the lighthouse on Tylö was built. In 1905, a holiday resort for school children was built, making Tylösand a place for holidays and recreation. The sea resort of Tylösand became widely known in the beginning of the 20th century. In 1915, the first inn was built, and in 1917 “Tylösands Havsbad” (“Tylösand's sea baths”) was established by the inn's owner and the royal photographer Johan Hallberg. In 1927, the hotel that is nowadays called “Hotel Tylösand” was built by Tylösands Havsbad and was inaugurated in 1931. The old inn was demolished in 1985.
In the 1920s, camping above Tjuvahålan became popular and the tourists lived in tents. In the 1930s, small cottages were built.
The construction of the golf course began 1935 and was completed 1938.
Prince Bertil's path.
Between 1954 and 1997 and during the summer months, Prince Bertil of Sweden used to reside in his villa in Tylösand, located at the end of the street Älgvägen. The 13 km long path derives its name from Prince Bertil.
The paths starts at the palace of Halmstad and ends at the sand beach of Tylösand and is suitable for young and old and even for the handicapped. A part of the path passes through the Rhododendron park that was planted in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="18964154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964154" title="Charlie Yingling">
Charlie Yingling

Charles Christian "Charlie" Yingling (December 7, 1865 to April 13, 1897) was a professional baseball player. Yingling played in one game in Major League Baseball with the Philadelphia Phillies in 1894 as a shortstop. He had one hit in four at bats. Yingling was born and died in Baltimore, Maryland. 
Coincidentally, Charlie's brother, Joe Yingling, also appeared in just one major league game, in his case as a pitcher. In 1887, the two were teammates on the minor league baseball team in Haverhill, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18964162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964162" title="Ismail Mahomed">
Ismail Mahomed

Justice Ismail Mahomed, SCOB S.C. (5 July 1931 - 17 June 2000) was a South African lawyer who served as the Chief Justice of South Africa and the Supreme Court of Namibia, and co-authored the constitution of Namibia.
Early life.
Mahomed was born in Pretoria, his parents were Indian merchants. He graduated from Pretoria Indian Boys' High School in 1950. He received his BA from University of the Witwatersrand in 1953 and the following year received his BA honours with distinction in political science. He finished his Bachelor of Laws in 1957.
Career.
Mahomed was refused admission to the Pretoria Bar Association, as it was reserved for white lawyers, but was able to join the Johannesburg Bar Association. However, because of the Group Areas Act, he was banned from getting an office of his own, and was forced to practice out of his colleagues' offices while they were away. In the 1960s he served as a lawyer in Botswana. Lesotho, Swaziland and Zimbabwe. In 1974 he became the first non-white in South African history to take silk. In 1979 he was appointed to the appeal court of Swaziland and in 1982 was made an Appeal Judge in Lesotho, where he would later become president of the Appeals court. He was made an English Barrister in 1984. In 1991 he became the chair of the Convention for a Democratic South Africa and the country's first non-white judge of the Supreme Court of South Africa. He was later appointed to the Appeal Court. He was made a judge of the Constitutional Court in 1995. In 1996 he was made the Chief Justice of South Africa by President Nelson Mandela.
Death.
Mahomed died of pancreatic cancer in Johannesburg on 17 June 2000, shortly after leaving the bench. Sam Nujoma, the Namibian President at that time, spoke at his funeral.
Honours and Awards.
At the Supreme Court of Namibia there is a statue in his honour.
He was posthumously awarded the Order of the Baobab (Gold) in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18964166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964166" title="Zeynel Abidin Erdem">
Zeynel Abidin Erdem

Dr. Zeynel Abidin Erdem (February 15, 1944, Mardin) is a Turkish business tycoon and the honorary consul of the Kingdom of Spain to the Marmara Region of Turkey and the honorary consul of the Republic of Sudan to the Republic of Turkey. He was born on the 15th of February 1944 in Savur, Mardin, Turkey. After his graduation from Faculty of Chemistry of Yıldız Technical University, Istanbul, he completed the doctorate program of Faculty of Management of Istanbul University. He worked as an assistant in the Chair of Industrial Inorganic Chemistry between 1973 and 1976. He was the president of the Istanbul Chamber of Chemical Engineers between 1972 and 1974 and the president of Kimsan Labor Union in 1973.
Dr. Erdem began his business life in 1965. Currently he is the president of the board of directors of the following companies:
His memberships.
Dr. Erdem is also member of the following associations:
On 2 May 2006, the Presidency Counsel of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey has awarded Dr. Zeynel Abidin Erdem with the "Superior Service Award Medal and Title of Privilege" of the Turkish Parliament for his superior servings to the Republic of Turkey and the Turkish nation both in the national and international level, for his contribution to the promotion of Turkey, and for his worthwhile services for the prosperity, education, wellness and social development of the nation.
Dr. Erdem continues his social services through his presidency at the MAREV – Association of Businessmen of Mardin and as former chairman and member of the Association of Yüzyıl Işıl High Schools. He is a member of the Global Advisory Board of the George Washington University. On 29 June 2000 he was also honored by Omar Hasan Ahmad al-Bashir, President of the Republic of Sudan with a legion of honor. Dr. Erdem served two terms as Chairman of the Turkish-American Businessmen Association,TABA an accredited American Chamber of Commerce in Turkey, [http://istanbul.usconsulate.gov/taa_in_turkey.html.
Since 1996 he is also a "Commander of the Order of the Spanish Civil Merit" as bestowed by H.M King Juan Carlos I of Spain.
He is closely affiliated with sports, especially with golf. He is an active member of the Board of Directors of Federation of Golf and the Board of Directors of Federation Sailing.
Dr. Zeynel Abidin Erdem is married and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="18964169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964169" title="Star Township">
Star Township

Star Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18964189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964189" title="1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Men's 100 metre butterfly">
1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Men's 100 metre butterfly

These are the official results of the Men's 100 metres Butterfly event at the 1993 FINA Short Course World Championships held in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18964194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964194" title="Stone Hall (Ithaca, New York)">
Stone Hall (Ithaca, New York)

Stone Hall was a building on the campus of Cornell University in Ithaca, New York, named after John Lemuel Stone, a CALS professor of farm practice during the early 1900s. It no longer exists.
It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is still listed on the National Register.
It is listed erroneously as the building is no longer there.
East Robert Hall and Roberts Hall are two other former Cornell University buildings that were and are similarly listed.
References.
The building that is currently located here is also named Roberts hall. It houses the offices of the Dean of CALS, the NYS Experiment Station Director, and the Director of Cornell Cooperative Extension. It is linked by a breezeway to Kennedy Hall on the South. From the aerial view shown here, the two buildings appear as one.

</doc>
<doc id="18964234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964234" title="Worth It">
Worth It

Worth It () is a Mandarin studio album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It was recorded in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18964238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964238" title="Shlomo Rosen">
Shlomo Rosen

Shlomo Rosen (, born 21 June 1905, died 7 December 1985) was an Israeli politician and minister.
Born in Moravská Ostrava in Austria-Hungary (today in the Czech Republic), Rosen made aliyah to Mandatory Palestine in 1926. He joined kibbutz Sarid the following year. Between 1933 and 1935 he returned to Ostrava to serve as an emissary for Hashomer Hatzair. After returning home, he worked for the Kibbutz Artzi movement, later serving as its secretary.
In the 1965 elections he was voted into the Knesset on Mapam's list. After Mapam merged into the Alignment, he was re-elected in 1969. Following the election, he became Deputy Speaker of the Knesset, and in November 1972 was appointed Deputy Minister of Immigrant Absorption. Although he lost his seat in the 1973 elections, he was appointed Minister of Immigrant Absorption by Golda Meir when she formed the new government. He retained the portfolio when Yitzhak Rabin took over as Prime Minister, and was appointed Minister of Housing in January 1977. He lost both portfolios when Menachem Begin formed the next government in June that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18964242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964242" title="FSEvents">
FSEvents

The FSEvents API in Mac OS X allows applications to register for notifications of changes to a given directory tree. Whenever the filesystem is changed, the kernel passes notifications via the special device file codice_1 to a userspace process called codice_2. This process combines multiple changes to a single directory tree that occur within a short period of time, then notifies applications that have registered for changes to the affected directory.
Until Mac OS X 10.7, FSEvents did not "watch" the filesystem, such as Linux's inotify: the API provided no notifications for changes to individual files. An application was able to register to receive changes to a given directory, and had to determine for itself which file or files were changed.
Mac OS X 10.7 (Lion) added the ability to register for file modification notifications.

</doc>
<doc id="18964282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964282" title="East Roberts Hall">
East Roberts Hall

East Roberts Hall was a building on the campus of Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. It no longer exists.
It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is still listed on the National Register.
It is listed erroneously as the building is no longer there.
Roberts Hall and Stone Hall are two other former Cornell University buildings that were and are similarly listed.

</doc>
<doc id="18964284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964284" title="The Blue Moods of Spain">
The Blue Moods of Spain

The Blue Moods of Spain is the debut album by Spain, released in 1995 on Restless Records.
Singles.
From this album, “I Lied”, “Dreaming of Love”, and “Ray of Light” were released in some form as singles.
“Untitled #1” (for which a video was recorded) appears on the soundtracks to the films Winter Sleepers (1997), Phoenix and Somewhere in the City (both 1998).
Reception.
In a review, Richie Unterberger (AllMusic) writes that "Spain succeed at evoking a brooding, late-night atmosphere", and appreciates the "seductive drones (with lots of languorous guitar/basslines and shuffle drums) and melancholy, pensive songs." However, he adds that "It's a bit monotonous all at once", and gives the album three stars.

</doc>
<doc id="18964286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964286" title="Coalville Town railway station">
Coalville Town railway station

Coalville Town was a railway station at Coalville in Leicestershire on the Leicester to Burton upon Trent Line. The Midland Railway opened the station in 1894 and British Railways closed it on 7 September 1964.
Coalville Town was the most important station between Leicester and Burton-on-Trent and was built to fuller dimensions to reflect this. It was called Coalville Town to distinguish it from on the rival Charnwood Forest Railway. 
The station straddled the A50 road. Its former booking office is now a children's nursery beside the level crossing.
Motive power depot.
British Railways closed Mantle Lane motive power depot at Coalville in 1990. Its "Category A" status was a clerical error, and was in fact a "Category C". The British Railways depot on the site was unusual in that it had no fuelling points, fitters or any other shed facilities. Locomotives would be taken in ferries to nearby (until it closed) or for refuelling, water and sandbox filling. This perhaps shows why it was a surprise to find it as an A-listed depot. Little remains at the site which hints at its formerly busy railway past. Two tracks remain where once lay four 'on shed' as it were.
Reopening proposals.
In the 1990s BR planned to restore passenger services between Leicester and Burton as the second phase of its Ivanhoe Line project. However, after the privatisation of British Rail in 1995 this phase of the project was discontinued. In 2009 the Association of Train Operating Companies published a £49 million proposal to restore passenger services to the line that would include reopening a station at Coalville.

</doc>
<doc id="18964287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964287" title="Cvijić">
Cvijić

Cvijić is a Serbian surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18964299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964299" title="William Hurst Rees">
William Hurst Rees

William Hurst Rees (12 April 1917 – 6 January 2004) was a leading British valuation surveyor, a Member of the Lands Tribunal from 1973 until his retirement in 1989. He was the originator and editor of the first five editions of "Valuation: Principles into Practice" (now in its sixth edition of 2008), the leading handbook for students and practitioners of valuation in the UK.
Bill Rees was born in Bushey, Hertfordshire and educated at Watford Grammar School for Boys. He began his professional life with Salter Rex & Co while studying for a professional degree at the College of Estate Management in London. During the Second World War he joined the Royal Artillery and later transferred to the Royal Engineers, with which he served during the Normandy landings. When discharged after the war he had achieved the rank of Major.
After the war he became a lecturer at the College of Estate Management, the leading British institution of higher learning in the fields of property, and from 1948 to 1951 was Head of the Valuation Department. In 1949 he became joint author, with David Lawrence and Harold May, of the second edition of "Modern Methods of Valuation" and subsequently edited the next four editions. In 1951 he moved to Richard Ellis as head of the valuation department. During this period he acted for Mrs Harvey in the "Harvey" v "Crawley" case, which gave rise to the concept of Crawley costs. In 1961 he became senior partner of Turner Rudge & Turner, where he stayed until he became a member of the Lands Tribunal in 1973, where he gave lead decisions in a number of important cases. In 1978 he devised and edited the first five editions of "Valuation: Principles into Practice".

</doc>
<doc id="18964307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964307" title="Foundation for God's Glory">
Foundation for God's Glory

Foundation for God’s Glory (FGG) is a non-profit corporation registered in the State of New York. It is exempted from Federal income tax under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. The Internal Revenue Service classified it as a private operating foundation described in section 4942(j)(3) of the Code. Its founder and executive director is Dante Raul "DR" Teodoro.
Mission.
FGG's mission is to improve the quality of life of the underprivileged by empowering them through scholarship grants, hunger alleviation and disaster relief projects.
History.
FGG was founded in 2004 in response to the success of Juno Healthcare Staffing Systems, Inc., a recruitment staffing that Dante Raul "DR" Teodoro, his wife Nonita "NT" Teodoro and their daughter Charm Teodoro started in 2001. Through FGG, the Teodoro family developed an effective means of organizing their acts of charity to give back to the community.
Because of the foundation's contributions to society, DR Teodoro received two awards, namely, the Twenty Outstanding Filipinos Abroad Award for 2008 and the Humanitarian Leadership Award for 2007. NT Teodoro was also honored with the New York Women of Excellence Award. 
Since launching its programs in the Philippines in 2005, FGG has distributed 400 bags of relief to 180 families who were struck by natural disasters such as the mudslide in Leyte and the Typhoon Chanchu victims in Mindoro. FGG also graduated 72 scholars from Metro Manila, Northern Luzon and the Visayas. FGG set up 4 feeding centers to feed undernourished children, conducted three medical missions, and sponsored livelihood workshops in urban poor communities. In the US, FGG sent financial support to aid the people affected by Hurricane Katrina, and fed 60 South American indigent migrants in New Jersey. FGG regularly sent volunteers to help feed the homeless in New York City, and gives monthly financial support to 19 US-based Christian ministries. For school year 2008-2009, FGG is supporting 95 students who were given scholarships to study in 4 church planting and evangelism courses that are conducted in Metro Manila and Baguio City, Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="18964308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964308" title="1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Women's 100 metre butterfly">
1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Women's 100 metre butterfly

These are the official results of the Women's 100 metres Butterfly event at the 1993 FINA Short Course World Championships held in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18964311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964311" title="Tom Ballard">
Tom Ballard

Tom Ballard (born 26 November 1989) is an Australian radio presenter and comedian.
Early life.
Thomas Colin Ballard was born to parents Judy and Neil Ballard and grew up in Warrnambool, Victoria. He attended Brauer College Warrnambool, graduating in 2007 where he was dux with an ENTER of 99.80, and was consequently named as the dux of the South West Region.
He was also awarded the VCAA's VCE Achiever's Award for December 2007. Among reasons he was given this award were cited as winning VCAA's Plain English Speaking Award as well his work within the school and local youth communities and activism on topics such as homophobia and cyberbullying.
Comedy career.
Ballard began his comedy career by playing Blitzen in a local amateur production of Rock n Roll Santa in 1997. He was a three-time Class Clowns National Finalist and a Raw Comedy National Finalist by 2006. He performed in Upwey, Warburton, Healesville and Lilydale as part of the Young Blood Comedy Tour in 2007 and was a guest entertainer in the 2007 Melbourne Comedy Festival's Eskimo Jokes show.
He was one quarter of The Comedy Zone at the 2008 Melbourne International Comedy Festival.
Radio career.
Ballard was a presenter for Warrnambool's 3WAY FM community radio station with Alex Dyson. On the strength of his Raw Comedy performance, Ballard was given the chance to develop some demos with Australian youth radio station Triple J and, along with Dyson, was given regular "Mid-Dawn" (1am to 6 am) shifts.
In December 2008, Ballard and Dyson were the presenters for the weekday summer lunch slot (10 am to 2 pm) and in 2009 moved to the weekend breakfast slot. On 23 November 2009, Triple J announced that Ballard and Dyson would take over as hosts of the 2010 Breakfast show.
In November 2013, Ballard resigned from Triple J after 7 years with the station to focus on his stand-up comedy.
Personal life.
In November 2009, comedian and television personality Josh Thomas confirmed he was in a relationship with Ballard via his podcast. They later separated in June 2010 after 16 months of dating, with Ballard posting on his Facebook fanpage: "Josh and I aren't going out anymore. It's all pretty complicated, but basically I just decided that I have to follow my heart and get married to Mitch Hewer, Zac Efron, Daniel Radcliffe and Eamon Sullivan. We are still great friends though and it is all okay." Josh subsequently dated Thomas Jaspers although to avoid confusion with Ballard, Ward and himself nicknamed him 'Ralph'. Ballard is also a strong supporter for Animal rights, owning several cats of his own and using his fame to raise awareness for the cause. Ballard is vegetarian.

</doc>
<doc id="18964316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964316" title="Advanced Technical Intelligence Center">
Advanced Technical Intelligence Center

The Advanced Technical Intelligence Center for Human Capital Development (ATIC) is a university and industry-focused research, education, and training nonprofit corporation within the Dayton Region consolidating technical intelligence education and training available in the DoD, national agencies, and civilian institutes and industry. ATIC incorporates on-site and distance learning environments and a research lab that broadens opportunities and options for research and collaboration across the intelligence and research and development communities in all intelligence disciplines. The close proximity of ATIC to the National Air and Space Intelligence Center (NASIC), the nation’s premier technical intelligence exploitation center; to the scientists and engineers of the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL); to the Air Force Institute of Technology (AFIT), an Associate member of the National Intelligence University System; and to the large and growing contractor base in the Dayton region provide an advantage for leveraging research. A technical intelligence learning and research capability at ATIC will reinforce Wright Patterson Air Force Base’s (WPAFB) reputation as the leader in education, training, research, development, and operational employment of highly complex intelligence data.
History.
ATIC was formed in 2006 by a confederation of Dayton-area government, industry, and academic organizations with congressionally directed funding to help solve the increasing shortage of technical intelligence expertise. Exponential growth in the use of technical intelligence, e.g., Measurement and Signature Intelligence (MASINT)/Advanced Geospatial Intelligence (AGI), Geospatial Intelligence (GEOINT), and Signals Intelligence (SIGINT) --combined with the increased application of Human Intelligence (HUMINT) and Open Source Intelligence (OSINT)--by the Intelligence Community (IC) and warfighters is severely straining the technical intelligence workforce, leading to a nationwide shortage of specialized expertise with appropriate clearances Growth in this workforce from within civilian U.S. graduate schools is hindered by the increasing numbers of foreign national faculty and students enrolled in engineering and science programs. ATIC intends to be the only not-for-profit organization of its kind, to offer the IC specialized, technical, in-residence and distance learning, short courses, certificate programs, accredited associate and bachelor programs, along with the unique ability to host conferences and events in a state of the art secure auditorium, Video Teleconferencing (VTC) and/or meeting room capability, all delivered from a single, secure location.
Mission.
The ATIC mission is to develop an appropriately cleared Advanced Technical Intelligence (ATI) workforce of the future by providing training and education to all elements of the Intelligence Community (IC) and those interested in becoming part of the IC, and by providing research facilities for emerging technologies. To accomplish this mission, the ATIC will develop and operate an educational and research facility, staffed by a cadre of faculty and subject matter experts, to instruct and grow this unique workforce in the Dayton area. Ultimately, the workforce created by the ATIC will enhance our nation’s advanced technical intelligence programs.
Board of Trustees and Officers.
ATIC has a Board of Trustees consisting of members who come from a variety of backgrounds and professions, allowing ATIC to ensure a collaborative, community-focused board. 
Officers
Core Values.
Learning is paramount to the ATIC mission, and the word “LEARN” is an effective acronym to describe the core values that will enable ATIC to be the:
Leader within the advanced technical intelligence training and education arena
Excel at offering a full spectrum of both in-residence and distance learning 
Available and affordable to government employees and commercial contractors
Responsive to stakeholder requirements, adopting new partners and programs
Networked throughout the community to provide the services that really are needed

</doc>
<doc id="18964317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964317" title="C Kkompany">
C Kkompany

C Kompany (alternatively "C Company") is a 2008 Bollywood comedy film directed by debutant Sachin Yardi, and produced by Ekta Kapoor and Shobha Kapoor. The film stars Tusshar Kapoor, Rajpal Yadav, Raima Sen and Anupam Kher. It released on 29 August 2008 to negative reviews from critics, and was a failure at the box office.
Plot.
Three individuals - Akshay (Tusshar Kapoor), Mr. Joshi (Anupam Kher) and Lambodar Jha(Rajpal Yadav) have their own share of troubles as a common man. While Akshay is a struggling crime reporter, Mr. Joshi is a retired accountant troubled by his ungrateful son. Lambodhar works as a mascot in a mall, but tells his son he has a business. Lambodar finds it difficult to deal with his wife over his job and is very aggressive to tall people, because he is very short and is often made fun of. Together they share their plight and find solace in each other's company.
Akshay wants to marry the love of his life,Priya(Raima Sen), the sister of the leader of D Company, Dattu Bhai. Mr. Joshi wants to get 1 Crore from his son which he claims he has a right to, since Mr. Joshi has spent 1 Crore raising his son. Akshay wants a portion of this money to run away from India with his girlfriend. To get this money, the trio call Joshi's son, claiming to be from a large gang and threaten to kill his family if he does not comply. Through a series of events, this matter becomes public and the trio try to keep it secret. Joshi has a friend whose apartment complex is being taken down by people backed by the D Company. Joshi and Lambhodhar plant a fake bomb in the car of a big D Company backed businessman, saying that the next time, they could easily put a real bomb if the businessman doesn't stop the destruction of the apartment complex.
A show called "Sarkar ya C Kkompany" is aired on Zee TV, with Akshay as the anchor. In the show, people call in with their problems and the viewers see if C Kkompany helps or the Sarkar (government). The trio decide to help many people out of sympathy. However, the leader of D Company tries his best to discover the identity of the C Kkompany. He finds out that C Kkompany will be extorting 1 million from Joshi's son, and goes to the meeting point (a Carnival) to kill the C Kkompany members. He catches the trio, but lets them go and changes his ways.
In the end, Akshay gets married to Priya, with Datto Bhai happily watching. Mr. Joshi gets his son's 1 Crore Rs., and claims he got a lottery to hide the fact that he was C Kkompany and that he extorted the money. Lambodar starts his own business, and you have to be at least 6 feet tall to work there. The three live happily ever after, and the movie ends.
The tale of C KKcompany continues and it is found that now Sadashiv Pradhan is making the calls on C KKcompany behalf, unknown to Lambodhar, Joshi and Akshay. Lambodhar, Joshi and Akshay explain this to Dattubhai when questioned.
Cast.
Special appearances as themselves;
Production.
Sachin Yardi, who previously worked as a screenwriter for films such as "Kyaa Kool Hai Hum" (2005) and "Traffic Signal" (2007), got an idea for a story which dealt with ordinary men placed in extraordinary situations. He worked on the script for six months and invested much time on the character sketches. Speaking about his directorial debut, Yardi felt direction to be a satisfying experience and helped him have control over his script. After filming, he felt that the film was executed in the way he wanted it and was quite confident about the way it shaped up.
Until this film, Raima Sen appeared in supporting roles in several films such as "Chokher Bali" (2003), "Parineeta" (2005), and "Honeymoon Travels Pvt. Ltd." (2007). This was the first time in her commercial movie career that she portrayed a lead character's role. Quite unlike her real life love for food, Sen portrays a role of a dietitian. Tusshar Kapoor, the sibling brother of producer Ekta Kapoor, loved to work in the film due to his sister's conviction to the film.

</doc>
<doc id="18964319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964319" title="Tucker decomposition">
Tucker decomposition

In mathematics, Tucker decomposition decomposes a tensor into a set of matrices and one small core tensor. It is named after Ledyard R. Tucker
although it goes back to Hitchcock in 1927.
Initially described as a three-mode extension of factor analysis and principal component analysis it may actually be generalized to higher mode analysis.
It may be regarded as a more flexible PARAFAC (parallel factor analysis ) model. In PARAFAC the core tensor is restricted to be "diagonal".

</doc>
<doc id="18964328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964328" title="Jezik">
Jezik

Jezik (lit. "Language") is a Croatian literary magazine published by the Croatian Philological Society since 1952. Its editors-in-chief have included Ljudevit Jonke and Stjepan Babić.
The magazine is known for its annual Dr. Ivan Šreter Award for the best neologism.

</doc>
<doc id="18964339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964339" title="Naho Emoto">
Naho Emoto


</doc>
<doc id="18964348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964348" title="Shimamura">
Shimamura

Shimamura is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18964357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964357" title="List of counts of Tonnerre">
List of counts of Tonnerre

This page is a list of the counts of Tonnerre.
County of Tonnerre.
Their county (Latin - "pagus Tornodorensis") was east of Auxerre and south of Troyes, centred on the town of Tonnerre in the Yonne region of France. It was set up in the 8th century as a fiefdom of the bishops of Langres, and first became centred on Tonnerre in the 9th century. Through marriage the family also gained the county of Bar, although the Tonnerre family then became extinct two generations later, with Bar-sur-Seine passing to the counts of Brienne and the county of Tonnerre passing to the dukes of Nevers and Auxerre.
After that Tonnerre, Nevers and Auxerre came back together at the division of 1273, but they soon became Tonnerre and Auxerre again, and remained so until John IV of Chalon sold Auxerre to the king of France in 1370 and restricted himself to Tonnerre. His grandson Louis II of Chalon got into a dispute with John the Fearless due to the kidnapping of Jeanne de Perellos, a lady of the Burgundian court, and opposed him politically - he thus had Tonnerre confiscated from him in 1414. Philip the Good handed the county to Arthur de Richemont, who later became constable of France (known as Constable of Richemont) and duke of Britanny (1457–1458) to its brother-in-law. However, it was returned to the previous Tonnerre family by the Treaty of Arras but the last male member of that family had died in the meantime and it passed to a sister of the last count by his marriage with Olivier de Husson.

</doc>
<doc id="18964362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964362" title="1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Women's 200 metre butterfly">
1993 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) – Women's 200 metre butterfly

These are the official results of the Women's 200 metres Butterfly event at the 1993 FINA Short Course World Championships held in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18964377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964377" title="The New York Times Upfront">
The New York Times Upfront

The New York Times Upfront is a newsmagazine for high school students, published by Scholastic Inc. with articles and other content provided by reporters from The New York Times. 
More than 15,000 Social Studies and English/Language Arts teachers nationwide subscribe to "Upfront" for their students. The magazine is designed to augment the curricula of a course by bringing current events into a classrooms. The magazine is also intended to boost high school students’ non-fiction reading skills. Published 14 times during the school year, "Upfront" has a circulation of approximately 325,000, up 25% in the last three years, with a readership of over 900,000 high school students, since teachers generally use the magazine with more than one class, and often share the magazine with other teachers. 
"Upfront" is edited for a high school audience, with articles of interest to teenagers that explain how news events relate to them and their futures. Although "Upfront" is targeted at a high school audience some teachers use it for a younger, gifted audience.
Online edition.
Upfront recently launched a digital edition, and provides a suite of digital learning tools on its website for teachers and students, including a series of video time lines.
History.
"The New York Times Upfront" was first published in 1999, but traces its roots back to Scholastic's early days. "Scholastic Senior" was the company's original newsmagazine for high school students. Its name was later changed to "Update". 
In 1999, Scholastic partnered with The New York Times, and "Update" became "The New York Times Upfront". The idea was to combine the New York Times journalistic resources and the reporting from its news bureaus around the world with Scholastic’s ability to create magazines that meet the curricular needs of high school students and their teachers. For The New York Times, Upfront is also a way to introduce its brand and its journalism to a new generation of readers, complementing the Times’s web site, and its other education efforts.
Magazine sections.
Every issue of "Upfront" covers both domestic and international news. The topics frequently covered in the magazine are:
Awards and recognition.
In 2008, "The New York Times Upfront" was recognized for its excellence by the Association of Educational Publishers. It won the following Distinguished Achievement Awards:

</doc>
<doc id="18964404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964404" title="Raggatronic">
Raggatronic

Raggatronic is the debut album of dance music group Enur. According to their MySpace, the album features reggae vocalists Natasja and Natalie Storm, Majid, Beenie Man, Chopper City Boyz, Nicki Minaj, Michael Rune and Strange Boy.
The album is a result of the release of the single first single "Calabria 2008". Johannes Torpe got permission to remix Rune RK's 2003 instrumental hit song "Calabria". The remix received an overwhelming amount of attention and peaked at #9 in France, #3 in Canada, 3# in Portugal, and #17 in the U.S. and appeared in a commercial for the U.S. mass merchandise retailer Target. The brothers decided to create an album that initially is only distributed in the U.S. and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18964411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964411" title="George Deem">
George Deem

George Charles Deem Jr. (August 18, 1932 – 11 August 2008) was an American artist best known for reproducing famous works with deliberate alterations.
Life and career.
Deem was born in Vincennes, Indiana. He left his parents' farm to attend School of the Art Institute of Chicago. A year later, in 1953, the United States Army drafted him. After serving in Germany, he returned and completed his degree.
Among the artists whose work he reproduced were Caravaggio, Jean-Baptiste-Siméon Chardin, Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres, Winslow Homer, Andrea Mantegna, Henri Matisse, Pablo Picasso and, especially, Johannes Vermeer, about whose style he wrote a book. 
Deem died of lung cancer in Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="18964422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964422" title="Cephenemyiini">
Cephenemyiini

Cephenemyiini is a tribe within the family Oestridae which includes large flies, parasitic on deer and related ungulates.

</doc>
<doc id="18964459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964459" title="Matsuno">
Matsuno

Matsuno (written: 松野 lit. "pine field") is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
People:

</doc>
<doc id="18964460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964460" title="University of the Republic of San Marino">
University of the Republic of San Marino

The University of the Republic of San Marino (in Italian: "Università degli Studi di San Marino") is a university based in Montegiardino in the Republic of San Marino. It was created in 1985.
It has 6 departments:
Its library has more than 30,000 books.

</doc>
<doc id="18964463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964463" title="Jackie Warner (baseball)">
Jackie Warner (baseball)

John Joseph "Jackie" Warner (born August 1, 1943 in Monrovia, California) is former Major League Baseball player. Warner played for the California Angels in the 1966 season as a Right Fielder. He played in 45 games in his one year career. Warner had a .211 batting average, with 26 hits in 123 at-bats. 
In 1967, Warner was traded to the Kansas City Athletics with Jack Sanford for Roger Repoz, but never played in a game for them.

</doc>
<doc id="18964474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964474" title="Tony Hawk's Motion">
Tony Hawk's Motion

"Tony Hawk's Motion" is a 2008 video game in the "Tony Hawk's" series of video games, for handheld consoles released for the Nintendo DS.
Gameplay.
The game uses a motion-sensing peripheral called the "Motion Pack", which is inserted into the Game Boy Advance game slot as the method of control. As well as skateboarding, the game also offers snowboarding.
This game only works for the first two versions of the Nintendo DS System, the Original DS and the Nintendo DS Lite. It will not work on Nintendo DSi or any later versions, because the game requires the use of the Game Slot 2 (Game Boy Advance slot), which is not included on the newer consoles.
Reception.
Reviews were generally negative towards the game, with many critics complaining about the unresponsive controls from the Motion Pack and the fact that the game is basically "bare bones", offering little content. As of August 29. 2009, "Tony Hawk's Motion" holds an average score of 39 on Metacritic, based on 11 reviews, with the highest score being 67/100, and the lowest being 20/100.

</doc>
<doc id="18964479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964479" title="Jaroslav Tůma">
Jaroslav Tůma

Jaroslav Tůma (born 1956, in Prague, Czech republic) is a Czech Organist.
This organist, clavichord, harpsichordist and pianoforte player graduated from the Prague Conservatory and from the Faculty of Music of the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague (Milan Šlechta organ, and Zuzana Růžičková harpsichord). He won first prizes in organ improvisation competitions in Nuremberg in 1980 and in the Dutch city of Haarlem in 1986. He is also the laureate of a number of organ interpretation competitions, 1978 Linz, 1979 the Prague Spring competition and 1980 the Leipzig Bach competition. Through 1990 - 1993, he performed the complete works of Johann Sebastian Bach. He records for Czech radio, Czech television, and numerous recording companies. His discography includes more than twenty solo recordings. He has collaborated with Giedré Lukšaité-Mrázková, Irena Troupová, Barocco sempre giovane, Bohuslav Matoušek etc. 
He is Professor of the Faculty of Music of the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague (his students: Petr Rajnoha, Pavel Kohout, Pavel Černý, Pavel Svoboda, Drahoslav Gric etc.) and is often invited to sit on juries of international organ or harpsichord competitions, e.g. the International Competition of the Prague Spring Festival, Petr Eben International Organ Competition in Opava, Internationale Orgelwoche in Nuremberg, Internationaal Orgelimprovisatieconcours in the Dutch city of Haarlem, and the Georg Muffat Competition in Schlägel in Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="18964485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964485" title="Pressure-retarded osmosis">
Pressure-retarded osmosis

Pressure retarded osmosis (PRO) is the salinity gradient energy retrieved from the difference in the salt concentration between seawater and river water.
In PRO, the water potential between fresh water and sea water corresponds to a pressure of 26 bars. This pressure is equivalent to a column of water (hydraulic head) 270 meters high.
However, the optimal working pressure is only half of this, 11 to 15 bar.
Testing.
The world's first osmotic plant with capacity of 4 kW was opened by Statkraft on 24 November 2009 in Tofte, Norway.
It is estimated that each year 1600 TWh could be generated world wide, and 12 TWh in Norway, sufficient to meet 10% of Norway's total demand for electricity.

</doc>
<doc id="18964496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964496" title="Francis Paget">
Francis Paget

The Right Reverend Francis Paget, DD (20 March 1851 – 2 August 1911) was an English theologian, author and the 33rd Bishop of Oxford.
Life.
He was the second son of the noted surgeon Sir James Paget, 1st Baronet, and brother of Luke Paget, Bishop of Chester.
He was educated at St Marylebone Grammar School,
Shrewsbury and Christ Church, Oxford. Ordained priest he became preacher at Whitehall in 1882 and Vicar of Bromsgrove in 1885. An eminent scholar, he was subsequently Regius Professor of Pastoral Theology at the University of Oxford and Dean at his old college.
After the death of the Right Reverend William Stubbs in April 1901, Paget was recommended to succeed him as Bishop of Oxford. He was elected bishop the following month, and consecrated by the Archbishop of Canterbury in St. Paul´s Cathedral 29 June 1901. A couple of days later he was received by King Edward VII and invested as Chancellor of the Order of the Garter, an office held by the Bishop of Oxford between 1837 and 1937.
Paget served as bishop until his death in 1911.
Paget's son Sir Bernard Paget was a General in the Army, and another son, Edward Paget, was the first Anglican Archbishop of Central Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18964516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964516" title="Tze-Chiang Limited Express">
Tze-Chiang Limited Express

The Tze-Chiang Limited Express (), also spelled Tzu-Chiang Limited Express or Ziqiang Limited Express, is a class of express train service operated by the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) in Taiwan. Of the 5 service classes operated by the TRA, the Tze-Chiang trains is the fastest category. Ticketing is done on the basis of mileage (NT$2.27 per km with a 10 km minimum fee). This service is operated with 7 different trainsets: the E1000 series push-pull train, the EMU1200 (electric multiple unit), EMU300 (also an EMU), TEMU1000 ("Taroko Express"), DR2800 (diesel multiple unit), DR3100 (also a DMU), and the TEMU2000 ("Puyuma Express"). The now-retired EMU100 was the first trainset built for this service, which was used for 30 years, terminating ordinary runs at June 15, 2009.
The "Tze-Chiang Limited Express" is the Taiwan Railway Administration's highest class of deluxe express passenger train, and is also the class of service with the highest ticket price per mile.
The "Tzu-Chiang Limited Express" was named because Chiang Kai-Shek, then the President of the Republic of China (Taiwan) issued a speech "To all of this nation's military and civilian compatriots" on 26 October 1971 in response to United Nations Resolution 2758, in which he urged the country to "Respect the Homeland, Strengthen Self (Tzu-Chiang); Respond to Change without Fear." U.N. Resolution 2758 formally recognized Beijing as the government of mainland China and de-recognized Taipei, at the same time revoking Taipei's U.N. membership. For this reason, the "Tzu-Chiang" is also sometimes referred to as the "Self-Strengthening Express".
Introduction.
Taiwan Railways' West Coast Mainline (WCML) Electrification Project was completed in 1978, leading wholesale timetable recast on the WCML. At about the same time, the new EMU100 vehicles ordered for express passenger service on the WCML was introduced. Up until this point, the highest-class passenger train on the WCML had been the diesel and electric locomotive hauled "Kwan-Kung (Tourist) Express", which was phased out of service on 25 April 1978. All express passenger schedules were re-allocated to a new class of deluxe electric express service, and the "Chu-Kuang Express" (introduced earlier in 1970).
The EMU100 "electric express" was formally introduced on 15 August 1978 at a fare of NT$1.32 per kilometer. The first services operated between Taipei and Taichung (via Coast Line), and as electric catenaries were erected, switched to operating via Mountain Line. As the service was extended to Chiayi and Tainan, the service was formally christened "Tze-Chiang Limited Express". As electrification progressed, the service was eventually extended to between Keelung and Kaohsiung.
After 1980, other equipment was introduced and assigned to "Tze-Chiang" service, including EMU200, EMU300, E1000 Push-Pull, TEMU1000 tilting train on electrified lines, and DR2800, DR2900, and DR3000 on non-electrified lines. From 6 July 1991 through 31 March 1992, TRA piloted business class service on selected departures. However, due to low ticket sales, the experiment was terminated. In 2010, TRA redesignated certain former business class coaches (BCK) on the "Chu-Kuang" Express as "Tzu-Chiang".
As of 2013, the next generation of tilting trains, designated the TEMU2000 series, has been introduced into commercial service. They are intended to replace the DR2800, DR2900, and DR3000 series of DMUs as the Eastern Line's electrification completes.
History.
First Generation Tzu-Chiang (EMU100).
In the early 1970s, the West Coast Mainline Electrification Scheme was already planned. Taiwan Railways had ordered 94 electric locomotives, and also 13 sets of five-car electric multiple units (total 65 vehicles) from England's General Electric Company (GEC). Identified as the Taiwan Railways EMU100 series, the set included driving power coach 50EP100, motor coach 55EM100, two trailers 40ET100, and driving trailer 40ED100.
GEC and Union Carriage & Wagon were awarded the design-build contract, and the sets were assembled at York in 1976. Throughout 1978 the sets were delivered to Taiwan for testing and acceptance.
Although full service was inaugurated on 15 August 1978, within a month the EMU100 units had been temporarily sidelined due to air conditioning trouble and various component issues. The 50-ton motor power coach (50EP100), which contained the 25kV AC main transformer, was too heavy and caused bogie suspension stress issues, and was a safety concern when operating at high speeds. After four month of intensive troubleshooting involving TRA Mechanical section and the original equipment manufacturers, the vehicles were re-launched on 2 January 1979 in revenue passenger service. It was not until 1 July 1979, when the West Coast Mainline Electrification Project had reached substantial completion throughout its entire project length, had Tzu-Chiang been able to reach its full potential of operating at 120 km/h. Taking 4 hours and 10 minutes between Taipei and Kaohsiung, the EMU100 broke prior service speed records set by the "White Steel Train" DR2700 diesel multiple unit operating as the Kuang-Hwa Express, and became TRA's newest-generation premier express.
Second Generation Tzu-Chiang (EMU200).
In the mid-1980s, Taiwan experienced significant economic growth and increased living standards. As people became more affluent, the Tzu-Chiang train was no longer considered a privilege of the elite. The EMU100 often operated at full capacity, in sold out conditions. TRA thus planned to purchase a second-generation of Tzu-Chiang EMUs, to improve service frequency and relieve congestion. In the Budget Year 1984-85, funds were made available to order 11 sets of three-car EMU200 units from Union Carriage & Wagon works of South Africa.
This order of Tzu-Chiang EMUs were configured in three car sets, including driving motor coach (with conductor's or guard's office) 55EMC200, transformer power 45EP200, and driving motor coach 55EM200. The new EMUs were delivered in 1986, with eight sets delivered assembled, but three sets delivered as kits and assembled locally by Tang Eng Iron Works Co. Ltd. as a technology-transfer program. Most had been accepted into service by June 1987.
Tzu-Chiang's SOCIMI Complications (EMU300).
During the 1985 bidding for EMU200, due to various procurement irregularities, the Italian SOCIMI carbuilder protested the award. TRA chose to use funds from Budget Year 1986 and place a further order for EMU300 with SOCIMI even before all EMU200 sets were accepted for service. The further order was intended for extra capacity relief. The carbody was built by SOCIMI in Milan, Italy, whereas the British firm of Brush Traction in Loughborough supplied electrical equipment. Based on the TRA Four Year Car Equipment Strategy, the EMU300 was considered a "complication" (節外生枝).
Tzu-Chiang EMU300 was a fleet of eight sets (24 cars), including driving motor coach (with guard's office) 50EMC300, transformer power coach 45EP300, and driving motor coach 50EM300. During 1988, most of the carbody and electrical equipment were completed and shipped to Taiwan for testing. However, after delivering the last set of the order (EMU308), SOCIMI unexpected declared bankruptcy and ceased operations. This resulted in an immediate parts shortage, therefore almost as soon as delivered, EMU308 was sacrificed to provide parts (termed a 'Christmas Tree').
Despite these issues, the TRA had high expectation for the EMU300, due to its 130 km/h service capability. During the 2 September 1989 schedule revision, the EMU300 was assigned to direct and semi-direct Tzu-Chiang Express, stopping at fewer stations than regular Tzu-Chiang. Train No. 1019 was scheduled for 3 hours and 47 minutes between Taipei and Kaohsiung (via Coast Line), breaking the previous speed record set by the EMU100. Amongst railfans, the EMU300 became something of an urban legend, often unofficially called Tzu-Chiang Super Express or Tzu-Chiang Tokkyu. Even after the introduction of the much more powerful E1000 Push-Pull trainset, EMU1200 (a direct successor to the EMU200 and EMU300 series, designed to surpass them in every way), and TEMU series of tilting trains, this speed record remained unbroken.
Fleet Expansion (E1000).
In 1996, as part of a massive modernization program, TRA placed an order for 64 electric locomotives from Union Carriage & Wagon and 384 passenger cars from Hyundai Rotem to expand the service. Rated at 6600 hp apiece, the E1000 was and still is TRA's most powerful locomotive. The units were arranged into trainsets of fourteen units, with two locomotives bracketing 12 coaches. As part of TRA's attempt to attract riders in 2002, 32 restaurant cars were ordered to supplement the trainsets. However, with the elimination of dining service, these were converted to baggage cars. With the withdrawal of the EMU100 series from regular service and the EMU200 and EMU300 series due to follow shortly, the E1000 has established itself as the backbone of TRA's long-distance fleet, though it has found its role undermined by delivery of the TEMU lineup.
Allegedly, TRA encountered legal troubles with Hyundai-Rotem during the delivery of the cars, as the order had been placed with Daewoo shortly before the company merged with the Hyundai-Rotem. The latter disagreed with the terms of the contract, and a lawsuit was filed by TRA. However, the suit was settled out-of-court, with Rotem given the go-ahead to finish TRA's massive order of EMU500-series commuter trains from Daewoo, while TRA was given the option to purchase new EMU600 series trains and received its E1000 cars under the original contract.
Tilting Trains (TEMU100 and TEMU2000).
In 2006, TRA took delivery of its first tilting trains, the TEMU1000, a series based on the JR 885 series. With a maximum operational speed of 130 kph and the ability to round curves 25 kph faster than the TRA's other trains, the TEMU1000s were ideal for services on the Yilan Line, with its many curves. Though initially christened under the banner of "Taroko Express", the trains were soon relegated to regular Tze-Chiang service-level, the only difference between them and other trains being their routes: between Taipei/Hsinchu/Shulin and Hualien and Kaohsiung and Changhua, though some have been seen on longer-distance runs from Kaohsiung to Hualien now that the EMU200 and EMU300 series trains are being withdrawn.
Impressed with the TEMU1000 series, TRA placed an order for 34 second-generation TEMU2000 series trainsets in 2010, with deliveries beginning in 2012. The TEMU2000 is based loosely off of the N700 Shinkansen, however it is for the most part an independent design. The TEMU2000 entered commercial service on 6 February 2013. They have supplemented also supplemented the E1000 series and their older cousins in long-distance service. Similarly to the TEMU1000, the trainsets are dubbed "Puyuma Express", though, like the "Taroko" title the TEMU1000s bear, it does not have any practical meaning.
Naming.
Taiwan Railways in 1976 chose the name Tzu-Chiang through the use of a riders' panel, based on forty internally-selected names given in interviews of over 3,000 randomly selected riders, tallied and reported to the provincial government for final decision. These internally-selected names included Kai-Shek (Chung-Cheng), President (Zong Tong), Fearless (Wu De), Humble (Ji Che), Divine State (Shen Ju), Counterattack (Fan Gong, a reference to the national desire to take military action against Mainland China at that time), East China Sea (Tong Hi), Safety (Ping An), Etiquette (Lee Yee), Human Rights (Ren Chen), Victory (Sheng Li), Freedom (Zee Yu), Complexity of God (Fu Shen), Practical (Tah She), Four Virtues (Sss Wae), etc. The statistics showed that Tzu-Chiang, Victory, and Freedom were the top choices gathering 33% of votes each. TRA reported this finding to Provincial government, and the provincial chairman Hsieh Tung-Min at the time chose the name Tzu-Chiang, hoping that these cars will "Respect the Homeland, Strengthen Self (Tzu-Chiang); Respond to Change without Fear" (莊敬自強，處變不驚), and can Self-Strengthen Without Rest (自強不息).
Taiwan Railway printed various Edmondson tickets during the early days of Tzu-Chiang operations. Some tickets were printed in a landscape form factor (rather than the usual portrait), and are termed 'Wide Tze Chiang' by ticket collecting enthusiasts.
Operations.
Although different equipment is used to fulfill express schedules, the same fare is charged for the service. Based on 2008 fare tariff, the per-mile fare basis was NT$2.27 per kilometer. Taipei (via West Coast Mainline) to Kaohsiung is NT$ 845; to Pingtung is NT$ 893; (via East Coast Mainline) to Hwalien is NT$ 441, and (via diesel DMU service) to Taitung is NT$786.
Although Tzu-Chiang is formally classified as a long distance train, the TRA also sells short-distance unreserved tickets, and contactless fare media is also accepted, therefore many Taiwanese passengers use it as a commuter train.
Tzu-Chiang has very few stops, and station dwell time is a small portion of the total trip time, and therefore is preferred by many passengers. Although it is not a commuter train, the annual passenger count on Tzu-Chiang consists of 20% of Taiwan Railways’ total ridership. Below is a sample of running times based on the 23 December 2010 schedule:

</doc>
<doc id="18964533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964533" title="Miharu">
Miharu

Miharu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18964552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964552" title="Sumpter Township">
Sumpter Township

Sumpter Township may refer to several places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="18964562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964562" title="Gavin Woods (politician)">
Gavin Woods (politician)

The Hon Dr. Gavin Woods (born 1947 in Durban, South Africa) is the former chairman of the standing committee on public accounts (Scopa) and a former member of the Inkatha Freedom Party. He became a member of parliament in 1994 and joined Nadeco in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18964563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964563" title="William L. Ewing">
William L. Ewing

William L. Ewing (March 16, 1843June 4, 1905) was the twenty-fifth mayor of St. Louis, Missouri, serving from 1881 to 1885. Ewing helped organize the State National Bank in 1885 and was a member of its board of directors. During his administration the cable car was introduced to the city, 12 miles of business streets were paved, and the St. Louis Exposition and Music Hall was constructed (1884).
He graduated from Christian Brothers College and became a clerk in his father's wholesale grocery business.

</doc>
<doc id="18964568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964568" title="Epipole of Carystus">
Epipole of Carystus

In Greek mythology, Epipole was a daughter of Trachion, of Carystus in Euboea. In the disguise of a man she went with the Greeks against Troy. But when Palamedes discovered her sex, she was stoned to death by the Greek army.

</doc>
<doc id="18964589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964589" title="List of the richest royals">
List of the richest royals

This is a list of the richest royals by their personal net worth, excluding properties held by the state, government or Crown, and is listed in U.S. dollars for simple comparison purposes. Source from Forbes: The World's Richest Royals 2010 and 2011 editions. 

</doc>
<doc id="18964594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964594" title="Zé Beto">
Zé Beto

José Alberto Teixeira Ferreirinha, aka Zé Beto (21 February 1960 – 10 August 1990), was a Portuguese footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
He played almost his entire career at F.C. Porto, his life being cut short at just 30 in a road accident.
Club career.
Born in Matosinhos, Zé Beto arrived at Futebol Clube do Porto at the age of 18, making his first division debuts in the following year, with S.C. Beira-Mar, loaned. After three more seasons as a backup, he was made first-choice for the 1983–84 campaign.
Zé Beto was the starter when Porto lost 1–2 against Juventus F.C. in the 1983–84 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup final, in controversial manner: losing his temper, the player assaulted the assistant referee with his own flag, being suspended by UEFA for a period of two years. 
For the following seasons, Zé Beto kept an interesting battle for first-choice status with Pole Józef Młynarczyk (signed in January 1986), eventually losing his position, and being further demoted after the emergence of 18-year-old Vítor Baía. He was on the substitutes bench for the northerners' wins in both the European Cup and Intercontinental Cup, in 1987. 
Zé Beto died at the age of only 30, in a car crash in Porto.
International career.
After the defection of practically all of the Portuguese national team following the Saltillo Affair at the 1986 FIFA World Cup, Zé Beto gained three international caps during the rest of that year and the following. He made his debut on 12 October 1986 in a 1–1 home draw against Sweden for the UEFA Euro 1988 qualifiers. 
Previously, Zé Beto played in three out of four games at the 1979 FIFA World Youth Championship in Japan, as the U20's reached the last-eight.

</doc>
<doc id="18964603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964603" title="Bioreporter">
Bioreporter

Bioreporters are intact, living microbial cells that have been genetically engineered to produce a measurable signal in response to a specific chemical or physical agent in their environment. Bioreporters contain two essential genetic elements, a promoter gene and a reporter gene. The promoter gene is turned on (transcribed) when the target agent is present in the cell’s environment. The promoter gene in a normal bacterial cell is linked to other genes that are then likewise transcribed and then translated into proteins that help the cell in either combating or adapting to the agent to which it has been exposed. In the case of a bioreporter, these genes, or portions thereof, have been removed and replaced with a reporter gene. Consequently, turning on the promoter gene now causes the reporter gene to be turned on. Activation of the reporter gene leads to production of reporter proteins that ultimately generate some type of a detectable signal. Therefore, the presence of a signal indicates that the bioreporter has sensed a particular target agent in its environment.
Originally developed for fundamental analysis of factors affecting gene expression, bioreporters were early on applied for the detection of environmental contaminants and have since evolved into fields as diverse as medical diagnostics, precision agriculture, food safety assurance, process monitoring and control, and bio-microelectronic computing. Their versatility stems from the fact that there exist a large number of reporter gene systems that are capable of generating a variety of signals. Additionally, reporter genes can be genetically inserted into bacterial, yeast, plant, and mammalian cells, thereby providing considerable functionality over a wide range of host vectors.
Reporter gene systems.
Several types of reporter genes are available for use in the construction of bioreporter organisms, and the signals they generate can usually be categorized as either colorimetric, fluorescent, luminescent, chemiluminescent or electrochemical. Although each functions differently, their end product always remains the same – a measurable signal that is proportional to the concentration of the unique chemical or physical agent to which they have been exposed. In some instances, the signal only occurs when a secondary substrate is added to the bioassay ("luxAB", Luc, and aequorin). For other bioreporters, the signal must be activated by an external light source (GFP and UMT), and for a select few bioreporters, the signal is completely self-induced, with no exogenous substrate or external activation being required ("luxCDABE"). The following sections outline in brief some of the reporter gene systems available and their existing applications.
Bacterial luciferase (Lux).
Luciferase is a generic name for an enzyme that catalyzes a light-emitting reaction. Luciferases can be found in bacteria, algae, fungi, jellyfish, insects, shrimp, and squid, and the resulting light that these organisms produce is termed bioluminescence. In bacteria, the genes responsible for the light-emitting reaction (the "lux" genes) have been isolated and used extensively in the construction of bioreporters that emit a blue-green light with a maximum intensity at 490 nm. Three variants of "lux" are available, one that functions at < 30°C, another at < 37°C, and a third at < 45°C. The "lux" genetic system consists of five genes, "luxA", "luxB", "luxC", "luxD", and "luxE". Depending on the combination of these genes used, several different types of bioluminescent bioreporters can be constructed.
"luxAB" Bioreporters.
"luxAB" bioreporters contain only the "luxA" and "luxB" genes, which together are responsible for generating the light signal. However, to fully complete the light-emitting reaction, a substrate must be supplied to the cell. Typically, this occurs through the addition of the chemical decanal at some point during the bioassay procedure. Numerous "luxAB" bioreporters have been constructed within bacterial, yeast, insect, nematode, plant, and mammalian cell systems.
"luxCDABE" Bioreporters.
Instead of containing only the "luxA" and "luxB" genes, bioreporters can contain all five genes of the "lux" cassette, thereby allowing for a completely independent light generating system that requires no extraneous additions of substrate nor any excitation by an external light source. So in this bioassay, the bioreporter is simply exposed to a target analyte and a quantitative increase in bioluminescence results, often within less than one hour. Due to their rapidity and ease of use, along with the ability to perform the bioassay repetitively in real time and on-line, makes "luxCDABE" bioreporters extremely attractive. Consequently, they have been incorporated into a diverse array of detection methodologies ranging from the sensing of environmental contaminants to the real-time monitoring of pathogen infections in living mice.
Nonspecific "lux" Bioreporters.
Nonspecific "lux" bioreporters are typically used for the detection of chemical toxins. They are usually designed to continuously bioluminesce. Upon exposure to a chemical toxin, either the cell dies or its metabolic activity is retarded, leading to a decrease in bioluminescent light levels. Their most familiar application is in the Microtox [http://www.modernwater.co.uk/monitoring/toxicity/] assay where, following a short exposure to several concentrations of the sample, the decreased bioluminescence can be correlated to relative levels of toxicity.
Firefly luciferase (Luc).
Firefly luciferase catalyzes a reaction that produces visible light in the 550 – 575 nm range. A click-beetle luciferase is also available that produces light at a peak closer to 595 nm. Both luciferases require the addition of an exogenous substrate (luciferin) for the light reaction to occur. Numerous "luc"-based bioreporters have been constructed for the detection of a wide array of inorganic and organic compounds of environmental concern. Their most promising application, however, probably lies within the field of medical diagnostics. Insertion of the "luc" genes into a human cervical carcinoma cell line (HeLa) illustrated that tumor-cell clearance could be visualized within a living mouse by simply scanning with a charge-coupled device camera, allowing for chemotherapy treatment to rapidly be monitored on-line and in real-time. In another example, the "luc" genes were inserted into human breast cancer cell lines to develop a bioassay for the detection and measurement of substances with potential estrogenic and antiestrogenic activity.
Aequorin.
Aequorin is a photoprotein isolated from the bioluminescent jellyfish "Aequorea victoria". Upon addition of calcium ions (Ca2+) and coelenterazine, a reaction occurs whose end result is the generation of blue light in the 460 - 470 nm range. Aequorin has been incorporated into human B cell lines for the detection of pathogenic bacteria and viruses in what is referred to as the CANARY assay (Cellular Analysis and Notification of Antigen Risks and Yields). The B cells are genetically engineered to produce aequorin. Upon exposure to antigens of different pathogens, the recombinant B cells emit light as a result of activation of an intracellular signaling cascade that releases calcium ions inside the cell.
Green fluorescent protein (GFP).
Green fluorescent protein (GFP) is also a photoprotein isolated and cloned from the jellyfish "Aequorea victoria". Variants have also been isolated from the sea pansy "Renilla reniformis". GFP, like aequorin, produces a blue fluorescent signal, but without the required addition of an exogenous substrate. All that is required is an ultraviolet light source to activate the fluorescent properties of the photoprotein. This ability to autofluoresce makes GFP highly desirable in biosensing assays since it can be used on-line and in to monitor intact, living cells. Additionally, the ability to alter GFP to produce light emissions besides blue (i.e., cyan, red, and yellow) allows it to be used as a multianalyte detector. Consequently, GFP has been used extensively in bioreporter constructs within bacterial, yeast, nematode, plant, and mammalian hosts.
Uroporphyrinogen (urogen) III methyltransferase (UMT).
Uroporphyrinogen (urogen) III methyltransferase (UMT) catalyzes a reaction that yields two fluorescent products which produce a red-orange fluorescence in the 590 - 770 nm range when illuminated with ultraviolet light. So as with GFP, no addition of exogenous substrates is required. UMT has been used as a bioreporter for the selection of recombinant plasmids, as a marker for gene transcription in bacterial, yeast, and mammalian cells, and for the detection of toxic salts such as arsenite and antimonite.

</doc>
