<doc id="18855713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855713" title="Nelson Hairston">
Nelson Hairston

Nelson Hairston Sr. (16 October 1917 – 31 July 2008) was a preeminent ecologist of the 20th century. Hairston is well known for his work in ecology and human disease. In the field of ecology he is famous for championing the idea of the trophic cascade, on which he published the provocative “Green World Hypothesis” with colleagues Frederick E. Smith and Lawrence B. Slobodkin. Nelson was also deeply interested in the factors that control human disease and was an adviser to the World Health Organization for many years.
Early life.
Nelson was born on October 16, 1917 in the Cooleemee area of Davie County, North Carolina. He was the second of two boys to Margaret George Hairston (1884-1963) and Peter Hairston (1841-1975). The Hairstons owned plantations all around Henry County, Virginia, Pittsylvania County, Virginia, North Carolina, and Lowndes County, Mississippi. He was born on the Cooleemee Plantation, which was built by his grandfather, Peter Wilson Hairston (1819-1886).
Early career.
Nelson was interested in ecology from an early age. He graduated from the department of Zoology at the University of North Carolina with both a BS and MS. Hairston continued his studies at Northwestern University under the supervision of Dr. Orlando Park. His PhD was interrupted by War World II, where he served his country by helping treat and prevent the transmission of malaria in the South Pacific. After the war, Nelson returned to his PhD, which was on the distribution of salamanders in Appalachia. These early experiences with studying the ecology of salamanders and the treatment of disease began his lifelong interest in the ecology and prevention of disease.
Academic work.
Professor of Zoology.
Hairston spent most of his career (27 years) as a professor of Zoology at the University of Michigan and director of their Museum of Zoology. During this time Nelson helped to make the University of Michigan one of the United States preeminent graduate programs in ecology. Afterwards he spent 12 years as a professor at the University of North Carolina as a Kenan Professor of Biology. Throughout Hairston’s career, he focused most of his work on the role trophic interactions, such as the trophic cascade, has on determining the species composition of communities of co-existing organisms.
Adviser to the UN’s World Health Organization.
Hairston’s work on human disease was equally controversial. Nelson, along with a handful of other colleagues, championed the idea that disease was an ecological problem that could be solved by understanding the ecology of germs and how we interact with our ecosystems. This once controversial view is now well accepted by epidemiologists and others in the health profession. Hairston’s views on disease treatment and management were applied through the UN’s World Health Organization, where he served as an adviser on schistosomiasis in countries throughout Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the South Pacific.
Retirement.
Hairston retired at the age of 69. Despite retiring, Hairston remained an active and engaged scientist. Post retirement he published three books, including, “Ecological Experiments”, which was translated into several different languages. During this time Hairston was also nominated to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and was given the Eminent Ecologist Award by the Ecological Society of America.
His son Nelson Hairston Jr is professor of Environmental Science at Cornell University.

</doc>
<doc id="18855722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855722" title="Climate of Gibraltar">
Climate of Gibraltar

The climate of Gibraltar is Mediterranean/Subtropical with mild winters and warm summers. There are two main prevailing winds, an easterly one known as the "Levante" coming from the Sahara in Africa which brings humid weather and warmer sea currents and the other as "Poniente" which is westerly and brings fresher air and colder sea. Its terrain consists of the high Rock of Gibraltar and the narrow coastal lowland surrounding it. Rain occurs mainly in winter, the summers are generally dry.
Average morning relative humidity: 82%, evening relative humidity: 64%. Sunshine hours is till 2,778 per year, from 150 in November (5 hours of sunshine every day) to 341 in July (11 hours of sunshine every day).
Temperature.
Its average annual temperature is : during the day and at night. In the coldest month - January, the typically temperature ranges from during the day and at night (sometimes above and below these temperatures), the average sea temperature is . In the warmest month - August, the typically temperature ranges from during the day, above at night, the average sea temperature is . Average number of days above is 181, average number of days above is 5-6 (2 in July, 3 in August). 

</doc>
<doc id="18855726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855726" title="Climate of Ghana">
Climate of Ghana

The climate of Ghana is tropical. The eastern coastal belt is warm and comparatively dry, the south-west corner of Ghana is hot and humid, and the north of Ghana is hot and dry. Ghana is located on the Gulf of Guinea, only a few degrees north of the Equator, giving it a warm climate.
Climatology.
The climate of Ghana is tropical and there are two main seasons: the wet and the dry seasons. North Ghana experiences its rainy season from March to November while South Ghana experiences its rainy season from April to mid-November. The tropical climate of Ghana is relatively mild for its latitude. The harmattan, a dry desert wind, blows in north-east Ghana from December to March, lowering the humidity and causing hot days and cool nights in northern part of Ghana. Average temperatures range from 21°C to 28°C (70 to 82°F) with a relative humidity between 77 percent and 85 percent. In the northern part of Ghana, there are two rainy seasons: April through June and September through November. Squalls occur in the northern part of Ghana during March and April, followed by occasional rain until August and September, when the rainfall reaches its peak. Rainfall ranges from 78 to 216 centimeters (31 to 85 inches) a year.

</doc>
<doc id="18855727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855727" title="Old Dundas Road Falls">
Old Dundas Road Falls

Old Dundas Road Falls is a 24 metre high complex ribbon cascade waterfall found on private property, (private with permission to access), in Ancaster, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Directions.
From Highway 403 take the Lincoln M. Alexander Parkway exit and keep to the right to merge onto "Rousseaux Street". At the "T" intersection turn right onto Wilson Street East. Turn left onto "Montgomery Road" and turn right at the stop sign onto "Old Dundas Road". Go through the next three-way stop, "Lion's Club Road", and park on the gravel shoulder. Carefully walk back uphill to the bend on the Old Dundas Road. The waterfall is on the north-east corner of the bend.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18855739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855739" title="Habermann">
Habermann

Habermann is a surname of German origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18855750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855750" title="Ride Him, Bosko!">
Ride Him, Bosko!

Ride Him, Bosko! released in 1932, is a title in Warner Bros.' "Looney Tunes" series. It features Bosko, Warner Bros. first cartoon character and his sweetheart Honey in the Old West.
Plot.
The cartoon begins as a wolf howls from a mountain top, under a full moon. He takes a deep breath as his body inflates to accommodate extra air and releases another howl.
Next, Bosko is seen riding a horse, playing a banjo and singing the cowboy song, ""When the Bloom is on the Sage"". His horse seems unable to go over a rock along their path and Bosko is forced to climb down and push him over it before they can continue on their way.
The scene then shows the following words against a black background as the music switches to a piano rendition of ""She'll be coming round the mountain"".
Red Gulch<BR>
~ where men are men,<BR>
         nine times out of ten ~
The view is next of a road outside a saloon and shadows in the window indicate that the patrons are having a good time. A small gun chase takes place and a passer-by is whacked on the head with what looks like a bottle of beer. Next, a really tall cowboy walks down the road but has the middle of his body shot out by the patrons. This results in him being reduced to the size of a midget.
Bosko arrives and his horse collapses in a heap beside the pavement. Strolling toward the saloon on the opposite side of the road, Bosko throws open the doors and yells "Howdy" only to be greeted by a volley of gunshots. The patrons yell "Hi Bosko" in return as Bosko laughs uneasily. He then picks up his bullet ridden hat and walks inside where a three-piece band, comprising banjo, violin and piano, is playing "She'll be coming round the mountain". Bosko starts to tap dance whilst some onlookers sway to the beat.
The piano player thumps hard on the keys which makes a mug of beer fly through the air and empty the contents into his open mouth. He gulps it down and is suddenly consumed by flames that spread upwards from his feet. This results in his clothes being burnt off, exposing bloomers. He puckers a suddenly lipsticked mouth, crosses his knees in a shyly feminine fashion and walks away seductively.
Bosko steps up to the piano and starts to play, rocking his stool in tune to the music. Next, four cards are seen held in someone's hand: a King, Jack, Queen and Joker. They sing a little ditty but the person holding the cards soon shoots the Joker putting an end to their performance. Bosko is shown still playing the piano whilst the other patrons gather in a circle and start dancing.
The scene then cuts to show the following words
The Deadwood stage<BR>
         (free wheeling)<BR>
Honey (Bosko's sweetheart) is in a carriage that is hurtling down the highway with a big trunk on the roof. The ride is quite bumpy so Honey gets thrown around her seat a bit and exhorts the driver to be careful. A group of highwaymen are also on the move and one of them creep along behind a cliff to look for potential prey. He spots Honey's carriage and hastens back to his cronies who follow his lead. He then positions himself alongside the path of Honey's carriage and aims his guns. However, the carriage hurtles past at such a fast pace that the gunmen gets twisted around himself. Having unravelled he gets on his horse and gives chase along with his gang, all of them shooting non-stop. Eventually, the trunk on the roof of the carriage falls out and the clothes get out and start running away to avoid the hailstorm of bullets. A corset is seen literally 'flying' away.
Inside the carriage Honey is getting thrown about violently as the driver is flung off his perch and lands on a tall cactus. He slides down wincing as hundreds of thorns break off and lands on a skeleton of a bull. The skeleton suddenly comes to life and goes off at a gallop whilst the rider hangs on for dear life.
Back at the saloon, Bosko is still playing the piano when the driver stumbles in and relays the news. He then deflates and collapses dramatically into his pants as his hand grabs a mug of beer and pours it in after himself.
Bosko gets on his horse and gallops away to the rescue, the horse leaping noticeably effortlessly over the rocks he seemed to have trouble with earlier.
The bandits are still chasing the carriage and Honey leans out of a window and implores Bosko to save her. As Bosko continues to gallop after the run away carriage the scene pans out to show Hugh Harman, Rudolf Ising and one other person watching the cartoon and adding sound effects. They discuss how they can get Bosko to save the girl, when someone says "Let's go home". This prompts everyone to exit, leaving Bosko in the lurch.
Other.
This short includes the first ever live-action sequence in a Warner Bros. cartoon.
Although the cartoon ends with a cliffhanger, it is continued in "Bosko's Parlor Pranks" where Bosko eventually gets to rescue Honey from the crazy gunmen.

</doc>
<doc id="18855751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855751" title="Eşref Bitlis">
Eşref Bitlis

Eşref Bitlis (1933 – 17 February 1993) was a general in the Turkish Gendarmerie, who died in a mysterious plane crash. 
Background.
He was born 1933 in the eastern Anatolian city of Malatya, Turkey. He attended the Turkish Military Academy, finishing it in 1952 in the rank of a Lieutenant. In 1966, he graduated from the War Academy of the Army ().
After completing a language course in Germany, Bitlis studied further at the Academy of the Turkish Armed Forces (), graduating in 1969. Later, he was educated at the Führungsakademie der Bundeswehr, the highest military academy of the German armed forces. He graduated in Germany in 1973.
Career.
Following his graduation in Germany in 1973, Bitlis returned home and served one year as head teacher at the War Academy of the Army.
In 1978, Eşref Bitlis was promoted to Brigadier General and appointed commander of the 2nd Commando Brigade in Bolu, a mountain warfare specialized unit. After becoming a Major General in 1978, he assumed the command of the 28th Infantry Division, headquartered in the Paşaköy village of Nicosia, Cyprus. In 1986, he advanced to the rank of a Lieutenant General. Bitlis was appointed commander of the Cyprus Turkish Peace Forces. Two years later in 1990, he became an Army General and General Commander of the Turkish Gendarmerie.
General Commander of the Turkish Gendarmerie (1990 - 1993).
As General Commander of the Turkish Gendarmerie, Bitlis supported the plans of President Turgut Özal to resolve the Kurdish–Turkish conflict by peaceful means. A week before he died, Bitlis met the foreign ministers of Syria, Iran and Iraq to discuss Özal's peace plans. He was also investigating an issue which journalist Uğur Mumcu, assassinated in January 1993, had been, namely the funnelling of 100,000 rifles from Turkey to Kurdish armed forces in Iraq. The "Turkish Daily News" later interviewed an army general who said that the commander of the Joint United States Military Mission for Aid to Turkey (JUSMMAT) had complained about Bitlis to the chief of staff for collecting information about illegal activities pertaining to Operation Provide Comfort (OPC). Other OPC officers also complained to Washington. Bitlis aggressively opposed American designs; he had allegedly dismissed Americans supporting the Turkish Gendarmerie as well as CIA agents operating from humanitarian organizations active in the region. The interviewed general said that Bitlis had discovered arms intended for Jalal Talabani and Massoud Barzani concealed in crates purportedly containing food. According to another source, Bitlis was given photographs taken by JITEM operatives depicting three OPC helicopters distributing materiel to the PKK on 10 December 1992. Such acts led Bitlis to conclude that America was intent on establishing a Kurdish state encompassing Turkey. Bitlis proposed to solve the PKK conflict by severing its logistical support. To this end, he suggested establishing relations with neighboring countries.
Airplane crash.
On February 17, 1993, a snowy day, Bitlis was on an official trip by plane from the Güvercinlik Army Air Base in Ankara. He switched airplanes when the pilot realized the cockpit was out of order. His Beechcraft Super King Air B-200 crashed minutes after taking off from the air base. Bitlis, his aide-de-camp Fahir Işık, technician Emir Öner and the pilots, who had VIP green card certification for excellence in flying, died in the crash. The chief of staff, Gen. Doğan Güreş, said the accident was due to atmospheric icing but this has been denied by the manufacturer and experts from Istanbul Technical University and Middle East Technical University. According to the Etimesgut Air Base Weather Department's weather report for that day, there was no ice accumulation: "Calm, windy, 1,500 meters visibility, snowy, low clouds affected. Cloud level 800 feet, peak 8,000 feet. The weather is completely overcast. The temperature is -4 degrees and the pressure is 1,018 milibars." The military prosecutor who initially investigated the incident, Col. Hasan Tüysüzoğlu, remained convinced twenty years later that the crash was due to sabotage, and said that the dossier was taken from him, and no further investigation deemed necessary.
Gendarmerie commander Cem Ersever, who had been in charge of the JİTEM group's southeastern operations, left the army in mid-1993. He was allegedly in contact with the PKK through the Syrian intelligence service and the American special forces. Bitlis was fighting the PKK, and therefore on bad terms with Ersever. For this reason, some speculate that Ersever may have been responsible for Bitlis' death. Ersever himself was killed in 4 November 1993, along with his girlfriend Nevval Boz and right-hand man Mustafa Deniz, some suggest to cover up Bitlis' death. JITEM fugitive Abdülkadir Aygan suspects Veli Küçük, who is currently detained in the Ergenekon investigation, of having ordered Ersever's death. Ersever was resentful towards Küçük of being shunted to Ankara after the scandal surrounding Bitlis' death, perceiving Küçük as taking the credit for his achievements. According to Arif Doğan, the plane crash was engineered by Ersever together with Mahmut Yıldırım ("Yeşil").
Journalist Metin Kaplan offers a polar opposite account. Kaplan says that Ersever and Bitlis were in fact close friends, who were killed by American agents, and that Mustafa Deniz is still alive. Kaplan thinks it unlikely that Ersever killed Bitlis considering their alleged closeness, and the fact that Ersever was poor; he allegedly received pocket money from his publisher. Kaplan says that a person tasked with carrying out an assassination for a foreign government would be well funded. Kaplan also says that the air base Bitlis departed from quartered two JUSMMAT planes, and two American technicians, who likely had access to Bitlis' plane. Ultimately, Kaplan concludes that the Turkish military was aware that the Americans did it, but covered it up to maintain good relations.
Recently uncovered evidence suggests that his death and that of Mumcu may be related to the shadowy Ergenekon network. Both Bitlis and Mumcu were investigating how Jalal Talabani, one of the Kurdish leaders of northern Iraq, came into possession of 100,000 firearms belonging to the Turkish Armed Forces. However, the Ergenekon case is still in progress, and alternative explanations have been proffered to explain Mumcu's death (such as that Ersever did do it).
He was survived by his spouse Şükran and son Tarık.
Reopening of the death case.
On September 30, 2010, the office of the chief public prosecutor in Ankara reopened the case relating to the death of Eşref Bitlis on the basis of some news recently published in the Turkish media.
Prosecutor Hüseyin Görüşen, who is in charge of struggle against terrorism and organized crime, was tasked with the investigation to find out the real cause of the plane crash in 1993. The military prosecutor at the Turkish General Staff, who was responsible for the crash investigation, had closed the file with the finding that Bitlis' airplane crash was an accident without any human involvement. However, serious allegations were made by suspects in the ongoing Ergenekon trial that the crash was an assassination.
The case was due to be closed in February 2013 due to the 20-year statute of limitations, but in line with rulings from the European Court of Human Rights against statutes of limitations for murder, prosecutors said they would keep the case open. In September prosecutors issued a "permanent investigation" order.

</doc>
<doc id="18855755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855755" title="Beutler test">
Beutler test

The Beutler test, also known as the fluorescent spot test, is a screening test used to identify enzyme defects.
It can be used in screening for:

</doc>
<doc id="18855807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855807" title="Shep (American dog)">
Shep (American dog)

Shep was the name given to a herding dog that appeared at the Great Northern Railway station one day in 1936 in Fort Benton, Montana. The dog first appeared at the station when a casket was being loaded on a train heading to the eastern USA. When the train left, the dog kept coming back to the station for every incoming train after that.
It took station employees some time to realize that the body in the casket was probably Shep's master, and Shep was showing up for each incoming train to see if his master would be getting off. The station employees took care of Shep and he lived in and around the station, becoming well known to everyone who passed through.
A few years into his time at the station, Shep and his story was featured in "Ripley's Believe It or Not!".
Shep kept this daily vigil for almost six years until he was run over by a train on January 12, 1942. It is believed that his front paws were on one of the rails and he simply did not hear the train until it was too late, and he slipped off of the rail. The train's engineer could not stop the train in time.
A few days later, Shep's funeral was attended by nearly everyone in Fort Benton. "Eulogy on the Dog", though written for another dog, was read at the funeral. His grave was placed on a hillside overlooking the town, where it remains to this day.
Shep's story is retold as historical fiction in "Shep Forever Faithful" by Stewart H Beveridge and Lee Nelson.
The folk song "Ol Shep", sung by Ramblin' Jack Elliott, is related but tells a different story.
A bronze sculpture by Bob Scriver of Shep, with his front paws on a rail, was unveiled in Fort Benton in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18855809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855809" title="Christian Bjelland I">
Christian Bjelland I

Christian Bjelland (born in 1858 in the Norwegian city of Stavanger - died in 1927) was the founder of Chr. Bjelland & Co A/S, Norway's largest canned goods producer and amongst the largest in Scandinavia. Christian Bjelland is the name that most people in Norway would associate with Stavanger as well as the canning industry.
Christian Bjelland was one of the great industrialist of his time and in 1907 was made a Knight, 1st Class of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav for his contribution to building Norwegian industry.
Company.
The company was most famous for its sardines in particular the King Oscar brand for which Christian Bjelland received royal permission to use the image of Oscar II of Sweden on the sardine tins. The King Oscar brand became well known world wide and is still popular in the U.S.A. as well as Australia.
Bjelland sardines have been an important part of Norwegian culture throughout the 19th and 20th century. The company slogans and advertising are still remembered by many Norwegians to this day. These include the company logo known as the "The Man with the Fish" painted by Theodor Kittelsen, and the slogan "Ikke noe snikk-snakk, Bjellands hermetikk, takk", which translates into "No chit-chat, Bjellands canned goods, thanks".
The company remained involved in the canning industry until 1983 when Christian Bjelland's great grandson Christian Bjelland sold this section of the company to Norway Foods Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="18855811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855811" title="Erhardt v. Boaro, (113 U.S. 527)">
Erhardt v. Boaro, (113 U.S. 527)

Erhardt v. Boaro, , was an action for the possession of a mining claim in Pioneer mining district, in the County of Dolores, and State of Colorado. The claim was designated by the plaintiff as "The Hawk Lode" mining claim, and by the defendants as "The Johnny Bull Lode" mining claim. It contains two counts. The first alleges that the right of possession of the claim by the plaintiff on the 17th of June, 1880, is by virtue of its location pursuant to the laws of the United States and of the state, and the local rules and customs of miners in the district, and by virtue of priority of possession, the wrongful entry upon the premises by the defendants on the thirtieth of that month, their outing the plaintiff therefrom, and unlawfully withholding the possession from him, to his damage of $50,000. The second count, in addition to the citizenship of the parties, the possession of the claim by the plaintiff, and the subsequent wrongful entry of the defendants, and their ousting him, alleges that the defendants worked and mined in the claim, and dug out and removed from it large quantities of gold and silver bearing ore of the value of $50,000, to the damage of the plaintiff in that amount. The plaintiff therefore prays judgment for the possession of the mining premises and for damages of $100,000.
The answer of the defendants contains a specific denial of the several allegations of the complaint, and as to that it avers their want of information and demands proof. And it sets up the discovery of the claim in controversy on the 30th of June, 1880, by the defendants Boaro and Hull, to which they gave the designation of "The Johnny Bull Lode," and its definite location and record within ninety days thereafter, and their subsequent relocation of the claim September 8, 1880, to avoid a conflict with an adjoining claim. They pray therefore that they may be decreed its possession and ownership in accordance with their rights.
In the trial, the plaintiff produced evidence showing that on the 17th of June, 1880, one Thomas Carroll, a citizen of the United States, while searching, on behalf of himself and the plaintiff, also a citizen, for valuable deposits of mineral, discovered, on vacant unoccupied land of the public domain of the United States in the Pioneer mining district mentioned, the outcrop of a vein or lode of quartz and other rock bearing gold and silver in valuable and paying quantities; that by an agreement between him and the plaintiff, pursuant to which the explorations were prosecuted, all lodes and veins discovered by him were to be located, one-fifth in his name and four-fifths in the name of the plaintiff; that on the day of his discovery, Carroll designated the vein or lode as the "Hawk Lode," and posted at the point of discovery a plain sign, or notice in writing, as follows:
The evidence also showed that Boaro and Hull entered upon the premises on or about July 21, 1880, and remained thereafter continuously in possession; that threats of violence to the plaintiff and Carroll, if they should enter upon the premises or attempt to take possession of them, were communicated to Carroll as having been made by Boaro early in August following; that in consequence of such threats and the possession held by Boaro, Carroll was prevented from resuming work upon and completing the discovery shaft, and from entering upon any other part of the lode or vein and performing the acts of location required by law within the time limited. The evidence also tended to show that within ninety days from the discovery of the lode by Carroll, one French, on behalf of the plaintiff and Carroll, secretly caused the boundaries of the claim to be marked by six substantial posts, so as to include the place of discovery and the premises in controversy, and filed in the office of the recorder of the county a location certificate setting forth the name of the lode, the date of the location, the names of the plaintiff and Carroll as locators, and the course of the lode or vein, and giving such a description of the claim, with reference to natural objects and permanent landmarks, as would suffice to identify the same with reasonable certainty.
The evidence offered by the defendants rebutted that of the plaintiff, and showed that on the 30th of June, 1880, when Boaro entered upon the ground in controversy, he found nothing on the surface to indicate a vein or lode, or that any excavation had been made or stake erected, as alleged by the plaintiff, or that any portion of the ground claimed by the defendants had ever been previously located or claimed; that their discovery cut was commenced at a point thirty-five feet distant from the point described and claimed by Carroll as the point at which he had begun to sink the discovery shaft of the "Hawk Lode," and erected his stake and posted his notice, and that the top of the vein was at least four feet below the surface; that Carroll had abandoned all claim to the premises in controversy, and that his omission to perform the required location work was due to such abandonment, and not to any threats of the defendants, or of any of them, nor to the occupation of the ground by Boaro and Hull, or either of them; that neither the plaintiff nor Carroll ever demanded possession of or asserted any title to the premises until the working of the claim by the defendants had shown it to be valuable.
The evidence of the defendants also showed that they had commenced work upon the claim about July 21, 1880, and sank and excavated an open cut, striking the vein or lode at the depth of ten feet or more, and exposed therein a vein of rock in place bearing gold and silver; that no mineral nor any indications of a vein or lode were found until they reached the depth of seven or eight feet, and that subsequently, and within the time limited by law, they marked the bounds of their claim on said lode, called by them the "Johnny Bull Lode" and recorded a location certificate, describing their claim by reference to natural objects and permanent landmarks and complying in all respects with the requirements of the law.
The court was requested to instruct the jury that from and after the date of the discovery upon vacant, unoccupied mineral lands, of the outcrop of a vein or body of mineral-bearing rock, the discoverer is entitled to the possession of the point at which he made his discovery and of such a reasonable amount of adjacent ground as is necessary or incidental to the proper prosecution of the work of opening up or exposing the vein or body of mineral-bearing rock to the depth and within the time required by law, and that to such extent he is protected by law in his possession for the period of sixty days from the date of his discovery. But the court refused to give this instruction, and the plaintiff excepted to the refusal. The court charged the jury, among other things, that it was in evidence, and seemed to be conceded, that the notice on the stake put up by Carroll contained no specification or description of the territory claimed by the locators, as that they claimed a number of feet on each side of the discovery or in any direction therefrom, and "in this respect," said the court, "the notice was deficient, and under it the locators could not claim more than the very place in which it was planted. Elsewhere on the same lode or vein, if it extended beyond the point in controversy, any other citizen could make a valid location, for this notice, specifying no bounds or limits, could not be said to have any extent beyond what would be necessary for sinking a shaft," and also that to entitle the plaintiff to recover, "it should appear from the evidence that Boaro entered at the very place which had been taken by Carroll, because, as Carroll's notice failed to specify the territory he wished to take, it could not refer to or embrace any other place than that in which it was planted."
The defendant obtained a verdict, the plaintiff brought the case to the high court on writ of error to review the judgment entered thereon. 
Justice Field delivered the opinion of the Court.
The high court reversed the judgment of the court below, and the case remanded for a new trial.

</doc>
<doc id="18855813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855813" title="Brett Engelhardt">
Brett Engelhardt

Brett Engelhardt (born August 12, 1980, in Sheboygan, Wisconsin) is an American ice hockey Forward who currently plays for the Hamburg Freezers of the DEL.
Playing career.
After playing four seasons with the Michigan Tech Huskies, he began his professional career with the Philadelphia Phantoms organization. Having started the next season in the ECHL, he joined the St. Johns Maple Leafs. He followed the team when it moved to Toronto to become the Marlies. Before the beginning of the 2007-08 season, he signed a contract with the Detroit Red Wings. He did not make the team in training camp and joined the Grand Rapids Griffins. In February 2008, the Red Wings traded him to the Montreal Canadiens for center Francis Lemieux.
On May 8, 2008, Engelhardt signed a contract with German team, Augsburger Panther of the DEL for the 2008–09 season. After scoring a modest 35 points in his first season, Brett broke out offensively the following year leading the Panthers with 28 goals and scoring 54 points in only 47 games. On June 28, 2010, he then signed with fellow DEL team, the Hamburg Freezers to a one-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="18855821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855821" title="Cerasus">
Cerasus

Cerasus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18855826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855826" title="Hridayaleeswarar Temple">
Hridayaleeswarar Temple

Sri Hridayaleeswarar sivan temple is a Hindu temple, located at Thirunindravur near Chennai, India.
Swami Sivananda says that the language of the heart is the best language. In the words of Bhagavan Ramana Maharshi, one is to search for the almighty who is no different from one's self within one's heart's cave. The bible has picked up the Hinduism principle and states "Blessed are the pure at heart". The Bakti marga or the path of devotion is the heartfelt love one has for the divine. Hence the heart plays an important part in religion and spirituality. Here is the story of an ardent devotee who enshrined Lord Shiva in his heart.
Legend.
Thirunindravur, near Chennai once saw the outpour of devotion of a devout heart as well as the reciprocated grace as a result of the intense devotion. Poosalaar, was a poor man in terms of material wealth but rich in dedicated devotion towards Lord Shiva. His heart brimmed with love and devotion for the Lord. He was called Poosalaar as his body was always smeared with the sacred ash, (Tamil-Poosu-Apply). Bhagavan Ramana says that the right kind of desire on the spiritual path will condition an aspirant to become one with the divine ultimately. Poosalaar was not an exception to this and he yearned to erect a beautiful temple for his heart's favourite. However he became the object of people's ridicule for his herculean desire in his impoverished condition.
Poosalaar however was not deterred by the words of the people. His heart was large enough to house Shiva's temple and his love served to implement the task with ease. Meanwhile Rajasimha Pallava, the King of Kanchi had undertaken the task of erecting a temple for Lord Shiva. On the completion of the task, the king wanted it to be named Rajasimeswaram and duly consecrated. Hence the king fixed a date for the consecration. The day before the assigned date the king's heart was brimming with pride of having erected a beautiful temple for the Lord as his eyes shut with his thoughts vanishing into his sleep. And Lo! The Lord appeared in his dream and stated that He will not be able make present Himself in the consecration ceremony as He will be present in the consecration ceremony of another temple built by an ardent devotee, Poosalaar. Hence the king was asked by the Lord to choose another date to have Him installed ceremoniously on another day in the temple built by him.
The surprised king immediately commanded the culmination of the ceremonies associated with the temple consecration and proceeded to check out on the temple of Poosalaar. Coming to know that Poosalaar lived in a nearby town he set out towards Thirunindravur. The king was perplexed on the results of his enquiry that Poosalaar lived in poverty and there was not a sign of a new temple being erected in Thirunindravur. Counting on the Lord's words, the King sought to meet Poosalaar who was meditating under a tree. The king approached Poosalaar and stated the purpose of his visit. Poosalaar replied with joy to have a look at the ceremonious installation of Lord Shiva in the temple that he had built. Lo and Behold! The king witnessed the consecration ceremony of the temple built by Poosalaar within the heart of Poosalaar, with the chanting of the Vedas and other ceremonial activities!
It was then that the king realized that the poor devotee had visualized his desire stage by stage within his heart, surrendering his will and wish to his beloved Lord. The pure devotion and the unconditional love for the Lord had led the almighty to be enshrined in his heart forever. The king then materialized the temple that Poosalaar had built in the cavern of his heart before having the temple built by him duly consecrated. He called the deity 'Irudhayaleeswarar', the one who abides in the heart. It is to be noted that Poosalaar is one of the sixty four Nayanmars stated in the Periyapuranam.
This temple is a wonderful witness to reinforce our spiritual fact that 'whole hearted devotion' surpasses anything other
Temple.
Thirunindravur, the place where the temple of Hridayaleeswarar is situated is located in the Thiruvallur district of Tamil Nadu near Chennai. The inner roof of the temple is fashioned like that of a heart divided into four compartments probably displaying Poosalaar's conception. Parvati here is worshipped as Maragathambigai. Poosalaar's statue is found with folded hands in the shrine of Irudhayaleeeswarar. Irudhayaleeswarar is also worshipped as Manavaleswarar. People with an ailing heart is said to flock to this temple for speedy recovery due to Irudhayaleeswarar's grace.
The story of this temple states that the Lord surrenders to the ambit of a devotee's pure devotion and not extravaganza. The story symbolically represents the Vedic principle of seeking the lord within one's heart and to ultimately lose oneself in Him indivisibly which is what is realization. Poosalaar sought the Lord within Himself which led to His liberation from the cycle of birth and death. In the words of Ramana Maharshi, the greatest form of bakti or devotion is to find and identify Him within oneself to destroy even the least distance between Him and the one seeking to.

</doc>
<doc id="18855840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855840" title="Nidal Baba">
Nidal Baba

Nidal Baba (born August 16, 1972 in Humble, Texas) is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who was a member of the U.S. U-16 national team at the 1989 FIFA U-16 World Championship. He also played three games with the MetroStars during the 1996 Major League Soccer season.
Baba attended Humble High School where he was a two-time Parade Magazine High School All American soccer player. In 1989, he was a member of the U.S. U-16 national team at the 1989 FIFA U-16 World Championship. His brother, Imad, scored the winning goal as the U.S. defeated Brazil, the team finished group play with a 1-1-1 record, and failed to qualify for the second round. He went on to play several games that fall with the U.S. U-20 national team. He then attended Clemson University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1992 to 1994. He finished he career with 13 goals and 17 assists. On February 7, 1996, the MetroStars selected Baba in the 14th round (139th overall) in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. He played only three games before being released. In 2002, he worked with his brother Imad Baba in a nutrition store in Houston, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="18855841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855841" title="Quemazon">
Quemazon

Quemazon (or Quemazón, from Spanish "quemazón", burning) is a place name with multiple uses in the southwest United States. A related place name is "Quemada" (from Spanish "quemada", burnt). A place called Quemazon typically is a high mountain valley or canyon with abundant aspens, specifically Populus tremuloides. These stands of aspens result from catastrophic wildfires; succession after such fires typically begins with scrub oak, followed by aspens for many decades or centuries, followed eventually by conifers such as ponderosa pine.
An aspen stand that grows up after a wildfire tends to be very uniform in age. For this reason, and because reproduction in this species is largely clonal, these stands are subject to mass mortality (dieback) as trees in a stand reach the end of their normal lifespan more or less simultaneously.
In New Mexico, United States, the area that was completely burned over during the Cerro Grande wildfire in 2000 included Los Alamos Canyon. Along this canyon since before 1900 a trail known as Quemazon Trail was an important route across the Pajarito Plateau and over the rim of the Valles Caldera.

</doc>
<doc id="18855852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855852" title="History of Piedmont College">
History of Piedmont College

Creation of the College.
In late 1897 the citizens of Demorest petitioned the state of Georgia for the creation of an institution. On September 6, 1897, Habersham County approved the petition and issued a charter for the institution that would later be known as Piedmont College. The citizens of Demorest had purchased a girls' dormitory and had appointed a board of trustees and the college was officially formed.
Although the charter had been obtained, and the institution was on its way to becoming what it is today, the Board of Trustees, who were mostly made up of Methodists across the state, needed a president who would be the driving force for starting the college. The man they chose was Charles C. Spence, a native Georgian who was a graduate of Emory College and former president of Young Harris College.
Spence set up the college in similar fashion to Young Harris. It had three parts: preparatory, academic and collegiate. The preparatory and academic parts were what are now known as elementary, middle, and high schools. The institution was named the J.S. Green Collegiate Institute. Because it was essentially a Methodist school, it was named for local banker and Methodist Jesse S. Green. In 1899, the name was shortened to the J.S. Green College.
Becoming Piedmont.
In the early 1900s, there was a large draw to the Demorest area from many northern Congregationalists. This new influx of Congregationalists brought many highly educated people into the college circle. One of these new residents was John Charles Campbell, who would be come the second president of Piedmont. Campbell came to Demorest to serve as principal of the preparatory portion of the J.S. Green College. When Spence resigned due to health issues, Campbell was promoted.
Around the same time that Campbell became president, the board of trustees decided to sell the charter for the J.S. Green College to the Congregational churches, who elected all Congregationalists to the new board of trustees. With the changing of ownership came some controversy. It was believed at the time that the school was named after Jesse S. Green because of his religious affiliation with the Methodist church. The Congregationalists wanted the school to not be tied down to one religious association. So in 1903, the college was renamed Piedmont College after the area of Georgia in which it was located.
The Early 1900s.
Campbell resigned as president in 1907 after deciding he needed to rest more. The third president of the college became Henry Clinton Newell who originally came to Piedmont as a professor of science. Newell would also become the fifth president, coming out of retirement to help the college out. Most of Newell’s presidency focused on acquiring financial stability for the college. During Newell’s three years, he helped acquire the college’s first endowment fund. Newell resigned for many of the same reasons as his predecessors. He resigned because of his declining health.
In 1910, Frank Edwin Jenkins would become the fourth president of Piedmont College. Before becoming president, Jenkins served as the chair of the board of trustees. Where Newell focused heavily on finances, Jenkins focused his efforts on Piedmont’s growth and status as an education institution. His first major expansion of the college was acquiring new buildings and upgrading old buildings for a total of 37 usable buildings for the college’s use. All of the new expansions cost the college a large sum of money. Since there were no wealthy individual backers, most of the income came from numerous smaller donations. Another source of income, which Jenkins revamped to be more profitable was the College Farm, a piece of land.
The Farm was successful in helping out all aspects of Piedmont. Food from the farm was served at meals, saving the college money. The farm also provided jobs to many male students for a large discount of tuition. The parts of the crops that were left after Piedmont used it’s share were sold in markets to raise money for the college.
In 1920 the academy, which was the primary schools, discontinued so more effort could be focused into turning Piedmont into a better college.
The 30s, 40s and 50s.
Just months after the fall of the Stock Market on Black Tuesday, Jenkins resigned the presidency back to Newell. Because the economy was bad for most of the nation, Piedmont only barely survived the first few years of the depression. Newell brought the college through those tough years leaving it in 1936 in the hands of George C. Bellingrath, the sixth president of Piedmont.
Because of the depression, funds were not available to acquire new buildings. No other major construction projects took place on the campus. The 1930s found years unprecedented heights in enrollment numbers. Also during this time, Piedmont increased its number of degree programs from three to five: Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Science, Bachelor of Philosophy, Bachelor of Science in Home Economics and a Bachelor of Music.
In 1939, Belligrath’s contract was not renewed and the board of trustees appointed Malcolm Boyd Dana as president. Dana was the first president of Piedmont College to have been born in the 20th century. Throughout his five years at Piedmont, Dana focused primarily on keeping his ideals of Piedmont being a Christian college a reality.
Another major part of his presidency was devoted to updating the curriculum to more modern educational theories. The program he created to do this aimed “to equip each student with those facts and theories, social skills, and Christian attitudes, essential for constructive citizenship and joyous living." 
Before his term ended, Dana made a point to equip the school with six buildings, including a gymnasium that would be shared with Demorest High School. He acquired the funding that Piedmont hand not been able to acquire due to the depression of the ’30s. Many of these buildings were set up to be used for physical fitness, something that Dana thought was crucial for college students. With physical fitness came a renewed desire for athletics on the college campus. Dana resigned in 1944 and the current dean, Albert Ray Van Cleave took his place as president for the remainder of the 1940s.
Van Cleave weathered through the rough years that were during World War II. Although the war did have a great effect on the enrollment of Piedmont, it was not the worst crisis Van Cleave had to deal with. The worst crisis was that Piedmont had not been accredited and needed to be or it would be forced to close. This meant the college had to meet the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools’ requirements: $500,000 endowment, faculty with appropriate degrees and sufficient income to meet current expenses. Piedmont had no luck finding resources in the south, so Van Cleave had to look for funds in the north. Unfortunately Van Cleave was not able to secure the funds necessary in the time allotted.
The Walter years.
The Board of Trustees in 1949 allowed Van Cleave to resume the office of the Dean while James E. Walter would become the 9th president. Walter’s presidency was by far the longest in the history of the college as he was president for 34 years. The first major issue that Walter had to tackle was getting the endowment fund up to $500,000 which was $350,000 more than it was when he took office. In his first ten years, Walter was able to raise over $450,000 and bring the endowment fund to an acceptable level.
By June 1953, Walter had won the appreciation for outstanding service and devotion to the college. On June 29 of the same year, TIME magazine said, “Of all U.S. college presidents, James E. Walter of Congregational Piedmont college in Demorest, Georgia is probably the most tenacious.”” 
Walter did have his fair share of hatred. In the early 1950s Walter accepted a gift of $500 per month from the “anti-Semitic, anti-Negro Judge George Armstrong’s Texas Education Association.” After firing Piedmont’s treasurer for speaking out against the gift, Walter received 106 letters from faculty and students requesting his resignation. Walter dealt with the unhappiness, and continued as president so he could continue to help the college.
In 1951, Walter invited retired General George Van Horn Moseley to speak. Students and faculty protested because of Mosley's racist and anti-semetic views. "TIME" called him a "trumpeter for Aryan supremacy." One faculty member was fired for speaking in opposition to the speaking engagement. Calls for the president's resignation followed. Almost the entire faculty and 9 trustees resigned in the next two years and enrollment fell by two-thirds.
Piedmont received accreditation was achieved in 1965. Walter had increased the endowment fund into the double-digit million-dollar mark by 1982. Walter had decided that his time as president needed to come to an end and in 1983 he retired.
The end of the century.
Because of Walter’s long term as president, the board of trustees was well-prepared for his successor. David Garen Simmons took over from Walter in 1983.
The last twenty years of the 20th century at Piedmont are marked as the “years of change.” The curriculum expanded to include new majors and minors, computers made appearances throughout the faculty and staff offices, and a program for non-traditional students was created.
Simmons retired to just teaching history in 1990 after Walter died in 1989 and John F. Elger took his place as president for the next five years. Most of Elger’s presidency is marked by the change in buildings and facilities across campus. New buildings were purchased; old buildings got remodeled and had extensions added. Plans were started to get a new pipe organ installed in the college chapel. Another major change under Elger was the creation of the Master of Art in Teaching program. John Elger retired from education and administration in 1995.
W. Ray Cleere became president in 1995, taking the reins from Elger. President Cleere has seen the college through many building expansions and curriculum expansions. Approximately six majors were added to the various programs at Piedmont during Cleere’s presidency.
One of the major feats of Cleere’s time at Piedmont was expanding the college into a second campus. Piedmont College leased property in Athens, Georgia to start their new campus. Later the college purchased property from Prince Avenue Baptist Church. In 2007 the Athens campus started its first students for the four-year degree.
The college Board of Trustees, which in March 2013 had named Dr. James Mellichamp interim president, voted May 4 to make the position permanent.
Mellichamp becomes the 13th president of Piedmont to serve during the 115-year history of the college, which has campuses in Demorest and Athens. He joined Piedmont in 1982 as a professor of music, a position he has held since that time. But he has also worn a number of hats at the college, including most recently serving as Provost, Vice President for Academic Affairs, and Dean of the School of Arts and Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="18855869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855869" title="Wildlife of Belize">
Wildlife of Belize

For information on the Wildlife of Belize, please see:

</doc>
<doc id="18855878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855878" title="HMS Badger (1777)">
HMS Badger (1777)

HMS "Badger" was a brig in service with the Royal Navy in the late eighteenth century. She is famous as the first Royal Navy ship to be commanded by Horatio Nelson.
Career.
The "Badger" was one of a number of ships purchased for service on the North America and West Indies Station during the American Revolutionary War. She was previously an American merchant vessel, the "Defence", and had been purchased in Jamaica in November 1777 for the sum of £1,540. She replaced an earlier HMS "Badger" that had been bought the previous year but condemned as unfit for service in 1777. Little is known about her specifications, but she probably carried 12 guns, and was apparently 'capable of carrying 16 guns'.
Her first commander was Commander Michael John Everett, who brought with him the crew of the earlier "Badger". On 8 December 1778 the commander of the North America and West Indies Station, Sir Peter Parker, transferred a young lieutenant named Horatio Nelson, who had previously been serving aboard his flagship HMS "Bristol", to the command of the "Badger", and moved Everett to command the newly captured and commissioned 18-gun sloop . "Badger" was Nelson's first experience of command of one of the Royal Navy's commissioned warships, and he duly took command in January 1779. Nelson half of 1779 cruising the Caribbean, ranging off the Spanish colonies in Central America in search of prizes. Nelson did not have much success, but on 11 June 1779 Parker promoted Nelson to Post-Captain and gave him the command of the 28-gun frigate HMS "Hinchinbroke". On 20 June Nelson duly handed "Badger" over to Commander Cuthbert Collingwood.
Collingwood commanded "Badger" until early 1780, and in March that year he was succeeded by Commander Samuel Walker. Walker was replaced in September that year by Commander Richard Storey, who was commander in an acting capacity. It had been planned that Commander Donald Sutherland would take over command, but he had died on 9 September, after only two days in command. In December 1780 Commander James Cornwallis took over. "Badger" was temporarily under Lieutenant William Sykes between January 1781 and possibly March 1782. "Badger" was paid off at Jamaica in May 1782, and was sold there in June the following year for £2,050.

</doc>
<doc id="18855899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855899" title="Jack Butcher">
Jack Butcher

Edward Jack Butcher (28 October 1914 – 1978) was a player for Geelong and South Melbourne in the VFL between 1938 and 1945. He was a left-footer who could play in many different positions, but played his best football at half-back.
Butcher played several seasons for Geelong and, when Geelong were forced into recess due to World War II, he crossed to South Melbourne. After Geelong rejoined the league, Butcher returned and captained the club in 1944 and 1945. He retired during the 1945 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18855903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855903" title="Cedar Grove Cemetery">
Cedar Grove Cemetery

Cedar Grove Cemetery may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18855913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855913" title="Sony PMW-EX1">
Sony PMW-EX1

The PMW-EX1 is a high definition camcorder made by Sony costing $7,790 MSRP 
The Sony EX1 is popular among independent filmmakers due to the 1/2" TrueHD sensors, better depth of field control, and better low light capabilities. 
Other comparable class cameras use 1/3" sensors and pixel shifting or other schemes to simulate resolution. 
The PMW-EX1 utilizes Sony's three 1/2-inch type "Exmor" CMOS sensors, each with an effective pixel count of 1920 x 1080. Coupled with signal processing LSI, the PMW-EX1 produces images in 1080p (30 and 24 frame/s), 720p (up to 60 frame/s) and 1080i (up to 60 frame/s) HD.
The Sony EX1 records internally to SxS (S by S) cards (8,16,32 gig) and does not internally record to tape (an external tape device would be required). Unfortunately the expense of SxS ($160, $530 and $860 respectively) cards has been a major impediment to the indie filmmaker. The introduction of the SxS-1 card in December 2009 created a more affordable option for filmmakers, at the expense of a shorter operational life than SxS Pro cards.
Development of the ExpressCard adapters such as MxR, MxM and KxT have allowed the use of less expensive SDHC cards at standard frame rates and 720p rates up to 42 frame/s. Unfortunately only certain SDHC (usually class 4 or class 6) from certain manufacturers (Transcend and Sandisk) work with certain adapters. In comparison the 16 gig SxS card has a street price of $530, while the SDHC Sandisk class 4 card is $50.
Further complications are because some ExpressCard adapters do not allow the camera card door to close.2 These Express card adapters are not officially supported by Sony, but the firmware v1.11 or later supports them.
For 4:2:2 color, an external recording device would be required to be used utilizing the EX1's HD-SDI out.
External recording storage devices include:
PHU-60K 60GB portable XDcam Ex Storage approx 200 mins recording time [http://www.sony.co.uk/biz/view/ShowProduct.action?product=PHU-60K&pageType=Overview&imageType=Main&category=VPM+PHU&site=biz_en_GB]
Sony SxS card management strategies for video and film production.
Films that have used the Sony EX1 include:
- District 9
- Public Enemies
- The Act of Killing

</doc>
<doc id="18855916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855916" title="Promontory Falls">
Promontory Falls

Promontory Falls is an 18 metre horsetail, ribbon waterfall found on private property, (private with permission to access), in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Dofasco 2000 Trail, Pond Falls, Battlefield House Museum, Devil's Punch Bowl, Devil's Punch Bowl Conservation Area, Erland Lee House Museum.
Directions.
From QEW take the "Fifty Road" exit and follow this road south up the Escarpment. Park on the right side of the road at the top of the hill. Follow "Fifty Road" back down the escarpment until you reach the Bruce Trail. Head wwest on the Bruce Trail until you reach the waterfall on the south side of the trail.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18855955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18855955" title="James T. Kirk (Union officer)">
James T. Kirk (Union officer)

James Thompson Kirk (September 21, 1826 – December 7, 1886) was a Pennsylvania merchant and then an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He was the second officer to hold the title of colonel in the 10th Pennsylvania Reserve regiment.
Biography.
Kirk was born in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, a son of George A. and Jane (Thompson) Kirk. He was educated in the common schools and then became a merchant tailor. In 1851, he moved to Washington, Pennsylvania, where he owned and operated a retail store.
Kirk enlisted in the Army shortly after the outbreak of the Civil War and was commissioned in June 1861 as the captain of Company D of the 10th Pennsylvania Reserves (also known as the 39th Pennsylvania Infantry). Three weeks later, he became the regiment's lieutenant colonel. He saw his first combat in the Battle of Dranesville in Northern Virginia, on December 20, 1861.
When Colonel John S. McCalmont resigned in May 1862, Kirk was promoted to colonel. He commanded the regiment during the battles of Beaver Dam Creek, Gaines Mill, Glendale and Second Bull Run. In the first three actions, the regiment belonged to the 3rd Brigade of the 3rd Division of Maj. Gen. Fitz-John Porter's V Corps. At Second Bull Run, it fought with the 3rd Brigade of John F. Reynolds's independent division. He briefly led the brigade before being wounded and out of action. As a result of his injuries, he missed the battles of South Mountain and Antietam. When it became evident that his wounds would prevent any further field duty, he resigned from the army on October 18, 1862.
Following the war, Kirk resumed his mercantile business. He died at the age of 60 in Washington, Pennsylvania, and is buried in Washington Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18856018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856018" title="Fluoridation by country">
Fluoridation by country

Artificial fluoridation of water, salt, and milk varies from country to country. Water fluoridation has been introduced to varying degrees in many countries, including Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Ireland, Malaysia, the U.S., and Vietnam, and is used by 5.7% of people worldwide. Continental Europe largely does not fluoridate water, although some of its countries fluoridate salt; locations have discontinued water fluoridation in Germany, the Netherlands, and other countries. Although health and dental organizations support water fluoridation in the countries that practice water fluoridation, there has been considerable opposition to water fluoridation whenever it is proposed.
Africa.
Egypt.
Egypt does not fluoridate water, although a pilot study commenced in Alexandria.
Nigeria.
Only a fraction of Nigerians receive water from waterworks, so water fluoridation would affect only a few people. A 2009 study found that about 21% of water sources are naturally fluoridated to the recommended range of 0.3–0.6 ppm, about 62% have fluoride below this range, and the remainder are above this range.
South Africa.
South Africa's Health Department recommends adding fluoridation chemicals to drinking water in some areas. It also advises removal of fluoride from drinking water (defluoridation) where the fluoride content is too high.
Legislation around mandatory fluoridation was introduced in 2002, but has been on hold since then pending further research after opposition from water companies, municipalities and the public.
Asia.
China.
In China, water fluoridation began in 1965 in the urban area of Guangzhou. It was interrupted during 1976–1978 due to the shortage of sodium silico-fluoride. It was resumed only in the Fangcun district of the city, due to objections, and was halted in 1983. The fluoridation reduced the number of cavities, but increased dental fluorosis; the fluoride levels could have been set too high, and low-quality equipment led to inconsistent, and often excessive, fluoride concentrations. As of 2002, there was no water fluoridation in China.
Hong Kong.
In Hong Kong, water is totally fluoridated, at an average level of 0.49 mg/L
India.
Water fluoridation is not practiced in India. In 2004 both skeletal and dental fluorosis were endemic in at least 20 states, including Nalgonda, Uttarakhand, Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh. The maximum permissible limit of fluoride in drinking water in India is 1.2 mg/L, and the government has been obligated to install fluoride removal plants of various technologies to reduce fluoride levels from industrial waste and mineral deposits. Now reverse osmosis plants are widely used. Household and public system reverse osmosis plants are common in the market. Alleppey in Kerala is most affected with fluoride water. Govt installed RO Plants at many points to supply free filtered water. Rotary Inter National Club, Saratoga USA, helped to install 3 nos of RO Plants at rural Apply.
Israel.
Mekorot, Israel's national water company states, "In the South of the country, it is unnecessary to add fluoride because it is found naturally in the water." Water fluoridation was introduced in Israel's large cities in 1981, and a national effort to fluoridate all the country's water was approved in 1988.
In 2002, the Union of Local Authorities (ULA) and others petitioned Israel's High Court to stop the Health Ministry from forcing cities to implement water fluoridation. The court soon issued a restraining order, but after half a year ULA withdrew its petition upon the request of the court.
By 2011, about 65% of the municipalities and local authorities in Israel had agreed to allow fluoridation, and there was active opposition to the spread of fluoridation to the towns where it has not yet been instituted. In 2011, the Health and Welfare Committee of the Knesset criticized the Health Ministry for continuation of water fluoridation.
In 2013 the new Minister of Health Yael German has signed a new regulation setting water quality and not requiring fluoridation, that will take effect in the following year. She has insisted that it was better to provide fluoride in other ways to “target audiences” such as poor children, who were unlikely to brush their teeth regularly with fluoride toothpaste. “It must be known to you that fluoridation can cause harm to the health of the chronically ill and pregnant women,” German wrote in the letter. She argued that only 2% of water is used for drinking by the population, with the rest used for dishwashing, bathing, industry and other uses."
Japan.
Less than 1% of Japan practices water fluoridation.
South Korea.
In 2005, the ruling Uri Party proposed legislation for compulsory water fluoridation for municipalities. The legislation failed, and only 29 out of around 250 municipal governments had introduced water fluoridation at that time. Fluoridation was proposed again in 2012.
Malaysia.
In 1998, 66% of Malaysians were getting fluoridated water.
In 2010, Bernama reported, "Principal Director (Oral Health) in the Health Ministry, Datuk Dr Norain Abu Taib said that only 75.5% of the country’s population are enjoying the benefits of water fluoridation".
Singapore.
In 1956, Singapore was the first Asian country to institute a water fluoridation program that covered 100% of the population. Water is fluoridated to a typical value of 0.4-0.6 mg per litre.
Vietnam.
About 4% of the population of Vietnam has water fluoridation, whereas only 70% get their water from public supplies.
Europe.
Many European countries have rejected water fluoridation in general. This includes: Austria, Belgium, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Northern Ireland, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, Scotland Iceland, and Italy. A 2003 survey of over 500 Europeans from 16 countries concluded that "the vast majority of people opposed water fluoridation".
Austria.
Austria has never implemented fluoridation.
Belgium.
Belgium does not fluoridate its water supply, although legislation permits it.
Czech Republic.
Czech Republic (previously Czechoslovakia) started water fluoridation in 1958 in Tábor. In Prague fluoridation started in 1975. It was stopped in Prague in 1988 and subsequently in the whole country. Since 2008 no water has been fluoridated. Fluoridated salt is available.
Croatia.
Croatia does not fluoridate its water.
Denmark.
According to the Danish Ministry of Environment and Energy, "toxic fluorides have never been added to the public water supplies", therefore Denmark does not practice artificial water fluoridation. However there are a number of naturally occurring contaminants in the Danish drinking water, as it can be seen on © HOFOR's website (© HOFOR is Copenhagen's water supply).
Here are the test results for levels of various contaminants including fluoride in the drinking water of some cities in Denmark:
København
Brøndby
Albertslund
Dragør
Hvidovre
Rødovre
Vallensbæk
Herlev
Finland.
The Finnish government supports fluoridation (citation needed), although only one community of 70 000 people was fluoridated, Kuopio. Kuopio stopped fluoridation in 1992.
France.
Fluoridated salt is available in France, and 3% of the population uses naturally fluoridated water, but the water is not artificially fluoridated.
Germany.
Drinking water is not fluoridated in any part of Germany. One experiment, started 1952 in Kassel-Wahlershausen, was discontinued in 1971. The GDR used to fluoridate drinking water in a few cities, but it was discontinued after the German reunification. Fluoridated salt is available since 1992 with steadily increasing market share.
Greece.
There is no water fluoridation in Greece.
Hungary.
In the early 1960s the city of Szolnok briefly fluoridated its water. The program was discontinued due to technical problems and a view that fluoridation did not seem reasonable. Hungary has not used artificially fluoridated water since then.
Ireland.
In the Republic of Ireland the majority of drinking water is fluoridated; 71% of the population in 2002 resided in fluoridated communities. The fluoridation agent used is hydrofluosilicic acid (HFSA; H2SiF6). In a 2002 public survey, 45% of respondents expressed some concern about fluoridation.
In 1957, the Department of Health established a Fluorine Consultative Council which recommended fluoridation at 1.0 ppm of public water supplies, then accessed by c.50% of the population. This was felt to be a much cheaper way of improving the quality of children's teeth than employing more dentists. The ethical approval for this was given by the "Guild of Saints Luke, Cosmas and Damian", established by Catholic Archbishop of Dublin, John Charles McQuaid. This led to the Health (Fluoridation of Water Supplies) Act 1960, which mandated compulsory fluoridation by local authorities. The statutory instruments made in 1962–65 under the 1960 Act were separate for each local authority, setting the level of fluoride in drinking water to 0.8–1.0 ppm. The current regulations date from 2007, and set the level to 0.6–0.8 ppm, with a target value of 0.7 ppm.
Implementation of fluoridation was held up by preliminary dental surveying and water testing, and a court case, Ryan v. Attorney General. In 1965, the Supreme Court rejected Gladys Ryan's claim that the Act violated the Constitution of Ireland's guarantee of the right to bodily integrity. By 1965, Greater Dublin's water was fluoridated; by 1973, other urban centres were. Studies from the late 1970s to mid 1990s showed a higher decrease in (and lower incidence of) dental decay in school children living in areas where water was fluoridated than in areas where water was not fluoridated.
A private member's bill to end fluoridation was defeated in the Dáil on 12 November 2013. It was supported by Sinn Féin and some of the technical group and opposed by the Fine Gael-Labour government and Fianna Fáil.
Netherlands.
Water was fluoridated in large parts of the Netherlands from 1960 to 1973, when the High Council of The Netherlands declared fluoridation of drinking water unauthorized. Dutch authorities had no legal basis adding chemicals to drinking water if they will not improve the safety as such. Drinking water has not been fluoridated in any part of the Netherlands since 1973.
Norway.
In 2000, representatives of the Norwegian National Institute for Public Health reported that no cities in Norway were practicing water fluoridation. There had been intense discussion of the issue around 1980, but no ongoing political discussion in 2000.
Spain.
Around 10% of the population receives fluoridated water.
Sweden.
In 1952, Norrköping in Sweden became one of the first cities in Europe to fluoridate its water supply. It was declared illegal by the Supreme Administrative Court of Sweden in 1961, re-legalized in 1962 and finally prohibited by the parliament in 1971, after considerable debate. The parliament majority said that there were other and better ways of reducing tooth decay than water fluoridation. Four cities received permission to fluoridate tap water when it was legal. An official commission was formed, which published its final report in 1981. They recommended other ways of reducing tooth decay (improving food and oral hygiene habits) instead of fluoridating tap water. They also found that many people found fluoridation to infringe upon personal liberty/freedom of choice by forcing them to be medicated, and that the long-term effects of fluoridation were insufficiently acknowledged. They also lacked a proper study on the effects of fluoridation on formula-fed infants.
Switzerland.
In Switzerland since 1962 two fluoridation programmes had operated in tandem: water fluoridation in the City of Basel, and salt fluoridation in the rest of Switzerland (around 83% of domestic salt sold had fluoride added). However it became increasingly difficult to keep the two programmes separate. As a result some of the population of Basel were assumed to use both fluoridated salt and fluoridated water. In order to correct that situation, in April 2003 the State Parliament agreed to cease water fluoridation and officially expand salt fluoridation to Basel.
United Kingdom.
Around 10% of the population of the United Kingdom receives fluoridated water about half a million people receive water that is naturally fluoridated with calcium fluoride which is different from sodium fluoride, and about 6 million total receive fluoridated water. The All Party Parliamentary Group on Primary Care and Public Health recommended in April 2003 that fluoridation be introduced "as a legitimate and effective means of tackling dental health inequalities". The Water Act 2003 required water suppliers to comply with requests from local health authorities to fluoridate their water.
The following UK water utility companies fluoridate their supply:
Earlier schemes were undertaken in the Health Authority areas of Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire, Birmingham, Black Country, Cheshire, Merseyside, County Durham, Tees Valley, Cumbria, Lancashire, North, East Yorkshire, Northern Lincolnshire, Northumberland, Tyne and Wear, Shropshire, Staffordshire, Trent and West Midlands South whereby fluoridation was introduced progressively in the years between 1964 and 1988.
The South Central Strategic Health Authority carried out the first public consultation under the Water Act 2003, and in 2009 its board voted to fluoridate water supplies in the Southampton area to address the high incidence of tooth decay in children there. Surveys had found that the majority of surveyed Southampton residents opposed the plan, but the Southampton City Primary Care Trust decided that "public vote could not be the deciding factor". A judicial review has been initiated. Fluoridation plans have been particularly controversial in the North West of England and have been delayed after a large increase on projected costs was revealed.
It was reported in 2007 that the UK Milk Fluoridation Programme, centered in the North west of England, involved more than 16,000 children.
The water supply in Northern Ireland has never been artificially fluoridated except in two small localities where fluoride was added to the water for about 30 years. By 1999, fluoridation ceased in those two areas, as well.
In 2004, following a public consultation, Scotland's parliament rejected proposals to fluoridate public drinking water.
North America.
Canada.
The decision whether to fluoridate lies with local governments, with guidelines set by provincial, territorial, and federal governments. Brantford, Ontario became the first city in Canada to fluoridate its water supplies in 1945. In 1955, Toronto approved water fluoridation, but delayed implementation of the program until 1963 due to a campaign against fluoridation by broadcaster Gordon Sinclair. The city continues to fluoridate its water today. In 2008 the recommended fluoride levels in Canada were reduced from 0.8–1.0 mg/L to 0.7 mg/L to minimize the risk of dental fluorosis. Ontario, Alberta, and Manitoba have the highest rates of fluoridation, about 70–75%. The lowest rates are in Quebec (about 6%), British Columbia (about 4%), and Newfoundland and Labrador (1.5%), with Nunavut and the Yukon having no fluoridation at all. Overall, about 45% of the Canadian population had access to fluoridated water supplies in 2007. A 2008 survey found that about half of Canadian adults knew about fluoridation, and of these, 62% supported the idea.
In 2010, the Region of Waterloo held a referendum for residents to decide if water fluoridation should continue. The result of the vote was 50.3% voting against fluoridation.
In 2011, Calgary city council voted 10-3 to stop adding fluoride to the city's drinking water, having started water fluoridation in 1991.
United States.
As of May 2000, 42 of the 50 largest U.S. cities had water fluoridation. In 2010, 66% of all U.S. residents and 74% of U.S. residents with access to community water systems receive fluoridated water. In 2010, a U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention study determined that "40.7% of adolescents aged 12–15 had dental fluorosis 1999–2004". In response, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services together with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency are proposing to reduce the recommended level of fluoride in drinking water to the lowest end of the current range, 0.7 milligrams per liter of water (mg/L), from the previous recommended maximum of 1.2 mg/L. This could effectively terminate municipal water fluoridation in areas where fluoride levels from mineral deposits and industrial pollution exceed the new recommendation.
Australasia.
Australia.
Australia now provides fluoridated water for 70% or more of the population in all states and territories. Many of Australia's drinking water supplies began fluoridation in the 1960s and 1970s. By 1984 almost 66% of the Australian population had access to fluoridated drinking water, represented by 850 towns and cities. Some areas within Australia have natural fluoride levels in the groundwater, which was estimated in 1991 to provide drinking water to approximately 0.9% of the population.
The first town to fluoridate the water supply in Australia was Beaconsfield, Tasmania in 1953. Queensland became the last state to formally require the addition of fluoride to public drinking water supplies in December 2008.
New Zealand.
The use of water fluoridation first began in New Zealand in Hastings in 1954. A Commission of Inquiry was held in 1957 and then its use rapidly expanded in the mid 1960s. New Zealand now has fluoridated water supplied to about half of the total population. Of the six main centres only Christchurch and Tauranga do not to have a fluoridated water supply. In 2013 a Hamilton City Council committee voted to remove fluoride from late June 2013. A referendum was held during the council elections in October 2013 with approximately 70% of voters voting for fluoride to be added back into the water supply. The mayor and most councilors have indicated that they will support the outcome of the referendum. In a 2007 referendum about half of voters in the Central Otago, South Otago and the Southland Region did not want fluoridation and voters in the Waitaki District were against water fluoridation for all Wards. Ashburton and Greymouth also voted against fluoridation.
South America.
Brazil.
Water fluoridation was first adopted in Brazil in the city of Baixo Guandu, ES, in 1953. The proportion of the national population affected is greater, because cities with fluoridation tend to be larger.
Chile.
In Chile 70.5% of the population receives fluoridated water (10.1 million added by chemical means, 604,000 naturally occurring).

</doc>
<doc id="18856037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856037" title="2002 Atlanta Falcons season">
2002 Atlanta Falcons season

The 2002 Atlanta Falcons season was their 37th in the league. The team improved upon their previous season's output of 7–9 and qualified for the playoffs for the first time in four years. The team was also involved in a rare tie, matching the Pittsburgh Steelers 34–34 at the end of overtime. This was the most recent tie in the NFL until the Philadelphia Eagles and the Cincinnati Bengals tied 13–13 in the 2008 season.
Notable Games.
The Falcons debuted in the new NFC South with what proved to be the first of two meetings at Lambeau Field with the Packers. After a Ryan Longwell field goal for the Packers in the first quarter new Falcons starting quarterback Michael Vick began moving Atlanta's offense and ran in a one-yard touchdown early in the second; not three minutes after Vick's touchdown the Falcons had the ball back and Warrick Dunn ran in a touchdown. A David Martin catch from Brett Favre followed, but the Falcons led 21–10 at the half. Green Bay surged back to the lead on touchdowns by Rondell Mealey and rookie Javon Walker for a 27–24 lead. Scores by Dunn and William Henderson left the Packers up 34–31 before Jay Feely tied it on the final play of regulation. It took nearly ten minutes of overtime before Longwell finished it off with a 34-yard field goal and a 37–34 Packers win.
Atlanta's perennial arch-foe, the Saints had raced to a 6–1 record when they hosted the 3–3 Falcons. The Saints clawed to a 10–0 lead in the first quarter, then Michael Vick and Warrick Dunn rushing scores put Atlanta up 14–10 at the half. Bob Christian ran in a score early in the third, but less than two minutes later Aaron Brooks landed a 19-yard touchdown pass to Deuce McAllister and then caught a two-point pass from Boo Williams. Two Jay Feely field goals and a Joe Horn touchdown made it 27–25 Atlanta early in the fourth before Vick ran 32 yards for another touchdown. The Saints erupted with another McAllister score and a John Carney field goal, but on the final play Feely finished off the Saints from 47 yards out and a 37–35 Falcons win.
Now 4–3, the Falcons began riding momentum as they hosted the 3–4 Ravens. Michael Vick completed only 12 of 24 passes with one INT and rushed seven times, suffering a net loss of five yards. Despite this the Falcons stayed toe-to-toe with the Ravens, racing to a 17–3 lead in the second before Baltimore tied it. Kicker Jay Feely booted a 40-yard field goal in the third, and after that the Falcons defense shut out the Ravens enough for a 20–17 Atlanta win.
Former draft bust (and XFL champ) Tommy Maddox replaced Kordell Stewart early in the season and the Steelers overcame an 0–2 start to win five of their next six games. The Steelers fell behind 7–3 following a 43-yard touchdown from Michael Vick to Shawn Jefferson, but two Maddox touchdown throws put Pittsburgh up 17–7 at the half. After a 59-yard Warrick Dunn score Maddox found Plaxico Burress from 62 yards out, but the PAT was blocked. Maddox later found Jerame Tuman and a two-point throw to Hines Ward, and the Steelers led 34–17 with ten minutes to go. But Vick exploded on the ground and in the air, racing the Falcons to set up Bob Christian's one-yard score, then a 40-yard Jay Feely field goal, and finally an 11-yard rushing touchdown himself with 32 seconds in regulation. Tied at 34 the Steelers clawed within range of a 48-yard field goal try; at this point Falcons receiver Brian Finneran was put onto special teams, an area he'd never played before; it proved decisive as Finneran blocked the kick. After an exchange of punts Maddox was picked off by Kevin Mathis, setting up a 56-yard Feely kick in the final seconds of overtime; this kick was blocked, and there was one second remaining. Maddox thus launched a desperation heave of some 60 yards; in traffic it was caught by Burress but he was ruled down at the one-foot line, and the game ended tied at 34, the first NFL tie since 1997. "It's a win for them," said a bitter Joey Porter. "To come back from 17 points down in the fourth quarter, it's a win for them, a loss for us."
Michael Vick's running had steadily become a major story in the league, and it became his signature play against the struggling Vikings. It was only the second game between the two clubs since the stunning NFC Title Game upset by the Falcons and the Vikings were smarting from a 3–8 record. The game lead tied or changed on every score; Daunte Culpepper ran in a touchdown and connected on a two-yard score to Hunter Goodwin, while the Falcons behind 227 total rushing yards scored on rushing touchdowns by Vick and Bob Christian. With the Falcons up 24–21 in the final seconds, the Vikings reached the Falcons 10; Culpepper handed off to Randy Moss and Moss turned and tossed the ball to Culpepper for an apparent touchdown, but the Vikings were flagged for illegal formation and Gary Anderson booted a 29-yarder. In overtime the Falcons got the ball first and just over two minutes in Vick dropped back to pass from the Vikings 46; with no receivers open he scrambled, then found a hole, cut back right, and raced in the winning touchdown (30–24 final), putting the Falcons at 8–3–1 and still within shot of the division title.
A loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers the following week hurt Atlanta's title chances and they effectively ended against the Seahawks. The Falcons raced to a 17–7 lead in the first half but the Seahawks clawed back and surged to a 21–17 lead after Willie Williams ran back a Falcons fumble in the third. Seattle surged to a 24–17 lead but Vick landed a 12-yard touchdcown into the hands of Trevor Gaylor with 17 seconds in regulation. The ensuing overtime lasted over ten minutes before Shaun Alexander burst from the Falcons 27 to finish it off at 30–24.
Week 17 of the 2002 season became a dizzying conundrum with multiple teams battling for a handful of playoff spots in both conferences. The Falcons needed a win over Cleveland or a Saints loss to Carolina to make the playoffs, while the 8–7 Browns needed a win and help around the AFC to make it to the club's first playoffs since the original incarnation of the Browns made it in 1994. The Falcons-Browns game and the fate of the two teams' playoff hopes became intertwined with New Orleans vs. Carolina, the New England Patriots vs. Miami Dolphins, and the New York Jets vs. Green Bay Packers. The Panthers embarrassed the Saints by forcing multiple turnovers and winning 10–6, while the Patriots erased a 24–13 gap to beat the Dolphins; in Cleveland the Falcons clawed to a 16–10 lead after three quarters, but Kelly Holcomb's touchdown to Kevin Johnson in the fourth was followed by a 64-yard William Green touchdown run. The Falcons raced to the Browns 1-yard line, but two straight runs by Warrick Dunn were stopped, and the Browns, winners 24–16, now had to wait to see if they would make the playoffs – the Jets got them in by hammering the Packers and thus eliminating Miami and New England, while Atlanta made it in on New Orleans' loss. 
The Falcons traveled to Lambeau Field, where the Packers had never lost a playoff game in their history; thirteen playoff games had been played at Lambeau and the Packers had won all of them. That ended on a bitterly cold night as the Falcons upset the Packers. The Falcons scored first on a ten-yard Michael Vick pass to Shawn Jefferson, then Artie Ulmer blocked a Packers punt at their 1-yard line and scored. The Falcons defense bullied the Packers into three fumbles and Brett Favre's reputation for playoff recklessness led to two interceptions by Keion Carpenter. The Falcons rushed for 192 yards, 128 of them split between Vick and Warrick Dunn, as the Falcons raced to a 27–7 win, Green Bay's first ever home playoff loss.

</doc>
<doc id="18856047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856047" title="Boise Yankees">
Boise Yankees

The Boise Yankees were a minor league baseball team that played from 1952 to 1953 in the Pioneer League. Based in Boise, Idaho, they were affiliated with the New York Yankees in both their years of existence. They played their home games at Joe Devine Airway Park. 
A notable person to play for the Boise Yankees was future country music star Charley Pride.

</doc>
<doc id="18856076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856076" title="Robert Keith Gray">
Robert Keith Gray

Robert Keith Gray (born September 2, 1923) in Hastings, Nebraska was a Republican activist and public relations executive who founded Gray and Company in 1981 after working with Hill & Knowlton.
Career.
In government service.
In 1955, Gray was appointed Special Assistant for Manpower for the United States Department of the Navy, the following year, Gray served as Appointments Secretary to President Dwight Eisenhower and later as Secretary of his cabinet.
Private sector.
In the 1960s and 1970s, he served as Washington operative for Hill & Knowlton. In those years, according to a case study by the Harvard Business School, H&K's clients produced nearly 10% of the GNP.
In 1967, Gray joined the 50-person committee responsible for charting Richard Nixon's path to the White House.  
After serving as deputy director of the Reagan-Bush presidential campaign, in 1980,  Gray became Reagan's first appointment as president when Gray was named co-chairman of Ronald Reagan’s Presidential inauguration. 
Gray started his own firm, Gray and Company, in 1981. When he took the firm public in 1985, it became the first public relations-public affairs firm to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange.  Three years later, he sold majority interest in the firm to Hill & Knowlton and became H&K's Worldwide Chairman.
In 1988, as one of his last acts as president, Reagan flew to Gray's hometown, Hastings, Nebraska, to dedicate a communications center Gray had given to Hastings College in honor of his parents.
Gray’s book, "18 Acres Under Glass", was published by Doubleday in the States and by MacMillan oversees. Becoming number-four on The Times best-seller list, the book highlighted the demands on both his political and social life as the Secretary of the Cabinet under President Dwight D. Eisenhower. With tales of the visits with kings and queens, to the extended hours spent with the Chief Executive, the book gives an inner look at the functions and sometimes dysfunctions of Washington.
Gray has been featured in cover stories in "Time" Magazine and "U.S. News and World Report", named Marketer of the year by "AdWeek Magazine", and was the subject of a fifteen-minute "Monitor" program on NBC. He has received Italy's highest civilian decoration, Grande Ufficiale.
In the 1992 book, "The Power House" by Susan B. Trento, "tells how Mr. Gray, after unabashedly peddling access for decades, reached the apex of his influence when his friend Ronald Reagan moved into the White House." This book led to a defamation lawsuit by Gray against Trento and St. Martin's Press, in which Gray's claims were dismissed. 
Gray graduated in 1943 from Carleton College and holds an MBA from Harvard University, four honorary doctorates (from Creighton University, Barry University, Marymount University and Hastings College.) His current company is GrayandCo2, where he serves as a consultant to international companies and on corporate boards.
Gray is chairman for the Keating Network LLC, an organization dedicated to helping small and medium sized businesses grow and prosper.

</doc>
<doc id="18856081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856081" title="Moniot de Paris">
Moniot de Paris

Moniot de Paris (fl. post-1250) was a trouvère and probably the same person as the Monniot who wrote the "Dit de fortune" in 1278. He was once thought to have flourished around 1200, but his dates have been pushed back. 
Moniot wrote nine surviving pieces: three "pastourelles", one "chanson de rencontre", one "chanson de la malmariée", and four enigmatic "rotrouenges" that are not of the "grand chant" variety. Throughout, his work represents a blurring of the traditional boundaries between genres. One modern scholar, J. Frappier, has gone so far as to identify in him a new conception of courtly love: "une courtoisie embourgeoisée" (a bourgeoisie courtliness). Moniot represents a "low style" or "less refined lyricism". His themes, both lyric and musical, are light in tone. He uses refrains (such as the onomatopoeic "Vadu, vadu, vadu, va!") in nearly all his works and his melodies are simple in the extreme, with repeated notes, repeated phrases, and small intervals. These melodies were popular nonetheless: Moniot reused one and four of them have later "contrafacta". 

</doc>
<doc id="18856082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856082" title="Provincias Internas">
Provincias Internas

The Provincias Internas or Commandancy General of the Internal Provinces of the North () was a colonial, administrative district of the Spanish Empire, created in 1776 to provide more autonomy for the frontier provinces in the Viceroyalty of New Spain, present day northern Mexico and southwestern United States. The goal of its creation was to establish a unified government in political, military and fiscal affairs. Nevertheless, the Commandancy General experienced significant changes in its administration due to both experimentation to find the best government for the frontier region and bureaucratic in-fighting. Its creation was part of the Bourbon Reforms and was part of an effort to invigorate economic and population growth in the region to stave off encroachment on the region by foreign powers. During its existence, the Commandancy General encompassed the Provinces of Sonora y Sinaloa, Nueva Vizcaya, Las Californias, Nuevo México, and Coahuila y Tejas (formerly Nueva Extremadura).
History.
Establishment.
The Provincias Internas were the brainchild of José de Gálvez. He hit upon the idea during his time as royal "Visitador General" (Inspector General) to New Spain from 1761 to 1772. His initial idea was to create a full-fledged viceroyalty or captaincy general out of the northern provinces, but the low population of the area and large military expenses of the area in comparison to its revenues, prevented this. Instead the chief official of the area received the military title of commander or commandant general ("comandante general" in Spanish) in addition to being the chief civil executive officer of the region. Due to objections from the viceroys of New Spain, Gálvez was unable to implement his plan during his time as "visitador", but a few years after his return he was appointed Minister of the Indies. This was essentially a new office created by King Charles III which made Gálvez, for all purposes, independent of the Council of the Indies (of which he was also an honorary member). From his new position, Gálvez was able to implement his vision for Spanish America. In addition to the Provincias Internas, Gálvez also created the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata and the Captaincy General of Venezuela (which was essentially a new viceroyalty in all but name). He also recommenced the stalled project of replacing the older "corregimientos" and "alcaldías mayores" with intendants. Gálvez appointed Teodoro de Croix as the first Commander General of the Provinicas Internas.
Society.
Like most of the governments of the Caribbean, the finances of the Provincias Internas were subsidized by a situado ("subsidy") from the royal treasury of Mexico City. The first capital of the Commandancy General was Arizpe in Sonora. The provinces that had been incorporated into the new district had been, and continued to be, under the jurisdiction of the Real Audiencia of Guadalajara. They were also different in culture from those of New Spain proper. Whereas the southern provinces had been the site of complex, settled societies—such as the Mexica, the Zapotec, Mixtec and the P'urhépecha (Tarascan)—at the time of the conquest, the areas under the Audiencia of Guadalajara had not. Instead the semi-nomadic peoples (referred to at the time by the Nahuatl term, Chichimeca) that lived in this more arid region (and who had resisted Spanish incursions into the area) had either been pushed onto marginal lands or been absorbed into a new Hispanic culture that emerged in the haciendas, towns and cities near the many silver mines that promoted European settlement of this region from Spain and Catholic regions in Europe under Spanish control such as parts of Italy, Netherlands, Belgium and present day Germany. 
Administrative reorganization.
In the decades that lead up to Spanish American wars of independence, the Provincias Internas were restructured four times. In 1786 the Provincias Internas were split into three commands: the Western Internal Provinces (Sonora y Sinaloa) under the Commander General; the Central Internal Provinces (Nueva Vizcaya and Nuevo México) under the Viceroy; and the Easter Internal Provinces (Coahuila y Tejas, with Nuevo León and Nuevo Santander as well) also under the Viceroy. A year later this complex arrangement was changed to just two Western and Eastern districts. In 1792 the Commander General was put back in charge of a remnant Provincias Internas consisting of Sonora y Sinaloa, Nueva Vizcaya, Nuevo México, Coahuila y Tejas. Las Californias was also under his jurisdiction but the Viceroy oversaw him on matters in this province. Finally the Western and Eastern district arrangement was returned in 1811, but with the viceroy ultimately in charge.

</doc>
<doc id="18856105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856105" title="Ridge Falls">
Ridge Falls

Ridge Falls is an 11 metre high washboard ribbon cascade waterfall found on CN property in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Dofasco 2000 Trail, Battlefield House Museum, Devil's Punch Bowl, Devil's Punch Bowl Conservation Area, Erland Lee House Museum, Dewitt Falls.
Directions.
Inaccessible without permission from owner. Just a few meters east of Dewitt Falls.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18856106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856106" title="Ruth Bedford">
Ruth Bedford

Ruth Bedford (1882 – 1963) was an Australian poet, playwright and fiction writer.
Career.
Born in Petersham, Sydney, to Alfred Percival Bedford and Agnes Victoria Stephen, daughter of Sir Alfred Stephen, an influential chief justice, whose family she wrote about in her humorous book "A Family Chronicle" (1954). 
Ruth Bedford and her sisters Sylvia and Alfreda were educated at home by governesses. Bedford proved a talented verse writer from an early age: her first book, "Rhymes by Ruth" was published when she was eleven years old in 1893 (revised and reprinted 1896). 
In 1931, Ruth Bedford established the Sydney PEN Centre in collaboration with her friend, the poet Dorothea Mackellar.

</doc>
<doc id="18856110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856110" title="Ruby Roman">
Ruby Roman

The Ruby Roman is a variety of table grape grown and marketed entirely in Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan. It is red in color and about the size of a ping-pong ball. The first Ruby Roman grapes went on sale in August 2008 for 100,000 Japanese yen (US$910) per 700-gram bunch, or $26 per grape. They are said to be the most expensive variety of grapes. 
Origins.
In 2008, the Ruby Roman grape debuted as a new variety of premium grapes in Japan. The new grape was named Ruby Roman via public referendum. Every grape is checked strictly to guarantee its quality, with certification seals placed on those thus selected. The Ruby Roman has strict rules for selling; each grape must be over 20g and over 18% sugar. In addition, a special "premium class" exists which requires the grape to be over 30g and where the entire fruit bunch must weigh at least 700g. In 2010, only six grapes qualified for premium status while in 2011, no grapes made the cut. 

</doc>
<doc id="18856114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856114" title="Integrated human studies">
Integrated human studies

Integrated human studies is an emerging educational field that equips people with knowledge and competencies across a range of disciplines to enable them to address the challenges facing human beings this century. It differs from other interdisciplinary educational initiatives in that its curriculum is purpose designed rather than simply an amalgamation of existing disciplines.
Kyoto University in Japan has offered a formal course in Integrated Human Studies since 1992 when it reorganised its College of Liberal Arts and Sciences and renamed it the Faculty of Integrated Human Studies. This was subsequently (in 2003) integrated with the Graduate School of Human and Environmental Studies to create the new Graduate School of Human and Environmental Studies.
The University of Western Australia established the Centre for Integrated Human Studies in early 2008. This centre brings together the sciences, social sciences, arts and humanities to focus on the nature and future of humankind. Its fundamental concern is to promote human wellbeing at an individual, local and global level within a sustainable environment.
Integration of disciplinary fields has arisen as a response to the “increasing specialisation of courses to meet the demands of technological progress, economic growth and vocational training” resulting in the development of ever narrower fields of study at tertiary level. Proponents of integrated human studies believe that a broader, interdisciplinary approach is needed to enable future decision-makers to grasp the complexities of the issues facing humankind in the 21st century and craft workable solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="18856117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856117" title="Peter Schneider (Zen priest)">
Peter Schneider (Zen priest)

Peter Schneider (born 1937) is a Sōtō Zen priest, founder of Beginner's Mind Zen Center, located in Northridge, California.
Biography.
Peter and Jane Schneider were early students of Shunryu Suzuki-roshi in the 1960s. Both served as Suzuki-roshi's jisha (personal attendant) in the early years of the Tassajara Zen Mountain Center. Peter and Jane also assisted in transcription of his dharma talks for later publishing. Following Suzuki-roshi’s death, they accepted scholarships from the San Francisco Zen Center to study Buddhism in Japan. They lived and studied in Japan from 1973 to 1995. They founded the Beginner’s Mind Zen Center (originally the Northridge Zen Center) in 2004.
Peter Schneider first studied with Shunryu Suzuki-roshi in 1962 and returned to continue in 1967. He served as the second director of Tassajara Zen Mountain Center, as well as president of the San Francisco Zen Center. Peter received priest ordination from Suzuki-roshi in 1970. In 2002 he received dharma transmission from Sojun Mel Weitsman-roshi of the Berkeley Zen Center. Peter is a member of the American Zen Teacher’s Association.
Jane Schneider studied with Shunryu Suzuki-roshi from 1967 until his death in 1971. She served as secretary for the San Francisco Zen Center. In 1973 Jane received priest ordination from Zentatsu Richard Baker-roshi. Currently she is studying with Myoan Grace Schireson, a dharma heir in the Suzuki-roshi tradition, in preparation for dharma transmission.

</doc>
<doc id="18856123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856123" title="Oliver Edmund Clubb">
Oliver Edmund Clubb

Oliver Edmund Clubb (16 February 1901 - 9 May 1989) was one of the China Hands of the United States State Department who was attacked by McCarthyism in the 1950s and blamed for "losing China" to the Communists.
After being forced out of the State Department, Clubb pursued a vigorous career in scholarly writing.
Clubb's Writings.
Clubb, O. Edmund. "Communism in China, as Reported from Hankow in 1932". New York,: Columbia University Press, 1968.
________. "China & Russia; The "Great Game"" Studies of the East Asian Institute, Columbia University. New York: Columbia University Press, 1971.
________. "The Witness and I". New York: Columbia University Press, 1974.
________. "20th Century China". 3d ed. New York: Columbia University Press, 1978.
Grand Rapids Press (Michigan) December 11, 1941: States O. Edmund Clubb, American Consul in Hanoi was arrested by the Japanese along with his clerk Iris Johnston.

</doc>
<doc id="18856152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856152" title="Herm Schneidman">
Herm Schneidman

Herman Schneidman (November 22, 1913 – August 12, 2008) was a professional American football player for the Green Bay Packers and the Chicago Cardinals.
College career.
Schneidman played collegiate football at the University of Iowa.
Professional career.
Green Bay Packers.
When Scheidman left the University of Iowa, he signed with the Green Bay Packers and played mainly Blocking back, the forerunner to a fullback, on offense. He played with the Packers from 1935 to 1939 and was a member of their 1936 and 1939 league titles. Schneidman played in 40 games for the Packers with 16 starts. He rushed 13 times for 37 yards during his career and caught seven passes for 119 yards and two touchdowns. Schneidman wore No. 4 during his first three seasons in Green Bay, a jersey later made famous by quarterback Brett Favre. Herm attempted to play for the Packers in 1940 but was released in training camp. 
Chicago Cardinals.
After being released by the Packers, Herm signed with the Chicago Cardinals and played for one more season before retiring and joining the Navy. 
Death.
Scheidman died on August 12, 2008 in Quincy, Illinois, at the age of 95.

</doc>
<doc id="18856153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856153" title="Khumujam Tombi Devi">
Khumujam Tombi Devi

Khumujam Tombi Devi is an Indian judoka, who represented her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She participated in the 48 kg category, but lost to Portugal's Ana Hormigo in the preliminary round.
See also.
She was also a good judoka

</doc>
<doc id="18856160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856160" title="Kansas City Bomber">
Kansas City Bomber

Kansas City Bomber is a 1972 American drama film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, directed by Jerrold Freedman and starring Raquel Welch.
Plot summary.
The film is an inside look at the world of co-ed Roller Derby, then a popular league sport.
The story focuses on K.C. Carr (Welch) who has just left her former team in Kansas City, Missouri to start her life as a single mother over again in Portland, Oregon with a team called the Portland Loggers. Loggers' owner Burt Henry (McCarthy) is clearly interested in her, and K.C. and Burt date. But Burt has a rather ruthless side to him: he trades away K.C.'s best friend on the team, and when he sees that star male skater "Horrible" Hank Hopkins is interested in her, he manipulates the audience into booing Hopkins, causing him to go crazy and lose his job. Henry's endgame is to set up a match race between K.C. and her teammate and rival Jackie Burdette (Kallianiotes), with K.C. deliberately losing so that she can join Henry at a new team he's setting up in Chicago. But K.C. doesn't trust Henry anymore (or his promises to let her bring her daughter along) and wins the match race.
Soundtrack.
The songwriter Phil Ochs wrote a song with the same title that was intended as title song for the film, but not used.
Awards and honors.
Helena Kallianiotes was nominated for a Golden Globe for "Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture"

</doc>
<doc id="18856167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856167" title="Plurality">
Plurality

Plurality can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18856170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856170" title="Hanley">
Hanley

Hanley may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18856179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856179" title="Peter Mannos">
Peter Mannos

Peter Mannos is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who played two seasons in the North American Soccer League, one in the American Soccer League and one in 
Major Indoor Soccer League. He was also a two-time first team All American goalkeeper.
Mannos attended Northern Illinois University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1972 to 1975. He was the 1974 and 1975 first team All American goalkeeper. NIU inducted Mannos into the school’s Athletic Hall of Fame in 1985. In 1976, he played six games for the San Antonio Thunder in the North American Soccer League. He transferred to the Dallas Tornado in 1977, seeing time in three games. In 1978, he began the season with the Tornado, but was released after playing no games. He then signed with the Indianapolis Daredevils of the American Soccer League. In the fall of 1978, he signed with the Pittsburgh Spirit of Major Indoor Soccer League. After two seasons, he moved to the Buffalo Stallions where he played only one game before retiring. In 2006, he was the director of marketing for Brooks Sports.

</doc>
<doc id="18856181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856181" title="Bruce Gilden">
Bruce Gilden

Bruce Gilden (born 1946) is a noted street photographer, known for his work in New York City.
Career.
While studying sociology at Penn State, he saw Michelangelo Antonioni's film "Blowup" in 1968. Influenced by the film, he purchased his first camera and began taking night classes in photography at the School of Visual Arts of New York. Fascinated with normal people on the street and the idea of visual spontaneity, Gilden turned to a career in photography. He routinely uses a flash, alerting his subjects to his presence, unlike most street photographers. His first major project was documenting the sensuality of the bodies of the people at Coney Island.
A member of Magnum Photos since 1998, he shot images of Japan's yakuza mobsters, the homeless, prostitutes, and members of bike gangs between 1995 and 2000. According to Gilden, he was fascinated by the duality and double lives of the individuals he photographed. Gilden is also the subject of "Misery Loves Company: The Life and Death of Bruce Gilden", a documentary produced in 2007. He has also photographed rural Ireland and horseracing there, as well as voodoo rituals in Haiti.
In 2013, Gilden became a Guggenheim Fellow.

</doc>
<doc id="18856187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856187" title="Exfoliatin">
Exfoliatin

Exfoliatin is a Staphylococcus aureus exotoxin that causes a blistering of the skin known as staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome.
Exfoliatins are glutamate-specific serine proteases highly specific to the cadherin desmoglein I, an adhesion protein in the desmosomes of the stratum granulosum that facilitates intracelluar adhesion between keratinocytes. The resulting vesicles are an intraepidermal clefts between the stratum corneum and stratum spinosum and is located above the basal cells (suprabasal). A very similar non-infectious condition is seen in the autoimmune skin disorder pemphigus vulgaris in which there is an IgG antibody against the cadherin desmoglein 3. 

</doc>
<doc id="18856218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856218" title="Corsedardar Hill">
Corsedardar Hill

Corsedardar Hill is a mountain landform in the Grampian Mountains of Aberdeenshire, Scotland. This hill is located in the Lower Deeside region within the historic district of Kincardineshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18856246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856246" title="Louis Campbell-Tipton">
Louis Campbell-Tipton

Louis Campbell-Tipton (1877–1921) was an American composer; a native of Chicago, Illinois, he was resident in Paris from 1901. He felt that the prospects for performance of large-scale American works in the United States were bleak, and claimed that he had never wished to sacrifice the energy needed to complete a large work. Even so, at his death a number of pieces for orchestra were found among his manuscripts, as were two operas. During his life he was known mainly for his chamber music; he also taught theory for a time in Chicago. One of his songs, "A Spirit Flower", was recorded by the Swedish tenor Jussi Bjorling.
References.
Amongst other compositions, he wrote the following tone poems:
1.) Beside the Sea. (Op.3 No.1).
2.) The Sea Shell. (Op.3 No.2).
3.) Confession. (Op.3. No.3).
4.) Summertide. (Op.3. No.4).
5.) Longing. (Op.3. No.5).
6.) Night Musings. (Op. 3. No. 6).

</doc>
<doc id="18856269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856269" title="Tom Carroll (infielder)">
Tom Carroll (infielder)

Thomas Edward Carroll (born September 17, 1936 in Jamaica, New York) is a former right-handed Major League Baseball shortstop/third baseman/pinch runner who played from 1955 to 1956 and in 1959 for the New York Yankees and Kansas City Athletics. He was tall and he weighed 186 pounds. He attended the University of Notre Dame.
Career.
Signed by the Yankees on January 26, 1955 as a bonus baby, Carroll appeared in his first big league game on May 7 of that year. He appeared in a total of 14 games in 1955, collecting two hits in six at-bats for a .333 average. In the World Series that season, he appeared in two games as a pinch-runner but did not get to bat. Carroll was the ninth youngest player in the league that season, and remains one of the youngest players ever to appear in a World Series. 
In 1956, Carroll was the 10th youngest player in the league at 19 years old. He appeared in 36 games that year, collecting six hits in 17 at-bats for a .353 average. For the Yankees' World Series victory over the Brooklyn Dodgers, Carroll was on the roster and in the dugout but did not play. He then spent the next couple of seasons in the minors.
On April 12, 1959, he was traded to the Athletics with Russ Snyder for Mike Baxes and Bob Martyn. He would appear in 14 games that season, hitting only .143 in seven at-bats. He played his final career game on June 14.
Overall, Carroll appeared in 64 games. In 30 at-bats, he hit .300 with 15 runs and one RBI. He had a career fielding percentage of .905.

</doc>
<doc id="18856281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856281" title="HLA A1-B8-DR3-DQ2">
HLA A1-B8-DR3-DQ2

HLA A1-B8-DR3-DQ2 haplotype (Also: "AH8.1", "COX", "Super B8", "ancestral MHC 8.1" or "8.1 ancestral haplotype") is a multigene haplotype that covers a majority of the human major histocompatibility complex on chromosome 6 (not to be confused with the HLA-DQ heterodimer DQ8.1). A multigene haplotype is set of inherited alleles covering several genes, or gene-alleles, common multigene haplotypes are generally the result of descent by common ancestry (share a recent common ancestor for that segment of the chromosome). Chromosomal recombination fragments multigene haplotypes as the distance to that ancestor increases in number of generations.
The haplotype can be written in an extended form covering the major histocompatibility loci as follows:
HLA A*0101 : Cw*0701 : B*0801 : DRB1*0301 : DQA1*0501 : DQB1*0201 or shorthand A1::DQ2
There are many other gene-alleles within the haplotype, including more than 250 coding loci that produce transcripts.
At 4.7 million nucleotides in length, A1::DQ2 is the second longest haplotype identified within the human genome. A1::DQ2 creates a conundrum for the evolutionary study of recombination. The length of the haplotype is remarkable because of the rapid rate of evolution at the HLA locus should degrade such long haplotypes. A1::DQ2's origin is difficult to trace, suggestions of a common ancestor in Iberia or Africa have been put forward. Although its place of origin is not certain there is agreement that bearers of the European AH8.1 bear a haplotype related by a common descent. A1::DQ2 is the most frequent haplotype of its length found in US Caucasians, ~15% carry this common haplotype.
Studies indicate that A1::DQ2 prominence is likely due to positive selection in the pre-Neolithic period and isolation in countries were wheat was not a prominent cereal. Outside of DR3-DQ2 with known associations to autoimmune disease, other factors within A1::DQ2 are believed to also contribute to autoimmune disease. Also a dozen inflammatory diseases of the immune system can attribute some risk to the haplotype. Some disease like coeliac disease primarily "associate" with certain genes. While other diseases, like type 1 diabetes may have several, highly different, genes that attribute risk. Still other diseases, like myasthenia gravis have undetermined linkage to the haplotype.
Recombination dynamics.
Each person has unique chromosomes, unless they are identical twins. These unique chromosomes are produced by recombination of each unique chromosome passed by each grandparent to each parent. These chromosome chimerize within the reproductive cells of each parent which are then passed to the developing person during fertilization. The recombination that creates these blended chromosomes occurs almost randomly along the length, 1 Morgan per generation. Within 100 generations in humans (about 2100 years in ancient times) one expects a few hundred of these 'blending' events to have occurred across a single chromosome, the average size is 1 centiMorgan (or 1 cM). The average length of these 'haplotypes' are about 1 million nucleotides.
Multigene haplotypes following standard dynamics only exist in robust populations for a short time, the average distance between genes of about 200,000 nts, which means that over 250 generations (~5000 years) one expects 1/2 of adjacent genes to have new gene-alleles, unless the genes are small and very close together. This dynamic can change if the population expands rapidly from a few individuals that lived in isolation as long as other haplotypes are maintained.
A1::DQ2 does not follow the expected dynamics. Other haplotypes exist in the region of Europe where this haplotype formed and expanded, some of these haplotypes also are ancestral and also are quite large. At 4.7 million nucleotides in length and ~300 genes the locus had resisted the effects of recombination, either as a consequence of recombination-obstruction within the DNA, as a consequence of repeated selection for the entire haplotype, or both.
Structure.
A1::DQ2 is 4,731,878 nucleotides in length. The haplotype begins before the locus approximately 28.8 million nucleotides from the telomere of chromosome 6's shorter arm. AH8.1 extends past the about 33.5 million nucleotides from the telomer. Marked deterioration occurs however after the DQB1 gene at 32.8 million nucleotides. A1::DQ2 is not the longest haplotype, but the longest, HLA A3-Cw7-B7-DR15-DQ6 (A3::DQ6), had already undergone significant recombination and is nearly equal in frequency to HLA A2-Cw7::DQ6 bearing version. In the US Caucasians, 57% of haplotypes with a core component, Cw7-B8, extend from HLA-A1 locus to DQ2 locus. This compares with 25%
of Cw7-B7 that extend to A3::DQ6 Of 25 potential genetic recombinants of A1::DQ2, none exceed 10% of the Cw*0702-B*0801 frequency. Two recombinants A24-Cw7~DQ2, A1::B8-DR1-DQ5 are notable. Thus, A1::DQ2 haplotype is both long and shows greater deficiency of recombination (called linkage disequilibrium).
Evolution.
The evolution of A1::DQ2 appears to be key to its structure. The haplotype, at 4.7 million nucleotide, exists in a population with other haplotypes which, when combined, exceed A1::DQ2 in frequency. Genetics of recombination in humans suggests that common haplotypes of this length that Cw7-B8 component should be in other haplotypes, Ax-Cw7::DQ2, A1-B8-DRx-DQx, or A1-B8-DR3-DQx (where Ax is not A1, DRx is not DR3, or DQx is not DQ2). For a haplotype of this length the process is fast, 50% loss of the complete haplotype within 500 years. And yet the haplotype is found largely intact in people who settled out of Europe hundreds of years ago.
Resistance to recombination.
A1::DQ2 is found in Iceland, Pomors of Northern Russia, the Serbians of Northern Slavic descent, Basque, and areas of Mexico where Basque settled in larger numbers. The haplotypes great abundance in the most isolated geographic region of Western Europe, Ireland, in Scandinavians and Swiss suggests that low abundance in France and Latinized Iberia are the result of displacements that took place after the Neolithic onset. This implies a founding presence in Europe that exceeds 8000 years. The SNP analysis of the haplotype suggests a potential founding affect of 20,000 years within Europe, though conflicts in interpreting this information are now apparent. The last possible point of a constriction forcing climate was the Younger Dryas before 11,500 calendar years ago, and so the haplotype has taken on various forms of the name, Ancestral European Haplotype, lately called Ancestral Haplotype A1-B8 (AH8.1). It is one of 4 that appear common to western Europeans and other Asians. Assuming that the haplotype frequency was 50% at the Younger Dryas and declined by 50% every 500 years the haplotypes should only be present below 0.1% in any European population. Therefore it exceeds the expected frequency for a founding haplotype by almost 100 fold.
Diet in Evolution.
Beyond frequent interpretations of this nature, little more is known as to why the haplotype has not undergone equilibration. The haplotype appears to be recombination resistant, it appears to also have been under positive selection relative to other haplotypes in Europe, although currently disease instances suggest cereal-based negative selection is acting. One possible explanation comes from the study of remains of the pre-Neolithic period. Given food selects the haplotype now, might food have also positively selected the haplotype in the past. During the early period of European settlement, what remains of coastal settlements suggests a high marine-based food calorie intake, and, in particular, shellfish. Marine carbon component of Western European diet has declined from the Mesolithic to present, however the haplotype has not undergone equilibration, therefore diet alone cannot explain its resistance to recombination.
Formation.
Of the haplotypes mentions above, A24-Cw*0702::DQ2 or A1::B8-DR1-DQ5, none appear to be ancestral to A1::DQ2. An A1::DQ2 appears in India, however its major antigen genes superficially resemble European A1-B8 and it appears to be a homoplastic recombinant from a common DR3-DQ2 ancestor, about 70,000 years ago. Components of the haplotype are found in Europe (Basque have two major haplotypes of DR3-DQ2) and A1-B8 of Indian origin is of very low frequency. In Morocco B8::DQ2, in the Western Sahara A1-B8 haplotype if found and also DQ2.5 is found in high frequency, but not as a single haplotype. In Kenya two slightly variant HLA-A and B alleles for an A1-B8 haplotype. One possibility is that peoples from central Asia or the Middle East migrated into Iberia as peoples from Africa crossed into Iberia from the south prior to the Neolithic, recombination occurred resulting in the haplotype, and bearers favorably expanded into Europe prior to the Holocene. Another possibility is that if formed in West Africa, but because it was less selective in African holocene relative to European holocene climate/culture, the haplotype underwent equilibration in N. Africa. One hypothesis supported by frequencies in Iberia and North Africa suggest that A1::DQ2 formed from A1::B8-DR7-DQ2 with DR3 bearing source. One possible source is the HLA Cw*1701 : B*4201 : DRB1*0302 (The most common haplotype in African Americans is an extended haplotype) However possible, it would require the introduction of a modified *0505 allele. In addition, the Indian/European branch of DQ2.5 is much older, thus it appears at least 2 major recombinant steps were required to form the haplotype, and after its formation evolution markedly slowed down.
Variants.
There is a variant of A1←→B8 found in India. This variant carries the different Cw*07 (Cw*0702 is a very ancient allele that differs from Cw*0701 of A1::DQ2). It bears C4A a different DRB3 allele as well as numbers of other differences. This variant likely evolved from A24 or A26-Cw*0702-B*0801-DR3-DQ2 that independently arrived and evolved in India.
Components.
Large haplotypes can be thought of as steps between adjacent loci. For example A1-Cw*0701, Cw*0701-B8, B8 to DR3, and DR3-DQ2 are each steps. Each step is a haplotype in its own right, however, the closer two loci are together, the longer it takes recombination to alter the step. Both Cw-B and DR-DQ are close together, A-Cw and B-DR are far apart. As a result components of a haplotype evolve at different paces.
A1-Cw7-B8.
Early studies of families across Europe recognized what most HLA associations had already shown, that there is an inherited (genetic) linkage between A1 and B1, this was extended to Cw7 locus.
And while the level of A-B linkage in general was nowhere near Cw-B linkage, the linkage between A1-Cw7-B8 was reasonably strong.
B8-DR3.
The region between and including B8 and DR3 bears a number of genes of interest in the study of human disease. Most important of which is the TNF (tumor necrosis factors) with 3 loci in the region. Starting from B8, immediately followed by the MICA and MICB which stand for MHC I-like chain A and B. These two functional class I molecules are expressed on intestinal interocytes and may have interest in autoimmune disease, they are variable, but the MICA mutants so-far found do not seem to correlate with autoimmune diseases of the GI tract.
HLA DR3-DQ2.
DR3-DQ2 is either a known or highly suspect factor in most autoimmune diseases that link to the A1::DQ2 haplotype.
Importance to Medicine.
In organ transplantion.
A1::DQ2 was at the forefront of histocompatibility science, A1 was the first numerical antigen HL-A1 identified in the late 1960s. HL-A8 the second refined B-serotype to be uncovered became HLA-B8. Because of the frequency of the haplotype, homozygotes are common, about 0.6% if the population, make it useful for making cell lines that can be used to test serotyping antibodies. As a result HLA-A1 and B8 produce some of the best serotyping antibodies. This aided in the proper identification of transplant matches prior to the era of PCR-gene testing.
In coeliac disease & dermatitis herpetiformis.
Prior to refined typing for HLA-DQ and DR, the association with HLA-A1 and B8 was identified for coeliac disease in 1973 and dermatitis herpetiformis in 1976 . Because of the haplotype it became possible to identify the genetic risk "even though disease causing genes, a DQ2 haplotype, was 1.3 million nucleotides away".
Aside from the highly studied link between DQ2.5 and coeliac disease, there are additional risk factors on the B8::DQ2 haplotype that increase risk of dermatitis herpetiformis in coeliac disease. The involvement of other A1::DQ2 gene-alleles in coeliac disease cannot be excluded, either. For example, MICA and MICB are mhc class 1 genes found expressed in the epithelium of the gut.
In insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.
In type 1 diabetes both DR3 and DQ2 appear to play a role. DR3-DQ2.5 can be established to other genes like TNF-305A (TNF2) which may also increase the risk of autoimmune disease in both Coeliac Disease and Type 1 diabetes. In systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients HLA DR3-DQ2.5-C4AQ0, which was strongly associated with SLE (odds ratio 2.8, 95% CI 1.7-4.5). A more recent paper shows that Inositol triphosphate receptor 3 gene which is ~ 1 million base pairs centromeric from DQ2.5 may also be associated with Type 1 diabetes. In addition the BAT1 and MICB variant is more common in type 1 diabetes when B8 is absent but DR3 is present These studies suggest multiple factors on B8::DQ2 that are possessed by other haplotypes also confer susceptibility to type 1 diabetes. Type 1 diabetes has a risk associated with coxsackie 4B virus, there is a potential for involvement of class I loci, particularly those expressed in the GI tract.
In myasthenia gravis.
In 1975, association with "HL-A1,8" (Current name: HLA A1-B8) was confirmed by serological typing of cells from myasthenics. However, in a larger sample the risk association was found closer to "HL-A8" (Current name: HLA-B8). This association later migrated to the "B8-DRw3" (Current: B8-DR3) region. There are two major DR3 haplotypes in Europe, A1::DQ2 and A30-B18-DR3-DQ2. Linkage with disease could more firmly be attributed to B8::DQ2 portion of A1::DQ2 relative to A30-B18::DQ2, indicating some involvement of other B8-DR3 gene-alleles in disease. The association of the B8::DQ2 region is primarily seen in females with age-relative thymic hyperplasia. Later the level of anti-acetylcholine receptor antibodies in disease were found to correlate with B8::DR3. Later it was found that both DQ2.5 and DQ2.2(A DQ haplotype of DR7-DQ2) were positively associated with disease. There remains controversy over whether DR3 or DQ2 confers primary susceptibility to myasthenia gravis. In some studies no association with either has been observed. To segregate disease groups have attempted to further define population to earliest onset (presumbably most susceptibility) and females. In these studies link with B8 was greater than DR3, so that susceptibility moves from class II to Class III or Class I loci. The association with class I would be unusual since T-helper mediated autoantibody production is characteristic of disease, whereas class I mediated cytotoxicity is not. MICA and MICB are intestinally expressed. There are many genes that lie on either side of HLA-B, TNF alpha is over expressed. Closer to DR3, C4A is null in B8-DR3 haplotype.
In autoimmune hepatitis.
In 1972, a link between "HLA A1,8" (current:HLA A1-B8) active chronic hepatitis, subsequently B8 better associated with autoimmune hepatitis. With the discovery of DR3, the linkage was extended to DR3 and subsequently to DQ2-DP4. While HLA A*0101, Cw*0701, and DPB1*0402 are linked to disease, the strongest association locates between B8 and DR3-DQ2, or the B8::DQ2 subregion. Other genes in the region, C4A-null and TNF may associated with autoimmune hepatitis
The appearance of anti-nuclear antibodies in autoimmune hepatitis was found to correlated with A1-B8-DR3. One of the problems with autoimmune hepatitis is there is an increased risk in coeliac disease. Primary biliary cirrhosis which often follows chronic active hepatitis is linked to "DRw3", DR3, gene. Celiac disease is often increased in autoimmune hepatitis and vice versa. Recent studies indicate a more insidious association between gluten sensitivity and autoimmune hepatitis. In one study 65% of patients with end stage autoimmune hepatitis had coeliac associated HLA-DQ (DQ2, DQ8), of these half had anti-transglutaminase antibodies, but few had endomysial antibody. This could indicate an association with subclinical enteropathy, or alternatively the result of chronic viral infection which is known to also elevate anti-tranglutaminase antibody. A German study found that risk was more associated with B8 than DQ2, these conflicting results indicate that there are at least two risk associations in the B8::DQ2 region.
In sarcoidosis.
Like these other studies a link between "HL-A1,8" eventually leads to susceptibility close to the DR-DQ locus, Sarcoidosis appears to link to HLA-DR3-DQ2.
In systemic lupus erythromatosus.
The "HL-A1,8 phenotype" was found to be associated with severe systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) (renal and central nervous system involvement) in Caucasian patients. Two-point haplotype analysis between TNFB(B*01 allele) and HLA show that the allele is in linkage disequilibrium with HLA-A1, Cw7, B8, C4A(Null), DR3, DQ2.5. The entire haplotype, A1-Cw7-B8-TNFB*1-C4A(Null)-DR3-DQ2, is increased in patients and the genetic susceptibility to SLE cannot be distinguished. Linkage could not be extended to HLA-DPB1 locus. Outside of Europe the DRB1*0301 and DR3-DQ2 loci have been linked to disease independently of A1::DQ2 haplotype. DR3 is found to correlate with anti-Ro/La antibodies in SLE.
In inclusion body myositis.
HLA-DR3 has been consistently observed at high frequencies in inclusion body myositis in caucasians. DR3 was found to correlate also with Jo-1 antiboidy presence.
Studies of sporadic inclusion body myositis indicate association with A1:DQ2 haplotype.
More recent studies indicate that risk lies solely between B8-DR3 region, this includes 3 class I genes, the class III gene region, and 2 class II genes.

</doc>
<doc id="18856291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856291" title="Jimmy Asprilla">
Jimmy Asprilla

Jimmy Asprilla is a Colombian football defender. He was born on June 1, 1980, in the city of Zarzal in the Valle Department of Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="18856299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856299" title="Timothy Mather Spelman">
Timothy Mather Spelman

Timothy Mather Spelman (January 21, 1891-August 21, 1970) was an American composer; born in Brooklyn, New York, he was for many years resident in Italy, dying at his villa just outside of Florence. He composed a fair amount of chamber music and some works for orchestra, as well as a number of operas. He also wrote many songs, mostly to texts by his wife, the poet Leolyn Spelman.
Spelman bequeathed his villa, and his papers, to The Johns Hopkins University; today the former is dedicated to the memory of Charles S. Singleton.
Spelman was descended from the same family as Cotton and Increase Mather.

</doc>
<doc id="18856300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856300" title="The Mother-Daughter Book Club">
The Mother-Daughter Book Club

The Mother-Daughter Book Club is a young adult novel written by Heather Vogel Frederick.
It was published in 2007 by Simon & Schuster. The book centers around the life of four very different girls who become best friends all because their mothers decided to start a book club. The series continues with four other novels: Much Ado About Anne, Dear Pen Pal, Pies and Prejudice, and Home for the Holidays. A new novel has been added, titled, Wish You Were Eyre, where the book club will start reading "Jane Eyre." The book was released on September 11, 2012.
Plot summary.
The book is divided between seasons, and the point of view from each girl.
Autumn.
Emma.
Emma starts it off with her point of view.
As she enters the school, her brother Darcy helps her find her classroom. She asks if her best friend, Jess, is there too, but she isn't, and Emma is disappointed by this. She enters the class and sits across from Megan, and next to Zach Norton, her crush. Emma explains that Darcy calls Megan, Becca, Ashley, and Jen "The Fab Four", which they think is so cute because they have a crush on both Darcy and Zach Norton.
When Emma gets home, she eats dinner with her family in their pink kitchen. She explains that her father does all the cooking, that her mother is a terrible cook and she can't even boil water. She also explains that her mother is "a Jane Austen freak" or an "Austen Nut" and that her mother named her and her brother after characters in her favorite novels (Emma after "Emma", and Darcy after "Pride and Prejudice"). Her mother tells her that she and a few mothers were talking at yoga class and that they decided to start a mother–daughter book club. Emma asks her mother who is going to be there but Mrs. Hawthorne refuses to tell her. That night Emma goes to the local library to have her first book club meeting.
Megan.
Megan texts her best friend Becca "that she and her mother are in a book club and that she hates it" during book club, and Emma peeks at her hopefully. Megan and Emma used to be best friends. Her mother tells her that starting the club will look good on her application to Colonial Academy, which Megan has no interest in, because she wants to be a fashion designer. She describes the future her mother wants for her and how frustrated she is that her mother does not approve of her dream.
Megan describes that she and her mother are 100% different and that her mother likes to help causes. Megan and her mother are driving to the library for the meeting. She sees Zach Norton (she, like Emma, has a crush on him), exits the car, and acts a little weird. She also sees Ethan MacDonald, and Third (his real name is Cranfield Bartlett III). She also sees Emma Hawthorne, whom she hates and in her mind she criticizes Emma's outfit, because she has no fashion sense. She and her mother; Emma, and Emma's mother enter the library. A few minutes later, in walks Cassidy Sloane with her mother (a former, world famous model), Clementine. Megan comments on how Cassidy doesn't look anything like her mother and how much of a tomboy she is. Also, Jess walks in and Megan talks about what a weirdo she is and how she and her friends call her "Goat Girl" because she lives on an organic farm with many goats. She also describes how Jess's mother "ran away" from home to go to New York to audition for a soap opera called "HeartBeats".Becca's mother enters the library and Megan states that no one likes Becca's mother. Becca's mother says that she's sorry that Megan couldn't come shopping with Becca, Ashley, and Jen and criticizes the book club.
Mrs. Hawthorne announces that the girls will be reading Little Women and the first book club meeting ends.
Cassidy.
Cassidy walks into her home after school and her mother greets her from the kitchen. Cassidy walks into the kitchen and sees her mother is making cupcakes for a Halloween party that her mother hosted without telling Cassidy first. Cassidy's mother asks her daughter what she thinks of the cupcakes and Cassidy says they look radioactive.
Meanwhile, her older sister, Courtney, confronts her and tells her that she should be nicer to their mother. Courtney says that she must be having a hard time since their father's death. Cassidy ignores Courtney's comments and heads off to the ice rink. Skating for an hour calms her down and she rides home.
After the book club meeting at her house, Cassidy goes downstairs to the Halloween party. She is wearing her hockey uniform, so nobody can see her face. She overhears Becca, Megan, Ashley, and Jen gossiping about how she is nothing like her mom or sister which makes her mad. She teams up with Emma, Jess, Zach, Ethan, and Third to pull a prank on Becca, Megan, Ashley and Jen. It is a fun success and chaos, but Cassidy ends up getting in trouble.
Jess.
Emma tries to convince Jess to try out for the school play, "Beauty and the Beast". Jess refuses because she is upset that her mother "ran away" to be an actress in a soap opera called "HeartBeats".
The girls watch the hockey try-outs, knowing no one except them knows that Cassidy is trying out for the boys' hockey team in disguise. Becca, Ashley, and Jen arrive and begin to make fun of Jess and Emma. Megan and Becca's mother appear with popcorn and soda. Emma's brother, Darcy, is trying out for the team, and so is Becca's brother, Stewart. 
Becca's mother scowls at Emma and Jess, being on their case since the Halloween prank. Cassidy got caught and is now grounded, but she didn't rat out Jess and Emma. Out of the blue, Becca grabs Emma's journal from her backpack and calls Zach Norton, Emma's crush, to come over and reads a poem out loud about that Emma wrote about him. Zach and Emma are both embarrassed. Emma rushes out of the stadium and Jess runs after her. The two come back to Emma's house and they bake cookies for the book club meeting.
Winter.
Cassidy.
Cassidy and her mother head to the middle school to pick up Jess from rehearsal. Jess got the part of Belle, but the Fab Four spreads rumors all around the school that the drama teacher gave her the part only because her mother ran away. They do this because they were cast as dancing silverware. Cassidy tells Jess to ignore them and Jess takes her advice.
Cassidy and her mother go see a shrink or as Cassidy's mother calls him, a "family counselor". Clementine thinks that Cassidy's attitude towards her and other people is very disrespectful, and decides to put herself and Cassidy in counseling.
The counselor talks to them both, saying that Clementine does not want Cassidy to play hockey because she is afraid that she will lose her daughter like she lost her husband. Cassidy says that she will compromise with Clementine by having a better attitude and not talking back. In return, Clementine will let Cassidy play hockey with the boys' team. They both agree by signing a contract that is not legally bound.
Cassidy, Emma, Jess, and Megan leave the school, on their way to Megan's house for book club. Mrs. Wong brings out vegetarian cookies which Cassidy hates.
Megan disappears and Mrs. Wong asks all the girls to look for Megan. They begin to search for Megan (Cassidy saying "It's hard to believe that only three people live here" because the Wongs' own a house that "looks like a museum"). They find Megan in her bedroom. Cassidy tells Megan to hurry up. Emma sees the old Barbie clothes that Megan made when she and Emma used to be friends. Megan is furious and snatches them away from her.
They all go into the living room and have their book club meeting and all discussing their future careers. Mrs. Wong disagrees with Megan's chosen career as a fashion designer. Cassidy's mother still does not like the idea of Cassidy becoming a pro hockey player one day. Emma wants to become a writer and Jess wants to become a veterinarian. All of the mothers chip in for a Christmas Party and they should all dress up like the characters from "Little Women". Cassidy says that she does not want to wear a dress, but Clementine pulls the contract out and immediately Cassidy is forced to agree.
Emma.
It is snowing hard outside and Mrs. Hawthorne plans to cancel the Christmas party because of the roads being blocked. Never fear! Jess's father later comes by in a carriage drawn by his two horses, Led and Zep (which he named after Led Zeppelin). They pick up the Wongs and sing Christmas songs all the way to the Sloane's house. The girls all dress up in fancy dresses (Cassidy wears sweatpants under hers) and they talk about who they are supposed to be. They all receive presents from Mrs. Delaney
and Emma has Megan decorate a dress for her paper doll she received. She sees a true smile on Megan's face and starts thinking she might get her old friend back for Christmas, however her mother ruins this by suggesting that Megan design a dress for Jess to wear for the play. Still envious that Jess got the part she wanted, Megan turns back into her old self again.
Jess.
It is almost time for the play and Jess becomes nervous. She stays in her room and talks to her mother who is on TV even though she can't hear her. Jess is upset that her mother could not be at her performance and wonders if her mother ever gets nervous when she is about to perform. After dinner at the Hawthorne's, Jess goes to school to prep for the play. Mrs. Sloane fixes her hair and makeup and Zach Norton, who plays Beast, gives her a red rose. The Fab Four whisper and call her "Goat Girl". On stage, Jess shines as she performs and loses all stage fright that she had before. In the middle of the show however, Jess's pet goat Sundance is let loose on the stage. This destroys the entire scene. Sundance runs away scared until Darcy catches her and hands her to Jess. They restart the scene afterwards, and Darcy and Jess's dad put Sundance back into her crate.
Megan.
Megan is mad that she got into so much trouble for helping Becca with the goat stunt. She thinks that it was a silly prank and is angry that Zach is barely talking to her. The book club has an emergency meeting and decides that new rules should be made. All the girls sign a contract stating the new rules. They decide not to kick Megan out as long as she makes it up to Jess. They decide that Megan can design a dress for Jess to wear to the Spring Fling Dance. By the end of the chapter, Megan realizes that she really does miss Emma and wants to have a better friendship with the other girls. They all celebrate by eating pie. Becca texts Megan but Megan decides not to answer her phone.
Spring.
Cassidy.
Cassidy's team, the Concord Comets, are competing for the championship title against the Minutemen. Cassidy scores a point and ties up the game. After her water break, she is ready to win the game but ends up getting boarded by a Minuteman defenseman. Cassidy says she heard the coach telling the Minuteman to hurt her. Mrs. Sloane starts being "Queen Clementine" as Cassidy calls her,and ends up threatening the coach of the Minuteman in front of everybody and the Minuteman is out for the rest of the game. With only thirty seconds to go, Cassidy scores the final goal, and the Comets win the game. Cassidy sees the whole mother- daughter book club cheering for her, and her mother, who previously had been hiding her face because she was scared, is standing and cheering too. The chapter ends with the Comets winning and everyone cheering for Cassidy.
Emma.
Emma has a sleepover with Jess, Cassidy, and Megan. She says that Megan is still with the Fab Four but that they had started including her more ever since she apologized to Jess. The girls go to the Patriot's Day parade which is a historical event in Concord filled with a special breakfast and a Revolutionary War reenactment. At the breakfast, Jess's twin brothers, Ryan and Dylan bother Becca's older bother Stewart and make fun of him for being a redcoat. Becca yells at them and ends up pushing them. This makes Jess angry and she confronts Becca and tells her to leave her brothers alone. This surprise everyone since Jess is so quiet, and Cassidy and Emma back her up. Ashley and Jen back Becca up but Megan stays in the middle. Becca makes her choose and without hesitation Megan choose Emma's group. She throws her pancakes on Becca getting syrup in her hair. Everyone ends up in a food fight and the four girls laugh all the way back to Emma's house where they watch the parade.
Megan.
The girls go to Cassidy's house to get ready for the Spring dance. Megan makes Jess and herself a dress. Jess's mother sends them "goodies" that the cast of her TV show use. They all come downstairs in their outfits. Cassidy is wearing her sister's old dress decorated with roses. Megan's dress is ice blue and Jess's is a pretty pink. Emma is wearing a yellow dress which used to be Nicole Patterson's. She becomes upset since her dress is too formal for the dance. Megan improvises by fixing the sleeves and changing the length. This makes Emma happy again and everyone compliments Megan's talent at designing. At the dance, Zach Norton calls Jess "Beauty" (because of the play) and asks her to dance. This makes Emma jealous and she runs out of the gym, crying. Megan and Cassidy cheer her up and Jess tells Emma that she doesn't like Zach, but admits that she's liked Emma's brother Darcy ever since kindergarten. Cassidy tells Emma that Zach only likes Jess as a friend and that he is comfortable around her which is why he asked her to dance. They all go back to the gym. Cassidy dances with Zach, Jess with Ethan, Megan with Darcy, and Emma with Third.
The girls don't end up with the partner they each hoped for, but have a good time anyway.
Jess.
For the very first time, the mother- daughter book club is being held at Jess's home, Half Moon Farm. Jess watches her mom on TV and then spends some time in her "secret hiding place". When the book club starts, her dad ends up embarrassing her by almost having her and her friends dance the "Dance of the Maypole Maidens". Everyone tries not to laugh, and her dad is surprised since he read about the dance in a magazine. Jess becomes upset and goes to her room, fuming about how her family is weird. Emma, Cassidy, and Megan all come upstairs and comfort her. Emma tells Jess that all parents humiliate their kids. Cassidy tells Jess people always point and stare since her mom is a supermodel and she doesn't look like her at all. Megan reminds Jess of the vegetarian cookies her mom served at the book club meeting. This makes Jess feel better and they all end up laughing about it. Mr. Delaney comes and talks to Jess and explains how he is having a hard time raising the kids while their mother is away. He apologizes and they go back downstairs to finish the book club meeting.
Emma.
It is the last day of school and it is Emma's birthday. A party is held at Megan's house. All the girls give her gifts. Megan gives Emma a mood pillow that she made. Cassidy gives her a fountain pen that uses real ink that was apparently her "mom's idea". Her parents give her a whole new set of poetry books, and Jess and Mr. Delaney give her a rhyming dictionary. Jess's mom sends the whole book club first class train tickets to visit her in New York. While in New York, the book club gets to go to Yankees game, a Broadway showing of Little Women, and stay at a fancy hotel. The mothers start a conga line and the girls dance with them around the living room!
Megan.
The girls are at the train station on their way to New York. They run into Mrs. Chadwick and Becca. Mrs. Chadwick is not impressed with their book club. After shopping in New York, Mrs. Sloane runs into Wolfgang, a photographer for Flash magazine that she used to model for. Megan ends up showing Wolfgang her designs. He is impressed and tells Megan that they are creating a spin off magazine for teenagers called Flashlite and asks her mom if Megan can design clothes for it. Surprisingly, Mrs. Wong agrees. Back at the hotel, Mrs. Sloane announces that she is starting her own TV show called "Cooking with Clementine" and that she will film it at her own house so the family won't have to move again. The girls and their moms have a pillow fight and then call for room service and eat ice cream sundaes to celebrate all the good news.
Cassidy.
The girls are on the set of HeartBeats, where they have a special lunch. They get to watch a taping of an episode. Emma suggests changing a line in the script and the director tells her he will put her name on the credits for helping write the episode. Cassidy overhears Jess's mother telling her she cannot return to Half Moon Farm yet since this is the only chance of a career she has left. This makes Jess upset. Cassidy comforts Jess. The girls all go to the Broadway showing of Little Women. The chapter ends with Cassidy feeling sorry for Jess since her mother chose to not come home.
Jess.
The Mother Daughter book club have a surprise picnic at the Orchard House. After having a tour of Louisa May Alcott's home, everybody eats and then sets up for a game of croquet. Jess's dog, Sugar, smells something and Jess sees Spice, her other dog that her mother took to New York with her. Jess sees her mother and runs to her. She tells Jess she quit her job on HeartBeats and says that her love of her family is greater than her love of acting and that she will work something else out. The book ends with the Delaney family hugging and everyone else watching happily.
The Daughters.
Rebecca 'Becca' Louise Chadwick Referred as a 'queen bee' in the first two books, Becca later becomes a member of the Book club. Initially, she is unhappy about it, but soon adjusts and becomes friends with the girls, who also accept Becca. Her best friend in the group is Megan. She is crazy about clothes, shopping and boys, and finds her brother Stewart quiet annoying at times. She had blonde hair and light blue eyes. She liked Zach Norton, but in "Wish You Were Eyre", she finds a boy for herself named Theodore.
The Mothers.
Calliope Chadwick Becca's mother who joins the book club a little later. She has a particularly large bottom, and is enraged in"Pies And Prejudice" when Emma's father creates a character in his novel based on her, describing the character(Hepzibah Plunkett) as having a rear like a "defiant lady-in-waiting'. In the third book, she goes through a phase in which she dresses up in a comical manner. In the fourth book, she develops an interest in landscaping.
Other Family Members.
But in the fourth book, "Pies and Prejudice", he writes a story and it is published, but when Calliope Chadwick reads it she is furious about Nick's writing.-
Friends and Acquaintances.
Tristan Berkeley Tristan is mentioned in the fourth book, when his family in England and Emma's family swap homes for a year. He is tall, dark and good-looking, but also quiet rude at first. He often wears Spandex suits, becoming the object of Megan's blog. He is into ice-dancing, much to the amusement of Cassidy. At first, he and Cassidy hate each other, but later, as they perform together, they develop feelings for each other, and eventually fall in love.
Simon Berkeley Tristan's younger brother, Simon is friendly and polite, and is much liked by everyone around him, particularly Megan. He holds his older brother Tristan in high regard. He develops feelings toward Megan, but is disappointed when he finds out that she was the one who made fun of Tristan online. He breaks up with Megan in "Home for the holidays" though an e-mail, but gets back to her later on.
Annabelle Fairfax Mentioned to be a distant cousin of the Berkeleyes, Annabelle is a queen bee whom Emma meets in Knightley-Martin school in England. She is also into into ice-dancing, and despises Cassidy for spending time with Tristan, on whom she has a crush. Her friends at school have nicknamed her "Tinker Bell", but the book club girls call her "Stinkerbelle". Emma also trains Toby, the Berkeley's parrot, to say "Stinkerbelle" when he sees Annabelle, which lands her in trouble. Emma writes a funny story about her in the Knightley-Martin magazine titled 'Stinkerbelle the bad fairy'. She is mentioned to have dark hair and blue eyes. At a Christmas party, she tricks Emma into kissing Rupert Loomis, a gawky boy, under the mistletoe, and snaps a picture of them and sends it to Stewart, causing him to break up with Emma for a short while. She also prints posters of the picture and plasters it all over the school, embarrassing Emma.
Rupert Loomis A tall, clumsy boy who is Emma's neighbor in England, Rupert is a rather clammy, weird person. He has a deep voice, and may have feelings for Emma at first. Emma and her father love to make fun of him behind his back, but Emma's mother disapproves it. He is rather surprised when Emma tells him that according to her, Lucy Woodhouse, a friend of theirs in England, may have feelings for him.
Lucy Woodhouse A friendly, cheerful girl with strawberry-blond curls, Lucy is a friend of Emma's and Rupert's. She feels rather sorry for Rupert, and is extremely patient with him. Emma feels that she may have feelings for him. Lucy, Rupert and Emma go to school together in a double-decker bus.

</doc>
<doc id="18856307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856307" title="Shaver Falls">
Shaver Falls

Shaver Falls is an 11 metre high complex ribbon cascade waterfall found on the "Iroquoia Heights Conservation Area" property in Ancaster, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Dundas Valley Conservation Area, The Hermitage, Fieldcote Memorial Park & Museum, Royal Botanical Gardens, Dundurn Castle, Crooks Hollow Conservation Area, Christie Lake Conservation Area, Tiffany Falls, Iroquoia Heights Conservation Area.
Directions.
From Highway 403 take the Lincoln M. Alexander Parkway exit and keep to the right to merge onto "Rousseaux Street". At the "T" intersection turn right onto Wilson Street East. Park at Tiffany Falls Conservation Area and follow the Bruce Trail to the east. Follow Ancaster Creek upstream to the base of the waterfall.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18856317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856317" title="Beardmore W.B.IV">
Beardmore W.B.IV

The Beardmore W.B.IV was a British single-engine biplane ship-based fighter of World War I developed by Beardmore. Only one was built.
Development and design.
The W.B.IV was designed to meet Admiralty Specification N.1A for a naval land- or ship-based fighter aircraft. The design was dominated by the demands for the aircraft to be able to be safely ditching and remain afloat. A large permanent flotation chamber was built into the fuselage under the nose and the pilot was in a watertight cockpit. The propeller shaft ran underneath the cockpit from the Hispano-Suiza V-8 engine which was over the centre of gravity of the aircraft. The entire undercarriage could be released from the plane for water landings. The wing tips were fitted with additional floats, while the aircraft's two-bay wings could fold for storage on board ship.
The single prototype first flew at Beardmore's Dalmuir factory on 12 December 1917, being delivered for evaluation at Martlesham Heath in July 1918. The W.B.IV had poorer performance than the much simpler and smaller shipborne version of the Sopwith Camel and was not developed further. The sole prototype was lost when it sank during ditching.

</doc>
<doc id="18856318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856318" title="Daisy Dick">
Daisy Dick

Catherine Mary "Daisy" Dick (born 29 March 1972 in Oxford) is a British three-day eventing rider. With her horse Spring Along, she won the bronze medal for Great Britain in the team eventing at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She studied at Worcester College, Oxford.
In October 2009 she married Charles Berkeley, scion of Berkeley Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="18856319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856319" title="Sharon Hunt">
Sharon Hunt

Sharon Ann Hunt (born 11 October 1977 in Bury St Edmunds) is a British three-day eventing rider. 
Hunt was educated at Culford School and the Perse School for Girls. With her horse Tankers Town, she was fifth at badminton horse trials then she won the bronze medal for Great Britain in the team eventing at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. 
In the spring of 2006 Hunt was 6th at badminton horse trials with Tankers Town. This gained her a place as an individual at the World Equestrian Games, in Aachen, Germany, where she finished 9th. 
In June 2010, Sharon Hunt and Tankers Town win the 2010 Luhmühlen Horse Trials (CCI 4*).

</doc>
<doc id="18856350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856350" title="Hawramanejavan">
Hawramanejavan

HawramaneJavan is a NGO which concerns Hewrami people in Tehran.
See also.
http://www.hawramanejavan.com
http://hawramanejavan.blogfa.com

</doc>
<doc id="18856353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856353" title="Really Likable People">
Really Likable People

Really Likeable People was an idea formed by Tom DeLonge and Mark Hoppus of Blink 182. RLP was intended to be a collection of companies whose purpose was to support up and coming artists. The aforementioned companies includes Loserkids.com, Atticus Clothing, and Macbeth Footwear.

</doc>
<doc id="18856365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856365" title="Unholy Rollers">
Unholy Rollers

Unholy Rollers is a 1972 American action comedy film directed by Vernon Zimmerman and starring Claudia Jennings.

</doc>
<doc id="18856370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856370" title="Balinger">
Balinger

A balinger, or ballinger was a type of small, sea-going vessel in use in the 15th and 16th centuries. They were distinguished by their lack of a forecastle, and by carrying either a square sail, or a sail extended on a sprit on a single mast. They were generally less than 100 tons, with a shallow draught, and the earlier vessels at least carried 30 or more oars for use in sheltered areas or for close fighting. They were mainly used for coastal trade, but could also be used as transports, carrying around forty soldiers. A number were employed in the early Royal Navy for this purpose.
A statute of 1441 referring to pirate raids on the south coast of England contained a request from the House of Commons of England asking King Henry VI to provideeight ships with four stages, carrying one with the other 150 men each. Every great ship was to have in its company a barge, with 80 men, and a ballinger, with 40; and there were also to be four pinnances, with twenty-five men in each.
An even earlier reference comes in July 1387, when merchants William Terry, John Tutbury and Peter Stellar of Hull, and Walter Were of Grimsby were reported to have equipped a ship, ballinger and barge at their own expense to arm themselves 'against the king's enemies'.
A yet earlier reference appears in the Calendar of Patent Rolls for December 1374, when Thomas Rede, master, and the quartermasters and constable of the ballinger of Fulston were (with others) to be arrested by the constable of Dover Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="18856371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856371" title="Hiromi Tsunakake">
Hiromi Tsunakake


</doc>
<doc id="18856376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856376" title="Barry Houston">
Barry Houston

Todd Passmore is a semi-retired American professional wrestler, known by his ringname Barry Houston, who has competed in North American independent promotions including Music City Wrestling, the National Wrestling Alliance and World Championship Wrestling. He was also part of third incarnation of The Black Harts teaming with David Heath in IWA Japan during the mid-1990s.
Career.
In early 1994, he began appearing in World Championship Wrestling losing to Terry Funk and Bunkhouse Buck in a tag team match with Erik Watts during "WCW Worldwide" on May 17 and the following week on "WCW Saturday Night", teamed with Todd Morton to lose to Pretty Wonderful (Paul Orndorff and Paul Roma) on May 24 after being pinned by Roma. He also lost to Harlem Heat in several matches with Watts, Morton, Brian Armstrong and Buddy Wayne during the next few weeks.
On April 4, 1995, Houston lost to "Mr. Wonderful" Paul Orndorff on "WCW Saturday Night" in Atlanta, Georgia; during the match, Orndorff appeared to have a black eye as a result of the backstage fight between Orndorff and Big Van Vader earlier that night. Teaming with Frankie Lancaster, the two lost to Colonel Parker's Stud Stable (Bunkhouse Buck and "Dirty" Dick Slater) a dark match at the Great American Bash held at the Hara Arena in Dayton, Ohio on June 18, 1995. During the next several months, he would become a regular on "WCW Saturday Night" facing Al Snow, Kamala, The Blacktop Bully, Meng, Kevin Sullivan and Mr. JL in single matches before teaming with Frankie Lancaster and Mark Starr in a 6-man tag team match against The Four Horsemen (Brian Pillman, Arn Anderson and "Nature Boy" Ric Flair) on Monday Night Nitro on October 30, 1995.
After losing to V.K. Wallstreet on November 25, Passmore left WCW the next year and began teaming with David Heath as The Black Harts replacing Tom Nash as Heath's regular tag team partner. Managed by Luna Vachon, Passmore and Heath had a successful run as a "gaijin" tag team with IWA Japan eventually touring with Heath four more times between June 1996 and May 1997. Houston was praised by wrestler Mick Foley after seeing him at Korakuen Hall in Tokyo on June 4, 1996. The two split after Heath began wrestling for All Japan Pro Wrestling and later for the World Wrestling Federation the following year. On December 27, 1997, Houston himself received a tryout match for the WWF facing Tom Brandi on "Shotgun Saturday Night".
Briefly returning to WCW, Houston competed in the cruiserweight division against La Parka, Super Calo, El Dandy, Norman Smiley and WCW Cruiserweight Champion Chris Jericho before again training under Dory Funk, Jr. at the WWF Dojo later during the year. On October 24, 1998, Houston appeared at the NWA 50th Anniversary show in Cherry Hill, New Jersey participating in a 14-man battle royal along with other students of the WWF Dojo including Devon Storm, Steve Corino, Giant Silva, Christopher Daniels, Babu, Teddy Hart, Shawn Stasiak, Glenn Kulka, Andrew Martin, Kurt Angle, Tom Prichard, Tiger Ali Singh and "Dr. Death" Steve Williams who eventually won the battle royal.
In early 2000, he began competing in NWA Worldwide teaming with The Colorado Kid to defeat Big Bully Douglas and Rick Cornell on February 5 as well as single matches against Tony Falk and Basket Case that same month. He later teamed with Sean O'Hare against Rick Cornell & Alan Funk as well as wrestling against Slash and Chris Champion during the year.
Continuing to wrestle with the National Wrestling Alliance throughout the country, he soon became a mainstay in the Tennessee-area winning the vacant NWA Nashville Television Championship in a three-way dance with Big Bully Douglas and Chris Gatlin on April 20, 2001. He also appeared in USA Wrestling defeating Outlaw Lover on August 18. He later lost to Bart Sawyer in a fan participation strap match for a NWA USA event in Nashville, Tennessee on November 11.
Appearing at an event for Tony Falk's USWO, he lost to Jarell by disqualification in Madison, Tennessee on May 23, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18856381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856381" title="Heroes of the Fiery Cross">
Heroes of the Fiery Cross

Heroes of the Fiery Cross is a book published in 1928 by Protestant Bishop Alma Bridwell White in which she "sounds the alarm about imagined threats to Protestant Americans from Catholics and Jews", according to conspiracy author Peter Knight. In the book she asks rhetorically, "Who are the enemies of the Klan? They are the bootleggers, law-breakers, corrupt politicians, weak-kneed Protestant church members, white slavers, toe-kissers, wafer-worshippers, and every spineless character who takes the path of least resistance." She also argued that Catholics were removing the Bible from public schools. Another topic was her anti-Catholic stance to the United States presidential election of 1928 with Catholic Al Smith running for president.
History.
She was the author of more than 35 books published by the Pillar of Fire Church. In her writings and sermons her political views consisted of a mixture of women's equality, anti-catholicism, antisemitism, racism, nativism and white supremacy. The book is a compendium of essays written by Bishop White and of illustrations by Reverend Branford Clarke that were originally published in the pro-Ku Klux Klan political periodical "The Good Citizen", one of the numerous periodicals published by the Pillar of Fire Church at their communal headquarters in Zarephath, New Jersey. 
The book contains an introductory letter of commendation from Hiram Wesley Evans, the then Imperial Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan. "Heroes" is the final work in a series of three books Bishop White published to promote the Klan. The other books were "The Ku Klux Klan In Prophecy" in 1925, and "", in 1926. Bishop White republished her Klan books as a three volume set in 1943, three years before her death and 21 years after her initial association with the Klan, under the title "Guardians of Liberty".
The book include essays with titles such as "Roman Catholic-Hebrew Alliance"; "Mussolini, Rome, and Reds"; and "Immigration and White Supremacy".
White supremacy.
Alma White emphatically expresses her sympathy for former slaveowners since they were not compensated for their loss of "property" following the American Civil War. She expresses her fear and distress toward ongoing racial mixing and uses biblical citations as divine justification for white supremacy.
The slave-holder, in many instances, was as much to be pitied as the slaves, but the Northerners could not see this. He (the slave-holder), too, was a victim of the system, often having inherited slaves along with his plantation. Where the slaves were well treated they were happy and contented, and their owners found consolation in this, using it as an argument in support of the institution. But some radicals could never see this side of the question. They dwelt continually on the cruelties of a few hard taskmasters and ignored the good people who had the welfare of their dependents at heart. It was hard for the Southerners to be reconciled to this spirit so widely manifested in the North. No matter what the better class of slave-owners might do, they had to bear the stigma and cruelty with the worst of tyrants...
A strong attachment as a rule existed between the negro servants and their masters which could not be easily broken. When it came time to taking away a colored "Mammy" who had brought up the children of her white master, even nursing them at her own breast in an extremity, here was more involved than a Northerner could readily comprehend. This aspect of slavery was never taken into serious consideration by hot-headed Abolitionists who tried to foment war and bring about disunion...
White supremacy is an issue of great importance. If some of the colored people are not curbed in their ambition to mix their blood with that of the white race, it will not be long until there will be no such thing as definite racial lines. The Negroes are going north and settling indiscriminately among the whites. Property values are being depreciated by this influx of colored immigration. But little sympathy was shown the South when a race of colored slaves was liberated among them. The North had no conception of what it meant for the white people of the South to preserve the color and racial lines, considering the fact that in some places the population was about equally divided, and there was no cooperation from the North to be had in the struggle...
The Book of Genesis, in its account of Shem, Ham, and Japheth, sons of Noah, teaches the supremacy of the white race. Ham saw the nakedness of his father, but made no effort to cover him, and a curse was pronounced upon him and his posterity. Noah awoke from his wine and said, "Cursed be Canaan a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren." "Blessed be the Lord of God of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant." "God shall enlarge Japheth [the white race, and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant" (Gen. 9:25-27). This edict was imposed by a wise and just God, and should not work a hardship on the black race. It cannot be otherwise than it should be for their good. Until the curse is lifted from the human race, the very best position that the sons of Ham could be placed in is that of servants (not slaves), thus establishing white supremacy as foretold more than four thousand years ago...

</doc>
<doc id="18856386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856386" title="Erhardt v. Boaro, (113 U.S. 537)">
Erhardt v. Boaro, (113 U.S. 537)

Erhardt v. Boaro, , was a suit in equity ancillary to the action for the possession of the Erhardt v. Boaro, (113 U.S. 527) mining claim the court had just decided. It is brought to restrain the commission of waste by the defendants pending the action.
The bill set forth the discovery by Thomas Carroll for valuable deposits of mineral on vacant unoccupied land of the United States, of the outcrop of a vein or lode of quartz and other rock bearing gold and silver in valuable and paying quantities, the posting by him in his name and that of the plaintiff at the point of discovery, of a notice that they claimed 1,500 feet on the lode, the intrusion of the defendants upon the claim, their ousting the locators, and other facts which are detailed by the record in the case decided, and the commencement of the action at law. It also alleges that the defendants were working the claim, and had extracted from it 150 tons, or thereabouts, of ore, containing gold and silver of the value of $25,000, and that about 100 tons remain in their possession on the premises. The bill prays for a writ of injunction restraining the defendants from mining on the claim or extracting ore therefrom or removing any ore already extracted until the final determination of the action at law. The principal facts stated in the bill are supported by affidavits of third parties. The court granted a preliminary injunction, but, after the trial of the action at law, judgment being rendered therein in favor of the defendants, it dissolved the injunction and dismissed the bill. From the decree of the court the case was brought here by appeal.
It was formerly the doctrine of equity in cases of alleged trespass on land not to restrain the use and enjoyment of the premises by the defendant when the title was in dispute, but to leave the complaining party to his remedy at law. A controversy as to the title was deemed sufficient to exclude the jurisdiction of the court. In Pillsworth v. Hopton, 6 Ves. 51, which was before Lord Eldon in 1801, he is reported to have said that he remembered being told in early life from the bench
"that if the plaintiff filed a bill for an account and an injunction to restrain waste, stating that the defendant claimed by a title adverse to his, he stated himself out of court as to the injunction."
It is common practice in cases where irremediable mischief is being done or threatened going to the destruction of the substance of the estate, such as the extracting of ores from a mine or the cutting down of timber or the removal of coal, to issue an injunction though the title to the premises be in litigation. The authority of the court is exercised in such cases, through its preventive writ, to preserve the property from destruction pending legal proceedings for the determination of the title. Jerome v. Ross, 7 Johns.Ch. 315, 332; Le Roy v. Wright, 4 Sawyer 530, 535.
As the judgment in the action at law in favor of the defendants has been reversed and a new trial ordered, the reason which originally existed for the injunction continues.
The decree of the court below was therefore reversed and the cause remanded with directions to restore the injunction until the final determination of that action, and it was so ordered.

</doc>
<doc id="18856406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856406" title="Wakwella Bridge">
Wakwella Bridge

Wakwella Bridge is a bridge situated in Galle District near Thelikada. It is around 500 feet long and crosses the Gin River. Built on the Gin Ganga Dam, the bridge links the villages of Kudagoda and Gonapura. 

</doc>
<doc id="18856437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856437" title="Overlord II">
Overlord II

Overlord II is a 2009 third-person action-adventure game and sequel to the 2007 video game "Overlord", developed by Triumph Studios and published by Codemasters for Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3. All versions were released in North America on June 23, 2009, then later in Europe on June 26 and Australia on July 9, 2009, alongside two spin-offs; ' and ' for the Wii and the Nintendo DS respectively.
Continuing the style of the series, the game is set in a fantasy realm where players take the role of the Overlord, a mysterious warrior whose goal is to destroy or conquer the land by commanding hordes of small creatures known as "Minions". The story directly follows the events of the first "Overlord" game, with the succeeding Overlord rising to power opposing a Roman-styled military power known as the "Glorious Empire". The story was written by Rhianna Pratchett and maintains a satirical tone and dark humor towards the fantasy setting and genre.
Gameplay.
The core gameplay from the previous "Overlord" game remains intact in the sequel, with the player controlling the "Overlord" character in a third-person perspective who has command over hordes of small goblin-like creatures known as minions to travel the landscape and defeat various civilizations with the Roman-style "Glorious Empire" being the prime foe. Initially only the brown minions are available but eventually the Overlord will regain command of the others that are essential in overcoming obstacles that obstruct further progression of the story. With up to four kinds, each minion type is suited for different purposes such as browns for fighting and blues for healing fallen minions.
While the Overlord himself can also fight in combat with various weapons and armor types that gradually become available and the ability to cast spells to either help minions or hinder opponents, the majority of tasks are performed by the minion hordes. While minions retain many abilities including using scattered items as weaponry and armor, carry large objects in a group, turning cranks and finding treasure, minions can now also operate siege weapons, ships/boats and other war machines and, once captured, can mount and ride wild animals to help in combat and overcome obstacles. The Overlord also has the ability to occasionally take direct control over the current strongest minion to lead the rest through the use of the "Possession Stone".
The Overlord and his minions reside in a dark tower in a dimension known as the "Netherworld", where the Overlord builds up his minion forces by harvesting life-force from fallen creatures that, when gathered, can be brought back into the real world as a minion by summoning them through Minion Gates scattered across the landscape and through the Overlord himself in the less common Netherworld Gates. Treasure accumulated over time can also be spent on upgrades for the tower, whether they’re upgrades for gameplay or just decorative, along with large contraptions and magical objects that the minions can be ordered to return to gates, thus the tower. The choice system returns once more in "Overlord II", where at certain points during quests that can be taken providing two paths; the Destruction Overlord that focuses on destroying towns and killing all in his path and the Domination Overlord that rather focuses on enslaving defeated foes or neutral parties to worship and work for him. The choice themselves not only affect the story and interactive with NPCs, but can alter the look of the Overlord and allow certain powers to become available. Other choices such as choosing a mistress now allow the Overlord to have multiple mistresses and can (re)designate any to be the primary mistress at any time.
Besides the single-player campaign, players can play various multiplayer modes online and local, both competitive and cooperative. Competitive modes includes Dominate, where rival player Overlords attempt to capture sections of the map, and Pillage where they must capture large portions of treasure. Cooperative, on the other hand, sees player Overlords working together to either defend against a constant onslaught in Survival or attack powerful foes in Invasion.
Story.
Characters.
The silent protagonist Overlord from the first game is not present in "Overlord II", as he was trapped in the Abyss dimension at the end of the expansion, "". Instead, the role of the Overlord is taken up by his child, who was removed from the original Tower by his mother to live in a mountain village, but is thrown out by the villagers to appease the Glorious Empire and, on his escape, taken in by the Minions.
Gnarl, the aged Minion advisor from the previous games, is the main recurring character in "Overlord II". As an adviser and initial tutor, Gnarl engages in most of the game's dialogue, including narration, outlining objectives, dropping hints and even making jokes. Other Characters returning from "Overlord" include Forge Master Giblet, the minion minstrel Quaver, and the human Rose, mistress of the previous Overlord and the Mother of the current one.
With the new Overlord comes the familiar gaggle of minions, grouped into four different sects that have different abilities and strengths: Browns; Reds; Greens; Blues. The Browns are the first sect that the Overlord has at his disposal, and frequently the most useful in any direct combat; they are more robust and can take much more damage than any other minion group, though they are susceptible to fire and poison and they drown in water higher than the Overlord's knee. Reds are the ranged attackers, hurling fireballs at enemies, combustibles and explosives; they have the added ability to remove flame from obstacles and can traverse through fiery obstacles without harm. The Greens are stealth attackers that become invisible if they are stationary, and while close to useless in a direct confrontation (without Browns), they are devastating if planted along a patrols path or if directed to attack an enemy from behind; they are also regarded as the least hygienic group, which somehow makes them immune to poison, allowing them to remove toxic obstacles and walk through toxic clouds. The Blues are medics, virtually non-combative entities that cannot participate in a melee situation alone without sustaining severe casualties, but their ability to resurrect fallen minions makes them valuable; their additional abilities include "blinking," removing magical ooze, swimming and an immunity to magic attacks.
Characters new to the series include the Overlord's three mistresses: Kelda, a strong willed village girl and the only childhood friend to the Overlord; Juno, a seductive and spoiled Empire maiden; and Queen Fay, leader of the Elves of Everlight before being corrupted by the Overlord. Two new minion masters are also introduced: Mortis, who watches over the minion hives and has the ability to resurrect fallen minion heroes; the hooded keeper of Battle Rock, who organizes events in the Overlord's personal arena (though this may be the same minion that stood before the dungeon in the first Overlord). The story's central antagonist is the reclusive Emperor Solarius, ruler of the Glorious Empire, who is committed to conquering the world and removing all magical creatures. While Solarius appears reclusive, he has a number of henchmen who govern the various conquered lands. His second-in-command, Marius, acts as his spokesperson. A secondary antagonist is Florian Greenheart, leader of a band of fanatical environmentalist elves.
Plot.
A generation has passed since the events of the first "Overlord", with that game's Overlord now the ruler of the Abyss after being trapped following the events of "Raising Hell". The Tower Heart was broken shortly after the old Overlord's disappearance, causing a cataclysm, which destroyed much of the old land and started a magical plague. When the survivors fled to new lands, the Glorious Empire came into being and it began to take control of the new lands, while purging all magical creatures. The old Overlord's mistress Rose gives birth to his child, the "Overlad". Rose takes the child to the mountain village of Nordberg and leaves him to grow up there, where all of the villagers (except a girl named Kelda, the Overlad's only friend) fear him, referring to him as "Witch-Boy". The brown minions find him and help cause local havoc. When the Glorious Empire besieges Nordberg, the villagers offer him up to save the town. A yeti, having been freed by the Overlord during his escape, rushes over an ice-covered lake, causing the ice sheet to break, freezing both the Overlord and the yeti until the Minions take him to the Netherworld. The Overlad is raised by Gnarl and the minions as the new Overlord while the Glorious Empire expands its borders.
Upon coming of age and passing Gnarl's tests, the Overlord scouts the Nordberg countryside with the Brown Minions, encountering a band of fanatical environmentalist elves led by Florian Greenheart, who try to prevent him from slaying baby seals, and end up taking in the yeti. Tracking the elves to one of their many Sanctuaries, the Overlord recovers the Red Minions, and uses them to destroy the Sanctuary, earning the wrath of the elven Queen Fay. The actions of the Glorious Empire lead Gnarl to classify them as a serious threat, and the Overlord heads out to both conquer the world and destroy the Empire. This begins with the Overlord capturing Nordberg, taking a now adult Kelda as his first mistress, and choosing to either enslave or destroy the village, along with an Empire governor named Borius. After melting the glaciers to free up a sailing ship, the Overlord and his horde travel to the flooded Everlight Reef, so they may access the elven lands of Everlight.
On arriving, the Overlord finds that Everlight has already been captured by the Empire, with the town being used as a resort by Empire nobles. After finding the Green Minions in the jungle and recovering the Green Hive from a nearby Empire fort, the Overlord takes control of Everlight, taking Juno (a seductress accused of being a witch by other Empire women) as a second mistress, and either kills or enslaves the town's inhabitants. Juno tells the Overlord how to access the Empire's interior territories, but while attempting to sneak in as a local governor, the Overlord falls into the slums. While exploring the slums, the Overlord comes across the Arena, a large Colosseum-like structure where magical beings are killed in gladiator-based games. The Blue Minions are rediscovered in the prisons underneath the Arena, but, before he can escape, the Overlord is apprehended by Marius, advisor to Emperor Solarius and thrown into the Arena. The Overlord defeats the waves of opponents including the yeti from before, in the process destroying a portion of the arena. Although Solarius and Marius flee, the Blue Hive is recovered, and the player has the option of either capturing the yeti, or killing it. Back at the Netherworld tower, the Overlord is visited by a mysterious woman who Gnarl vaguely recognizes. The Overlord travels to the Wastelands (the site of the old Overlord's tower), and is tasked by Gnarl with finding the twelve shards of the Tower Heart. After encountering the elves' final Sanctuary, Queen Fay and Florian help the Overlord to reassemble the Tower Heart while Florian is captured by the Empire after leading the Overlord to the shards, and Fay regretfully allows the Overlord to drain four shrines to power up the Tower Heart. As this is not enough, the Overlord then drains Fay of her magical energy, corrupting her and taking her as his third mistress.
With the Tower Heart restored, the Overlord lays siege to the Empire’s capital by catapulting the Heart itself into the city’s anti-magic barrier. While laying waste to the city temples, the Overlord is confronted once again by the mysterious woman who is revealed to be Rose, the old Overlord’s mistress and current Overlord’s mother. She reveals that the Empire was to bring order to the land for balance between good and evil, but Solarius let the power go to his head. Upon storming the palace, Florian appears, but reveals that he is, in reality, Solarius. Because he was an elf, but of a non-magical variety, he attempted to harness the power of the abandoned Tower Heart, but instead caused the Cataclysm and inadvertently spawned the fear of magic. From this hatred, he created the Empire and gathered the magic of the world's inhabitants for his own use. The raw magical energy drained from the captured magical creatures was collected in a vat, which Solarius then dives into hoping to become a god; but instead becomes trapped inside a giant, leech-like monster, which is hailed as the Devourer by Marius. The Overlord battles and destroys both the Devourer and Solarius. Depending on the player’s actions during the game, one of three ending cutscenes plays: one for pure Domination, one for pure Destruction, and one for all other points on the scale. The Overlord either destroys the land or enslaves the populace, with the minions throwing huge parties. Either way, Gnarl reveals that even the Overlord’s power might wane, finishing once again with "Evil always finds a way" before laughing maniacally off screen.
Development.
"Overlord II" was first announced on August 13, 2008 for the PC, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. It was announced at the same time as the Nintendo spin-offs ' and '. According to Lennart Sas, director and Overlord lead at Triumph Studios, the intention for "Overlord II" was "massively increases the scope of the original concept", already advertising promotional screenshots displaying the new features, such as the minions ability to ride mounted creatures. According to Sas the reason behind the sequel was due to the "massive amount creative opportunity remaining in the concept" with "an improved game engine with high production values", mostly to increase the overall scope and "epic feel", such as the inclusion of large scale battles and the use of war machines and ships. Further more, the developers also wanted to fine-tune aspects from the original like an on screen mini-map interference while retaining the basic gameplay element. As with the original Overlord, Lennart did admit influence from similar games that allowed players take the role of a character with control over other units such as Pikmin and Sacrifice while also mentioning much of the differentiating style being great a wholly unique experience. There were changes to the gameplay in order to suit the game’s personality such as the Neatherworld replacing the Dark Tower, being "much more alive with minion culture" and expanding the strategy elements being "important expanded what the minions can do. Overlord is all about the minions. Rather than adding more base minion types (which would make controls more difficult and blur the lines between the minions), the four races are now stronger, more destructive and funnier than before." The choice system was improved over the first due to some complaints the Overlord could do good deeds over evil ones. Instead this was replaced with the "Dominate or Destroy" structure instead.
Writing.
It was later confirmed officially that the protagonist was the implied son of the original Overlord as seen at the end of the first’s expansion "Raising Hell". With the continuation of the plot, Rhianna Pratchett (daughter of Terry Pratchett) was announced to return as the writer for the story, who was originally one of multiple writers before being the lead writer due to her "unique style and wit" being "a great match with the style and the story framework". According to Rhianna, the creative thought process behind the premise for Overlord was the appeal of villains in stories; "traditionally the bad guys always have the best of everything; the best lines, the best outfits and the best - and fluffiest - cats", feeling that "Overlord taps into what some games are lacking and that's pure, unadulterated, good fun. It produces this unrestrained, almost child-like grin in players when they see their Minions looting and pillaging, bringing back presents and dressing up in all manner of attire." The workable humor of the series was said to stem from the gameplay itself that "the gameplay, environments, missions, minion antics, voice acting and script all worked well together", which would apparently not work if "against really straight gameplay or bland environments."
Rhianna commented that due to the "active, not passive" way of story telling video games had, characterization is consequently done in a longer time frame of script, along with the "flexible" nature due to the integration of story and gameplay. As a result, the story of Overlord II (as well as and ) was written in order to "sit well in the Overlord world, but not be too reliant on players having played the previous games." In the case of Overlord II specifically, the story was to remain fresh by going beyond the previous satire of fantasy by including other themes, some of which being relevant to modern times, with the "Romanesque theme" being "a lot more of what you might call modern issues underlying the story and gameplay; environmental destruction, climate change, resource hording, propaganda and so on, but spun through Overlord's twisted, heroic fantasy setting", as well as some characterization being built off modern popular culture. For example the character Florin according to Rhianna was to her "loosely based on that 'Crying for Britney' guy." Because of expanded themes and by now established setting, Rhianna felt that the sequel was "a stronger story for it and feels more cohesive than the first game." Additionally, the story was said to have benefited due to the increased co-work with the Triumph Studios development team, with story and level design being developed consistently together.
Release and Downloadable Content.
The demo for the Xbox 360 was released on June 4, 2009, before the PS3 and PC demo on June 11, 2009, ahead of the game's full release in North America on June 23, Europe on June 26, and Australia on July 9. The demo featured the first segments of gameplay as the adult Overlord, and his first run in with Florian and the yeti in the Nordberg countryside, in line with the initial details of the game and its plot when it was first announced. Before its release, major game retailers like GameStop and GAME offered collectible Minion figurines, one of each kind for those who pre-ordered the "Overlord II" or the Nintendo spin-offs.
In addition to its pre-release promotion, Codemasters promoted Overlord through numerous internet based marketing campaigns. The initial announcement of the game humorously focused on a portion of the game referred to as "clubbing baby seals" that was featured in the first screenshots and playable demo. This later became involved in an online mini-game entitled "Whack-A-Seal", a game in the same style whac-a-mole where a minion would club baby seals that popped up from holes in the ice. A live-action parody of television talk shows was also produced called "The Overlord Show", where a well dressed presenter wearing the Overlord's signature helmet named Max Goreman would show off minions to a studio audience and on stage guests and how they can help with their problems, such as incinerating a woman's ex-boyfriend, before the minions would then violently rush the audience, much to Goreman's delight.
Long before the release of the finished product, Lennart Sas had already announced plans to develop further downloadable content (DLC) with the intention of releasing it closer to the official release date of the game, considering the content released for the last game to be "experimental" and "came a little too late after the release to appeal to all Overlord's players". The first DLC, entitled "Battle Rock Nemesis", was released on 30 July 2009 over Xbox Live and PlayStation Network: this DLC replicated the single-player battle arena from the original "Overlord" that allowed players to engage with their minions in further combat with enemies defeated during the single-player story.
Reception.
Upon release, "Overlord" II received on average a positive reception with an average critic average indicated as "Generally Favorable" at Metacritic (although the PS3 version was just under the score requirement), with most reviewers praising the multiple improvements over its predecessor while keeping core gameplay intact. "1UP.com" complimented the game’s premise, still kept enjoyable from the previous "Overlord", that "commanding a legion of hilariously evil little critters to plunder and wreck everything in reach is the game's most basic appeal, and something that never really seems to get old." This linked in with the game’s humour, particularly the minion’s personality and charm, with "GameSpy" complimenting "the maniacal Gremlin-esque voices and actions of the minions, making them at once both intimidating and strangely endearing", with the added feature of naming and resurrecting certain minions that resulted in "a surprising attachment." X-Play echoed this view alone with utilizing the hordes as "addictive, because you really do feel as if you're controlling your own private Gremlin horde."
On its gameplay, "Official Xbox Magazine" called it a "unique blend of action and strategy", helped with the added improvements over the first, including an in game mini-map and expanded options such as upgrades and choices. "Eurogamer" called the controls "simple yet flexible", but did find issues with an apparent "slightly wayward camera system". However, "IGN" considered the camera issues "painful" for being linked to control over actions at the same time. Between versions, the PC version is noted for having improved camera control over its console counterparts, with the option of shifting the camera via computer mouse described by "GameSpot" as "extremely handy" as opposed to the fixed console analog control. The checkpoint system was not as well received, with GamePro describing it as "unforgiving" at times.
"Game Informer" felt a number of features, such as the multiplayer, were "tacked on"; this along with numerous technical issues led them to conclude that "Overlord II just feels like an unpolished retread of familiar ground." Graphically, "Overlord II" was noted for being a noticeable upgrade from the last game, despite additional complaints of glitches; "Team Xbox" summarizing that the graphics had "been improved, but there are still chunky spots". "Game Trailers", noted that character animations during cutscenes were best described as "inert", but that the game was helped by "its dark sense of humor... coming out prominently in the game’s colourful voice acting". "GameZone" praised the soundtrack as "wonderfully cinematic and has that fantasy movie feel to it."

</doc>
<doc id="18856445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856445" title="Elvin W. Crane">
Elvin W. Crane

Elvin Williamson Crane (October 20, 1853 – January 9, 1909) was an American lawyer and Democratic party politician from New Jersey. He was the Democratic nominee for Governor of New Jersey in 1898.
Crane was born in Brooklyn, New York in 1853 to Samuel Crane and Naomi Williamson. His family settled in Newark, New Jersey when he was a child. He attended public schools in Newark and St. Paul's School. He began his study of law in the offices of Joseph P. Bradley, who would later serve on the United States Supreme Court, and Gustavus N. Abeel, later prosecutor of the pleas of Essex County. He received his license as attorney in 1875 and as counsellor in 1882.
Crane married Emma J. Esch on July 9, 1879. They had two children, but both died young.
In 1887 he was elected to the New Jersey General Assembly. He served as an assistant prosecutor for Essex County and then was appointed county prosecutor by Governor Robert Stockton Green. He was reappointed by Governor George Theodore Werts, serving until 1899.
In 1898 Crane was the Democratic candidate for Governor of New Jersey. He faced the Republican candidate Foster MacGowan Voorhees, who was serving as Acting Governor after the appointment of John W. Griggs as United States Attorney General. Voorhees accused the Democrats of corruption, claiming that Crane was the tool of the party boss, United States Senator James Smith, Jr. Voorhees defeated Crane by a vote of 164,051 to 158,552.
After his term as Essex County Prosecutor ended in 1899, Crane pursued a private legal practice until 1907, when he was appointed county counsel. In 1909 he died at his home in Newark at the age of 55.

</doc>
<doc id="18856456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856456" title="Eri-Katha Ramar Temple">
Eri-Katha Ramar Temple

Yeri Katha Raamar Temple (ஏரி காத்த ராமர் ) is a Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Rama located in the town of Maduranthakam, Tamil Nadu, India. This is the stalam where Udayavar was named Ramanuja. Ramanujar was instructed the "Pancha Samskara Mantram". Mathuranthaka Chaturvedi Mangalam, Vaikunda Varthanam, Thirumathurai, Thirumanthira Tirupathi, Karunagara Vilagam are the other names of the temple. Thirumalisai Alvar attained siddhi in this "sthalam"(place).
The temple.
The temple was built during the Pallava era, and is estimated to be 1600 years old. The Moolavar (presiding deity) of the temple is Lord Rama. The temple has inscriptions indicating generous gifts from Chola king Parantaka I. 
The Moolavar is at a standing position facing east. The height of the Moolavar is around . Here Lord Rama with his wife Sita and with his brother Lakshmana. This temple is situated near the Madhuranthakam lake shore.
During the period 1795 to 1799 the Collector of Chengalpattu District was a British officer called Colonel Lionel Blaze. During his collectorship, Blaze had witnessed two breaches to the huge tank in Madurantakam taluk. The enormity of the problem can be appreciated only when we know of the massive size of the tank. Having an area of and a depth of , the breaching of the tank following torrential downpour was any official's nightmare. Wanting to take preemptive action in the year 1798 the Collector camped in Madurantakam. During his sojourn the Collector was exploring ways and means to undertake urgent repairs of the breaches if and when they happened. During the course of his inspections, he happened to see a large collection of granite and other stones in the precincts of the Rama temple. The Collector mentioned to his subordinates that these could be put to use in restoration of the bunds. Hearing this the temple priests submitted that the stones were meant for constructing a separate shrine for Janakavalli Thayar and since there was paucity of funds the construction could not commence.
Hearing this the Collector is said to have remarked that where was the need for a separate shrine when more urgent work like repairing the bunds were crying for resources and asked the priests jestingly as to why the Lord was not able to save the tank each year? The priests replied saying that the Lord was always known to answer a sincere prayer from the heart. The rains came and it poured. Within a few days the tank was full to the brim and a breach seemed imminent. That night a worried Collector camped near the tank hoping against hope that the bunds would hold. As he was inspecting, Colonel Blaze saw a miraculous sight. He saw two warriors bearing bow and quiver guarding the bunds. The British officer went on his knees and prayed, for he knew it was none other than Lord Rama and his divine brother Lakshmana. It was indeed strange that nobody else who was a part of the Collector's retinue saw the Lord. After a while the vision evanesced and the rain stopped. The grateful Collector undertook the building of the shrine for Janakavalli thayar and the Rama in the temple came to be known as the erikatha Ramar (Rama who saved the tank). The edict with the Collector's name citing him as a benefactor can be seen even today in the Madurantakam temple.
Ramanujar.
This is the place under the Magizha tree, where Sri Ramanujar was given "Pancha Samskaram"(initiation) by his teacher Peria Nambigal. That is when Maduranthakam was given the name "Dvayam Vilindha Tirupathi". Upon receiving Kanchi Varadarajar's divine order through Tirukachi Nambi, Ramanuja set to Srirangam to become the disciple of Peria Nambigal. He met him in Maduranthakam itself, in the lake precincts. Peria Nambigal was on his way to Kanchipuram to install Ramanuja as the successor of Sri Aalanvandar. In the month of "Avani", on the "Sukla Panchami", Peria Nambigal gave the "Samasrayanam" or "Pancha Samskaram" called "Dvaya Mantropadesam"(divine syllable). The festival is celebrated every year. This is the only place where Ramanujar can be seen as a "Grihastha"(family man). For more information about the temple visit [http://erikaatharamar.6te.net]
Transport.
Maduranthakam is on the Trichy-Chennai highway(NH45) at a distance of 89 km from Chennai and 25 km from Chengalpattu. There are several buses travelling to Maduranthakam from Chennai. Maduranthakam also has its own railway station, with suburban trains going towards Melmaruvathur stopping here.

</doc>
<doc id="18856458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856458" title="Trehalose dimycolate">
Trehalose dimycolate

Trehalose dimycolate is a molecule produced by Mycobacterium tuberculosis and other mycobacteria.
Antimycobacterial drug SQ109 is thought to inhibit TDM production levels and in this way disrupts its cell wall assembly. 

</doc>
<doc id="18856474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856474" title="Upper Shaver Falls">
Upper Shaver Falls

Upper Shaver Falls is a 3 metre high curtain/ cascade waterfall found on private property, (with no permission to access), in Ancaster, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Dundas Valley Conservation Area, The Hermitage, Fieldcote Memorial Park & Museum, Royal Botanical Gardens, Dundurn Castle, Crooks Hollow Conservation Area, Christie Lake Conservation Area, Tiffany Falls, Iroquoia Heights Conservation Area.
Directions.
Inaccessible with no permission from owner. Just a few metres south of Shaver Falls.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18856487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856487" title="Cord factor">
Cord factor

Cord factor, or trehalose dimycolate, is a glycolipid molecule found in the cell wall of "Mycobacterium tuberculosis" and similar species. It is the primary lipid found on the exterior of "M. tuberculosis" cells. Cord factor influences the arrangement of "M. tuberculosis" cells into long and slender formations, giving its name. Cord factor is virulent towards mammalian cells and critical for survival of "M. tuberculosis" in hosts, but not outside of hosts. Cord factor has been observed to influence immune responses, induce the formation of granulomas, and inhibit tumor growth.
Structure.
A cord factor molecule is composed of a trehalose sugar, a disaccharide, that is esterified to two mycolic acid residues. One of the two mycolic acid residues is attached to the sixth carbon of one mo nosaccharide, while the other mycolic acid residue is attached to the sixth carbon of the other monosaccharide. Therefore, cord factor is also named trehalose-6,6'-dimycolate. The carbon chain of the mycolic acid residues vary in length depending on the species of bacteria it is found in, but the general range is 20 to 80 carbon atoms. Cord factor's amphiphilic nature leads to varying structures when many cord factor molecules are in close proximity. On a hydrophobic surface, they spontaneously form a crystalline monolayer. This crystalline monolayer is extremely durable and firm; it is stronger than any other amphiphile found in biology. This monolayer also forms in oil-water, plastic-water, and air-water surfaces. In an aqueous environment free of hydrophobic surfaces, cord factor forms a micelle. Furthermore, cord factor interlocks with lipoarabinomannan (LAM), which is found on the surface of "M. tuberculosis" cells as well, to form an asymmetrical bilayer.
Evidence of Virulence.
A large quantity of cord factor is found in virulent "M. tuberculosis", but not in avirulent "M. tuberculosis". Furthermore, "M. tuberculosis" loses its virulence if its ability to produce cord factor molecules is compromised. Consequently, when all lipids are removed from the exterior of "M. tuberculosis" cells, the survival of the bacteria is reduced within a host. When cord factor is added back to those cells, "M. tuberculosis" survives at a rate similar to that of its original state. Cord factor increases the virulence of tuberculosis in mice, but it has minimal effect on other infections.
Biological Function.
The function of cord factor is highly dependent on what environment it is located, and therefore its conformation. This is evident as cord factor is harmful when injected with an oil solution, but not when it is with a saline solution, even in very large amounts. Cord factor protects "M. tuberculosis" from the defenses of the host. Specifically, cord factor on the surface of "M. tuberculosis" cells prevents fusion between macrophages containing the "M. tuberculosis" cells and the lysosomes that would destroy them. The individual components of cord factor, the trehalose sugars and mycolic acid residues, are not able to demonstrate this activity; the cord factor molecules must be fully intact. Esterase activity that targets cord factor results in the lysis of "M. tuberculosis" cells. However, the "M. tuberculosis" cells must still be alive to prevent this fusion; heat-killed cells with cord factor are unable to prevent being digested. This suggests an additional molecule from "M. tuberculosis" is required. Regardless, cord factor's ability to prevent fusion is related to an increased hydration force or through steric hindrance. Cord factor remains on the surface of "M. tuberculosis" cells until it associates with a lipid droplet, where it forms a monolayer. Then, as cord factor is in a monolayer configuration, it has a different function; it becomes fatal or harmful to the host organism. Macrophages can die when in contact with monolayers of cord factor, but not when cord factor is in other configurations. As the monolayer surface area of cord factor increases, so does its toxicity. The length of the carbon chain on cord factor has also shown to affect toxicity; a longer chain shows higher toxicity. Furthermore, fibrinogen has shown to adsorb to monolayers of cord factor and act as a cofactor for its biological effects.
Host Responses and Cytokines.
Numerous responses that vary in effect result from cord factor's presence in host cells. After exposure to cord factor for 2 hours, 125 genes in the mouse genome are upregulated. After 24 hours, 503 genes are upregulated, and 162 genes are downregulated. The exact chemical mechanisms by which cord factor acts is not completely known. However, it is likely that the mycolic acids of cord factor must undergo a cyclopropyl modification to lead to a response from the host's immune system for initial infection. Furthermore, the ester linkages in cord factor are important for its toxic effects. There is evidence that cord factor is recognized by the Mincle receptor, which is found on macrophages. An activated Mincle receptor leads to a pathway that ultimately results in the production of several cytokines. These cytokines can lead to further cytokine production that promote inflammatory responses. Cord factor, through the Mincle receptor, also causes the recruitment of neutrophils, which lead to pro-inflammatory cytokines as well. However, there is also evidence that toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2) in conjunction with the protein MyD-88 is responsible for cytokine production rather than the Mincle receptor.
Cord factor presence increases the production of the cytokines interleukin-12 (IL-12), interleukin-1 beta (IL-1β), interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor (TNFα), and macrophage inflammatory protein-2 (MIP-2), which are all pro-inflammatory cytokines important for granuloma formation. IL-12 is particularly important in the defense against "M. tuberculosis"; without it, "M. tuberculosis" spreads unhampered. IL-12 triggers production of more cytokines through T cells and natural killer (NK) cells, while also leading to mature Th1 cells, and thus leading to immunity. Then, with IL-12 available, Th1 cells and NK cells produce interferon gamma (IFN-γ) molecules and subsequently release them. The IFN-γ molecules in turn activate macrophages.
When macrophages are activated by cord factor, they can arrange into granulomas around "M. tuberculosis" cells. Activated macrophages and neutrophils also cause an increase in vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), which is important for angiogenesis, a step in granuloma formation. The granulomas can be formed either with or without T-cells, indicating that they can be foreign-body-type or hypersensitivity-type. This means cord factor can stimulate a response by acting as a foreign molecule or by causing harmful reactions from the immune system if the host is already immunized. Thus, cord factor can act as a nonspecific irritant or a T-cell dependent antigen. Granulomas enclose "M. tuberculosis" cells to halt the bacteria from spreading, but they also allow the bacteria to remain in the host. From there, the tissue can become damaged and the disease can transmit further with cord factor. Alternatively, the activated macrophages can kill the "M. tuberculosis" cells through reactive nitrogen intermediates to remove the infection.
Besides inducing granuloma formation, activated macrophages that result from IL-12 and IFN-γ are able to limit tumor growth. Furthermore, cord factor's production of TNF-α, also known as cachectin, is also able to induce cachexia, or loss of weight, within hosts. Cord factor also increases NADase activity in the host, and thus it lowers NAD; enzymes that require NAD decrease in activity accordingly. Cord factor is thus able to obstruct oxidative phosphorylation and the electron transport chain in mitochondrial membranes. In mice, cord factor has shown to cause atrophy in the thymus through apoptosis; similarly in rabbits, atrophy of the thymus and spleen occurred. This atrophy occurs in conjunction with granuloma formation, and if granuloma formation is disturbed, so is the progression of atrophy.
Scientific Applications and Uses.
Infection by "M. tuberculosis" remains a serious problem in the world and knowledge of cord factor can be useful in controlling this disease. For example, the glycoprotein known as lactoferrin is able to mitigate cytokine production and granuloma formation brought on by cord factor. However, cord factor can serve as a useful model for all pathogenic glycolipids and therefore it can provide insight for more than just itself as a virulence factor. Hydrophobic beads covered with cord factor are an effective tool for such research; they are able to reproduce an organism's response to cord factor from "M. tuberculosis" cells. Cord factor beads are easily created and applied to organisms for study, and then easily recovered.
It is possible to form cord factor liposomes through water emulsion; these liposomes are nontoxic and can be used to maintain a steady supply of activated macrophages. Cord factor under proper control can potentially be useful in fighting cancer because IL-12 and IFN-γ are able to limit the growth of tumors.

</doc>
<doc id="18856502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856502" title="Spencer Barrett">
Spencer Barrett

(William) Spencer Barrett FBA, (29 May 1914 – 23 September 2001) was an English classical scholar, Fellow and Sub-Warden of Keble College, Oxford, and Reader in Greek Literature in the University of Oxford. He was also a Fellow of the British Academy.
Early life.
The only son of William Barrett and Sarah Jessie Barrett (née Robbins), Barrett was educated at Derby School and then from 1933 at Christ Church, Oxford, where he held the Ireland and Craven Scholarship, gained a First in Classical Honours Moderations in 1934, the same year winning the Gaisford Prize for Greek Verse and the de Paravicini Scholarship, and took a First in Literae Humaniores in 1937. Also in 1937 he won the Derby Scholarship, and in 1938 the Charles Oldham Prize.
Career.
Barrett's first post was as a Lecturer at Christ Church, Oxford, from 1938 to 1939, and then at Keble College, Oxford, where he was a Lecturer from 1939 to 1952 and Tutor in Classics from 1939 to 1981. At Keble, he was also the college's Librarian from 1946 to 1966, a Fellow of the college from 1952 to 1981 (and Honorary Fellow, from 1981 until his death), and Sub Warden, 1968 to 1976. At the University level, he was Lecturer in Greek Literature, 1947 to 1966, and then Reader in Greek Literature until 1981.
As a scrupulous atheist, Barrett could not become a Fellow of Keble (although he was treated as one) until the college's statutes were changed to remove the disability in 1952. After a Warden of Keble, Austin Farrer, died suddenly in 1968, Barrett as Sub-Warden presided over the further change of statute which removed the requirement for the college's warden to be an Anglican clergyman. 
Barrett's edition of Euripides' tragedy "Hippolytus" appeared in 1964 and was recognised as one of the most important works on Greek tragedy. It was a significant advance on its predecessors, being based on collations of ten of the sixteen mediaeval manuscripts, the other six having little independent value. Barrett said of his text that it presented "what I think the poet wrote".
At his death, Barrett left a major work on Pindar unpublished. When an Inland Revenue tax inspector once challenged his tax return, questioning whether a computer was an allowable expense for a classicist, Barrett was able to show that for an understanding of the text of Pindar it was essential to know how Mount Etna had appeared to a sailor passing the mountain in a ship.
His other principal research interest was the Greek lyric, and he made outstanding contributions on the poets Stesichorus, Bacchylides and Simonides of Ceos. A collection of his work on Stesichorus, Pindar, Bacchylides and Euripides was edited by M. L. West of All Souls and published in 2007 under the title "Greek Lyric, Tragedy, and Textual Criticism: Collected Papers".
The distinction of Barrett's scholarship was recognized by a fellowship of the British Academy.
War service.
During the Second World War, he served as a Temporary Civilian Officer in the Admiralty's Naval Intelligence Division, from 1942 to 1945. He claimed to derive from these years his preferred sleeping hours of 4 a.m. to mid-day, as his reports had to be ready by eight o'clock in the morning, and he found it suited him to work through the night.
Family.
In 1939, Barrett married Georgina Margaret Elizabeth, elder daughter of William and Alma Georgina Annie Hill, and they had one son and one daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="18856523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856523" title="James Shanteau">
James Shanteau

James Shanteau (born 1943) is an American professor and psychologist. He is co-developer of the Cochran-Weiss-Shanteau index of performance, which measures expert performance in the absence of an external standard.
Shanteau is a University Distinguished Professor in the Department of Psychology at Kansas State University. He is a recipient of the 2003 Commerce Bank Distinguished Graduate Faculty Award.
Shanteau received his Ph.D. in Experimental Psychology from the University of California, San Diego. He spent his entire academic career at Kansas State, during which he also held visiting appointments at the Universities of Michigan, Oregon, Colorado, Cornell, Toulouse, and the National Science Foundation. His research interests include studies of expertise (especially medical decision making) and studies of consumer health-care choices (especially organ donation and transplantation). Professor Shanteau has received over $5.9 million from agencies such as National Institute of Mental Health, Division of Organ Transplantation, National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, and National Science Foundation. His publications include over 65 articles in referred journals, 10 books, 62 book chapters, 6 encyclopedia entries, 7 monographs, 21 proceedings papers, 14 technical reports, and 3 computer programs. He served on grant-review panels for the National Institute of Health, Environmental Protection Agency, and National Science Foundation. He served on a National Research Council Committee to redefine mental retardation standards, and on a DHHS Advisory Committee on Organ Transplantation. He is a Fellow of the American Psychological Association and a Charter Fellow of the American Psychological Society.
A list of publications can be found at Google Scholar, and links to some are also available online.

</doc>
<doc id="18856524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856524" title="Cham calendar">
Cham calendar

The Cham calendar (Cham language: "sakawi") is a lunar calendar used by the Cham people of Vietnam since ancient times.
System.
The length of the month: the full month has 30 days (Cham language: balan tapăk) and the hollow month has 29 days (Cham language: balan u).

</doc>
<doc id="18856534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856534" title="Irene Grootboom">
Irene Grootboom

Irene Grootboom (c. 1969 – 2008) was a South African housing rights activist best known for her victory before the Constitutional Court in 2000. The Court found that the government had not met its obligation to provide adequate housing for the residents of Cape Town's Wallacedene informal settlement. The ruling provided clear legal support for housing-rights campaigns in South Africa and elsewhere. At the time of her death in August 2008, however, Grootboom was still living in a shack.
The SJC grassroots movement in Khayelitsha established the Irene Grootboom Memorial Lecture Series in her honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18856540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856540" title="Steffen Lehmann">
Steffen Lehmann

Steffen Lehmann is a German-born architect and urban designer, born 19 June 1963 in Stuttgart, Germany.
Biography.
Lehmann held the UNESCO Chair in Sustainable Urban Development for Asia and the Pacific from 2008 to 2010. He now advises UNESCO ex-officio. He was the Professorial Chair in the School of Architecture and Built Environment at the University of Newcastle (NSW) from 2006 to 2010. He was the Professorial Chair of Architecture and Head of Discipline at Queensland University of Technology from 2002 to 2006. Lehmann is the founding director of the s_Lab Space Laboratory for Architectural Research and Design (Sydney-Berlin), which he began in 1993. 
Since 2006 Lehmann has been the editor of the US-based Journal of Green Building and works as an advisor to various governments and municipalities. He holds three post-graduate degrees; after graduating from the Architectural Association School of Architecture in London (1989) he worked with James Stirling in London and with Arata Isozaki in Tokyo. He has been a juror for international design competitions, such as Leipziger Platz in Berlin, Etihad Towers in Abu Dhabi and Harmony Point in Ho-Chi-Minh City.
Lehmann is the founding Director of both the Zero Waste SA Research Centre for Sustainable Design and Behaviour at the University of South Australia (since 2010) and the China-Australia Centre for Sustainable Urban Development, an international research centre co-located at the University of South Australia and Tianjin University, China (since 2012).
During the 1990s, he was instrumental in the urban re-development of Berlin’s city centre and has built large-scale buildings in Berlin’s Potsdamer Platz, Hackescher Markt and Pariser Platz.
Publications.
Selection of Publications:
Recent books

</doc>
<doc id="18856545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856545" title="Angie Bainbridge">
Angie Bainbridge

Angie Lee Bainbridge, OAM (born 16 October 1989) is an Australian freestyle swimmer who specialises in the 200 m event.
At the 2008 Australian Swimming Championships she qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing as a member of the 4×100 m and 4×200 m freestyle relay squads by coming sixth and third in the respective individual events.
She was not used as Australia won bronze in the shorter race. She then swam the heats of the longer relay, and collected gold when the first-choice quartet won the final in a world record time.
In 2009, she received the Medal of the Order of Australia "For service to sport as a gold medallist at the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games".
She is was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.

</doc>
<doc id="18856548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856548" title="Camp Williams">
Camp Williams

Camp W. G. Williams, commonly known as Camp Williams, also known as Army Garrison Camp Williams, is a National Guard training site operated by the Utah National Guard. It is located south of Bluffdale, west of Lehi, and north of Saratoga Springs and Cedar Fort, approximately south of Salt Lake City, straddling the border between Salt Lake County and Utah County in the western portion of the Traverse Mountains. Camp Williams is also home to the National Guard Basic Non Commissioned Officer Course Phase 1 (BNCOC) which is 2 weeks in duration.
Camp Williams land comprises about of flat area and of mountainous region.
History.
The Utah Army National Guard traces its beginnings to the Utah Territorial Militia, known as the Nauvoo Legion. The Nauvoo Legion operated similarly to militias in other states and territories, including requiring adult men—between the ages of 18 and 45—to serve. The militia served as guardians of the Central Overland Route, and in the Utah War, Black Hawk War and Walker War. During this period the legion's various units had annual musters and training camps, with Lehi's unit often doing so near the site of today's Camp Williams. During a power struggle between the Federal government of the United States and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, the militia was abolished in the Edmunds–Tucker Act of 1887. 
By March 1894 conflicts had settled down, and the Utah Territorial Legislature authorized Caleb Walton West, the Governor, to establish The National Guard of Utah. Twenty years later, in 1914 and 1915, US president Woodrow Wilson, set aside 18,700 acres to provide permanent training grounds for the guard. This was the first official designation of land that would comprise Camp Williams. This original land makes up the western majority of the current site, which is rough and rugged, and lacked flat land for a cantonment area (headquarters and camp). So the State of Utah rented nearby flatter land, and then later purchased it to build a cantonment area. Permanent use of the area, including buildings, was not established at this time, due to World War I, and the site was just occasionally used until the 1920s. In both 1926 and 1927 the guard's annual encampment was held at the site, and in 1928 the camp was officially established for permanent use as Camp W.G. Williams. It was named after Brigadier General W. G. Williams in recognition of his war participation since the Spanish–American War and his work in establishing the site as a permanent training location.
Machine Gun Fire.
On 19 September 2010, live fire .50-caliber machine gun training at the camp sparked the "Machine Gun Fire" that resulted in over 3,500 acres burned and the loss of three homes in the city of Herriman to the north.
Utah Data Center.
From 2011 to 2013, the National Security Agency (NSA) built a $1.5 billion "Community Comprehensive National Cybersecurity Initiative Data Center" at Camp Williams, the first in a series of data centers required for the Comprehensive National Cybersecurity Initiative. The 1.5 million square foot facility built on 200 acres is expected to store 1 yottabyte of data by 2015. The facility which is expected to be completed in October 2013 will use 65 megawatts and will cost another $2 billion for hardware, software, and maintenance.
Camp Williams' former airfield, located on the West side of Highway 68, has been removed. Instead, the area that formerly held the airfield will now hold the National Security Agency's new data processing center, Utah Data Center. This facility will greatly increase the NSA's ability to store and process millions of emails, IMs, SMS, and phone calls made daily by people around the world and in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18856567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856567" title="Lara Davenport">
Lara Davenport

Lara Shiree Davenport OAM (born 1983) is an Australian freestyle swimmer who specialises in the 200 m event.
At the 2007 World Aquatics Championships in Melbourne, Davenport competed in the 4 × 200 m freestyle relay. She swam the third leg in the heats, setting the second fastest split among all swimmers, in 1 min 58.51 s to help Australia qualify fastest for the final. As a result, she gained selection in the finals team at the expense of Bronte Barratt and Linda Mackenzie, who were Australia's representatives in the individual event. She swam the third leg in the final, but could only manage 1 min 59.28 s as Australia came fourth.
At the 2008 Australian Swimming Championships she qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing as a member of the 4 × 200 m freestyle relay squads by coming fourth in the individual event.
She swam the heats of the relay, and collected gold when the first-choice quartet won the final in a world record time. Davenport is studying psychology at Bond University. 

</doc>
<doc id="18856589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856589" title="Falsilunatia pisum">
Falsilunatia pisum

Falsilunatia pisum is a species of small deepwater sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Naticidae, the moon snails. 

</doc>
<doc id="18856612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856612" title="Streptolysin">
Streptolysin

Streptolysin is a streptococcal hemolytic exotoxin.
Types include streptolysin O (SLO), which is oxygen-labile, and streptolysin S (SLS), which is oxygen-stable.
An antibody, antistreptolysin O, can be detected in an antistreptolysin O titre.
Streptolysin O is hemolytically active only in a reversibly reduced state, unlike streptolysin S, which is stable in the presence of oxygen. Another difference is that that SLO is antigenic, while SLS is not antigenic due to its small size.

</doc>
<doc id="18856616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856616" title="East Matagorda Bay">
East Matagorda Bay

East Matagorda Bay, off Matagorda County on the Texas coast (at 28°43' N, 95°49' W), is enclosed by the Matagorda Peninsula and the tidal flats at the mouth of the Colorado River. Its only true opening to the Gulf of Mexico is through Brown Cedar Cut, near the north end of the peninsula.
It is part of the Matagorda Bay system, the third largest estuarine system in the state of Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="18856625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856625" title="Vempati Chinna Satyam">
Vempati Chinna Satyam

Vempati Chinna Satyam (Telugu: వెంపటి చినసత్యం, October 25, 1929 – July 29, 2012) was an Indian dancer and a guru of the Kuchipudi dance form. 
Chinna Satyam was born in Kuchipudi, Andhra Pradesh. He was taught by Vedantam Lakshmi Narayana Sastry. He then refined his art by learning from Sri Tadepally Perrayya Sastry and later was trained by his elder brother Sri Vempati Pedda Satyam in expressions. As he learnt the nuances of this style of dance, he was successful in popularising the Kuchipudi dance form all over the world. He died of old age related problems at the age of 83 on July 29, 2012. 
Dance.
Chinna Satyam's sublimated and systematised Kuchipudi, giving it a more classical basis. He refined the art form, bringing it closer to the standards of "Natya Shastra" and gave it a whole new perspective and introduced new elements, e.g. chari (leg movements) of Natya Shastra that are significantly different from the interpretations of other dance authorities, such as Padma Subrahmanyam. Previously, it had been considered a "rustic" (folk) form of dance. 
Kuchipudi Art Academy.
Chinna Satyam started the Kuchipudi Art Academy at Madras in 1963. The Academy has to its credit more than 180 solo items and 15 dance dramas composed and choreographed by Satyam. These solo items and dramas have been staged all over India and abroad. He composed his first dance drama "Sri Krishna Parijatham" in the same period followed by another hit "Ksheera Sagara Madanam" and played the lead role. His portrayal of Lord Shiva and his choreography was well received.
Awards and honours.
Chinna Satyam was conferred with many titles and awards such as "Sangeet Peeth of Bombay", "Asthana Natyacharya of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam","T.T.K. Memorial Award" by Madras Music Academy, "Natya Kalasaagara of Waltair", "Raja-Lakshmi Award of Madras", "Kalaprapoorna" from Andhra University, "Natya Kala Bhushana of Guntur", "Bharatha Kalaprapoorna of Hyderabad", D. Litt. from Sri Venkateswara University, "Asthana Natyacharya of Pittsburgh", and "National Award from Central Sangeet Naatak Akademi, New Delhi". He was awarded by many state governments of India such as Kalidas Puraskar by the Government of Madhya Pradesh and Kalaimamani by the Government of Tamil Nadu. He was honored with a Doctorate degree by Andhra University. He was also awarded the Padma Bhushan by the Government of India.
External links.
http://www.kuchipudi.com/
Vempati Chinna Satyam Dies http://wowtelugucinema.com/snoop-news/vempati-china-satyam-dies.html

</doc>
<doc id="18856633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856633" title="Werner Schramm">
Werner Schramm

Werner Schramm (1898 in Duisburg, Germany – 1970 in Düsseldorf, Germany) was a German painter. He was born as a son of merchants. After a classical education, he entered the school of Decorative Arts in Düsseldorf. In 1919 he began painting again after having been interrupted by the First World War. He was influenced by German expressionism and also by the first expressions of abstract art. The discovery of the Isenheim Altarpiece of Matthias Grünewald, which was temporarily exhibited at the Munich Pinacothek, was a revelation to him and he started his first attempts in middle-ages techniques: a well performed drawing on a priming of chalk or plaster with a mixture of oil and yolk of egg as paint.
In 1920 he was appointed decorator at the theatre of Düsseldorf. After his marriage in 1925 to Liselotte Heckmann he lived for a year near Florence and then five years in Paris. During that time he journeyed many times across France. In 1929 he went to Spain. From 1931 to 1970 he lived with his family in Düsseldorf.

</doc>
<doc id="18856644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856644" title="Benoît Caranobe">
Benoît Caranobe

Benoît Caranobe (born in Vitry-sur-Seine on June 12, 1980) is a French gymnast who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Caranobe was the first Frenchman to medal in the Individual All-Around competition since Marco Torrès won silver and Jean Gounot won bronze in said event at the 1920 Antwerp Olympics.
2004 Athens Olympics.
In his first Olympic appearance, Benoît Caranobe placed 19th in the men's all around competition and helped the French men's team to a 9th place finish in the team qualification, though not enough to make the team finals.
2008 Beijing Olympics.
Caranobe qualified to the all around finals in tenth place, 2.950 points behind the leader Yang Wei. In the all-around finals, Caranobe finished in third place, ahead of medal favorites Hiroyuki Tomita, Fabian Hambüchen, and Yang Tae-Young. His third place finish is particularly surprising given that Benoît had placed only third at the French National Gymnastics championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18856683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856683" title="Bohmini.A">
Bohmini.A

Bohmini.A is a configurable remote access tool or Trojan.
Bohmini.A exploits security flaws in Adobe Flash 9.0.115 with Internet Explorer 7.0 and Firefox 2.0 under Windows XP SP2. Adobe Flash 9.0.124 is not known to be vulnerable to Bohmini.A.
In July 2008, it was known that Bohmini.A spread as malvertising from 247mediadirect through an advertising network via the social networking site Facebook.
Bohmini.A is detected by at least one known anti-virus product; Microsoft Windows Live OneCare. However, as of August 12, 2008, Microsoft Windows Live OneCare does not remove Bohmini.A completely, although it claims to have detected and removed it.
To remove Bohmini.A under Windows XP, run a known detecting anti-virus product such as Windows Live OneCare and then go to Control Panel and select Switch to Classic View. Then select Scheduled Tasks and remove all tasks with the prefix At such as At1, ..., At24.
The Bohmini.A installation is customizable and therefore each of the implementations vary.
For example, the executable names vary.
Bohmini.A is configured to notify and update itself over HTTP.

</doc>
<doc id="18856716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856716" title="Journal of Green Building">
Journal of Green Building

The Journal of Green Building is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on green buildings, applications, techniques, and processes. It was established in 2006 and the editor-in-chief is Steffen Lehmann (University of South Australia). The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Arts & Humanities Citation Index and Current Contents/Arts & Humanities.

</doc>
<doc id="18856737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856737" title="Memphis Sound">
Memphis Sound

The Memphis Sound Drum and Bugle Corps was an Open Class DCI drum and bugle corps based in Collierville, TN. They won the Drum Corps International Division III World Championship in 2007. Memphis Sound made Division II/III (now Open Class) Finals every season since 2004.
The corps is currently inactive, after having finished the 2009 season. 
History.
Memphis Sound was founded in 2002 (inaugural season 2003) in an effort to return a Junior Drum & Bugle Corps to Tennessee, which had not seen one since the dissolution of the Memphis Blues Brass Band in the 1980s.
There has been talk among vets of the corps of wanting to start the corps back up, but nothing has been set in stone.
2007 Championship.
In 2007, Memphis Sound won their first championship with their program "Harmonic Voices." The program featured the choral music of Karl Jenkins (Sol-fa: Song of Aeolus), Eric Whitacre ("Lux Aurumque"), and Giuseppe Verdi (Dies Irae).
The brassline had an undefeated season, while the percussion had a season-long rivalry with Revolution. Both sections won their respective performance captions at Finals.
The corps was ranked in the Top 3 of both Divisions II and III throughout the season (leading Division III for the majority). During Finals week, the corps fell back to fifth place in Division II, but won the Division III championship with a score of 90.550. Their score peaked at the Semifinals competition with a 91.525.
Semifinals Fiasco.
On the morning of the 2007 Semifinals, Memphis Sound began to prepare for the competition in the early afternoon. The corps was housed at a Good Nite Inn in Sylmar, CA (a little over a half hour from Pasadena City Community College where the competition was to be held). As the time to load the buses came and went, the corps realized there was going to be a problem. One bus was incapacitated, and the other was not present. The gate time for the corps was 1:20pm PST, and the bus did not arrive until 12:25pm PST.
The corps split into two groups (essentially brass and percussion with the guard taking whatever empty space there was), and the bus had to make two trips. The corps made it to the stadium with enough time for the brass to have a 10-minute warm-up, the battery even less, and the pit did not even have time to set up their instruments (this was done by parent volunteers). As the "Drum Major, Andrew Snead, is your corps ready?" announcement was made (indicating 60 seconds until the judging began), the corps had not yet rounded the wall leading into the stadium. A fan in the stands even shouted "Does it look like they're ready?!?!" Given instructions to "get out there NOW!" the corps members ran onto the field.
As the show ended, a scream from the front sideline to, "Cut the taps, and get [. . .] off the field!" was heard. The corps members then proceeded to the parking garage where they were informed that a timing penalty had been avoided by mere seconds.
This stressful situation resulted in a score of 91.525 (the corps' highest score to date), and the best performance of their season (as described by both members and many in the audience).

</doc>
<doc id="18856743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856743" title="National Lampoon Lemmings">
National Lampoon Lemmings

"National Lampoon's Lemmings", a spinoff of the humor magazine "National Lampoon", was a 1973 stage show which helped launch the performing careers of John Belushi, Christopher Guest, and Chevy Chase. The show was co-written and co-directed by a number of people including Sean Kelly. The show opened at The Village Gate on January 25, 1973, and ran for 350 performances.
The first half of the show was sketch comedy; the second half was a mock rock festival, "Woodshuck: Three Days of Peace, Love and Death", a parody of "Woodstock: Three Days of Peace and Music". "Woodshuck" featured spoofs of Woodstock performers, including Joe Cocker and Joan Baez, as well as a parodies of Bob Dylan and James Taylor, plus songs performed by fictional groups (e.g. the "Motown Manifestoes" singing "Papa was a Running Dog Lackey of the Bourgeoisie").
The songs from the show were subsequently issued as a record album. A video of one of the original performances, "National Lampoon: Lemmings: Dead in Concert 1973", was eventually made available several decades later.
Cast.
The cast included:
Later cast replacements:
Writers.
The writers included:
Cast recording.
A cast recording of the show was released in 1973, with album cover art by Melinda Bordelon.

</doc>
<doc id="18856747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856747" title="The Butterfly Hunter">
The Butterfly Hunter

The Butterfly Hunter is the (as yet) unpublished debut novel by Birmingham-based British writer Dr. Max Malik, which has drawn comparisons with Salman Rushdie's controversial work "The Satanic Verses". "The Butterfly Hunter" was completed in 2008, and submitted by the author to the Muslim Writers Awards in 2008, as an entry in the Novel category. The author was winner of the Muslim Writer of the Year Award in 2007, and the organisers of the Awards project described his 2008 submission as "one of the best" received. "The Butterfly Hunter" was a shortlisted nominee in the Novel category of the Muslim Writers Awards in 2008, along with four other works. However, the book was never submitted to the independent judging panel tasked with adjudicating competition entries.
This omission of "The Butterfly Hunter" from the judging process has caused much public controversy. The author has claimed that the novel was censored by the Muslim Writers Awards due to its controversial content. However, the organisers of the Awards have strenuously denied the accusation, and have insisted that the matter is under investigation. The organisers have also stated that the omission is likely to have been an oversight, although this claim has met with some public cynicism.
The narrative centres around two British protagonists, Jimmy and Jessica, who become involved in a terrorist plot and are recruited by extremists and become suicide bombers. The novel includes several controversial characters and plot-lines, including sexual abuse of children by a Mosque teacher and a bisexual Imam who habitually hires rent boys.
Despite the controversy, and his belief that the organisers of the Muslim Writers Awards found his work "unpalatable", Dr. Max Malik has insisted that the book should not be regarded as "the second coming of "The Satanic Verses"", as he believes that the novel is "neither blasphemous nor disrespectful towards any particular group or individual."

</doc>
<doc id="18856784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856784" title="Nelson Rapids">
Nelson Rapids

Nelson Rapids is a very prominent feature located on the North Seal River just west of Egenolf Lake, Manitoba, which occur in a narrow section where the river is approximately 75 meters wide. The entire length of the rapids is nearly 700 meters. 
Nelson Rapids is named after a Canadian war casualty, Private Loren Nelson from Sprague, Manitoba. Loren Nelson died near Werlte, Germany on 10 April 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="18856795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856795" title="Koffler Centre of the Arts">
Koffler Centre of the Arts

See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below.
The Koffler Centre of the Arts is a broad-based cultural institution established in 1977 by Murray and Marvelle Koffler and based until 2013 in the North York area of Toronto, on Bathurst Street within the Bathurst Jewish Community Centre. In November 2013, the Koffler opened its administrative offices and the new Koffler Gallery at Artscape Youngplace in the West Queen West area of downtown Toronto. It is a Jewish cultural institution with a broad mandate to serve all, and present a wide range of artistic programs through a global lens in a specifically Canadian context. The Koffler’s mission is to bring people together through arts and culture to create a more civil and global society.
Activities and Facilities.
The Koffler presents exhibitions of cutting-edge contemporary Canadian art with the Koffler Gallery; teaches classes in visual art and ceramics to all ages at the Prosserman JCC; and is home to the Helen and Stan Vine Canadian Jewish Book Awards, the annual Toronto Jewish Literary Festival, and the Koffler Chamber Orchestra. It presents concerts, film screenings, literary events, and discussions on world issues through the lens of culture. Rooted in the Jewish community of Toronto, one of the most vibrant in the world, the Koffler specializes in an interdisciplinary mix of programs to bring artists and the community together. In 2009, the Koffler Centre of the Arts was incorporated for charitable status in Canada.
Koffler Centre of the Arts at the Prosserman JCC.
In July 2009, the Koffler Centre of the Arts moved its administrative offices, and classes and workshops in ceramics, painting and drawing, visual art, photography, sculpture, and mixed media into the Gales Family Pavilion of the Prosserman JCC on Sherman Campus. Sherman Campus is located at 4588/4600 Bathurst Street, just north of Sheppard Avenue, Toronto. In fall 2013, the Koffler moved its offices downtown to Artscape Youngplace, but continues to offer a full selection of classes at the Prosserman JCC.
Koffler Centre of the Arts at Artscape Youngplace.
In November 2011, the Koffler Centre of the Arts announced that it is joining the Artscape Youngplace project in Toronto's downtown art and design district. The organization signed a five-year lease with Artscape to occupy a prominent space on the main floor of the new arts and cultural centre located at 180 Shaw Street, just north of Queen Street West, in the historic Shaw Street School.
Artscape Youngplace is a 75,000 sq. ft. centre for creative collaboration housing a diverse mix of creators working in a variety of disciplines, as well as arts, community and social mission organizations. Other owners and tenants include Luminato Festival, Centre for Indigenous Theatre, Inter-Galactic Arts Co-op, College-Montrose Children's Place, Paperhouse Studio, Red Pepper Spectacle Arts, SKETCH, Small World Music Society, Typology Projects, The Developing Tank, and artists Barbara Astman, Eve Egoyan, Heather Nichol, Shabnam K. Ghazi, and Vid Ingelevics.
Starting in fall 2013, Koffler Gallery exhibitions and related programs will be based at Artscape Youngplace. Koffler programs, including classes in visual art and ceramics will continue at the Prosserman JCC on Sherman Campus.
Artscape Youngplace opened in November 2013. The Koffler Centre of the Arts administrative offices and the Koffler Gallery are located in a 4,600 sq. ft. space on the main floor of the building.
Koffler Gallery.
The Koffler Gallery was established in 1980 and initially developed a successful range of exhibitions on contemporary crafts. It shifted its mandate in 1994 to focus on contemporary Canadian art. From 1980 to 2009, the Gallery was located in its own dedicated space at the Bathurst Jewish Community Centre. In 2009, the Gallery moved its programming off-site when the Bathurst Jewish Community Centre was demolished. From 2009 to 2013, the Gallery exhibited its exhibitions and site-specific installations in various locations across the Greater Toronto area, including Honest Ed's, an abandoned house, the Jack Layton Ferry Docks, city sidewalks, parking lots, construction hoarding, and other rented or borrowed spaces. In November 2013, the Gallery opened its new downtown space at Artscape Youngplace.
The mandate of the Koffler Gallery is to offer a dynamic forum for the presentation of contemporary art, developing a year-round program of exhibitions, publications, public programs and educational initiatives, and fostering the production of new works by Canadian and international artists in all stages of their careers. Reflecting diverse cultural, material and aesthetic orientations, the program highlights the contemporary Jewish experience in a unique framework that invites a comparative examination of narratives among people of varied heritages within a larger discussion of identity, memory and place.
Leadership and Funding.
The Board of Directors is chaired by Tiana Koffler Boyman. Jill Reitman is Vice Chair. From 2006 to 2013, Lori Starr, former Senior Vice President and Museum Director, Skirball Cultural Center (2001–2006) and former Director of Public Affairs and Communications, the J. Paul Getty Museum and J. Paul Getty Trust, Los Angeles (1986–2001), was the Executive Director. In February 2013, Starr left the Koffler for the position of Executive Director of the Contemporary Jewish Museum in San Francisco. 
In January 2014, Cathy Jonasson was named the Koffler Centre of the Arts' new Executive Director. Senior staff include Mona Filip (Director/Curator, Koffler Gallery), Tony Hewer (Director of Marketing & Communications), Natalie Kertes (Director of Literary Programs), Deborah Nolan (Director of Education), and Serra Erdem (Development & Education Associate).
The Koffler Centre of the Arts is supported and funded by the Koffler Family Foundation, the UJA Federation of Greater Toronto, as well as its patrons, members, donors and corporate sponsors. CIBC Wood Gundy is the Koffler's Cultural Season Sponsor (2009-2014). The Koffler Gallery is a public gallery supported by the City of Toronto through the Toronto Arts Council, the Ontario Arts Council and the Canada Council for the Arts. The Koffler Centre of the Arts also receives annual support from the Ontario Arts Council through the Community and Multidisciplinary Arts Organizations Program, and received funding for renovations to its new space at Artscape Youngplace through the Ontario Trillium Foundation.
Fundraising to support the Koffler’s diverse programs is achieved through several charitable events, philanthropic donations to its exhibitions and programs, and galas. Two fundraisers in 2009, ARTFUL DISH and The Wrecking Ball, were catalysts to support expansion of programs and reach new audience members and patrons. In 2010, the ballet gala "Stars of the 21st Century" was the Koffler's major fundraiser. 
In 2012, the Koffler partnered with Luminato, Toronto's Festival of Arts and Creativity, to present the opening night of Batsheva Dance Company's North American premiere performance of "Sadeh21". Funds raised from the evening supported the Koffler Centre of the Arts and its programs. The evening included a pre-performance dinner at a private residence for Koffler patrons, the contemporary dance performance of "Sadeh21" at the MacMillan Theatre, University of Toronto, and a post-event celebration at the Gardiner Museum. The evening also honoured Senator Linda Frum and Howard Sokolowski for their philanthropic support of the arts.
In 2013, the Koffler's major fundraiser was Koffler Rocks! - a benefit evening featuring music performances by Randy Bachman, The Sadies, and Melanie Fiona. The event took place at Artscape Wychwood Barns on May 2, 2013. 
Funding is directed to educating youth and supplementing the Ontario Educational Curriculum, educating adults and enhancing arts appreciation, creating new opportunities for outstanding international & Canadian exhibitions and cultural performances, highlighting contemporary Jewish culture, building community awareness and understanding, and encouraging cultural dialogue.
Programs.
2008-2009.
In 2008-09, the Koffler presented Israeli art historian Gideon Ofrat in a two-month residency that included a series of public talks on Israeli and Jewish art and art history at the Miles Nadal JCC, and presentations to schools and community groups. The Koffler also presented Israeli musician David Broza on December 23, 2008 at the Leah Posluns Theatre.
From November 1 to 9, 2008, the Koffler presented the 32nd annual Toronto Jewish Book Fair at the Leah Posluns Theatre. Speakers included Alan Dershowitz ("The Case Against Israel's Enemies") on opening night, Ronald Aronson ("Living Without God"), Rabbi Elyse Goldstein ("New Jewish Feminism"), Arie Kaplan ("From Krakow to Krypton: Jews and Comic Books"), Lisa Alcalay Klug ("Cool Jew: The Ultimate Guide for Every Member of the Tribe"), Rabbi Joseph B. Meszler ("A Man’s Responsibility"), Pearl Sofaer ("Baghdad to Bombay: In the Kitchens of My Cousins"), Bonnie Stern ("Friday Night Dinners"), Gerald Tulchinsky ("Canada's Jews: A People's Journey"), Richard Ungar ("Even Higher"), Barrie A. Wilson ("How Jesus Became a Christian"), Anita Diamant ("The Red Tent"), Karen Levine ("Hana’s Suitcase"), Kathy Kacer ("The Diary of Laura’s Twin"), Ami Sands Brodoff ("The White Space Between"), Gina Roitman ("Tell Me a Story, Tell Me the Truth"), Morley Torgov ("A Good Place To Come From and Murder in A-Major"), Howard Shrier ("Buffalo Jump") and Jan Rehner ("Just Murder and On Pain of Death").
In December 2009, the Koffler presented "Crackin’ Up: Canadian Mosaic Comedy Night" at The Rivoli, featuring Daniel Woodrow, Ron Josol, Arthur Simeon, Simon Rakoff, and Lori Pearlstein.
The Koffler Chamber Orchestra, founded in 2005 and led by former Toronto Symphony Orchestra concertmaster Jacques Israelievitch, performed three concerts: "From the Old World to the New World: Music of England and America" on November 16, 2008 at Hart House (University of Toronto); "Folk Feast" on February 22, 2009 at Temple Emanu-El; and "From Russia with Love" on May 31, 2009 at the Toronto Centre for the Arts. 
The 21st annual Helen and Stan Vine Canadian Jewish Book Awards were held on May 25, 2009 at the Al Green Theatre, Miles Nadal JCC. The awards, which recognize Canadian writing on Jewish themes and subjects, are presented in the genres of fiction, non-fiction, history, poetry, Holocaust literature, biography and memoir, scholarship, and youth children’s literature. The 2009 winners included Peter C. Newman, "Izzy: the Passionate Life and Turbulent Times of Izzy Asper" (HarperCollins Canada), Ami Sands Brodoff, "The White Space Between" (Second Story Press), Barrie Wilson, "How Jesus Became Christian" (Random House Canada), Joseph Kertes, "Gratitude" (Penguin Books Canada), Isa Milman, "Prairie Kaddish" (Coteau Books), Reinhold Kramer, "Mordecai Richler: Leaving St. Urban" (McGill-Queen's University Press), David G. Roskies, "YiddishLands" (Wayne State University Press), and Kathy Kacer, "The Diary of Laura's Twin" (Second Story Press). 
The Koffler Gallery presented the exhibitions Nina Levitt: "Thin Air", from March 6 to April 18, 2008; Karilee Fuglem: "here within our curving spaces" from May 15 to July 13, 2008; and Akira Yoshikawa: "the way of now" from September 11 to November 30, 2008. Yoshikawa’s exhibition was the last to be held in the former Gallery space in the BJCC. The Gallery was demolished along with the Koffler offices and the BJCC in spring/summer 2009 to prepare for construction of the new Sherman Campus and Koffler Centre of the Arts.
In the interim, the Koffler Gallery began to program off-site at locations around Toronto. The first off-site exhibition was Iris Häussler: "Honest Threads", from January 22 to March 8, 2009. The exhibition was presented on the second floor of Honest Ed's, a large discount store located at Bathurst and Bloor Streets in Toronto. Haussler’s project, which garnered media attention in the Toronto Star, National Post, The Globe and Mail, Canadian Jewish News, CBC Radio, Now (magazine) and Fiberarts, invited “visitors to wear and live with an article of clothing or accessory they've borrowed from the exhibit, donated by strangers who provide background information on their item.”
The Koffler Gallery’s second off-site project was Diane Landry: "The Magic Shield", March 19 to May 3, 2009 at the Beaver Hall Gallery.
2009-2010.
In 2009-10, the Koffler Centre of the Arts presented the second year of off-site programming around the greater Toronto area, the first year of arts education in the new Prosserman JCC facilities, and programs in the new spaces on Sherman Campus, including the book review series "Treasures in Jewish Literature" and the screening of the Israeli mini-series "A Touch Away". The "crEATivity club", presented together with the Prosserman JCC, was held the last Wednesday of every month and featured interactive cultural programming during the day. 
The 33rd annual Toronto Jewish Book Fair was held from October 24 to November 1, 2009 in the renovated Lipa Green Centre for Community Jewish Services. Over twenty-five authors were featured, including Noah Alper ("Business Mensch: Timeless Wisdom for Today’s Entrepreneur"), Michael Wex ("How to be a Mentsh and Not a Shmuck: The Secrets of the Good Life from the Most Unpopular People on Earth"), Seymour Epstein ("From Couscous to Kasha"), David G. Roskies ("Yiddishlands"), Fred Kaufman ("Searching for Justice"), David Sax ("Save the Deli"), Lily Poritz Miller ("In a Pale Blue Light"), Nava Semel ("And the Rat Laughed"), Marc H. Stevens ("Escape, Evasion and Revenge"), Rabbi Erwin Schild ("And Miles to Go Before I Sleep: Six Walks With a Day of Rest"), Rosanne Bernard ("Knittishisms: The Zen of Jewish Knitting"), Kathy Kacer and Sharon McKay ("Whispers from the Camps"), Lauren Kirshner ("Where We Have to Go"), Cary Fagan ("Valentine's Fall"), Sidura Ludwig ("Holding My Breath"), Adam Sol ("Jeremiah, Ohio"), Aviva Allen ("The Organic Kosher Cookbook"), Karen Fisman ("Adventure in Latkaland"), and Kathy Clark ("Guardian Angel House").
On November 8, 2009, the Koffler presented Israeli musician Kobi Oz at the Mod Club Theatre in Toronto. Oz, lead singer of the Israeli band Teapacks, performed "Psalms for the Perplexed" for the first time outside of Israel. On November 18, 2009, the Koffler presented the Toronto premiere of British-born Israeli Robbie Gringras’ one-man play, "About the Oranges", “a short play about suicide bombs” in which Gringras "stripped the Middle East conflict down to its essentials: pain and comedy." The following night at the Miles Nadal JCC, Gringras moderated the discussion "Staging Struggle", as part of "One World, Double Take" series. A panel consisting of Philip Akin (Obsidian Theatre Company, Toronto), Majdi Bou-Matar (the MT Space - Multicultural Theatre, Kitchener), Jennifer Herszman Capraru (Theatre Asylum, Toronto and ISôKo, Rwanda), and David Yee (fu-GEN Theatre Company, Toronto) examined theatre as a force for social change.
On January 27, 2010, the Koffler presented the first "Musical Melding" series performance, featuring Toronto-based Juno-nominated world music group Jaffa Road together with Guelph-based Eccodek, at Lula Lounge. On April 25, 2010 the second "Musical Melding" performance took place at Hugh's Room and featured Jaffa Road performing together with Iraqi-Jewish musician Yair Dalal. While in Toronto, Dalal played at elementary and secondary schools and taught master classes on Iraqi and Jewish-Arabic music. 
In March 2010, the Koffler presented "Cine-Seder Roundtable" at Victoria College, University of Toronto, together with the Centre for Jewish Studies. A panel of U of T professors discussed Toronto-artist Melissa Shiff’s video sculpture "Cine-Seder Plate", installed for that night. 
The Koffler Chamber Orchestra, led by former Toronto Symphony Orchestra concertmasterJacques Israelievitch, performed three concerts: "Mendelssohn and More" on November 22, 2009 at Temple Emanu-El, Toronto; "From Sweden to Italy with Stops in Jerusalem and Prague" on February 28, 2010 at Shaar Shalom Synagogue, Thornhill; and "An Italian Music Holiday" on May 2, 2010 at the Conrad Centre for the Performing Arts in Kitchener, Ontario. 
The 22nd annual Helen and Stan Vine Canadian Jewish Book Awards were held on May 27, 2010 at the Al Green Theatre, Miles Nadal JCC. The 2010 winners included Robin McGrath, "The Winterhouse" (Creative Book Publishing), Allan Levine, "Coming of Age: A History of the Jewish People of Manitoba" (Jewish Heritage Centre of Western Canada and Heartland Associates), Michael Marrus, "Some Measure of Justice: The Holocaust Era Restitution Campaign of the 1990s" (University of Wisconsin Press), Eva Wiseman, "Puppet" (Tundra Books), David Sax, "Save the Deli" (McClelland & Stewart), Kenneth Sherman, "What the Furies Bring" (The Porcupine's Quill), Jeffrey Veidlinger, "Jewish Public Culture in the Late Russian Empire" (Indiana University Press), Goldie Sigal, "Stingy Buzi and King Solomon" (Lomir Hofn Press) and a Special Achievement Award to Howard Engel.
The Koffler Gallery continued to program off-site during 2009-10, presenting Joshua Neustein: "Margins" from June 27, 2009 to March 28, 2010 at the Royal Ontario Museum (ROM). Organized by the Koffler Gallery and the Institute for Contemporary Culture (ICC) at the ROM, the exhibition ran concurrently with the ROM exhibition "Dead Sea Scrolls: Words that Changed the World". The Koffler Gallery also presented the group exhibition "how good are your dwelling places" from January 14 to March 14, 2010. Curated by Rochester-based curator Cyril Reade and located in a vacant residential and commercial space at 23 Beverley Street in Toronto, the exhibition featured works by artists Rita Bakacs, Susan Lakin, Ross Racine and Allen Topolski. "Auguststrasse 25", by Toronto-based sound artist E.C. Woodley, was presented from April 22 to May 30, 2010, in the Kiever Synagogue in Kensington Market, Toronto. The multi-media exhibition within one of Toronto’s oldest synagogues recreated a living-room setting typical of a middle-class Jewish home from 1920's Germany, and featured an in-character actress, sounds from 1920’s Berlin radio, and period furniture. The Gallery closed the 2009-10 season with Panya Clark Espinal: "Vagabond Vitrine" from June 27 to August 1, 2010, a sculptural installation located at the Mon Ton Window Gallery on College Street, Toronto.
2010-2011.
In 2010-11, the Koffler presented the 34th Annual Toronto Jewish Book Fair, from October 23 to 31, 2010 at Beth David B'nai Israel Beth Am Synagogue. Award-winning Israeli author and peace activist David Grossman opened the Fair and spoke on his new novel, "To the End of the Land". Tarek Fatah, political activist, writer, broadcaster, and founder of the Muslim Canadian Congress closed the Fair with his 2010 book, "The Jew is not my Enemy: Unveiling the Myths that Fuel Muslim Anti-Semitism". Other featured authors included Anna Porter ("The Ghosts of Europe"), George Gilder ("The Israel Test"), Harold Troper ("The Defining Decade"), David Brody ("Mourning and Celebration – Jewish, Orthodox and Gay Past and Present"), Lynda Fishman ("Repairing Rainbows: A True Story of Family"), Gregory Levey ("How to Make Peace in the Middle East in Six Months or Less Without Leaving Your Apartment"), Kate Taylor (novelist) ("A Man in Uniform"), Judie Oron ("Cry of the Giraffe"), Savyon Liebrecht ("The Women My Father Knew"), and Joseph Kertes ("Gratitude"). 
On October 19, 2010, the Koffler presented the Toronto premiere performance of Israeli jazz composer and bassist Avishai Cohen at the Isabel Bader Theatre, U of T. In November 2010, the "One World, Double Take series" continued with a panel discussion on boundary-crossing artistic expression presented together with the Centre for Diaspora and Transnational Studies, U of T. The panel featured artist and curator Millie Chen, First Nations artist Arthur Renwick, actor Marika Schwandt, and David Shneer. Shneer, professor at the University of Colorado and editor of the books "Queer Jews" and "Torah Queeries", was the Koffler’s scholar-in-residence in fall 2010, and gave talks on the Russian Jewish Diaspora and his original research into the Soviet Jewish photographers between the World Wars. 
The Koffler Chamber Orchestra, led by former Toronto Symphony Orchestra concertmaster Jacques Israelievitch, performed three concerts: Music That Survived on November 7, 2010 at Temple Emanu-El; English Gems for Strings on Sunday, February 13, 2011 at the Conrad Centre for the Performing Arts, Kitchener; and Back to Bach, Viva Vivaldi on April 10, 2011 at the Gladstone Hotel (Toronto). 
On May 4, 2011 the Koffler presented Texas-based singer, performer, author, and political activist Kinky Friedman at the St. Lawrence Centre for the Arts.
The 23rd annual Helen and Stan Vine Canadian Jewish Book Awards were held on May 30, 2010 at the Bram & Bluma Appel Salon at the Toronto Reference Library. The 2011 winners included Alison Pick, "Far to Go" (House of Anansi Press), Tarek Fatah, "The Jew is not my Enemy: Unveiling the Myths that Fuel Muslim Anti-Semitism" (McClelland & Stewart), Robert Eli Rubinstein, "An Italian Renaissance: Choosing Life In Canada" (Urim Publications), Charles Foran, "Mordecai: The Life and Times" (Random House Canada), Harold Troper, "The Defining Decade: Identity, Politics, and the Canadian Jewish Community in the 1960s" (University of Toronto Press) and Judie Oron, "Cry of the Giraffe" (Annick Press). The awards ceremony was hosted by award-winning and bestselling author Michael Wex.
The Koffler Gallery continued off-site in 2010-11 with the group exhibition "MIXEDFIT" from September 21 to November 28, 2010. The exhibition, located within four Toronto Balisi stores, featured works silkscreened onto T-shirts by artists Millie Chen (Canada), Emelie Chhangur (Canada), Hannah Claus (Canada), Stefan Hoffmann (The Netherlands), and Dan Perjovschi (Romania) and was presented in conjunction with Printopolis: International Symposium on Printmaking. From February 17 to April 17, 2011, the Koffler Gallery presented "Graphic Details: Confessional Comics by Jewish Women" off-site at the Gladstone Hotel (Toronto) and curated by Michael Kaminer and Sarah Lightman. The touring group exhibition featured original drawings, autobiographical comics and graphic novels from eighteen Canadian and international Jewish women artists, including Vanessa Davis, Bernice Eisenstein, Sarah Glidden, Miriam Katin, Aline Kominsky-Crumb, Miss Lasko-Gross, Sarah Lazarovic, Miriam Libicki, Sarah Lightman, Diane Noomin, Corinne Pearlman, Trina Robbins, Racheli Rotner, Sharon Rudahl, Laurie Sandell, Ariel Schrag, Lauren Weinstein (comics), and Ilana Zeffren. Stephen Cruise: "Share the Moment", from May 5 to August 28, 2011, was a sculptural installation in the Sheppard Plaza, at Bathurst and Sheppard Streets, Toronto. The artist transformed the vacant Kodak Fotomat drive-through photo processing booth in the parking lot, rear-projecting images of photographs collected from the North York community. The installation was a feature exhibition of the 2011 Scotiabank CONTACT photography festival. The final Koffler Gallery exhibition of the 2010-11 season was "Lyla Rye: Swing Stage". A site-specific installation off-site at Olga Korper Gallery, "Swing Stage" was a large wooden platform suspended with chains from the building's structural trusses supporting the roof. A circular screen displayed a video projection referencing the view out of the round window atop the eastern gallery wall. The video spanned a 1930s rendering of the building, footage recorded on site, and a Google Earth model view of the neighbourhood. The exhibition received press coverage in the National Post, on Canadian Art (magazine)'s website, Akimblog
2011-2012.
The Koffler Centre of the Arts presented Koffler @ the IFOA, a day of Russian-Jewish themed literary programs at Harbourfront Centre's International Festival of Authors on October 23, 2011. The day featured discussions on Soviet Jewry with authors Gal Beckerman ("When They Come for Us We'll Be Gone"), David Bezmozgis ("The Free World"), Gary Shteyngart ("Super Sad True Love Story") and Irwin Cotler, Canadian Member of Parliament (Mount Royal) and international human rights attorney. Award-winning Israeli novelist Michal Govrin and translator Peter Filkins also spoke on the subject of translation.
The Koffler Centre of the Arts was invited by the Art Gallery of Ontario to create a range of interpretive programs around the AGO’s 2011 exhibition, "Chagall and the Russian Avant-Garde: Masterpieces from the Collection of the Centre Pompidou, Paris". The first was "Chagall’s Musical World", a two-hour free concert by the Koffler Chamber Orchestra in Walker Court at the AGO on November 20, 2011. Led by violinist and former Toronto Symphony Orchestra concertmaster Jacques Israelievitch, the Orchestra’s performance featured pianist Andrew Burashko and Beyond the Pale's klezmer clarinetist Martin van de Ven. The Koffler Chamber Orchestra performed "Music Off the Map", its second and final concert of the season on March 18, 2012 at Toronto's Gladstone Hotel.
Also in association with the AGO’s Chagall exhibition, the Koffler presented "Past Present: Chagall Through Toronto’s Artists" on December 14, 2011 at the Weston Learning Centre, Art Gallery of Ontario. The evening of music, dance, performance and spoken word included the eight-piece jazz fusion ensemble The Thing Is, selections of contemporary choreography from Kaeja d’Dance, accordionist Sasha Luminsky with Jonno Lightstone, and the debut of an excerpt from "Bella: The Colour of Love", performed by Yiddish jazz performer Theresa Tova together with Montreal pianist Matt Herskowitz.
In March 2012, the Koffler produced and presented "Honeycomb Way", an artistic residency and concert featuring Jewish musical traditions from the Middle East and Eastern Europe. The two-week residency was led by Iraqi-Jewish violinist and oud player Yair Dalal and American trumpetist Frank London from the Grammy Award-winning The Klezmatics, and included the composition of new music with Toronto musicians Waleed Abdulhamid, Jaffa Road's Aviva Chernick, Samba Squad's Rick Shadrach Lazar, Lenka Lichtenberg, Demetrios Petsalakis, Debashis Sinha, and Maryem Tollar. The event culminated in a performance at the St. Lawrence Centre for the Arts on March 28, 2012. Dalal and London also taught a master class and visited several Toronto-area schools.
The 34th annual Toronto Jewish Book Festival (formerly known as the Toronto Jewish Book Fair) opened in June 2012 at the Bram and Bluma Appel Salon at the Toronto Reference Library. The Festival featured over 35 international and Canadian authors, panels, book launches, musical events, films, slideshows, student programs, and books for sale over a 4-day period. Opening night featured American author Shalom Auslander ("", "Hope: A Tragedy"); other talks/readings included Michele Landsberg ("Writing the Revolution"), Steven Gimbel ("Einstein’s Jewish Science"), True North Records founder Bernie Finkelstein ("True North: A Life Inside the Music Business"), Carol Bishop-Gwyn and Fraidie Martz ("A Fiery Soul: The Life and Theatrical Times of John Hirsch" - also short-listed for the 2012 Governor General's Awards), David Berlin ("The Moral Lives of Israelis – Reinventing the Dream State"), Richard Brody ("The Patagonian Hare: A Memoir") and Lilian Nattel ("Web of Angels"). The Festival also featured a special spotlight on the Azrieli Foundation films "Holocaust Survivor Memoirs", and a series of daytime children and school programs featuring Karen Levine on the 10th anniversary of the international bestselling "Hana’s Suitcase", and authors Aubrey Davis, Anne Dublin, and Lesley Simpson. 
The Toronto Jewish Book Festival culminated in the 24th annual Helen and Stan Vine Canadian Jewish Book Awards on June 7, 2012. Hosted by broadcaster and host of CBC Radio One's "The Sunday Edition" Michael Enright, the 2012 award winners included David Bezmozgis for "The Free World" (HarperCollins Publishers Ltd.), Denis Vaugeois for "Les Premiers Juifs D’Amérique 1760-1860: L’extraordinaire histoire de la famille Hart" (Septentrion), Eli Pfefferkorn for "The Muselmann at the Water Cooler" (Academic Studies Press), Richard Marceau for "Juif, Une Histoire Québécoise" (Éditions Du Marais), S. Weilbach for "Singing from the Darktime: A Childhood Memoir in Poetry and Prose" (McGill- Queen's University Press), Kalman Weiser for "Jewish People, Yiddish Nation: Noah Prylucki and the Folkists in Poland" (University of Toronto Press), Rebecca Margolis for "Jewish Roots, Canadian Soil: Yiddish Culture in Montreal, 1905-1945" (McGill-Queen's University Press), Fraidie Martz and Andrew Wilson for "A Fiery Soul: The Life and Theatrical Times of John Hirsch" (Véhicule Press), and Lesley Simpson for "Yuvi’s Candy Tree" (Kar-Ben Publishing). 
Continuing with its Off-Site program, the Koffler Gallery presented four exhibitions in 2011-12. "Spin Off: Contemporary Art Circling the Mandala", at 80 Spadina Ave. (September 22 to December 4, 2011) featured Aya Ben Ron (Israel), Mircea Cantor (France/Romania), Vandana Jain (USA), Gary James Joynes/Clinker (Canada), Melissa Shiff (Canada) and Jennifer Zackin (USA) and was guest curated by Evelyn Tauben. "Museum of the Represented City", the first a solo exhibition at a public gallery by Toronto artist Flavio Trevisan was also off-site at 80 Spadina (January 19 to April 8, 2012). The exhibition featured three-dimensional maps representing Toronto neighborhoods and cityscapes and received press coverage with reviews the National Post, blogTO, and Torontoist. The Koffler Gallery presented the first Canadian survey of the works of internationally acclaimed Israeli photographer Adi Nes, off-site at Olga Korper Gallery (May 3 to June 2, 2012). A Featured Exhibition in the 2012 Scotiabank CONTACT Photography Festival, it included Nes’ most prominent photographs from the "Soldiers" (1994-2000), "Boys" (2000) and "Biblical Stories" (2003-2006) series, including "Untitled (The Last Supper)" (1999). The exhibition received significant press coverage, including reviews in The Globe and Mail, National Post, Canadian Art, NOW Magazine, Toronto Standard, and Canadian Jewish News. The Koffler Gallery closed its 2011-12 season the group exhibition "Summer Special", off-site at Honest Ed's store in Toronto (June 21 to November 11, 2012). Taking inspiration from the signs and show bills of Toronto’s landmark discount store, the exhibition included site-specific installations both inside and outside the store by Toronto artists Corinne Carlson, Robin Collyer, Barr Gilmore, Jen Hutton, Sarah Lazarovic and Vancouver-based Ron Terada. Press coverage included the Toronto Star, NOW Magazine, Canadian Art, The Jewish Daily Forward, and blogTO. In association with the exhibition and the Toronto Fringe Festival, the Koffler presented a free concert in Honest Ed’s alley with the Toronto band The Pining on July 12, 2012.
2012-2013.
The 2012-13 season opened on September 3, 2012 with a performance by the Mexican klezmer band Klezmerson at the 2012 Ashkenaz Festival at Harbourfront Centre. On September 6, 2012, the Koffler presented a talk by author Roy Doliner at the Columbus Centre. Doliner, co-author of the international bestselling book "The Sistine Secrets", spoke on hidden Jewish messages concealed in the Sistine Chapel.
In association with the exhibition "Summer Special" and together with 
The Koffler returned to the International Festival of Authors (IFOA) with Koffler @ the IFOA on October 28, 2012 featuring British author Howard Jacobson, author of the 2010 Man Booker Prize-winning "The Finkler Question", and "Zoo Time" (2012). Finkler was in conversation with Dan Friedman, the Managing Editor of New York’s "The Jewish Daily Forward". On November 1, 2012, the Koffler together with Size Doesn’t Matter and Sternthal Books presented Tamar Tal's award-winning Israeli documentary "Life in Stills" at the Bloor Hot Docs Cinema on November 1, 2012. The film screening was followed by a Q & A with the film’s Ben Peter. 
The Koffler Chamber Orchestra opened its 2012-13 season "Musical Crossroads" on Sunday December 2, 212 at Temple Emanu-El. The final performance of the Orchestra’s season, "Fuguing Around", was on March 10, 2013 at the Gladstone Hotel.
From February 17 to March 1, 2013, the Koffler Centre of the Arts and Ashkenaz Foundation presented the Canadian premiere and artist residency of internationally acclaimed Buenos Aires, Argentina-based musician, artist and educator Simja Dujov. Dujov’s two-week artistic residency included educational activities with youth, including master classes with music students at TanenbaumCHAT and a two-week workshop with SKETCH, an organization focused on bringing cultural opportunities to homeless and underprivileged youth in Toronto. Dujov’s residency was capped off by a sold-out performance at Lula Lounge on February 27. 
The annual Toronto Jewish Literary Festival (formerly known at the Toronto Jewish Book Fair/Festival) was presented from June 1 to 9, 2013. The re-envisioned Festival focused on presenting top-quality literary programs geared towards diverse audiences in different locations and in partnership with other Jewish organizations across the City of Toronto and in Vaughan. Participating authors included Fania Oz-Salzberger, David Layton, Irving Abella, Frieda Forman, Bill Gladstone, Pierre Anctil, Benjamin Hackman, Ronna Bloom, Jacob Scheier, Dr. Nora Gold, Martin Levin, Cary Fagan, and Beverley Slopen. Festival events were held at the Miles Nadal JCC, Beth David Synagogue, Ben McNally Books, the Toronto Reference Library, and the Schwartz/Reisman Centre. Partnering organizations included the Miles Nadal JCC, Committee for Yiddish, Friends of Yiddish, Toronto Workmen's Circle, ShaRna Foundation, Canada-Israel Cultural Foundation, Ontario Jewish Archives, Jewish Fiction.net, Leo Baeck Day School, Schwartz/Reisman Centre, and PJ Library.
The 25th annual Helen and Stan Vine Canadian Jewish Book Awards were awarded at a ceremony on June 6, 2013 at the Bram and Bluma Appel Salon at the Toronto Reference Library. Hosted by former President & Publisher of Penguin Books Canada, Cynthia Good, the 2013 award winners included Aili and Andres McConnon for "Road to Valour: A True Story of World War II Italy, the Nazis, and the Cyclist Who Inspired a Nation" (Doubleday); Nancy Richler for "The Imposter Bride" (Harper Collins); Matti Friedman for "The Aleppo Codex: A True Story of Obsession, Faith, and the Pursuit of an Ancient Bible" (Algonquin Books); Julija Šukys for "Epistolophilia: Writing the Life of Ona Simaite" (University of Nebraska Press); Isa Milman for "Something Small To Carry Home" (Quattro Books); L. Ruth Klein for "Nazi Germany, Canadian Responses: Confronting Antisemitism in the Shadow of War" (McGill-Queen's University Press); Pierre Anctil for "Jacob-Isaac Segal 1869-1954, Un poete yiddish de montreal et son milieu" (Presses de l'Universite Laval); and Sharon E. McKay for "Enemy Territory" (Annick Press).
The Koffler Gallery began its final season of Off-Site programming in 2012-13. "Local Colour Info Centre" at Miracle Thieves (October 4 to November 11, 2012) was a solo exhibition featuring the work of Toronto artist Erica Brisson. Inspired by tourism information centres as well as the process of public consultation, Brisson set up a social space where passersby could share their personal interpretations of the city’s intentional or informal landmarks. Saskatchewan-based sculptor Clint Neufeld’s solo exhibition "Pipe Dreams of Madame Récamier", off-site at General Hardware Contemporary, ran from January 10 to March 3, 2013. Off-site exhibitions by Toronto’s Corwyn Lund and São Paulo’s Iara Freiberg followed in 2013. 
In fall 2013, the Koffler Gallery opened its 2013-2014 season of exhibitions in its new home at Artscape Youngplace in downtown Toronto.
Reena Katz controversy.
In May 2009 The Koffler Centre of the Arts announced it was disassociating itself from artist Reena Katz as a result of her support for Israel Apartheid Week, and a petition that she signed “condemning Zionism to the dustbin of history." The Koffler Centre stated that such activities undermine the existence of Israel as a Jewish state. As stated on its website, undated documents say that the existence of Israel as a Jewish state is a core value of The Koffler. These documents did not exist at the time the controversy began. The website also stated that "we will support artists with diverse views about Israel, we will not endorse anyone who calls for the demise of Israel as a Jewish state." Katz "categorically rejects" this interpretation of her position.
The Koffler Centre of the Arts has kept its contractual financial obligations to the project, "each hand as they are called", which was planned to be associated with Toronto's Luminato festival. Katz' show was to be a non-political celebration of Jewish history in Kensington Market, which the "Toronto Star" described as "a gentle exploration of the layers of multi-ethnic immigrant history in Kensington Market, played out on the market's streets in performance and, in one notably warm-fuzzy intervention, a game of mah jongg between members of a Jewish seniors' centre and a class of Grade 8 students at a nearby school." The Centre's objection was not to the planned installation itself, which they had heartily approved of every step of the way, but to Katz' anti-Zionist views and activism (which was seen as undermining Israel as a Jewish state), prompting Koffler's action to be described as blacklisting by critics. The Centre's response was “Just as every individual has a right to freedom of expression, any organization is free to choose with whom it partners.”
Katz and independent curator Kim Simon, hired by the Koffler Center to curate the project, had been working on it for well over a year, and claim that from the beginning they had made Katz's critical activism concerning Israel clear to the Centre's own curator, Mona Filip (their link to the Centre) who in turn must have told executive director Starr about it. Katz herself describes the effect of having only a single one hour meeting with Starr on May 8, who then immediately issued the Koffler's press statement nationally, as a "stonewalling of internal dissent and debate... At no point along the way was I asked to represent myself, my ideas, or the mandates of the groups I belong to,
despite amicable, almost daily contacts with Filip for many months."
As a result of the Centre's actions, 4 of the 34 artists pulled out of Koffler's summer art party and fundraiser "The Wrecking Ball" as a protest. One artist, Gwen MacGregor, stated "It really speaks to fundamental issues about freedom of expression and freedom of association. It's the thin edge of the wedge, in terms of censorship, and that's a slippery slope." Another artist, Yvonne Singer, the only professional artist on the Koffler Board and an associate professor at York University, where she was in charge of the graduate program in visual art, resigned from the Board. She said, concerning a meeting of the Board's Arts Advisory Committee on May 1 where Starr had raised the issues, "Several of us objected. The exhibition had nothing to do with [Katz's] political views, and in any case, she had a right to them as a citizen." Singer again objected at the May 4 meeting of the full Board, but a majority agreed with Starr. In addition dozens of faculty from OCAD and York Universities signed a letter to the Koffler Centre stating that the latter's "decision is a highly political act that serves to discredit Katz, her work and the validity of the political views and opinions she may hold as a Jew, an artist, and a social citizen." 
In its FAQ (undated and not posted until well after the controversy began), the Koffler Centre of the Arts denies censorship since it did not cancel the exhibition and continued to fund it. They claim that the decision as to whether the exhibition continues remains in the hands of the artist and curator. This point of view was not accepted by journalists such as Murray Whyte, visual arts reporter at the Toronto Star, or Susan G. Cole, senior entertainment editor at Toronto's "Now" weekly magazine, nor was it the view of then Board member Yvonne Singer who told Whyte she "knew right away it would scuttle the whole thing. You can't dissociate like that, and reasonably expect it to survive." Cole noted the domino effect that the Koffler's quickly issued press release had on others involved in the project, in effect virtually terminating it 12 days before it was to open.
"each hand as they are called" finally went forward after the Koffler's lawyer reached a settlement with Ms. Katz's lawyer and was presented (in a much modified form) from October 1 to 25, 2009.
The Toronto Arts Council, which provides substantial financial support to The Koffler, addressed the situation: "We're asking (Koffler) if this signals a change in policy," said Claire Hopkinson, TAC's executive director. "We're taking it very seriously." While the Toronto Arts Council after a formal review has confirmed that its funding of The Centre will continue, it also noted that Koffler had been "in violation of the City of Toronto's non-discrimination policy regarding an individual's right to freedom of political association" but declined to say what changes they were required to make.
The Koffler Centre of the Arts has since published its Core Values on its website.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18856801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856801" title="Caribbean Connection">
Caribbean Connection

Caribbean Connection is a compilation album released in 2008 featuring a variety of Dancehall and Reggaeton artists.

</doc>
<doc id="18856805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856805" title="Ralston High School">
Ralston High School

Ralston High School is located in Ralston, a suburb of Omaha, Nebraska. The school opened in 1954, as a 7–12 building, when it was located at 82nd and Lakeview Drive, and relocated to its current address on 8969 Park Drive in 1969. Prior to 1954 Ralston students went to Omaha South High School as Ralston Schools only had grades K-8. The former high school building was converted to the middle school. Ralston High School's colors are Red, White and Columbian Blue. In 2006, Ralston High School's enrollment jumped from 850 students to 1090 students, and it is also becoming a more diverse school.
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
The athletic programs are known as the Ralston Rams. Ralston participates in Nebraska's second-largest class. Ralston's baseball teams have experienced similar success, with 18 appearances in the state tournament, their most recent appearance in 2006. The Rams have been in the finals seven times, and captured the state title seven times, holding the second most state titles in baseball, behind Creighton Prep's 8. The football team has been fairly decent as well since Head Coach Tyler Zahn took over. They made an appearance in the State Finals in 2002 when they beat their rival Gross to make it to Memorial Stadium in Lincoln. Ralston played tough but lost to McCook. The closest the Rams have come to the finals again was in 2011 when the Rams beat Scottsbluff in Scottsbluff and came home to face the top seed Gretna where they lost. Ralston Basketball has also had some fantastic success lately. Winning the State Title in 2008 against Beatrice. From that team Ralston had two top athletes that went and played Division 1 Basketball at Colorado State. Brothers Greg and Dwight Smith led the team that year and they were both nominated as All-State in 2008. Ralston Basketball is one of the top programs in the last decade behind Beatrice and Gretna with a winning percentage of 64.3% and a win total of 146 in the last 10 years. The Rams have had most of their success from their student section known as the "Rowdies" which attends every major sporting event.
Arts.
The Ralston Performing Arts Centre is currently located inside Ralston High School. This stage is used once a year in the summer by the Ralston Community Theatre and it is used all throughout the school year by the Ralston Drama students. The theatre, along with the entire school, was recently renovated and now seats 600+ people. The "new theatre's" first show was Les Misérables in May 2005.
The Ralston Fine Arts Department has had success in recent years. The band has almost tripled in size, received numerous awards including best drumline, best drum major, and has had continuous success at competitions receiving all superior and excellent ratings.
Debate.
The Ralston Debate Team has had much success in recent years under the coaching of Jennifer Stark. They have qualified for the National Tournament multiple times, and took home 3rd place Sweepstakes at the start of the 2013 season. The team has doubled in size in recent years, increasing the number of students and participants in a wide variety of events. The team competes in Lincoln-Douglas, Public Forum, and Congressional Debate, at the state and national level.

</doc>
<doc id="18856810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856810" title="Ptilotus macrocephalus">
Ptilotus macrocephalus

Ptilotus macrocephalus (also "Green Pussytails", "Featherheads" or "Tall Mulla Mulla") is a native Australian perennial herb growing up to high. It is found across all Australian mainland states, mainly in the drier inland areas. "P. macrocephalus" has green to white ovoid flower heads.

</doc>
<doc id="18856821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856821" title="AC Golden Brewing Company">
AC Golden Brewing Company

The AC Golden Brewing Company is a subsidiary of MillerCoors, a joint venture between SABMiller and Molson Coors Brewing Company. Its purpose is to serve as a specialty brewing arm of MillerCoors, in the words of president Glenn Knippenberg, "Our mission for AC Golden is to be a brand incubator for what is now MillerCoors". The AC Golden Brewery operates in the former pilot brewery of the Coors Brewery. It debuted its first beer, Herman Joseph's Private Reserve, in 2008. The company began brewing its seasonal beer, a Vienna Style lager called Winterfest, in 2009. In April 2010, AC Golden introduced Colorado Native lager in Colorado, an amber lager made with 100% Colorado ingredients. 
History.
The AC Golden Brewing Company operates at the historic Coors Brewery in Golden, Colorado, established in 1873 by German immigrants Adolph Coors and Jacob Schueler, itself originally called the Golden Brewery. With the advent of the Coors Field baseball stadium in 1995, Coors started the Sandlot Brewery in a historic warehouse incorporated into the stadium. This craft style brewery began brewing Blue Moon, a Belgian-style witbier. Noting the changing American beer market, parent Molson Coors decided to pursue Blue Moon's blueprint by creating the AC Golden Brewing Company and slowly developing new brews with it. This was placed into the realm of MillerCoors when this joint venture took effect in 2008. In 2008, AC Golden debuted its first beer to the public, Herman Joseph's Private Reserve, now brewed as a German style lager. It is sold only at restaurants in the Denver/Golden metropolitan area.

</doc>
<doc id="18856854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856854" title="Djarum">
Djarum

Djarum is an Indonesian "kretek" (clove cigarette) brand/manufacturer founded in April 21, 1951 by Oei Wie Gwan in Kudus, Central Java.
History.
In 1951, Oei Wie Gwan, an ethnic Chinese businessman, bought a nearly defunct cigarette company in Kudus, Central Java known as NV Murup. The brand was called "Djarum Gramofon" which means 'gramophone needle' he shortened it into "Djarum" which only means needle. The company's first brand was 'Djarum'. The company was nearly extinct when in 1963 a huge fire destroyed the company's factory which was followed by the death of Oei Wie Gwan. Nevertheless, the new owners - Oei Wie Gwan's children, Budi and Bambang Hartono, took the opportunity to rebuild the company.
Their products are hand-rolled or machine-rolled kretek, both are popular and produced in large quantities. The classic hand-rolled kretek continues to be made by Djarum using age-old methods of manual rolling by their skilled laborers. While their machine-rolled kretek, introduced in early 1970, manufactured in a fully automated process using high-tech machinery.
Come to the mid-1970s The R&D department invented Djarum Special, which first hit the market in 1976, followed in 1981 by Djarum Super.
While the domestic market for their kretek was large, in 1972 they began exporting handrolled kretek to tobacco retailers around the world, from Japan to the Netherlands and the United States. Budi and Bambang Hartono diversified the company's activities outside of cigarette manufacturing.
After the 1997 Asian financial crisis, the company became a part of a consortium which bought Bank Central Asia (BCA) from BPPN, BCA is the largest private bank in Indonesia and was formerly a part of the Salim Group. Presently the majority stake of the bank (51%) is controlled by Djarum. In 2004 the Djarum Group acquired a 30 year BOT contract from the government to develop and renovate Hotel Indonesia in Jakarta under the Grand Indonesia superblock project.
The Djarum badminton club (PB Djarum) was founded in 1974 by company CEO Budi Hartono. Its players such as Liem Swie King and Alan Budikusuma have won numerous championships for Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18856864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856864" title="Matt Chulis">
Matt Chulis

Matt Chulis (born August 29, 1977 in Central Islip, New York) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who is currently Associate Head Coach with the University of Virginia men’s soccer team. He was the captain of the U.S. U-20 national team at the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship. He later played two seasons in Major League Soccer, three seasons in the USL A-League and two in the USL Second Division.
Youth.
Chulis grew up in Central Islip, New York, playing on the boys’ soccer team at Central Islip High School. During his high school career, he was named both the New York State and New England Regional Player of the Year. He then attended the University of Virginia where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1995 to 1998. He started 93 games during his four seasons as a Cavaliers. He was a 1996 and 1997 second team All American. In 1998, he was selected as a first team All American. He was also the 1998 NSCAA Defender of the Year. He graduated in 2005 with a bachelors degree in sociology.
Professional.
In 1999, the Columbus Crew selected Chulis in the first round (ninth overall) of the 1999 MLS College Draft. He spent two seasons in Columbus, seeing time in only ten games. In March 2001, the Crew waived Chulis and he was signed by the Chicago Fire where he played the first game of the season before being waived in April. On May 4, 2001, the Portland Timbers of the USL First Division signed Chulis. On December 7, 2001, the Timbers released Chulis. In April 2002, he signed with the Pittsburgh Riverhounds, playing three seasons there. He finished his career with the Long Island Rough Riders of the USL Second Division in 2005. In 2005, he was selected to the USL-2 second team All Star team.
National teams.
In 1996, Chulis joined the U.S. U-20 national team as it prepared for CONCACAF’s 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship qualification tournament. The U.S. qualified, and Chulis and his team mates traveled to Malaysia where they were knocked out of the tournament in the second round. Later that year, he played five of six games for the U.S. soccer team which took third place at the 1997 World University Games. He then joined the U.S. U-23 national team. He appeared regularly for the team through 2000, but was not selected to the U.S. team which played in the 2000 Summer Olympics

</doc>
<doc id="18856884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856884" title="Robert Nisbet (disambiguation)">
Robert Nisbet (disambiguation)

Robert Nisbet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18856892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856892" title="Patchi">
Patchi

Patchi is a chocolate brand from Lebanon. Established by Nizar Choucair in 1974, it now has more than 140 locations in 29 countries.
History.
Patchi business traces back to 1974, when Nizar Choucair opened one store beginning in Lebanon, his home. 
Patchi Today.
Patchi today, is the leading chocolate brand in the Middle East, winner of ISO 2000 – 1901 year award for quality management. 
In July 2008, Patchi collaborated with Harrod's to produce the most expensive box of chocolates. Patchi also creates chocolates customized to local tastes and for local events and festivals.
Patchi Chocolate Menu.
Patchi is a luxury brand for chocolate and chocolate gifts. It is distinguished with a menu of chocolates with all-natural and premium ingredients. The Patchi Chocolate Menu contains a list of over 50 varieties.
The menu is famous for integrating roasted nuts (hazelnuts, pistachios, almonds), Gianduja, Orange Peel, dried Strawberry bits, and more. Recently, Patchi introduced 5 new exotic flavors to its menu with Cotton Candy, Cheesecake, Peanut Butter in some of the recipes.
Presence.
Expansion Network
The business is well expanded and properly established at 28 countries spread amongst the globe with a great deal of focus on the Middle East – The Home of Patchi – as well as recognizable presence in North Africa, Asia Pacific, etc.…
Countries are: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Brunei, Canada (Online), Egypt, France, Chinese Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Ivory Coast, Jordan, KSA, Kuwait, Lebanon, Malaysia, Mexico (Online), Morocco, Oman, Philippines, Qatar, Syria, South Africa, Tunisia, UAE, UK, Ukraine, and USA.
As for the boutiques network it consists of 145 boutiques, fairly distributed according to market demand and expertise in the field.
Patchi's online boutique caters to the North American markets at http://usa.Patchi.com and http://canada.Patchi.com. Worldwide Store locations can be found on this page.
Industrial network and divisions.
Patchi has a network of 5 factories, in: Lebanon, KSA, UAE, Syria & Egypt.
Aside from chocolate, Patchi runs 4 other manufacturing divisions, one which produces all packages (printing section), another that produces the Silver Line (Patchi Silver), the porcelain section (creation various fillings for chocolates) and finally the Flower division or in other words the section that caters for the development of chocolate decoration and all other forms of ornaments.

</doc>
<doc id="18856899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856899" title="Bhong">
Bhong

Bhong is a small town of Rahim Yar Khan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is a Union Council of Sadiqabad tehsil (Urdu for subdistrict) and is located 200 kilometres away from Bhawalpur at 28° 25' 0" North, 69° 55' 0" East.

</doc>
<doc id="18856920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856920" title="Oscar Garcia Rivera, Sr.">
Oscar Garcia Rivera, Sr.

Oscar Garcia Rivera, Sr. (November 6, 1900 – 1969) was a politician, lawyer and activist. Garcia Rivera made history when in 1937 he became the first Puerto Rican to be elected to public office in the continental United States. In 1956, he also became the first Puerto Rican to be nominated as the Republican candidate for Justice of the City Court.
Early years.
Garcia Rivera was born in the city of Mayagüez, located in the western region of Puerto Rico, to a prosperous family who owned a coffee plantation. There he received his primary and secondary education. He attended the Escuela Central Grammar (Junior High School), where he was valedictorian of his graduating class in 1921, and in 1925 was the Class President of the graduating class from Mayagüez High School.
In 1917, during his school years, the United States became involved in World War I and the U.S. Congress approved the Jones-Shafroth Act, which gave Puerto Ricans a United States citizenship with limitations. Puerto Ricans became eligible for the military draft, plus they were now permitted to hold public office in the mainland United States, however Puerto Ricans in the island were not allowed to vote for the president nor were they allowed to have representatives in the US legislature, other than the Resident Commissioner, who did not have the right to vote in any of the measures presented before Congress.
Labor activist.
Garcia Rivera visited New York City as soon as he finished high school and returned home. In 1926, he moved to Manhattan and rented an apartment on West 110th Street in a barrio made up mostly of Puerto Ricans known as Spanish Harlem. Garcia Rivera applied for a position in the City Hall Postal Office and proceeded to take the Postal Clerk's examination. In the meantime he held a part-time job at the Boerum and Pease Binder factory in Brooklyn.
He was a witness of the July 1926, "Harlem Riots" against the Puerto Rican. As the economic situation in the United States worsened in a prelude to the Great Depression, many Puerto Ricans in the mainland found themselves competing with other groups for the positions of unskilled labor such as dishwashers, maintenance and laundry workers. This led to the riots between unemployed Jews and Puerto Ricans.
With a score of 98.4% his Postal Clerk examinations, Garcia Rivera was appointed to the City Hall Post Office. García Rivera became active in the Postal Clerks' Union of America. He encouraged other Puerto Rican and Hispanic employees to participate in the union and to seek higher wages and better working conditions. Prominent labor leaders in the country took notice, thereby earning their respect and support.
He used the money which he earned as a postal worker to pay for his tuition at St. John's University School of Law. In 1930, Garcia Rivera earned his law degree and married Eloísa Rivera with whom he had a son, Oscar García Rivera, Jr. In April 1935, he was admitted to the Bar association and established a law practice in his apartment where he worked closely and provided significant support to the working class and the Puerto Rican community at times providing pro-bono representation and legal advice. He later relocated his practice to 113th Street and Fifth Avenue.
Political career.
One of the consequences of the Great Depression was the employment opportunities were scarce across all of the United States. Unemployment was especially high in areas such as Spanish Harlem and gave rise to a high crime rate. Adding to the misery was the fact that schools were overcrowded and housing was severely limited, plus discrimination by neighbors, government officials and police brutality was rampant. Another factor which made it difficult for the Puerto Ricans living in New York City was the language barrier. Their inability to communicate and be understood made it difficult for them to be properly represented before the authorities.
In 1937, Garcia Rivera, who had joined the Republican Party, launched his candidacy for the New York State Assembly as East Harlem's representative with the support of a coalition of Independent Democrats, leftists, fusionists, labor unions, and Republicans. Among those who supported his nomination were: New York City's Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia, New York City District Attorney Thomas Dewey, and Union leaders like Michael J. Quill, TWU, George Meaney, AFL/CIO, Alex Rose and Benjamin MacLauren. He was elected to the New York State Assembly, thus becoming the first Puerto Rican in history to be elected to public office in the United States. He was reelected in 1938 and continued to serve successive terms in the New York State Assembly until in 1940. During his term in office, he emphasized issues of child labor, protective laws for workers, labor services, and anti-discrimination legislation.
Work as an Assemblyman.
On February 3, 1939, the Assembly passed his "Unemployment Insurance Bill" which pathed the way for the passage of bills which established minimum hours and wages for working people, the creation of a Wage Board within the Labor Department, and the right of employees to organize and negotiate grievances. The following are the provisions of Garcia Rivera's "Unemployment Insurance Bill":
1. Make all employers, instead of those employing four or more persons, liable for contributions to the unemployment insurance fund.
2. Provide for payment of full 16 weeks' insurance benefits to claimants qualified by 18 weeks employment in any one year.
3. Reduce the necessary unemployment period, after application for benefits, from five to two weeks.
4. Make benefits available to anyone earning less than $5.a week instead of $2 a week.
Garcia Rivera also proposed labor related bills which provided for:
In 1940, he was a delegate to the National Republican Convention in Philadelphia.
Later years.
In 1956, Garcia Rivera became the first Puerto Rican to be nominated as the Republican candidate for Justice of the City Court. Garcia Rivera was an active member of the legal community and served as President and Board Member of the Puerto Rican Bar Association of New York.
Garcia Rivera's son Oscar Jr., followed his fathers footsteps. He graduated from Harvard Law School and was active in the Puerto Rican community. Garcia-Rivera, Jr. was the director of the youth organization Aspira, and in 1978 was named executive director of the Puerto Rican Legal Defense Fund which he helped create. From 1979 to 1981 he served on the staff of President Jimmy Carter.
Garcia Rivera and his wife moved back to Mayagüez, Puerto Rico where he lived until 1969, the year that he died. His son, Garcia-Rivera, Jr died on August 5, 2000 after a brief and sudden illness.
Legacy.
García Rivera left behind a collection of materials, ""The Oscar García Rivera Papers"", which consists of correspondence, speeches, articles, photographs, subject file, and printed matter pertaining to the political career of Oscar García Rivera. The papers provide an insight as to labor politics and the political and social alliances created amongst emerging ethnic communities in New York City in the first part of the twentieth century.
On February 22, 2002 the East Harlem "Hellgate" post office was renamed the Oscar Garcia Rivera Post Office and on January 1, 2000, Garcia Rivera became the first Inductee in the East Harlem.com Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18856944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856944" title="Jeong Gyeong-Mi">
Jeong Gyeong-Mi

Jeong Gyeong-mi (Hangul: 정경미; born July 26, 1985 in Gunsan, Jeollabuk-do, South Korea) is a South Korean female judoka.
In 2006, she won her first international gold medal at the 18th World University Judo Championship in Suwon, South Korea. Jeong also won a bronze medal in the -78 kg category at the 2007 World Judo Championships, a silver medal in the same weight category at the 2007 Asian Judo Championships, and a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18856956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856956" title="Ectonville, Missouri">
Ectonville, Missouri

Ectonville is an unincorporated community in Clay County, Missouri, United States.
Ectonville is located at (39.367779, -94.478007). Its elevation is . It was founded on October 24, 1980. Due to its size, as the citizens will tell you, all it seems to contain is a bait store/gasoline station. On December 15, 2008, three teenagers who lived around the area lost their lives when their car overturned into a creek in a roadside ditch on the outskirts of Ectonville. The bodies in the car had been there a couple of days before they were discovered by a passing truck driver. 
History.
Ectonville may have been incorporated in 1980 but existed many years prior, and received mail for the surrounding community for a period of time. In the 1930s there was the Ectonville Store and a few houses. The property was purchased by Dee & Francine Martin about 1941. They operated the small country grocery store and filling station until 1951. They also had an ice house, sold feed & Dee Martin had a trucking company and hauled grains & livestock for many of the local farmers. During the time that the Martins owned the Ectonville Store, there would be movies shown during the summer for the neighboring community and many enjoyed the croquet court. The Martin family had quarters at the back and upstairs of the store. In 1953 the store burned to the ground and the family built a new home and later another grocery store & 2 apartments beside it. Dee Martin died in December 1975 and the new home they completed in 1954, burned to the ground after an explosion from the propane tank to the furnace in 1979. The property was sold a few years later and was downsized to a gas station, bait store & rental storage places.
Across the road (92 Hwy.) was a farm owned by David J. & Sophia Martin where there was a small lake that many people from Kansas City would come to fish. Besides farming, David also worked on many automobiles for residents of the area. Sophia was well known for the rugs that she wove on her loom and selling turkeys for the holidays. David & Sophia sold the farm to Clell & Virginia Henderson about 1950 and moved to Kearney, Missouri, where David was the Water Superintendent. Behind the David Martin farm was a large farm owned by Nash & Maryann Mears. He was a gentleman farmer who worked in the city and farmed on the side. They raised their daughters on this farm. As of 2010 Mr. Mears still owns the farm but has moved to Smithville, Missouri. To the west of the David Martin farm was a home that was occupied by various families through the years.
To the east of the Ectonville Store, there was the remains of a burned house & cellar; to the west was a small house & barn that was occupied by various farm hand families who worked for Wade Shanks.
As of July 2010, most of these home are gone and have been replaced with new larger homes, owned by people who work in the Kansas City area but enjoy the country style living of the Ectonville area.

</doc>
<doc id="18856957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856957" title="Mountains (Mary Timony album)">
Mountains (Mary Timony album)

Mountains was the first solo album from Mary Timony. It was released March 7, 2000 on Matador Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18856973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18856973" title="The Golden Dove">
The Golden Dove

The Golden Dove was the second solo album from Mary Timony. It was released May 21, 2002 on Matador Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18857010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857010" title="Ex Hex">
Ex Hex

Ex Hex is the third solo album from Mary Timony. It was released April 19, 2005 on Lookout! Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18857027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857027" title="Alexander T. McGill">
Alexander T. McGill

Alexander Taggart McGill (October 20, 1845 – April 21, 1900)
was an American jurist and Democratic party politician from New Jersey. He served as chancellor of the New Jersey court of chancery from 1887 to 1900 and was the Democratic nominee for Governor of New Jersey in 1895.
McGill was born in Allegheny City (now part of Pittsburgh), Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. He was the son of Rev. Alexander Taggart McGill and Eleanor Acheson McCulloch. When he was eight, his father was elected to a chair in the Princeton Theological Seminary and the family moved to New Jersey. He attended Princeton University, graduating in 1864. After graduating from Columbia Law School in 1866, he continued his legal studies in the Trenton office of Edward W. Scudder. He was admitted to the bar as attorney in 1867 and as counselor in 1870.
McGill moved to Jersey City, New Jersey, where he would remain the rest of his life. From 1870 to 1876 he practiced in partnership with New Jersey Attorney General Robert Gilchrist, Jr. He was elected to the New Jersey General Assembly in 1874 and again in 1875. On June 10, 1875 he married Caroline Stockton Olmsted at Princeton, New Jersey.
In 1878 he was appointed prosecutor of the pleas for Hudson County and was made law judge for the county in 1883. In March 1887 he was named chancellor of the New Jersey court of chancery by Governor Robert Stockton Green, and he was reappointed by Governor George Theodore Werts in 1894.
In 1895 he became the Democratic nominee for Governor of New Jersey. He refused to campaign, however, attending only to his duties as chancellor. He was defeated by the Republican candidate John W. Griggs by a margin of 26,900 votes.
McGill continued to serve as chancellor until his death. He died at his Jersey City home in 1900 at the age of 54.

</doc>
<doc id="18857033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857033" title="State Attorney (Israel)">
State Attorney (Israel)

The State Attorney office (, "Praklitut Hamedinah") is one of the central bodies governing law in Israel, and the main body representing the state of Israel in court. The state of Israel, because of the different bodies which it is composed of, needs legal representation inasmuch as it prosecutes, in criminal law, and as it sues or is sued in civil law.

</doc>
<doc id="18857041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857041" title="The Shapes We Make">
The Shapes We Make

The Shapes We Make is the first album from the Mary Timony Band. It was released May 8, 2007 on Kill Rock Stars.

</doc>
<doc id="18857047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857047" title="Mount Fitzgerald">
Mount Fitzgerald

Mount Fitzgerald is the name for several mountains and places including:

</doc>
<doc id="18857054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857054" title="Ameresco">
Ameresco

Ameresco Inc. is an energy service company. Ameresco is the largest independent energy services company in North America. It has participated in energy projects in the government, healthcare, public, and education sectors. Ameresco claims experience in demand-side management, energy savings performance contracts, cogeneration facilities, renewable energy sources, energy procurement, risk management, billing services and power plant development, financing, construction and operations.
The corporate office of Ameresco is based in Framingham, Massachusetts. They also have offices throughout the US and Canada.
History.
Ameresco was founded by George Sakellaris, industry pioneer and founder of two previous successful energy services companies.
These major acquisitions have fueled Ameresco's aggressive growth strategy:
Citizens Conservation Services, established in 1981, is the nation's preeminent energy services company (ESCO) serving private and public multifamily properties. Since the group was first capitalized in 1995, current Citizens staff have implemented contracts with project capital of over $64 million - more than any other North American ESCO in this sector. Citizens' personnel have improved 30,000 households under performance-based energy and water services contracts, from California to New York.
DukeSolutions, the former energy management subsidiary of Duke Energy, was established in 1997 to serve end-user needs in a deregulating energy marketplace. DukeSolutions was one of the industry leaders in providing ownership, operation and maintenance of utility systems in North America - one of the few energy services providers with a significant customer base of Fortune 500 industrials and commercials. DukeSolutions' acquisitions included two long established firms:
Ameresco and its component companies have successfully completed energy solutions projects for approximately 300 customers involving over 9,000 facilities and resulting in substantial energy and operating cost savings.
Enertech, a former ESCO subsidiary of LG & E Energy, was founded in 1995. With customers that include industrial, commercial, educational and healthcare facilities, Enertech has become a leader in the educational and healthcare market, focusing its services primarily in the mid to southeast region and provides comprehensive service to upgrades and building modernization.
E·Three, formerly a Sierra Pacific Resources company, was founded in 1997 and is an energy consulting and services company with offices in Nevada and California serving the Western States. E·Three also did business as E·Three Custom Energy Solutions in Las Vegas, and independent Energy Consulting, Inc. in California.
Select Energy Services, Inc. (SESI). Founded in 1982, SESI was a fully integrated energy-services company and in energy-efficiency engineering. SESI provided comprehensive energy engineering, efficiency, design, installation, and maintenance services, as well as water improvement systems, to a wide range of government and private-sector clients. SESI developed projects valued at more than a total of $1.0 billion.
Southwest Photovoltaic (SWPV) was founded in 1986 and was one of the original Authorized Distributors in North America for Solarex Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Amoco Corporation. Solarex had developed many cost saving manufacturing innovations centered on its patented SEMIX polycrystalline cell delivering the first significant cost savings for volume manufactured PV modules in North America. SWPV was then able to take the Solarex product line of PV modules and develop many new customers and innovative off grid applications within the industrial and rural electrification emerging markets within North America.
Then, in 1996 Amoco Corp. was merged into British Petroleum (BP) thus creating one of the largest PV module manufacturing and technology companies in the world. SWPV thus became a BP Solar Distributor and in 2002 was named a Premier Distributor for BP Solar. In 2006, SWPV was named the largest volume distributor for BP Solar in North America.
Southwest Photovoltaic is now known as Ameresco Solar.
Global Energy was a leading renewable energy distribution corporation. They offered the design and supply of renewable energy products. They offered turnkey system sizing and integration of balance of systems.
Global Energy is now known as PV Energy Solutions.
Education projects.
The company sponsors student teams from Stanford University and Newburgh Free Academy (High School) that design, build and race solar powered cars as part of the Dell-Winston School Solar Car Challenge.
According to [http://www.duedee.com/news/287221/Ameresco-Inc-Joins-Hundreds-of-Colleges-and-Universities-in-Fight-Against-Global-Warming], Ameresco has joined the American College & University Presidents Climate Commitment (ACUPCC) as a sponsor in an effort to bring their sustainable, clean energy services to campuses across America.
Planet Green.
Ameresco is also involved with the new Discovery Communications television series Battleground Earth starring Ludacris and Tommy Lee which airs on Planet Green.

</doc>
<doc id="18857064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857064" title="Barry Hardy">
Barry Hardy

Barry W Hardy (born July 5, 1962) is an American professional wrestler and trainer who has competed in North American independent promotions since 1987, including East Coast Wrestling, Mid-Eastern Wrestling Federation, the National Wrestling Alliance, New Millennium Wrestling and Larry Sharpe's World Wrestling Association.
Hardy also had stints in Extreme Championship Wrestling, World Championship Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation, most notably as one half of the Lords of Darkness and the second incarnation of The Executioners with Duane Gill from 1990 to 1995.
Career.
Early career and the World Wrestling Federation (1987-1989).
Born in Richmond, Virginia, Hardy eventually contacted Larry Sharpe and tried out at Sharpe's "Monster Factory" wrestling school. Training under Charlie Fulton for a year, he eventually made his professional debut in 1987. On February 15, he also made his WWF debut appearing on "WWF Superstars" with Barry Horowitz against WWF World Tag Team Champions Demolition (Ax and Smash) at the Broome County Arena in Binghamton, New York. He would appear three more times teaming with Sonny Austin against The Bushwhackers (Bushwhacker Butch and Bushwhacker Luke) in Rochester and losing to the The Ultimate Warrior in Niagara Falls, New York on June 27 and Jake "The Snake" Roberts in Wheeling, West Virginia on October 2, 1989. On October 3, he and Alan Reynolds lost to The Rockers at the Toledo Sports Arena in Toledo, Ohio.
Lords of Darkness (1990-1993).
Meanwhile on the independent circuit, Hardy teamed with Duane Gill as The Lords of Darkness and were managed by "Pretty Boy" Larry Sharpe and competed in Mid-Atlantic independent promotions eventually winning the tag team titles in Atlantic States Wrestling Alliance and Sharpe's World Wrestling Association several times between 1990 to 1992. The two would also start the Baltimore Monster Factory. Hack Myers met Axl Rotten while at the wrestling school and, introducing him to promoter Paul Heyman, eventually brought him into Extreme Championship Wrestling.
They also began appearing on WWF television, although used as preliminary wrestlers, he and Gill had matches on "WWF Primetime Wrestling" against the Legion of Doom (Hawk and Animal), The Orient Express, The Rockers (Marty Jannetty and Shawn Michaels) and "Hacksaw" Jim Duggan and Sgt. Slaughter between 1990 to late 1991. On June 5, 1990, he and Gill faced WWF Tag Team Champions Demolition at the War Memorial Auditorium in Rochester, New York. They also faced Rhythm and Blues (The Honky Tonk Man and Greg Valentine) in Hershey, Pennsylvania on August 28. As well as teaming with Gill, Hardy occasionally teamed with different partners such as with Paul Perez against WWF World Tag Team Champions The Hart Foundation (Bret Hart and Jim Neidhart) and with Ross Lindsay against Power and Glory (Hercules and Paul Roma). Hardy also faced a young Shane Douglas at the Onondaga War Memorial in Syracuse, New York on December 23, 1990.
The following year, Hardy and Gill defeated Cream Team (Dino Casanova and Rip Sawyer) to become the first MEWF Tag Team Champions on August 2, 1991. In the WWF that year, he also wrestled "Texas Tornado" Kerry Von Erich, Big Bully Busick and Million Dollar Champion Virgil.
In March 1992, Hardy appeared at a "Live" St. Patrick's Day special for MCW Wrestling where he and Denny Kass defeated The Nightmares (Danny Davis and Ken Wayne). He also faced "Dirty" Dan Kanareck in a singles match and was pinned after using a neckbreaker. Held at the Continental Cable studios in Madison Heights, Michigan, these matches were later aired on the promotion's weekly television show.
During mid-1992, he faced Bret Hart, Crush, Bob Backlund and Lance Cassidy. During his matches with Backlund and Cassidy, Doink played practical jokes on his opponents after the match setting up Backlund to slip on a banana peel and putting a "kick me" sign on Cassidy's ring jacket. When Cassidy put the jacket back on after the match, Doink kicked him. Hardy later appeared in single matches against Tatanka and "British Bulldog" Davey Boy Smith on "WWF Superstars" and teamed with Kato of the Orient Express losing to The Bushwhackers on May 5, 1992.
He and Gill also participated in two of three 40-man battle royals held that year. The first, on June 2, included Money Inc. (Ted DiBiase and IRS), The Nasty Boys (Brian Knobs and Jerry Saggs), The Beverly Brothers (Beau and Blake Beverly) and High Energy (Koko B. Ware and Owen Hart) as well as Sgt. Slaughter, Bret Hart, British Bulldog, Virgil, Tito Santana, Rick Martel, "The Texas Tornado" Kerry Von Erich, Skinner, Repo Man, Jim Powers, Jim Brunzell, Glenn Ruth, Phil Apollo, Barry Horowitz, Bobby Star, Dublin Destroyer, Rick Johnson, Al Hunter, Bob Knight, Rick Danger, Jerry Davis, Scott Antonio, Tony Ulysses, Bruce Mitchell, Joe Milano and several others. The battle royal was later featured on "WWF Rampage '92".
The second battle royal took place two months later. He and Gill (as The Executioners) took part in a 40-man battle royal won by Tatanka and which included Tito Santana, Bret Hart, Sgt. Slaughter, Col. Mustafa, Shawn Michaels, Crush, Kerry Von Erich, Virgil, Skinner, Repo Man, Barry Horowitz, Jim Powers, Brooklyn Brawler, Reno Riggins, Dale Wolfe, Brian Costello, Chuck Casey, Dom Jones, Burt Spears, Thor Anderson, Tom Cumberland, Mark Kordis, Legion of Doom, Money Inc. (Ted DiBiase and IRS), The Beverly Brothers (Beau and Blake Beverly), The Nasty Boys (Brian Knobs and Jerry Saggs), High Energy (Koko B. Ware and Owen Hart) and The Natural Disasters (Earthquake and Typhoon). The battle royal was the first and largest held in WWF history and was later profiled in "WWF Magazine". These were considered the largest battle royals held at a professional wrestling event until the introduction of the annual three ring 60-man battle royal at "World War 3" three years later. He made his last WWF appearances on "WWF Primetime" losing to Davey Boy Smith on September 28 and Bret Hart on October 5, 1992.
On January 23, 1993, Hardy and Gill lost the WWA Tag Team titles to ECW Tag Team Champions The Super Destroyers in an interpromotional event between the World Wrestling Alliance and Eastern Championship Wrestling at the Radisson Hotel in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, they briefly regained the titles before losing them to Chris Candido and Chris Evans and left for the WWF shortly after.
The Executioners (1992-1994).
He and Gill would begin wrestling in the World Wrestling Federation as The Executioners in early 1993. On March 9, only three days after losing their tag team titles, he and Gill also made an appearance as Toxic Turtles at the sold-out Augusta Civic Center with 8,000 in attendance. Their match was later taped for "WWF Challenge". In singles matches, Hardy faced Tito Santana in his last WWF television appearance and was pinned by Santana in Wilkes Barre, Pennsylvania on July 6, 1993. He wrestled against Tatanka, Jim Duggan, Virgil, Mr. Perfect, and Razor Ramon as well as teaming with Reno Riggins, the Brooklyn Brawler, Bert Centeno and Barry Horowitz.
Appearing on "Monday Night Raw" throughout the year, he and Gill would face The Steiner Brothers (Rick and Scott Steiner), The Quebecers (Jacques and Pierre) and Men on a Mission (Mo and Mabel). They had previously faced Men on a Mission in their WWF debut on "WWF Challenge" several months before splitting up with Gill in 1995. Prior to their breakup, they also faced the The Rock 'n' Roll Express (Ricky Morton and Robert Gibson) in a non-sanctioned match for the SMW Tag Team Championship at a special co-promotional event hosted by the WWF. Hardy himself soon left the WWF after losing to The Steiner Brothers in a tag team match with Mike Khoury on April 18, 1994.
World Wrestling Federation and World Championship Wrestling (1995).
Hardy returned to the WWF for a short time facing The Bushwhackers, The Headshrinkers (Samu and Fatu) and The Smoking Gunns (Bart and Billy Gunn) with various tag team partners before leaving in 1995. During this time, he also wrestled single matches against Davey Boy Smith and Jim Neidhart.
Early the next year, Hardy appeared in World Championship Wrestling with he and Marcus Watson taking on then WCW United States Champion Big Van Vader in a handicap match at Universal Studios in Orlando, Florida on February 5, 1995. Later that month, he and Scott Armstrong faced Colonel Robert Parker's Stud Stable (Bunkhouse Buck and "Dirty" Dick Slater) on February 25. Two months later, Hardy faced Meng at the Center Stage Theater in Atlanta, Georgia and was knocked out in 39 seconds after a superkick. On May 13, Hardy teamed with Chris Speaker and lost to Stars and Stripes (Marcus Alexander Bagwell and The Patriot) on WCW Saturday Night. He also continued making appearances for independent promotions including Mid-West Championship Wrestling losing to Kuku the Wild Samoan at the Lincoln Park Community Center in Lincoln Park, Michigan on June 10, 1995.
Extreme Championship Wrestling and the Indy circuit (1997-).
Returning to the United States, Hardy wrestled for Extreme Championship Wrestling during the summer facing Mikey Whipwreck in Buffalo, New York on July 27, 1997. He also teamed with Super Nova against The Dudley Boys (Bubba and D-Von Dudley) on August 2 and later faced Super Nova in a single match later that month. In a 2009 Interview with Metallic Onslaught, Hardy claimed to have wrestled in ECW for 6–8 months as part of the Full Blooded Italians with Tommy Rich as his manager. This statement appears to be a fabrication of the truth, as there is no record of Hardy as a part of the F.B.I. or having a 6–8 months stint in ECW.
In early 2000, he began wrestling for the promotion New Millennium Wrestling where he was an instrumental part of bringing independent wrestling back to the Rochester, NY area. He teamed up with Mike "Rose" Rosario, a student Hardy had trained at "Bad Boy's House of Pain. They became known as the tag team Vain and Insane and won the first tournament to become the first NMW Tag Team Champions. Vain and Insane were stripped of their tag team championships and in the next tournament Killer Kowalski, Jr single handedly became the only one man tag team champion. After the breakup Hardy defeated Jason Atlas to become the NMW Heavyweight Champion (which Hardy still defends today).He has defended the title against some of the top wrestlers on the independent circuit including his former tag team partner Duane Gill and Killer Kowalski, Jr., the kayfabe son of Killer Kowalski, whom he defeated in a no-holds-barred street fight. He later left NMW after a dispute, forfeiting the Heavyweight Championship. Months later he wrestled alongside Kowalski Jr. in New York Championship Wrestling (NYCW), based out of Syracuse, NY.
After promoter Zane Allen folded NYCW, Hardy wrestled with Kowalski Jr a few times in Toronto and then relocated to Florida where remained fairly inactive, until returning to Rochester, on March 14, 2009 Hardy returned to Rochester, defeating Eric Everlast for Pier 6 Wrestling. Hardy also wrestled in NEW Niagara on April 4, 2009. On that night, Hardy and his son were defeated by the Emanon Boyz. Recently Hardy was listed #494 in the Pro Wrestling Illustrated 500. He thanked wrestling journalist Scotty Bender for rejuvenating his career. On the August 6, 2011 edition of Rochester, NY based Pier 6 Wrestling "Shakedown TV", Barry was defeated by "The Righteous One" JC Money by disqualification.
On August 24, 2013 Barry Hardy debuted for Empire State Wrestling at ESW MeltDown as the manager of a new stable consisting of "The Main Event" Salvatore Morocco, James Santel and a still unnamed bodyguard. They call themselves "The High Rollers" and attacked the unsuspecting McGlumouses during a family hoedown, brutalizing the tag-team and their entire family.

</doc>
<doc id="18857066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857066" title="Edoardo Arborio Mella">
Edoardo Arborio Mella

Edoardo Arborio Mella (18 November 1808 – 8 January 1884) was an Italian architect, restorer and scholar. Well-known at the time for his ‘stylish’ restorations of medieval buildings in Piedmont, he has been described as ‘one of the most representative protagonists of the Gothic revival in northern Italy’.
Biography.
He was born in Vercelli to Count Carlo Emanuele Arborio Mella, who for many years was mayor of Vercelli, and Vittoria Gattinara, daughter of Ludovico count of Zubiena. He was educated first at home. From 1820 to 1827 he attended the Collegio-Convitto del Carmine in Turin, a Jesuit-run boarding school then popular among the Piedmontese aristocracy, where he displayed a particular talent for mathematical subjects.
In 1834 he married Adele Clotilde Olgiati, daughter of Giuseppe Alessandro Olgiati. She died five years later in 1839, having given birth to three children: Carlo Alessandro, Maria Vittoria and Federico. The last of these became an architect and archaeologist, and worked on various projects with his father.
Mella’s interest in Gothic architecture took him to Switzerland, France and Germany; there were further trips to Monaco, Constantinople, Venice, Berlin, Prague, Budapest, Athens and Vienna.
He was responsible for the nineteenth-century restoration of the Duomo of Casale Monferrato; the works began in 1857 and were completed in 1861. Subsequently he worked on restorations at Rosignano Monferrato, Mirabello, Villanova Monferrato and of the church of Sant’Ilario in Casale.
Mella’s publications included treatises on geometry and architecture and monographs on medieval monuments. His obituary in the "Salesian Bulletin" of February 1884 points to two works of particular interest: "Elementi di architettura archi-acuta o gotica" (‘Elements of Ogival or Gothic Architecture’; 1857) and "Elementi di architettura romano-bizantina, detta lombarda" (‘Elements of the Romano-Byzantine Architecture called Lombard’, 1885).

</doc>
<doc id="18857089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857089" title="Alexander McGill">
Alexander McGill

Alexander McGill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18857090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857090" title="Samantha Albert">
Samantha Albert

Samantha Majendie-Albert (born 31 May 1971 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian-born equestrian who represents Jamaica in international competition. She was born in Canada to a Jamaican mother and an English father, and grew up in Canada and Jamaica.
She moved to Bassett, England in 1989 where she currently resides.
Albert competed at the 2007 Pan Am Games and represented Jamaica in the 2008 Summer Olympic and 2012 Summer Olympic individual equestrian events.

</doc>
<doc id="18857107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857107" title="Rosignano">
Rosignano

Rosignano is the name of a number of places in Italy:

</doc>
<doc id="18857112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857112" title="The Age of Backwards E.P.">
The Age of Backwards E.P.

The Age of Backwards E.P. was the first release by the short-lived band The Spells, a collaboration between Carrie Brownstein and Mary Timony.
The group also recorded a second E.P. entitled "Bat vs. Bird" in 2008, which also contained 4 songs and totaled about 9 minutes. "Bat vs. Bird," with its more prominent percussion (as opposed to the subdued backbeats of "The Age of Backwards") and overall "full band" sound, was more of a promise of what was to come from Wild Flag, which is composed of Mary Timony, Carrie Brownstein, Janet Weiss, and Rebecca Cole.

</doc>
<doc id="18857120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857120" title="Xbox Live Productions">
Xbox Live Productions

Xbox Live Productions is an American video game developer based in Redmond, Washington created internally by Microsoft Studios in 2008, in order to create "high quality digital content" for Xbox Live.
History.
On January 30, 2008 Microsoft began hiring for Xbox Live Digitally Distributed Games (DDG) team, described as "a newly formed organization focused on digital distribution of games via Xbox Live Marketplace". Shortly after, internal studio Carbonated Games was disbanded on March 27, 2008, with some employees being folded into this new group.
General manager of Xbox Live, Marc Whitten, officially announced the studio on May 22, 2008. The first game to be released under the new label was "Fable II Pub Games" on August 13, 2008.
Video content.
Xbox Live Productions will also produce exclusive video content for Xbox Live.
Announced at Comic-Con 2008, the first original programming will be a series of free comedic short films, each less than ten minutes in length. The pilots will be directed by established horror film directors including James Wan, David Slade, James Gunn, Lucky McKee, and Marcus Nispel. The pilots will also be distributed via MSN and Zune Marketplace.

</doc>
<doc id="18857140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857140" title="Zack Taylor (celebrity blogger)">
Zack Taylor (celebrity blogger)

Zack Taylor (born August 30, 1987) is a former radio disc jockey working for Y100 FM in Miami and then he hosted the Midday show on Mix 100 FM in Yellowknife [http://www.cjcd.ca. He later turned into a celebrity blogger after creating Canadian celebrity gossip site ZACKTAYLOR.CA [http://www.zacktaylor.ca] back in August 2007. He now does gossip reports for KISS 92.5 and Z103.5 FM in Toronto.
Blogging.
The website gained attention in mid-November 2007, when photos of Toronto Maple Leaf, Jiří Tlustý, one of which was of him nude, appeared on Isthishappening.com, causing a media frenzy. This scandal was published as the full-front page photo of the November 14, 2007 Toronto Sun.
After all the attention, the website was bought in January 2008 by Hot or Not Inc. and turned into HotorNotGossip.com [http://www.hotornotgossip.com] making Zack Taylor their main blogger.
In December 2008, Zack re-branded the website under the title, ZackTaylor.ca - giving himself more freedom according to reports.
Style.
Zack has been nicknamed "The Canadian Perez Hilton".
In June 2009 Zack changed the direction of his website to take the side of celebrities.
Business.
On April 14, 2009 Zack's company Is This Happening Inc. expanded with the introduction of two new subdivisions:
He operates from Los Angeles and Toronto.
In November 2009, Zack was hired as the celebrity insider at Toronto's KISS 92.5 FM and Z103.5 FM radio station for their weekly programs. [http://www.zacktaylor.ca/blog/2009/11/get-ready-for-something-big.html]
On October 3rd 2011, Zack Taylor announced via CNBC [http://www.cnbc.com/id/44761630] that his website was shutting down after it was bought by Cheaterville Inc. in Las Vegas to be changed into a new website.

</doc>
<doc id="18857146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857146" title="Bavarian B V (Ostbahn)">
Bavarian B V (Ostbahn)

The Bavarian Class B V steam locomotives were operated by the Bavarian Eastern Railway ("Bayerische Ostbahn") in Germany.
They had an external frame with outer valve gear and a Belpaire boiler.
They were equipped with 2 T 8 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18857169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857169" title="John Nusum">
John Nusum

John Nusum is a retired Bermudan football defender who spent two seasons in the North American Soccer League and at least one in the Major Indoor Soccer League. He was also a 1974 and 1975 first team All American and played an unknown number of games with the Bermuda national football team, as did his brother Sam Nusum.
Youth.
Nusum attended Philadelphia College of Textiles & Science where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1974 to 1977. He was a 1974 and 1975 first team All American.
Professional.
In 1978, Nusum signed with the San Diego Sockers of the North American Soccer League. He played only one season with the Sockers before moving to the New York Arrows of the Major Indoor Soccer League in the fall of 1978. The Arrows won the 1978-1979 MISL championship. He was back in the NASL in 1980 with the Rochester Lancers, but saw time in only four games.
National team.
Nusum played an unknown number of games for the Bermuda national football team. Later, his son John Barry Nusum also appeared for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="18857184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857184" title="List of Major League Baseball players (Wa–Wh)">
List of Major League Baseball players (Wa–Wh)

The following is a list of Major League Baseball players, retired or active.

</doc>
<doc id="18857202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857202" title="Request Express">
Request Express

Request Express is the longest-running most requested show was aired on 101.9 For Life hosted by Martin D. and to be seen on aired for your requested songs today.
Background.
In 1998, DJ Martin D. who created a new radio program called as WRR Request Express was the first aired of today's favorite requested songs. It was formerly known as WRR 101.9 For Life.
In 1999, The special program was broadcast of WRR 101.9 features Request Express Christmas Edition on (Dec 24–25) and then New Year Edition (Dec 31 – Jan 1) in exact new year.
In 2006, Another name for the show was referred as Request Express to the Max which has most requested hits that you've aired for all listeners.
In 2007, Request Express was part of Patok for Life joining DJ Billie.

</doc>
<doc id="18857210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857210" title="Freedom First">
Freedom First

Freedom First is the name of a monthly magazine in English which has been published since 1953 without a break by the Indian Committee for Cultural Freedom, which was established by Minoo Masani in Mumbai. The magazine, edited by S.V. Raju, publishes articles primarily with a liberal slant. It stands for minimum government and maximum freedom, tempered by a sense of individual responsibility, in which the people's genius has a fair opportunity to develop and grow.

</doc>
<doc id="18857227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857227" title="Jimmy Bonneau">
Jimmy Bonneau

Jimmy Bonneau (born March 22, 1985) is a hockey forward who is playing for the Worcester Sharks of the AHL. He was drafted 241st overall in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft by the Montreal Canadiens.
Playing career.
Bonneau started his career with the Montreal Rocket in the QMJHL and the next two seasons with the same franchise after it moved Prince Edward Island. During the 2005-2006 season he played for Long Beach Ice Dogs in ECHL. In 2006-2007 and 2007-2008 season he split time with the Hamilton Bulldogs of the AHL and the Cincinnati Cyclones of the ECHL. 
After spending two seasons with various organizations, he signed on July 2, 2010 an AHL contract with Hamilton to bring him back to the Canadiens' fold.
On September 27, 2011, Bonneau was signed as a free-agent by the AHL's Worcester Sharks.

</doc>
<doc id="18857237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857237" title="Dabney S. Carr">
Dabney S. Carr

Dabney Smith Carr (March 5, 1802 – March 24, 1854) was an American newspaper publisher, diplomat, and the grand-nephew of Thomas Jefferson, the third President of the United States.
He was born to Peter Carr and Hester Smith-Carr in Albemarle County, Virginia and was the grandson of Dabney Carr and Martha Jefferson Carr (Thomas Jefferson's sister). He married a woman named Sidney Nichols. He served as the United States Minister Resident to the Ottoman Empire from 1843 to 1849. Carr died in 1854 in Charlottesville, Virginia. He was interred at the family cemetery at Thomas Jefferson's home, Monticello, in Charlottesville.

</doc>
<doc id="18857238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857238" title="Desert Oasis High School">
Desert Oasis High School

Desert Oasis High School is a public high school that opened in Enterprise Nevada in August 2008. The school, which is a part of the Clark County School District, is the first new public school to be opened in Clark County since Legacy High School was opened in 2006. It also transferred approximately 1,000 students from Sierra Vista High School and others from Liberty High School.
Curriculum.
Among the normal curricula available at most Las Vegas area high schools, Desert Oasis offers several alternative programs including those in the areas of Business and Career and Technical Education. Some of the classes offered in these programs include: accounting, woodworking, marketing, sports medicine, and sports, entertainment, and recreational marketing.
Athletics.
Home of the Diamondbacks. OFFICIAL ATHLETICS WEBSITE: http://schools.ccsd.net/desertoasis/athletics/athletics.html
The athletics programs at Desert Oasis High School compete in the NIAA - Division 1 - Sunset Southwest League.
FALL SPORTS: CHEER, Boys & Girls CROSS COUNTRY, FOOTBALL, Girls GOLF, Boys & Girls SOCCER, Boys & Girls TENNIS, and Girls VOLLEYBALL.
WINTER SPORTS: CHEER, Boys & Girls BASKETBALL, Boys & Girls BOWLING, Girls FLAG FOOTBALL, and WRESTLING.
SPPRING SPORTS: CHEER, BASEBALL, Boys GOLF, SOFTBALL, Boys & Girls SWIMMING & DIVING, Boys & Girls TRACK & FIELD, Boys VOLLEYBALL.
Football.
The Diamondbacks football team was the only team that were not associated with a division, being an independent in fall of 2008. The Diamondbacks went 4-6 in their first season. In their final game, D-backs won in overtime against Boulder City High School 28-27 due to a missed extra point by an Eagles kicker. Desert Oasis currently has the best record of any newcomer school in Las Vegas.
Joining the Sunset Southwest 4A Region in the 2009 season, Desert Oasis finished with an 7-3 record with a loss in the first round of regional playoffs.
Head Coach
2008-2009: Matt Jenkins
2009-2010: Faron Seibel
2010-2011: Faron Seibel
2011-2012: Scott Staudinger
Desert Oasis Currently has 4 D-1 recruits in football
Cameron Jefferson(UNLV)
Elijah Mitchell (Princeton)
2009-2010.
The Desert Oasis cheerleaders took 2nd place at the USA Vegas Classic cheer competition, which was held at the school on Saturday, January 9, 2010. As a result, they earned a spot at the USA Nationals cheer competition, which will be held right outside of the Disneyland theme park in Anaheim, California, March 26–28. The D-Backs placed 3rd in POM at the National competition.
Performing Arts.
There are four performing arts classes to choose from: Theater, Orchestra, Choir, and Band. Guitar is now one of them.
Band.
The band program is led by James Koperski and Nathan Geyer. The bands offered are: Marching band, Jazz band, Wind Ensemble, Concert Band, and Symphonic Band. The Marching Band currently consists of roughly 100 members, including Drum Majors Lejuanna Bynum, Nikki Laisure-Buffa, and Megan Morrison. The Marching Band recently won the USBands Arizona Regional in Division 4 Open Competition, with their 2013 program "Spring Has Sprung".
Choir.
The Desert Oasis Choirs is currently led by director, Michael Polutnik. The DOHS Choirs consist of the following ensembles: Chamber Singers, Bella Voce, Concert Choir, Women's Glee and numerous after school A-Capella groups. Mentality- Mens A-Capella, Vitality- Women's A-Capella, and Impulsss- Mixed A-Capella. While under the direction of Mr. Polutnik, the Desert Oasis Chamber Singers have received "Superior" ratings at all local and regional festivals. They also received a "Superior" rating in February 2012 at the NAU Choral Festival in Flagstaff, AZ. In March 2012, Chamber Singers, Concert Choir, Bella Voce, and Women's Glee all received "Superior" ratings at the CCSD Choral Festivals. In May 2012 Chamber Singers, Concert Choir, and Bella Voce all received Gold ratings at the Heritage Choral Festival in Anaheim, CA. At the Heritage Festival, Chamber Singers received the Adjudicator's Award Trophy for receiving the highest average score from all three judges out of all the choral groups. In March 2013, the Chamber Singers received "Superior" ratings at both the local and regional Solo/Ensemble Festivals and received the honor of being named the winners of the 2013 Nevada All State Vocal Ensemble Command Performance. The DOHS Chamber Singers also had the distinct honor of performing at Carnegie Hall in New York City under the direction of Eric Whitacre on Sunday, March 24, 2013.
2008-2009.
In 2009, Chamber choir received a I-Outstanding at the NAU Jazz/Madrigal Festival, I-Superior at Solo and Ensemble, I-Superior at Regional Festival. Concert choir received a I-Superior at Regional Festival.
2009-2010.
In 2010, Chamber Singers received a I-Superior in every single Festival attended. Also, they were awarded three trophies at the Heritage Festival in San Diego alongside the Concert Choir who also received I-Superior in all Festivals attended. Women's Glee also received a I-Superior rating.
Orchestra.
The orchestra department has had its share of changes. In the past four years since its inception, the Desert Oasis High School Orchestra program has had four director changes. Leonardo Hanson (2008-2009) was the first to direct the groups, followed by Brian Beddigs (2009-2010) and Mark Kovacs (2010-2011), also orchestra director at Tarkanian Middle School. And the 2011-2012 school year is no different in the fact that another director will again approach the podium, a very successful former band director, and current director of the Sierra Vista High School Orchestras, Alfonso Kimbrough. Desert Oasis' orchestra program has two classes held in the afternoon, Advanced Orchestra and Intermediate Orchestra.
Theater.
Desert Oasis High School Theatre is an award-winning theatre program that has achieved superior ratings at Regional and State Thespian Conferences. Maureen Bernstein was the Theatre Director and was a Nevada State Thespian Board Member. DOHS Thespian Troupe # 7368 has been designated as an Honor Troupe for the second consecutive year by the Nevada Thespians. DOHS Theatre hosted the Thespian State Conference in March 2010 and were State Show of the Year-Performing " A Tale of Two Cities" in March, 2010. 
The Theatre Department has a full main stage season with plays, musicals, new theatre pieces, and musical theatre showcases. For the second consecutive year, a DOHS Theatre student has been named a state officer for Nevada Thespians. The theater is also used as a venue for many band, choir, and school events.
Robotics.
The School has an award-winning robotics program that has achieved a superior rating at the V.E.X competition.
2008-2009.
In 2008 the Desert Oasis theater department performed "The Mime Child". They also did a "Musical Theater Showcase."
2009-2010.
Early in 2009 the school's theater department put on the show "A Tale of Two Cities". The students were excited that they got to use costumes and props as opposed to "invisible" ones. The costumes did make the play more enjoyable. In April Desert Oasis put on their first musical called "You're a Good Man Charlie Brown".
Extracurricular.
Desert Oasis High School also offers clubs and activities outside of the standard curriculum.
Environment Club.
The school had an environment club during the 2008-2009 school year. The purpose of this club was to promote a more environmentally responsible school. The club also oversaw the schools classroom recycling system. In 2008-2009 the club had 5 members. The club was also featured in the yearbook. 2009-2010 did not have an environment club.
International Club.
The purpose of this club was to learn and respect other cultures. Members meet once a month and try food from various cultures as well as learn about them. The club was founded by the language department and meetings were held in the Spanish teaches classroom. This club did require members to pay a $20.00 membership fee.
Drama Club.
The Thespian Club-Drama Club: Troupe #7368 was chartered in 2008 and is where some people go to organize events for theatre and have fun acting, organizing, and planning. Designated Honor Troupe for the State of Nevada for the 3rd Consecutive Year, the DOHS Thespians have raised funds for TOTS campaign through the Educational Theatre Association and for Broadway Cares/Equity Fights Aids. The Desert Oasis High School Thespians recently elected their new Board of Officers for 2011-2012.
Break Dance Club.
The break dance club performs at assemblies. The group was founded in the 2008-2009 school year.
2008-2009.
This was the first school year open.
2009-2010.
The first senior class graduated on June 11, 2010. Graduation took place at the Orleans Arena at 9 am. There were seven valedictorians and five salutatorians.
2010-2011.
Central Christian Church.
Desert Oasis High School is also home to the Southwest campus of Central Christian Church. Services are held every Sunday at 10:20 am and 11:45 am.

</doc>
<doc id="18857251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857251" title="S3000">
S3000

S3000 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18857252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857252" title="Bavarian B IX (Ostbahn)">
Bavarian B IX (Ostbahn)

The Bavarian Class A, later B IX were German steam locomotives with the Bavarian Eastern Railway ("Bayerische Ostbahn"). 
Crampton version.
The engines had an external frame with outside drive and valve gear. They had the smallest wheel diameter (1,828 mm) of any locomotive of this type in the whole of Germany. Between 1869 and 1871 all the engines were rebuillt in Regensburg and were given a 1 B axle arrangement. They were then given locomotive numbers 1081–1092.
Stephenson version.
The second series of this class was built to a Stephenson design. They did not differ greatly in terms of boiler and driving gear from the locomotives of the first series. These engines were also converted in Regensburg between 1870 and 1871 to vehicles with a 1B axle formula. In addition the boiler overpressure was raised from 6 to 10 bar. They were then given locomotive numbers 1069–1080. 
Tender.
Both series were equipped with 3 T 7 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18857255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857255" title="I Start Counting (band)">
I Start Counting (band)

I Start Counting were an electronic music duo from North London. The band consisted of David Baker and Simon Leonard.
Background.
Baker and Leonard had met at Middlesex University; both had an affection for pop music. In 1982, they began to DJ together which led them to form the I Start Counting project. Leonard specialized in the technology side and Baker was biased toward the musical side of the project.
They approached Daniel Miller with some demos of their recorded material. These demos led to Mute Records signing the duo in 1984.
Initially they recorded two singles for Mute titled "Letters to a Friend" and "Still Smiling"; both singles were produced by Daniel Miller. Then in 1986, I Start Counting recorded their debut album titled "My Translucent Hands". The album was produced by Paul Kendall. In 1987, they supported Erasure on their European tour. The band's second album was released in June 1989, titled "Fused". It included a new version of the track "Lose Him", made up of sampled voices instead of a recorded singer.
In 1990, they recorded some new material, but realized that it sounded quite different to their previous electro pop recordings. This new style of dance/techno was released under the name Fortran 5; the band would later change their name again to cater for the Kraftwerk-influenced project known as Komputer.

</doc>
<doc id="18857259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857259" title="Protests regarding the Russia–Georgia war">
Protests regarding the Russia–Georgia war

Protests regarding the 2008 South Ossetia war were held all over the world to both support the South Ossetian, Abkhaz and Russian peoples and to protest the Georgian attack on Tskhinvali. They were also held to protest the Russian army's invasion into Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="18857292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857292" title="Anaysi Hernández">
Anaysi Hernández

Anaysi Hernández (born August 30, 1981) is a Cuban judoka. She won the silver medal in the women's 70kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18857319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857319" title="Bavarian C II (Ostbahn)">
Bavarian C II (Ostbahn)

The Bavarian Class C, later C II, was a German steam locomotive with the Bavarian Eastern Railway ("Bayerische Ostbahn").
These engines were the first six-coupled vehicles in Bavaria with external frames. In addition they had Stephenson valve gear and, because the final axle was driven, a very long connecting rod with a Hall crank ("Hallscher Kurbel"). Because of its large wheel diameter, it could also be used to haul passenger trains. 
The locomotives were equipped with 3 T 9 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18857323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857323" title="List of Major League Baseball players (Wi–Wz)">
List of Major League Baseball players (Wi–Wz)

The following is a list of Major League Baseball players, retired or active.

</doc>
<doc id="18857346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857346" title="Peugeot 207 S2000">
Peugeot 207 S2000

The Peugeot 207 S2000 is Super 2000 rally car developed by Peugeot Sport. It is based upon the Peugeot 207 road car. Drivers Enrique García Ojeda, Nicolas Vouilloz and Kris Meeke won the Intercontinental Rally Challenge (IRC) drivers' title in 2007, 2008 and 2009 respectively in a Peugeot 207 S2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18857359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857359" title="Seacock">
Seacock

A seacock is a valve on the hull of a boat or a ship, permitting water to flow into the boat, such as for cooling an engine or for a salt water faucet; or out of the boat, such as for a sink drain or a toilet.
Seacocks are left open or are closed depending on the situation. Seacocks feeding into or out of a closed system, like the engine cooling system, are almost always left open. Seacocks connected to something open, such as a sink drain, might be opened up in port but closed when at sea. The reason for this is that when the boat is level, the drain or other opening will always be above the waterline, and so water will only flow out. At sea, when the boat rolls in the waves, the opening may sometimes be below the waterline. If the seacock is open, water may flood the boat.

</doc>
<doc id="18857380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857380" title="Municipal councils of Sri Lanka">
Municipal councils of Sri Lanka

Municipal councils of Sri Lanka:

</doc>
<doc id="18857388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857388" title="Integrated project">
Integrated project

Integrated project may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18857392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857392" title="Pedrinópolis">
Pedrinópolis

Pedrinópolis is a Brazilian municipality located in the west of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 3,448 people living in a total area of 357 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Triângulo Mineiro and Alto Paranaíba and to the micro-region of Araxá. It became a municipality in 1962. 
Location.
Pedrinópolis is located at an elevation of 830 meters, 95 km. southeast of Uberlândia on the southern shore of the Nova Ponte Represa. The distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 480 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Iraí de Minas (N), Perdizes (E), Santa Juliana S), and Nova Ponte (W). 
Communications.
Pedrinópolis is connected to both Araxá and Uberlândia by national highway BR-462. The distance to Araxá is 75 kilometers. 
Economic activities.
The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$49 million, with 20 million reais from services, 1 million reais from industry, and 25 million reais from agriculture. There were 161 rural producers on 14,000 hectares of land. The land is very fertile and agricultural production is high. 44 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 600 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main crops are coffee, rice, soybeans, potatoes, and corn. There were 12,000 head of cattle (2006). 
There was 1 bank (2007) and 483 automobiles (2007), giving a ratio of 6 inhabitants per automobile. 
Health and education.
In the health sector there was 1 public health clinic and 1 hospital with 23 beds (2005). Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Araxá or to Uberlândia, which are connected by good roads. Educational needs were met by 4 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 2 pre-primary schools. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$269.00 was just below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="18857398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857398" title="Bavarian C III (Ostbahn)">
Bavarian C III (Ostbahn)

The Bavarian Class C, later C III, waw a German steam locomotive with the Bavarian Eastern Railway ("Bayrischen Ostbahn") and Deutsche Reichsbahn.
From 1867 a total of 152 examples of this engine were built in Bavaria for the "Ostbahn". The five series differed in their dimensions from one another. They had larger grate and heating areas than their predecessor engines, the Class C II. In addition the drive was to the middle axle, so that shorter connecting rods could be used. The locomotives had an Allan valve gear and injectors.
Retirement began after 1905. In 1920, 49 machines were still left. The Reichsbahn recorded 35 of the 38 remaining engines in 1923 and gave them the numbers 53 7835–7864. However by 1925 they were no longer on active duty. Three engines went as reparations to the NMBS in Belgium.
The locomotives were equipped with 3 T 9 and 3 T 9.5 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18857402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857402" title="Pelagie Doane">
Pelagie Doane

Pelagie (Hoffner) Doane (April 11, 1906 – December 9, 1966) was an American illustrator during the 1930s to the 1960s for children's books. She illustrated many volumes in the "Judy Bolton" series, as well as "The Magic Makers" series written by Margaret Sutton. Doane also illustrated volumes in the "Melody Lane" series by Lillian Garis, and many other books.
In addition to her illustrations, she has also written at least two books of her own.

</doc>
<doc id="18857424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857424" title="Japanese water spider">
Japanese water spider

The water spider ("Argyroneta aquatica japonica") is a subspecies of the water spider. In Japanese it is called the "mizugumo". The Japanese water spider is almost exactly like its European cousin. The only distinction between the two is that the Japanese water spider has larger genitalia. Like its cousin, the Japanese water spider lives under water by constructing diving bells, underwater spheres which contain oxygen, which they live in.
The creation of a subspecies.
In 2002 Hirotsugu Ono proposed that the Japanese water spider be hitherto known as a subspecies of the water spider. Ono had collected Japanese specimens of the water spider and found that species in Europe and Japan differed:
An infraspection classification is herewith proposed mainly on the basis of a slight difference in the shape of male palp recognized between specimens from Europe and Japan.
Ono proposed the new subspecies because the Japanese male’s palp, or genitalia, is longer than the European male’s palp. The Japanese female’s genitalia are also larger than the European female’s genitalia.
Habitats in Japan.
According to T. Matsumoto the Japanese water spider has been “found in …the Mizoro Pond in Kyoto Prefecture, Kiritappu, Kusiro swamp, Teshio, [the Sarobetu swamp in Hokkaido prefecture, Syarki village in Aomori prefecture, [and the Oita prefecture.” All of these habitats are “isolated geographically.”
Behavior.
Males and females are different in many ways. Males rove frequently, searching for prey and for mates. Females, however, spend the majority of their lives inside their diving bells; they ambush their prey. Males are better divers than females. Females and juveniles are active during the night, while males are active during the daytime. The young do not balloon like other spiders do, rather, they leave their nest and find their new homes by swimming.
Mating.
The Japanese water spider is unusual in that males are almost always larger than females. This is called sexual size dimorphism (SSD). When water spiders mate the male begins by approaching the female’s diving bell. He then chases her out of the diving bell and they begin “courtship swimming.” They then return to the female’s diving bell to mate.
Silk and construction.
The Japanese water spider spins four main kinds of silk: (1) silk used for the diving bell, (2) silk to anchor the diving bell to water plants, (3) silk for “walking” so as to get prey and mate, and (4) silk for the egg-cocoon. The diving bell silk is “used for breathing,” that is it serves to oxygenate the diving bell. Females produce larger diving bells than males. Males build their diving bells less carefully than females do. Males also frequently make more walking threads than females.
Females weave the egg-cocoon into the top of the diving bell. The egg-cocoon is made up of two parts. The outer is the cocoon-sac and the inner part is the egg sack.
Other.
Argyronetidae vs. Cybinidae.
There has been some debate amongst arachnologists as to whether the water spider ("A. a. aquatica") belongs to the family Cybinidae or Argyronetidae. In this article the Japanese water spider ("A. a. japonica") is listed as being in the family Argyronetidae, because the subspecies authority, Hirotsugu Ono, chose to place it in this family.
The Anime Short Film.
In 2006 Hayao Miyazaki produced a short film titled "Mizugumo Monmon". The film’s main character is a Japanese Water Spider, named Monmon, who falls in love with a water skimmer. The water skimmer is at first frightened of him, but eventually she falls in love with him. The film is only shown in Miyazaki’s Ghibli Museum. The target audience for the film is children.

</doc>
<doc id="18857434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857434" title="Bernd Klug">
Bernd Klug

Bernd Georg Wilhelm Klug (12 December 1914 – 15 June 1975) was a "Korvettenkapitän" with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and later a Flottillenadmiral with the Bundesmarine. He is also a recipient of the coveted Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="18857436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857436" title="6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase deficiency">
6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase deficiency

6-Phosphogluconate dehydrogenase deficiency (6PGD deficiency), or partial deficiency, is an autosomal hereditary disease characterized by abnormally low levels of 6-Phosphogluconate dehydrogenase (6PGD), a metabolic enzyme involved in the Pentose phosphate pathway. It is very important in the metabolism of red blood cells (erythrocytes). 6PDG deficiency effects less than 1% of the population, and studies suggest that there may be race variant involved in many of the reported cases. Although it is similar, 6PDG deficiency is not linked to Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency, as they are located on different chromosomes, however there have been reported cases where both metabolic diseases have been present in the same subject.
Genetics.
6PGD deficiency is a recessive hereditary disorder located on the P arm of chromosome 1. It is an autosomal disease which is not associated with the sex chromosomes. The lack of synthesis of a specific protein on chromosome 1 has reduced a subject suffering from 6PGD deficiency from producing adequate amounts of the 6-Phosphogluconate dehydrogenase enzyme. Transfer of the disease is passed from the mother, even when the mother is asymptomatic.
Pathophysiology.
Reaction Mechanism.
6-Phosphogluconate dehydrogenase (6PGD) is an enzyme in the pentose phosphate pathway (see image). 6PGD catalyzes the reaction of 6-phosphogluconate to an unstable form of 3-keto-6-phosphogluconate, and yields a co-enzyme nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADPH) as a byproduct. NADPH supplies reducing power to cells. The reaction is the second NADPH releasing reaction in the pentose phosphate pathway, the first being catalyzed by glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase. 3-keto-6-phosphogluconate then rapidly decarboxylates to ribulose-5-phosphate, releasing CO₂ in an irreversible reaction, which is the precursor to many vital metabolic processes.
Importance of NADPH.
The NADPH pathway (both 6PGD and G6PD reactions) is the only source of reductant to reduce glutathione in red blood cells. The role of erythrocytes as oxygen carriers puts them at risk of being damaged by oxidizing free radicals. The reduced of glutathione acts as an antioxidant and prevents damage from reactive oxygen species.
Oxidative Stress.
People suffering from 6PGD and/or G6DP deficiencies are therefore at risk of hemolytic anemia in states of oxidative stress. Oxidative stress can result from infection and from chemical exposure to medication and certain foods. Broad beans, e.g., fava beans, contain high levels of vicine, divicine, convicine and isouramil, all of which are oxidants.
When all remaining reduced glutathione is consumed, enzymes and other proteins, such as hemoglobin are subsequently damaged by the free radicals, leading to electrolyte imbalance, cross-bonding and protein deposition in the red cell membranes. Damaged red cells are phagocytosed and sequestered (taken out of circulation) in the spleen. The hemoglobin is metabolized to bilirubin (causing jaundice). The red cells rarely disintegrate in the circulation, so hemoglobin is rarely excreted directly by the kidney, but this can occur in severe cases, causing acute renal failure.
Signs and Symptoms.
6-Phosphogluconate dehydrogenase deficiency can be asymptomatic in many patients who are carriers. Female carriers have been found to be at a higher frequency experiencing symptoms. Enzyme activity was shown to be reduced by 35-65% depending on the severity of the deficiency.
Abnormal red blood cell breakdown (hemolysis) in 6PGD deficiency can be syptomatic in a number of ways, including the following:
Treatment.
Prevention.
The most important measure taken for treatment of 6-phosphoglucanate dehydrogenase is prevention. Avoidance of chemical exposures to drugs and foods that have the potential to cause hemolysis. Although some foods and supplements have antioxidant properties, their use does not decrease the severity of 6PGD deficiency.
Vaccination against some common pathogens (e.g. hepatitis A and hepatitis B) may prevent infection-induced attacks.
Blood Transfusion.
In the acute phase of hemolysis, blood transfusions might be necessary, or even dialysis in acute renal failure. Blood transfusion is an important symptomatic measure, as the transfused red cells are generally not 6PGD deficient and will live a normal lifespan in the recipient's circulation.

</doc>
<doc id="18857441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857441" title="Piriform">
Piriform

Piriform, sometimes spelled pyriform, means pear-shaped (from Latin "pirum" "pear" and "forma" "shape") or flame-shaped (from Greek πῦρ "fire").
Piriform may refer to:
In anatomy:

</doc>
<doc id="18857445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857445" title="Motoko Obayashi">
Motoko Obayashi

References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18857447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857447" title="Lex Krupp">
Lex Krupp

The Lex Krupp was a document signed into federal law on November 12, 1943 by Adolf Hitler that made the Krupp company a personal company with specially regulated rules of succession, in order to ensure that the Krupp family enterprise remain intact.
History.
This specialized German law of 1943 was created through the combined efforts of Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach, the head of the steel concern Fried. Krupp AG Essen, Martin Bormann, Chief of the Nazi Party Chancellery, Dr. Hans Lammers, German State Secretary, and Adolf Hitler, in order to establish a legal mandate for the preservation of the Krupp family enterprise, so that Gustav's son and heir, Alfried Felix Alwyn von Bohlen und Halbach, would be heretofore, addressed as Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach. This law was signed by Adolf Hitler on 12 November 1943 and became effective immediately, thus transferring ownership from Bertha Krupp to the first male heir of Bertha Krupp and Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach.

</doc>
<doc id="18857451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857451" title="Kathryn Cave">
Kathryn Cave

Kathryn Cave (born 1948 in Aldershot, Hampshire, England) is an award-winning British children's book author. She was awarded the very first international UNESCO prize for "Children's and Young People's Literature in the Service of Tolerance" for "Something Else". The book was later made into a TV comic series by TV Loonland. A theatre company, Tall Stories, has adapted "Something Else" as a children's production, and they ran a UK tour in Autumn 2009.
She has three children, Eleanor, Joseph, and Alice, and six grandchildren. Kathryn has previously worked as an editor for Penguin and Basil Blackwell, and she currently works under contract for Frances Lincoln, an independent publishing house in North London.
She lives in Hampstead, North London.

</doc>
<doc id="18857454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857454" title="New Zealand standard for school stationery">
New Zealand standard for school stationery

The New Zealand standard for school stationery (known formally as NZS 8132:1984 - Specification for school stationery) was established in 1984 by the 'Standards Association Ltd', New Zealand's national standards body. It specifies various types of stationery to ensure that different manufacturers produce compatible products of suitable quality. Standardisation enables schools and businesses to request or order appropriate stationery without regard for brand.
The original specifications were devised after consultation with the Department of Education and various teachers' organisations. Products are defined by codes, according to their size, binding and format.
Part Index Code.
So 14B8, for example, refers to a ruled looseleaf A4 refill pad.
Product Groups.
1 – Exercise book (Stapled / Soft cover)<br>
2 – Lecture Book (Sewn / Hardcovered)<br>
3 – Notebook – Soft cover<br>
4 – Notebook – Hard cover<br>
5 – Indexed notebook – Soft cover<br>
6 – Indexed notebook – Hard cover<br>
7 – Lecture Pad<br>
8 – Spiral Notebooks<br>
9 – School Pads<br>
10 – Newsprint Pads<br>
11 – Typing Pads<br>
12 – Loose Leaf Binders<br>
14 – Accounting loose leaf refills<br>
15 – Subject Dividers<br>
16 – Journal Covers<br>
17 – Drawing Refills<br>
18 – Drawing Wallets<br>
19 – Drawing Folios<br>
21 – Reinforced loose leaf refills
Inner Format.
A – Unruled<br>
B – 7mm Ruled<br>
C – Unruled cartridge<br>
D – Double Ledger<br>
E – 7mm Quad<br>
F – 12mm Ruled<br>
G – 25mm Ruled<br>
H – 10mm Quad<br>
I – 9mm Ruled<br>
J – 5mm Quad<br>
K – 2mm + 10mm Quad<br>
L – Alternate leaves 7mm ruled & unruled<br>
M – Music<br>
N – Natural folder manilla<br>
P – Ledger<br>
Q – Journal<br>
R – Cash 3 column<br>
S – 8 Money Column<br>
T – 14 cash column<br>
U – Top 1/3 blank; bottom 2/3 12mm ruled<br>
V – Unruled bank paper<br>
W – Unruled bond paper(good quality)<br>
X – Trunkboard<br>
Y – Coverboard<br>
Z – Coloured manilla
Finished Size of Book.
1 – Notebook 165 mm x 100 mm<br>
2 – 125 mm x 202 mm<br>
3 – 100 mm x 165 mm<br>
4 – 230 mm x 180 mm<br>
5 – 255 mm x 205 mm<br>
6 – 330 mm x 205 mm (Foolscap)<br>
7 – 210 mm x 148 mm (A5 - ISO 216)<br>
8 – 297 x 210 mm (A4 - ISO216)<br>
9 – 420 mm x 297 mm (A3 - ISO216)<br>
10 – 597 mm x 420 mm (A2 - ISO216)

</doc>
<doc id="18857458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857458" title="1976 New Zealand Open – Singles">
1976 New Zealand Open – Singles

Onny Parun was the defending champion and won in the final 6–2, 6–3, 4–6, 6–3 against Brian Fairlie.
Draw.
"NB: The Quarterfinals, Semifinals and Final were the best of 5 sets while the First and Second Round were the best of 3 sets."

</doc>
<doc id="18857467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857467" title="Christine Marshall">
Christine Marshall

Christine Irene Marshall (born August 11, 1986) is an American competition swimmer and Olympic medalist. She attended Texas A&M University, and competed for the Texas A&M Aggies swimming and diving team from 2005 to 2009.
Marshall represented the United States at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. She received a bronze medal by swimming for the third-place U.S. team in the preliminary heats of the women's 4×200-meter freestyle relay. She and her preliminary heat teammates set a new American record in the event.

</doc>
<doc id="18857470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857470" title="Kim Vandenberg">
Kim Vandenberg

Kimberly Vandenberg (born December 13, 1983) is an American competition swimmer and Olympic medalist.
Vandenberg grew up in Moraga, California swimming for Campolindo High School and Orinda Aquatics. She was a member of the bronze medal-winning U.S. team in the women's 4x200-meter freestyle relay at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She also won a silver medal at the 2007 World Swimming Championships in the women's 200-meter butterfly.
Vandenberg attended University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and swam for the UCLA Bruins women's swimming and diving team. She graduated from UCLA in 2007. She currently lives in France and trains with the club team in Marseille.

</doc>
<doc id="18857492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857492" title="S3500">
S3500

S3500 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18857494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857494" title="Pierre Garbay">
Pierre Garbay

Pierre Garbay (4 October 1903 – 17 July 1980) was a French Army General.
Biography.
Of modest origins, after completing high school, Garbay was admitted to Saint-Cyr military academy and graduated as a sub-lieutenant in 1924. He then followed a distinguished military career which led from Morocco to China. 
He refused to accept the Armistice in 1940 and played an active role in August 1940 in rallying Chad to "France libre". Involved in the Free French Forces, he commanded the Free French 4th and 2nd Brigades. In April 1945, on the orders of General Charles de Gaulle, General Garbay took the 1st Free French Division to the Alpes-Maritimes, where, after 3 days of fierce fighting, they cleared the fortified massif of the Authion, the key to the enemy's defensive system in the Southern Alps. 
After the end of the war, Garbay's military career continued in Madagascar, Indochina, Tunisia and Senegal, and he achieved the rank of lieutenant general. In 1955 he became Assistant Chief of Staff of the French Army and, in 1958, he was promoted to the rank of Army General and was appointed military governor of Paris. In 1959, he was appointed as Inspector of Overseas Forces. 
On 1 April 1961, at his request, he relinquished control of the active army and he was placed in reserve. Pierre Garbay died on July 17, 1980 in Montluçon (Allier) and he was buried in Velesmes-Échevanne in Haute-Saône.

</doc>
<doc id="18857504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857504" title="Allison Schmitt">
Allison Schmitt

Allison Rodgers Schmitt (born June 7, 1990) is an swimmer who specializes in freestyle events, and is a six-time Olympic medalist.
In her Olympic debut at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Schmitt won a bronze medal as a member of the 4×200-meter freestyle relay. Four years later, at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, she won a total of five medals, three of them gold, in the 200-meter freestyle (in which she set a new Olympic record), in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay, and in the 4×100-meter medley relay (in which a new world record was set); and she also won a silver medal in the 400 meter freestyle, and a bronze medal in the 4×100 meter freestyle relay.
In total, Schmitt has won fourteen medals in major international competitions: nine gold, three silver, and two bronze spanning the Summer Olympics, the FINA World Championships, and the Pan Pacific Championships. She was also a four-time National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) national champion in the 200- and 500-yard freestyle swimming events during college. Along with other Bulldogs, she won the NCAA Division I Women's team title in 2013.
Personal life.
Schmitt was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 1990 to Ralph and Gail Schmitt. Raised as one of five siblings in what is still her hometown of Canton, Michigan, Schmitt's father is a financial analyst and her mother is a system project manager. Schmitt considers her parents have been the most influential and helpful people in her life. "They are so supportive of my dreams and ambitions," she said in 2008, adding, "they have given me so many opportunities to excel in life and have set a good example for me to follow."
She has an older sister named Kirsten who got her bachelor's degree from University of Florida, and her Juris Doctor (JD) degree from Washington University School of Law in St. Louis, Missouri. Her older brother, Derek, swam for the University of Pittsburgh, and is now an assistant coach for the Plymouth-Canton Cruisers swim team in Plymouth, Michigan. Schmitt's younger twin sisters, Kari and Sara, played in the USA Hockey national championship games in 2008 and 2009, lettered in varsity both basketball and swimming during their four years in high school, and now play hockey at Ohio State University.
She started swimming at age nine, saying she followed her older sister, Kirsten, into it. "I thought about quitting," Schmitt said, "but stayed one more season and loved it." Prior to settling on swimming, she said she tried soccer, dance, basketball, volleyball, softball; and though she said she had the equipment for hockey, she decided to swim instead.
From ages 11 through 14, Schmitt swam at (what was then) the Ann Arbor Swim Club (AASC) in Ann Arbor, Michigan (which, in 2006, merged into Club Wolverine). In an interview during the 2012 Summer Olympics, Josh Morgan, her then-AASC coach, said there was no indication in those years just how fast she would one day become. He said she started to show real potential, later, in the spring of her junior year in high school when she went to a 2007 Junior National Team competition in Orlando, Florida. Calling it "her first real breakout swim," he said she went "from pretty fast to really fast," dropping four to five seconds off her 200 meter freestyle short course time of normally around a minute fifty-two seconds, down to around a minute forty-seven, thereby putting Schmitt in what Morgan called "elite company."
Schmitt went to Canton High School in Canton Township, Michigan, from which she graduated in the Spring of 2008. During her senior year, as she continued to swim at what had, by then, become Club Wolverine (formerly AASC) on the University of Michigan campus in nearby Ann Arbor, she began training alongside Olympian Michael Phelps under the guidance of Phelps's longtime coach, the university's men's swimming and diving head coach Bob Bowman. Before the Summer Olympics in Beijing, having ended his tenure at University of Michigan, Bowman moved to Baltimore in anticipation of being named the head coach and CEO of the prestigious North Baltimore Aquatic Club (NBAC) the following September. Both Phelps and Schmitt followed, with Schmitt moving to Baltimore just after her spring 2008 high school graduation in order to train full-time with Phelps and Bowman during the weeks leading-up to that summer's Olympics in Beijing (at which Schmitt won her first Olympic medal, a bronze in the 4×200 meter freestyle).
After the Summer Olympics, in the fall of 2008, Schmitt moved to Athens to become a freshman at the University of Georgia, majoring in psychology, and minoring in Childhood and Family Development. She joined coach Jack Bauerle Georgia Bulldogs swimming and diving team, after she had just swum in the Summer Olympics under Bauerle in his capacity as the games' women's swimming head coach. She participated in NCAA competition during her freshman, sophomore and junior years, ultimately becoming a four-time NCAA national champion by winning the 500-yard freestyle in 2009, 2010, and 2011, and the 200-yard freestyle in 2010. While at college in Athens, Schmitt also became involved in Athens Bulldog Swim Club (ABSC) competitions on the University of Georgia campus.
During her first three years at the university, she trained with Phelps and Bowman in Baltimore only during summers, between semesters. However, in preparation for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, she took the 2011-2012 school year (her senior year) off, and so did not compete with the Bulldogs that year; and, instead, she moved to Baltimore and trained full-time with Bowman and Phelps at the NBAC; which training consisted of at least four hours in the pool and one hour on dry land, every day, six days a week. While living in Baltimore, Schmitt's roommate was NBAC teammate and Towson University Tigers freestyler and IM swimmer Meredith Budner.
After the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Schmitt plans to return to the University of Georgia to complete her senior year of college, where she said she looks forward to fellow NBAC teammate Chase Kalisz being a new Georgia Bulldogs teammate. Fellow 2012 Summer Olympic gold medalist in the 4×200 meter freestyle, Shannon Vreeland, will also, once again, be Schmitt's Bulldogs teammate when she returns to college. Though she will resume NCAA swimming in college when she returns, Schmitt has said she's unsure how much longer she'll swim: "...maybe to the next Olympics (2016), maybe not; it depends on a lot of things," she said.
Schmitt wrote on the bio form for her USA Swimming organization membership that she enjoys scrapbooking, taking pictures, playing outdoor games and playing board games; and that her ultimate way to relax is watching a movie or getting a massage. Whenever she returns home to Canton she likes to visit the local youth swim clubs and high school swim teams, both swimming and talking with the young swimmers, and encouraging them as a role model and mentor. "I love motivating these kids when they’re just starting to pave their own paths in life," she said.
About it all, Schmitt has said: "I didn't start swimming competitively until I was 10 and didn't really focus on it until I was 12, yet it's such a huge part of my life and I can't imagine my life without it. It's been an amazing journey, but more than that, it's shaped who I am as a person. The best part is all the friends I have made. I believe that I literally have the best friends anyone could ever imagine hoping for, and I met almost all of them because of swimming. Taking in all the memories with these amazing people, I feel pretty lucky with the paths I have crossed, and the people I have met because of swimming."
Swimming career.
2008 Summer Olympic Games.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Schmitt won a bronze medal in the 4x200-meter freestyle relay with Natalie Coughlin, Caroline Burckle, and Katie Hoff. Swimming the lead-off leg, Schmitt recorded a time of 1:57.71 and the American team finished with a time of 7:46.33, an American record. Schmitt also competed in the 200-meter freestyle, but did not advance past the semifinals, finishing in ninth place with a time of 1:58.01.
2009 World Aquatics Championships.
At the 2009 World Championships in Rome, Schmitt competed in three events, the 200-meter and 400-meter freestyle, and the 4×200-meter freestyle relay. In her first event, the 400-meter freestyle, Schmitt recorded the second best time in the heats with a time of 4:02.80. However, in the final she placed 4th with a time of 4:02.51. In her second event, the 200-meter freestyle, she won a silver medal finishing behind world record holder Federica Pellegrini by 1.98 seconds. Schmitt's time of 1:54.96 was good enough for the American record. In the 4×200-meter freestyle relay, she swam the final leg in 1:54.21 as the American team placed second to China. The final time of 7:42.56 was just behind China's time of 7:42.08, but was good enough for the American record.
2011 World Aquatics Championships.
At the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, Schmitt won a gold medal in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay with Missy Franklin, Dagny Knutson, and Katie Hoff, with the team finishing ahead of Australia and China. As the anchor leg, Schmitt had a 1:56.49 split. Schmitt also competed in the individual 200-meter freestyle and finished sixth in the final (1:56.98).
2012 Summer Olympic Games.
At the 2012 United States Olympic Trials in Omaha, Nebraska, the U.S. qualifying meet for the 2012 Olympics, Schmitt made the U.S. Olympic team by finishing first in the 200-meter and 400-meter freestyle, and third in the 100-meter freestyle. In the 200-meter freestyle final, Schmitt broke her own American record of 1:54.96 with a time of 1:54.40.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Schmitt won a total of five medals: three gold, one silver, and one bronze. In her first event, the 4×100-meter freestyle relay, Schmitt won bronze with Missy Franklin, Jessica Hardy and Lia Neal, with the U.S. team finishing third behind the women's relay teams from Australia and the Netherlands. Swimming the anchor leg, Schmitt had a split of 53.54 seconds and the team finished with a total time of 3:34.24, an American record. Schmitt won the first individual Olympic medal of her career, a silver, in the 400-meter freestyle, and in doing so, set the American record for the event. Her time of 4:01.77 was just 0.32 seconds behind winner Camille Muffat. In her second and last individual event, the 200-meter freestyle, Schmitt won gold while setting a new Olympic record of 1:53.61, which was also a new American record. In the race, Schmitt won by a margin of 1.97 seconds over Muffat. In the 4x200-meter freestyle relay, Schmitt earned her second gold after passing Australian Alicia Coutts and topping the field with a split of 1:54.09 as the anchor leg. Also on the winning 4×200-meter relay team were Missy Franklin, Dana Vollmer and Shannon Vreeland. In her final event, the 4×100-meter medley relay, Schmitt won gold with Missy Franklin, Rebecca Soni, and Dana Vollmer. Swimming the freestyle leg, Schmitt recorded a time of 53.25, and the American team went on to set the world record with a time of 3:52.05, bettering the Chinese-owned record of 3:52.19 set in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18857506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857506" title="Bavarian D IV (Ostbahn)">
Bavarian D IV (Ostbahn)

The Bavarian Class D IV was a German steam locomotive with the Bavarian Eastern Railway ("Bayrische Ostbahn").
These engines had inside frames and Allan valve gear and were delivered in three series, that differed from one another in their dimensions. The original classification D was adopted by the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn") and amended to D IV. Initially all the engines were taken over by the Deutsche Reichsbahn. However only six vehicles were given running numbers (88 7021–7026). By the late 1920s they were all either retired or sold.

</doc>
<doc id="18857507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857507" title="Caroline Burckle">
Caroline Burckle

Caroline Burckle (born June 24, 1986) is an American former competition swimmer and Olympic bronze medalist.
Early years.
Burckle was born in Louisville, Kentucky. She attended Sacred Heart Academy in Louisville, and graduated in 2004.
College career.
Burckle accepted an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where she swam for coach Gregg Troy's Florida Gators swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and Southeastern Conference (SEC) competition from 2005 to 2008. She won two NCAA individual championships in the 200- and 500-yard freestyle event in 2008, and was named the 2008 NCAA Female Swimmer of the Year by virtue of winning two NCAA national championships and breaking the oldest-standing women's NCAA swimming record by swimming a 4:33.60 in the 500-yard freestyle.
She also won SEC individual championships in the 200-yard freestyle (2005), the 500-yard freestyle (2005, 2008), the 100-yard breaststroke (2007), and the 200-yard breaststroke (2008), and three more SEC titles as a member of the Gators' winning relay teams in the 4x100-yard medley relay (2005), the 4x200-yard freestyle relay (2005), and the 4x50-yard medley relay (2008). During her four-year college career, she received twenty-three All-American honors. She graduated from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree in sociology in 2009.
Burckle's younger brother Clark also swam for Florida, but transferred to the University of Arizona before his senior year, and was an individual NCAA champion in the 200-yard breaststroke in 2010.
International career.
In 2005, Burckle was selected to compete at the World Championships in Montreal. She swam in the preliminaries of the 4x200-meter freestyle relay for the gold-medal-winning U.S. team. At the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Burckle won the gold medal in the 800-meter freestyle.
At the 2008 U.S. Olympic Team Trials in Omaha, Nebraska, Burckle placed fourth in the 200-meter freestyle, earning a place on the Olympic swim team for the 4x200-meter freestyle relay. Burckle also placed fourth in the 400-meter freestyle and fifth in the 800-meter freestyle in Omaha.
At the 2008 Olympic Games, Burckle earned a bronze medal swimming in the 4x200-meter freestyle relay. Burckle swam the lead-off leg in the preliminary heats in 1:57.86, and was selected to swim in the final. She swam the third leg of the final in 1:56.70.
At the 2009 National Championships, Burckle placed third in the 400-meter freestyle, barely missing the chance to compete at the 2009 World Championships. Burckle was, however, named to the 2009–2010 U.S. National Team.
In the fall of 2009, Burckle moved to Fullerton, California to train with the FAST Swim Team under coach Sean Hutchison. She retired from competition swimming in 2010.
Life after competition swimming.
After her move to Southern California in 2009, Burckle enrolled at the Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising. She completed a degree in merchandise product development in 2010. In 2011, Burckle briefly relocated to San Diego to work for Montiel USA, a start-up women's "active wear" line. 
In late 2011, Burckle returned to Louisville to begin Stilwellness, a health and wellness coaching business. Burckle is a member of the International Coaching Federation and Ohio Valley Professional Coaching Alliance, and is pursuing a degree from Wellcoaches School.

</doc>
<doc id="18857510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857510" title="Adriano Garsia">
Adriano Garsia

Adriano Mario Garsia (born 20 August 1928) is an Italian American mathematician who works in combinatorics, representation theory, and algebraic geometry, a student of Charles Loewner. He published work on representation theory, symmetric functions and algebraic combinatorics.
Born to Italian Tunisians in Tunis, Garsia moved to Rome in 1946.
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18857515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857515" title="Passionate Minds">
Passionate Minds

Passionate Minds: The Great Enlightenment Love Affair is a book by author David Bodanis. Written in the form of a novel, the book deals with the life and love of Voltaire and his mistress, scientist Émilie du Châtelet. It also discusses the theories they propounded about life, theology and the nature of the universe. The story was written with the aid of historic letters of correspondence between Émilie and Voltaire, as well as between several other prominent figures of the Enlightenment.
Background.
The novel is set in the period of development in Western Europe known as the Age of Enlightenment. At the time new scientific discoveries were being made, and people began to question society and the ruling classes. The story is set against a backdrop of social and political turmoil. The book takes place over a period of 43 years, from 1706 to 1749.
Themes.
The book utilizes several themes to convey its story to the reader. The predominate themes are:
Plot.
The book starts with a "flash forward" in which Émilie du Châtelet is briefly introduced. It is June in the year 1749, and Émilie is in the final stages of her pregnancy. She is struggling to complete a book of her theories and calculations, and fears that she will not have enough time to finish the thesis. The book then jumps back in time to the year 1706, and to a younger
Émilie. She has not yet met Voltaire, and is but ten years old. She lives with her parents, and is considered an unusual child because of her love of books and reading.

</doc>
<doc id="18857517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857517" title="Messing Maypole Mill">
Messing Maypole Mill

Messing Maypole Mill is a grade II listed Tower mill at Tiptree, Essex, England which has been converted to a residence. Prior to boundary changes made when the civil parish of Tiptree was established in 1934, the mill was in the parish of Tolleshunt Knights.
History.
"Messing Maypole Mill" was built in 1775 by Colchester millwright John Mathett at a cost of £315 excluding the brickwork. Matchett also rebuilt a post mill which stood some south west of the tower mill (TL 894 167) and sum of £315 may include that work. Matchett owned the mill until it was purchased by miller Thomas Green in 1797. The mill passed to Edward Harvey on Green’s death in 1806. Harvey died in 1829 and in 1829 the mill was purchased by miller James Peake. Peake was declared bankrupt in 1845 and the mill sold by his assignees. George Ransom was the next miller, and he introduced steam power. After the death of Ransom in 1884 the mill was run by his widow for a few years and then by Henry Cattermole. In 1890, the Colchester millwright Bryant replaced the old wooden windshaft with the cast iron windshaft from the annular sailed mill at Roxwell. Bryant may have added the fantail at this time. Milling by wind ceased c1911. During World War I the mill was worked by steam alone. Frederick King put the mill back to full working order in the 1920s, but the sails were finally removed in February 1927, leaving just the stocks. Milling continued until at least 1962, although the millstones were removed in 1960. Power latterly was by electricity. The mill was converted into a residence in 1969.
Description.
"Messing Maypole Mill" is a four storey brick tower mill with a domed cap. When built it had four Common sails carried on a wooden windshaft and was winded by hand. There was a stage at first floor level. The tower is diameter at base level, decreasing to at curb level. Height of the tower is to curb and the mill stands to the base of the finial on the cap, which was latterly winded by a fantail carried over the rear extension which housed the hand winding apparatus. The brickwork is thick at base level and thick at curb level.
The diameter wooden Brake Wheel is of clasp arm construction, converted from compass arm. It has 72 cogs and is carried on a cast iron windshaft which formerly carried four double Patent sails. The brake wheel drove a wooden Wallower carried on a long wooden Upright Shaft. The diameter wooden Great Spur Wheel is of compass arm construction with 84 cogs. The mill latterly drove three pairs of millstones.
Millers.
References for above:-

</doc>
<doc id="18857530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857530" title="Clark Brisson">
Clark Brisson

Clark Brisson (born February 9, 1969) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who is currently the Director of Coaching for the Bridge Futbal Alliance in South Carolina. He was a 1989 first team All American at the University of South Carolina and went on to play for nearly a decade in the National Professional Soccer League, USISL and USL A-League.
Youth.
Brisson attended Sanderson High School in Raleigh, North Carolina, graduating in 1987. In 1986, the Brisson was named the High School State Championship MVP as Sanderson defeated Reynolds High School of Winston Salem in the State 4A championship. He then attended the University of South Carolina, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1987 to 1990. He finished his career ranked sixth all time on the school’s career goals list with 36 and fifth all time on the assists list with 26. In 1989, he was selected as a first team All American. In 1991, he played on the U.S. soccer team at the World University Games.
Professional.
On October 15, 1991, Brisson signed with the Canton Invaders of the |National Professional Soccer League who had selected him in the second round of the 1991 NPSL draft. He was the team's second leading scorer, but left the team at the end of the 1991-1992 season. In 1993, Brisson was the first player signed by the expansion Charleston Battery of the USISL. In October 1993, he moved to the Baltimore Spirit of the NPSL for the 1993-1994 season. He then moved to the Dayton Dynamo for the 1994-1995 season. In 1996, he signed with the Philadelphia KiXX for the 1996-1997 season. In 1999, Brisson was back with the Battery, this time playing in the USL A-League.
Coach.
At some point in his career, Brisson served as an assistant coach with the University of New Haven women’s soccer team. However, he has spent most of his coaching career with youth clubs in South Carolina. From 2000 to 2003, he was the director of City Soccer in Charleston. He also served as the Director of Coaching in the Summerville Soccer Club until 2007. That year, he founded Bridge Futbal Alliance where he is currently the Director of Coaching.

</doc>
<doc id="18857538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857538" title="Eemil Halonen">
Eemil Halonen

Eemil Halonen (21 May 1875, Lapinlahti – 5 November 1950) was one of Finland’s most productive sculptors. He first studied woodworking at the Lappeenranta and Lapvesi Crafting School. Later he studied sculpture with Emil Wikström at the Finnish Art School. He travelled to study in Russia, France and Italy.
Eemil Halonen’s artwork was multifaceted. While living in Lapinlahti he sculpted images of the common people as well as public works, which he often made from Finnish wood and stone. After moving to Helsinki in 1919 Eemil Halonen concentrated on commissioned works, for example gravestones. His sculpture of Minna Canth, unveiled in Kuopio in 1937, is one of Halonen’s best known public pieces.
Eemil Halonen is one of the most notable interpreters of Finland’s national epic, the Kalevala. During his artistic career, which lasted more than 50 years, he repeatedly depicted subjects from the Kalevala. A central theme of his sculpture was women characters from the Kalevala, from Louhe to Sotkottaret. For Eemil Halonen the Kalevala was a sacred book that broadly affected his view of life. He would often say: ”The Kalevala has wisdom behind it”.

</doc>
<doc id="18857553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857553" title="Sudha Shenoy">
Sudha Shenoy

Sudha Shenoy, PhD (1943–2008) was an Austrian school economist and economic historian. From 1986 to 2004, she worked as a lecturer in economics at the University of Newcastle in Australia. She was an Honorary Associate in Economic History at the School of Policy and an adjunct scholar at the Ludwig von Mises Institute.
Shenoy’s father was Professor Bellikoth Raghunath Shenoy, an eminent Indian economist who studied under Friedrich Hayek at the London School of Economics.
Articles and positions.
Shenoy published many articles on economic history and economic development and development and also compiled and edited Friedrich Hayek’s book "A Tiger by the Tail: The Keynesian Legacy of Inflation".
Shenoy was a strong advocate of free trade and a critic of central planning and the welfare state. She once told Lew Rockwell that Australia was “freer than the US.” When Rockwell asked why, she replied: “Because Australia never had a civil war, and so we still have states rights.” She added: “Jefferson was correct about competitive sovereignty helping to preserve liberty.”
She was also highly critical of mainstream economics and especially the widespread adoption in mainstream economics of the methods of the natural sciences; she believed that, as a result of this methodology, mainstream economics was hopelessly removed from the real world. In a 2003 interview she commented that:

</doc>
<doc id="18857558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857558" title="Perdizes, Minas Gerais">
Perdizes, Minas Gerais

Perdizes is a Brazilian municipality located in the west of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 13,924 people living in a total area of 2,450 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Triângulo Mineiro and Alto Paranaíba and to the micro-region of Araxá. It became a municipality in 1938.
Location.
Perdizes is located at an elevation of 830 meters, 95 km. southeast of Uberlândia and south of the Nova Ponte Reservoir. Neighboring municipalities are: Patrocínio (N), Serra do Salitre (NE), Ibiá (E), Araxá (SE), Uberaba (S), Santa Juliana and Pedrinópolis (W).
Communications and Distances.
Perdizes is connected to both Araxá and Uberlândia by national highway BR-462. The distance to Araxá is 46 kilometers; Pedrinópolis is 35 km; Uberaba is 95 km. The distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 480 km.
Economic activities.
The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$195 million, with 22 million reais from taxes, 84 million reais from services, 54 million reais from industry, and 33 million reais from agriculture. There were 628 rural producers on 18,000 hectares of land. The land is very fertile and agricultural production is high. 136 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 2,400 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main crops are coffee, rice, soybeans, beans, and corn. There were 18,000 head of cattle (2006). 
There were 4 bank (2007) and 3,525 automobiles (2007), giving a ratio of 4 inhabitants per automobile.
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 7 public health clinics and 1 hospital with 50 beds (2005). Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Araxá or to Uberlândia, which are connected by good roads. Educational needs were met by 15 primary schools, 4 middle schools, and 7 pre-primary schools. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$273.00 was just below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="18857559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857559" title="List of films shot in Sydney">
List of films shot in Sydney

The following is a list of films shot wholly or partly in Sydney or elsewhere in New South Wales. There are almost 200 movies listed in the IMDb as having been shot in Sydney. This is a list of the more prominent, commercial or notable films.

</doc>
<doc id="18857572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857572" title="S6000">
S6000

S6000 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18857576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857576" title="David Walters (swimmer)">
David Walters (swimmer)

David Walters (born September 27, 1987) is an American swimmer and Olympic gold medalist. He graduated from Tabb High School.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Walters earned a gold medal by swimming in the heats of the 4×200 m freestyle relay. As part of the American team, he holds the world record in the 4×100 m medley relay (long course). Walters is also a seven-time medalist (five gold, one silver, one bronze) at the World Aquatics Championships.
Career.
2008 Summer Olympic Games.
Walters swam the first leg of the 4×200 m freestyle preliminaries (in 1:46.57) with Ricky Berens, Erik Vendt, and Klete Keller. Their time of 7:04.66 broke the previous Olympic record of 7:07.05 set by Australia in 2000. In the final of the 4×200 m freestyle, Michael Phelps, Ryan Lochte, Berens, and Peter Vanderkaay, swam a combined time of 6:58.56, a new world record.
2009 World Championships.
At the 2009 National Championships, Walters competed in three events. In his first event, the 200 m freestyle, Walters placed second to Michael Phelps with a time of 1:44.95. In the 100 m freestyle, Walters placed second to Nathan Adrian in a time of 48.17. In the 50 m freestyle, Walters placed 15th in the heats with a time of 22.60.
At the 2009 World Aquatics Championships in Rome, Walters earned a gold medal as a member of the 4×200 m freestyle relay. Walters, with Michael Phelps, Ricky Berens, and Ryan Lochte swam a combined time of 6:58.55 to break the world record set last year in Beijing. In the 100 m freestyle final, Walters placed 5th with a time of 47.33 to break Michael Phelps' American record of 47.51. Walters placed 12th overall in the 200 m freestyle and did not advance to the final. In the 4×100 m medley relay final, Walters, with Aaron Peirsol, Michael Phelps, and Eric Shanteau, swam a combined time of 3:27.28 to break the world record set last year in Beijing.
Personal bests.
Key: NR = National record

</doc>
<doc id="18857590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857590" title="Chiara Cainero">
Chiara Cainero

Chiara Cainero (Born March 24, 1978 in Udine, Italy) is an Italian sport shooter who won a gold medal in Skeet at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
She qualified for her third Olympics, 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18857625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857625" title="Attila Szili">
Attila Szili

Attila Szili (born 11 March 1978 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football player.
He was the captain of the Hungary under-20 team which participated in 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship in Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="18857638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857638" title="Nikita Lobintsev">
Nikita Lobintsev

Nikita Konstantinovich Lobintsev (; born 21 November 1988, Sverdlovsk) is a freestyle swimmer from Russia, who won the silver medal in the 4×200m freestyle relay at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18857644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857644" title="Bavarian D II (Ostbahn)">
Bavarian D II (Ostbahn)

The Bavarian Class D II was a German goods train tender locomotive with the Bavarian Eastern Railway ("Bayrische Ostbahn").
The two engines, with the names "Deggendorf" und "Bayrischer Wald" were built by the Deggendorf-Plattling Railway for their branch line and taken over in 1867 by the "Ostbahn". On the nationalisation of the "Ostbahn", the Royal Bavarian State Railways initially incorporated the engines into group E, and later into group D as the Class D II.

</doc>
<doc id="18857648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857648" title="Danila Izotov">
Danila Izotov

Izotov Danila Sergeevich (; born 2 October 1991 in Novouralsk) is a Russian swimmer, a member of the Russian National team since 2008, and a multiple medalist at the Olympic Games and World Championships, as well as a European champion. He is coached by his father, Sergey Alexandrovich Izotov.
Izotov won a silver medal at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing in the 4×200 m freestyle relay together with Alexander Sukhorukov, Yevgeny Lagunov and Nikita Lobintsev.
In 2009, he set a world record in the 4×100 m medley in short swimming pools of 3:19.16 in St. Petersburg. At the 2009 World Championships in Rome he was the only Russian individual medalist – a bronze in the 200 m freestyle. Besides he swam the third laps in the finals of 4×100 and 4×200 m relay races, where the Russians won the silver medal.
Education.
Izotov is a student of the Institute of Physical Culture, Ural State Pedagogical University (USPU) Yekaterinburg.
Awards and titles.
Honoured Master of Sports of Russian Federation.
The medal of order for the merits before the motherland of the 2nd degree – for the valuable contribution in the development of physical culture and sport, high sports achievements on the XXIX Olympic Games of 2008 in Beijing (2009).
Notes.
1. The decree of the President of Russian Federation from August 2, 2009 N885 “ about state awarding of Russian Federation

</doc>
<doc id="18857656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857656" title="Alexandr Sukhorukov">
Alexandr Sukhorukov

Alexandr Nikolayevich Sukhorukov (, born 22 February 1988) is a freestyle swimmer from Russia. He competed in the 200 m freestyle and 4×200 m freestyle relay at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics and won a silver medal in the relay in 2008.
Sukhorukov learned swimming from his mother Svetlana, a professional swimming coach, and started systematic training at age 14 under Oleg Litvinenko and Sergei Fyodorov. In 2004 he was selected for the national team. After graduating from the Ukhta Technical University he moved to Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="18857661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857661" title="Mikhail Polischuk">
Mikhail Polischuk

Mikhail Mikhailovich Polischuk (, born 10 January 1989) is a freestyle swimmer from Russia. He was part of the Russian 4×200 m freestyle relay teams that finished in second and tenth place at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18857679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857679" title="Jakarta Islamic Index">
Jakarta Islamic Index

The Jakarta Islamic Index (JII) is a stock market index established on July 3, 2000 on the Indonesia Stock Exchange (IDX) (formerly known as Jakarta Stock Exchange) to help facilitate the trading of public companies according to Syariah business code. Following Islamic law prohibits a company from involving itself in activities related to gambling, speculation, and traditional banking and financing. The JII may not list equities that produce or distribute food, drink, or morally harmful items that stand in contradiction with Islamic values.
Considerations for the JII must meet procedural standards as well as performance requirements, such as:
A reevaluation of the listed share will be held every six months, once in January and again in July.
Components.
As of 1 December 2013, the Jakarta Islamic Index contained 30 publicly traded companies:

</doc>
<doc id="18857689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857689" title="Aleksandrs Ābrams">
Aleksandrs Ābrams

Aleksandrs Ābrams (born 1904, date of death unknown) was a Latvian football forward who used to play with Rīgas FK, the most successful Latvian football club of 1920s and 1930s.
Club playing career.
The first club that Ābrams played with was Amatieris for which he played in 1923. In 1924 along with two other notable Amatieris footballers – Arkādijs Pavlovs and Arnolds Tauriņš Ābrams joined RFK as it went on to its first Latvian league title. Ābrams went on to winning two more league titles with RFK in 1925 and 1926. At the end of the 1927 season Ābrams was one of several RFK main squad footballers (together with Arvīds Jurgens, Voldemārs Plade, Česlavs Stančiks and others) to leave the team for the newly founded Riga Vanderer club which became a strong rival for RFK in the following years (RFK was usually the stronger side on field, but there was always a high tension surrounding the derby between these two sides). In 1928 RV with Ābrams as one its key players won the Riga Class B tournament to progress to Class A which it won the following year.
In 1930 Ābrams returned together with Vanderer to the top tier of Latvian football, winning the bronze medals of Virslīga. He retired from top level football in 1931. In later years Ābrams played in football tournaments for clerks as a member of the squad of the Latvian customs office.
National team playing career.
Ābrams played 8 international matches for Latvia national football team in the period from 1924 to 1927, scoring two goals – in friendly matches against Estonia and Lithuania in 1924. He played for Latvia for the last time on 29 May 1927 as Latvia suffered a devastating 0–12 loss against Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="18857693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857693" title="S7000">
S7000

S7000 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18857697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857697" title="Tjotter">
Tjotter

A tjotter is the smallest of the open round Fries sailing ships with a length on the stern exceeding 5.4 m.
The ship has no roundwood and it has a wide helm. The head of the rudder is usually decorated with a sculpture, sometimes in the form of a bird.
Originally, the tjotter was used in Friesland for small-scale transport of goods and people at a time that there were only few roads. A tjotter with the size 4.8 m x 2.4 m in Friesland is called a "fjouwer-yacht". At the wharf of Pier Piersma, fjouwer-yachts are still commonly built. 

</doc>
<doc id="18857700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857700" title="Claire Febvay">
Claire Febvay

Claire Febvay (born in Oullins on July 16, 1982) is a French diver.

</doc>
<doc id="18857709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857709" title="1993 Sandown 500">
1993 Sandown 500

The 1993 Sandown 500 was an endurance race for Group 3A Touring Cars and selected Group 3E Series Production Cars, held at the Sandown circuit in Victoria, Australia on 12 September 1993.
The event was staged over 161 laps of the 3.10 km circuit, a total distance of 499 km.
See also.
1993 Australian Touring Car season

</doc>
<doc id="18857768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857768" title="Melody Lane">
Melody Lane

The Melody Lane series of books, geared toward young females, was written by veteran author Lilian Garis. The series comprised nine books, spanning from 1933 to 1940. 
The first 6 books in the series originally had cover illustrations by Pelagie Doane, but were later all re-illustrated by Ruth King. The final volume's artwork returned to Doane, although it was done in a style arguably more similar to King's illustrations. Interior artwork was by Doane as well. 

</doc>
<doc id="18857770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857770" title="High Sheriff of Merseyside">
High Sheriff of Merseyside


</doc>
<doc id="18857798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857798" title="Vance Wilkins">
Vance Wilkins

Shirley Vance Wilkins, Jr. (born August 12, 1936, in Amherst County, Virginia) is a retired American politician of the Republican Party. He was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates from 1978-2002. In 2000 he became the first non-Democratic Speaker since the Readjuster Party controlled the House in the early 1880s.
Wilkins was considered the driving force in the expansion of Republican House membership in the 1980s and 1990s, especially after he became minority leader in 1992. In his first term as Speaker, he oversaw the redistricting of the House after the 2000 census which led to an increase in the Republican majority from 52-47 (1 independent) to 64-34 (2 independents) after the November 2001 election.
Wilkins' tenure as Speaker ended early in his second term. First, in March 2002, Republican Party of Virginia chair Ed Matricardi was accused of eavesdropping on a Democratic Party conference call. Republican state Attorney General Jerry Kilgore began an investigation, which soon expanded to include Wilkins' chief of staff, Claudia D. Tucker, and brought suspicion on Wilkins himself.
Then, on June 7, 2002, "The Washington Post" reported that executives of Wilkins' former construction company had revealed that Wilkins had paid $100,000 to a former political staffer, Jennifer L. Thompson, to keep quiet about "unwelcome sexual advances" by Wilkins. Under pressure from Kilgore and his own caucus, Wilkins resigned as Speaker a week later, and resigned from the House shortly afterward.

</doc>
<doc id="18857800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857800" title="The Red Dwarf (film)">
The Red Dwarf (film)

The Red Dwarf is a Belgian comedy drama directed by Yvan Le Moine released in 1998. It is based on "Le nain rouge", a story by Michel Tournier.
Synopsis.
Lucien L'Hotte, a dwarf becomes enamoured and begins an affair with the singer Paola Bendoni. Lucien excuses himself from her company and, in a dramatic scene, indulges in her luxurious bathtub and emerges and boldly pursues an affair with the singer, who is in the midst of divorce. After some time her problems with her husband subside and the two make amends, and Lucien is driven mad, proclaiming, "If you do not love me, I love you. And if I love you beware". Lucien then contrives her murder and frames her husband successfully, and disappears shortly after to live as a carnie. There he falls in platonic love with the carnival director's pre-pubescent daughter which arouses the suspicion of paedophilic motivations by the director, who forbids his daughter to see or perform with L'Hotte.
On the verge of being ostracised from the carnival, L'Hotte creates a show of his own that becomes wildly popular—and in the process profitable to the director. L'Hotte then stages a homosexual relationship with his partner in his carnival act to settle suspicions of unwanted interest in the young girl.

</doc>
<doc id="18857804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857804" title="S450">
S450

S450 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18857864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857864" title="Jorge Teron">
Jorge Teron

Jorge Luis Teron (born May 6, 1985 in the Bronx, New York) is a Puerto Rican-American professional boxer, fighting out of New York City. Teron is the former New York State and a former NABO Lightweight champion.
Amateur career.
Born and raised in the Bronx, Teron is the median kid of family, has two brothers. Carlos Teron, born in 1992, his younger brother is also a young amateur. Teron had begun boxing at the age of 13, with his father's collimation at Webster PAL. His amateur record consists 86–9, achieved three times consecutive New York Golden Gloves championship in two different weight divisions, featherweight-novice, and lightweight-open between 2002 and 2004.
Professional career.
Teron turned into professional when he was 20, in 2005. Teron started his career with flashing results, finishing his first 4 bouts with KOs in early 2005. His ascending trend continued with 10 straight victories until his fight against Armando Cordoba which finalized as a draw in June 30, 2006. The duo had a revenge just 26 days later and Teron dispatched his opponent by unanimous decision after 6 rounds. Teron then achieved one more pretty successful victory row, sum of 12 fights since July 2006.
In December, 2008, Teron lost the first bout of his professional career against Aldo Valtierra. Teron defeated Valtierra in a rematch 5 months later. In February 2010, Teron fought top Lightweight contender, Mexican American Brandon Rios for the vacant NABF Lightweight title. Teron would suffer his second loss to Rios.
Personal life.
Teron is working with Mark Breland, a former World and Olympic champion since his 10th pro-bout against Marcus Luck. His manager is Steven Heid.
He studied successively at JFK High School in his native borough and, at the Business Administration Department of Bronx Community College. He sparred with Dmitriy Salita and Edgar Santana at Gleason's Gym. 
According to Showbox pro-fight preview for the fight against Mexican Michael Lozada, Teron grew up with his grandmother due to his mother is in a wheelchair. Additionally, this fight was broadcast live on Pan-European sports channel Eurosport, as its first ever bout in European TVs, on August 1, 2008.
He also trained with WBO world title contender Zahir Raheem for a while in Atlanta.

</doc>
<doc id="18857868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857868" title="Virtual Socket Interface Alliance">
Virtual Socket Interface Alliance

What does "VSIA" stand for ?
VSIA stands for Virtual Socket Interface Alliance, which is a body of SIP (Semiconductor / Silicon intellectual property) standards. VSIA was founded in 1996 and dissolved in 2008, and was an open, international organization of companies such as Mentor Graphics, Cadence Design Systems, Magma Design Automation, ARM Holdings, and Synopsys, from various segments of the SoC (System-on-a-chip) industry.
Importance of VSIA.
VSIA’s mission was to enhance the productivity of the SoC design community dramatically. VSIA has developed an international standard, the QIP metric (Quality Intellectual Property Metric) for measuring SIP quality and examining the practices used to design, integrate and support the IP. This is important and, to have a measure of the quality, VSIA also works on other issues such as IP protection, IP transfer, IP integration and IP reuse standards (IP hardening is required for easy IP reuse) for Integrated circuit design.
Eg. for IP Trading.
Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation (HKSTP), which was set up by Hong Kong government, joined VSIA as a member in 2006. HKSTP and Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST) started to develop a SIP verification and quality measures framework in 2005.
The objective is to develop a technical framework for SIP quality measures and evaluation based on QIP. HKSTP provides QIP services, and a SIP trading platform for different semiconductor vendors, developers, and SIP providers.

</doc>
<doc id="18857924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857924" title="Empire Tower, Bangkok">
Empire Tower, Bangkok

The Empire Tower is a skyscraper located in Sathon business district, Bangkok, Thailand, adjacent to Sathon Road and Narathiwat Road, close to Chong Nonsi Station (Silom Line of the BTS Skytrain). Empire Tower 1 is currently the 6th tallest building in Thailand and Bangkok. It is the tallest all office building in Thailand. The Empire Tower 1 has 62 floors and is 227 metres tall.

</doc>
<doc id="18857942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18857942" title="Wikipedia defense">
Wikipedia defense

The Wikipedia defense is a legal strategy that attempts to harvest the power of like-minded individuals on the internet for developing legal arguments and, possibly, to defray the cost of legal research.
Potential value of free advice.
In SCO v. IBM, IBM benefited from an anonymous blogger with a shared interest and ability to do legal research. The Wikipedia defense is a solicitation for this type of (free) advice.
History.
The term is attributed to Floyd Landis, who used it during his unsuccessful fight to clear his name on doping charges.

</doc>
<doc id="18858029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858029" title="Jesus Nogueiras">
Jesus Nogueiras

Jesus Nogueiras (born in Santa Clara, Cuba, July 17, 1959) is a Cuban chess Grandmaster. He was a World Championship Candidate in 1985–87. Major tournament victories include winning the Cuban Chess Championship five times (1977 (tie), 1978, 1984 (tie), 1991, and 2000) the Capablanca Memorial in 1984 and the Torre Memorial in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18858039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858039" title="Christine Wenzel">
Christine Wenzel

Christine Wenzel (née Brinker on 10 July 1981 in Ibbenbüren) is a German skeet shooter. She started shooting in 2000 and is competing for German club SSC Schale under the guidance of Wilhelm Metelmann. She won the bronze in the women's skeet at the 2008 Olympics Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18858075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858075" title="All-time Paralympic Games medal table">
All-time Paralympic Games medal table

An all-time medal table for all Paralympic Games from 1960 to 2012 Summer Paralympic Games and 1976 to 2010 Winter Paralympic Games is tabulated below. 
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) itself does not publish all-time tables, and publishes unofficial tables only per single Games. This table was thus multiplied by adding up single entries from the IO\PC database.
The results are attributed to the IPC country code as currently displayed by the IPC database. Usually, a single code corresponds to a single National Paralympic Committee (NPC). When different codes are displayed for different years, medal counts are combined in the case of a simple change of IPC code (such as from RHO to ZIM for Zimbabwe) or simple change of country name (such as from Ceylon to Sri Lanka). As the medals are attributed to each NPC, not all totals include medals won by athletes from that country for another NPC, such as before independence of that country (see individual footnotes for special cases such as combined teams). Names in italic are national entities that no longer exist.
__TOC__
Medal table.
The table is pre-sorted by the name of each Paralympic Committee, but can be displayed as sorted by any other column, such as the total number of gold medals or total number of overall medals. To sort by gold, silver, and then bronze (as used unofficially by the IPC and by most broadcasters outside the US) sort first by the bronze column, then the silver, and then the gold.
NPCs without medals.
National Paralympic Committees that have not yet won a Paralympic medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18858101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858101" title="Steele, Germany">
Steele, Germany

Steele became a city in the Ruhrgebiet (Ruhr area) in 1578. In 1929 it became a suburb of Essen. 
Steele is bordered on the south by the Ruhr river. It is bordered by the cities of Kray in the north, Leithe in the northeast, Freisenbruch in the east, Horst in the southeast, Überruhr in the south, Bergerhausen in the southwest, and Huttrop in the west. It has two railway stations: Essen-Steele station and Essen-Steele Ost station.

</doc>
<doc id="18858164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858164" title="Capel Bangor">
Capel Bangor

Capel Bangor is a small village in Ceredigion, in Wales. Its population is around 600-1000, and it is also approximately five miles from the seaside and university town of Aberystwyth.
Facilities.
The size of the village of Capel Bangor decreased during the 20th century, and facilities are limited. Accommodation (bed and breakfast) is available on one of the village's working farms, and there is a public house, the Tynllidiart Arms, which also serves food. Also there is the Maes Bangor Arms. There is a railway station on the seasonal Vale of Rheidol Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18858198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858198" title="Robert Clarke (disambiguation)">
Robert Clarke (disambiguation)

Robert Clarke (1920–2005) was an American actor best known for his cult classic science fiction films of the 1950s.
Robert Clarke may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18858207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858207" title="Gabriel Gifford">
Gabriel Gifford

Gabriel Gifford (religious name: Gabriel of St Mary (English), Gabriel de Sainte-Marie (French)) (born 1554 – died 11 April 1629) was an English Roman Catholic Benedictine who became Archbishop of Reims.
Life.
Born William Gifford in Hampshire to John Gifford, Esq., of Weston-under-Edge, Gloucestershire, and his wife, Elizabeth, daughter of Sir George Throckmorton, Kt. of Coughton, Warwickshire, he was sent to Oxford in 1569, where he was entrusted to the care of John Bridgewater, President of Lincoln College, who was a Catholic at heart. 
William Gifford remained at Oxford for about four years, part of which time he spent in the celebrated boarding school kept by the Catholic physician, Dr Etheridge, where he had been placed on the compulsory retirement of Bridgewater for refusal to conform. After that period, Gifford, accompanied by his tutor, proceeded to the Catholic University of Louvain (1573), resumed there his studies, and took the degree of M.A. After having also obtained his baccalaureate in theology on the completion of a four-year course in that science under Cardinal Bellarmine, Gifford was forced to quit Leuven owing to the disturbances in the Low Countries. 
He pursued his ecclesiastical studies at Paris, at Reims, which he visited (1577) at the invitation of William Allen, and at the English College at Rome, of which he was admitted a member on 15 September 1579. Having been ordained priest in March 1582, he was recalled to Reims by Allen as professor of theology at the English College.
The degree of Doctor of Divinity was conferred on him in December 1584 at Pont-à-Mousson in Lorraine, after which, returning to Reims, Gifford taught theology at intervals for nearly twelve years. Upon Allen's elevation to the cardinalate, Gifford accompanied him to Rome in the capacity of chaplain, and it is said that during this visit he resided for a time in the household of Charles Borromeo. About this time (1597) Gifford was preferred to the deanery of Lille, which office Pope Clement VIII conferred on him at the instance, it is alleged, of the Archbishop of Milan. This dignity he retained for about ten years, and, after his withdrawal from Lille (c. 1606), he was made "rector magnificus" of Reims University. In 1608, Gifford, who had always esteemed the Benedictines, and befriended them in many ways, took the habit of that order and subsequently became prior at Dieulouard (Dieulewart). 
In 1611, Father Gabriel of St Mary, as Gifford was known in religious life, went to Brittany to lay the foundation of a small community of his order at St. Malo. He was favourably received by the bishop, and a chair of divinity was assigned to him. He was one of the nine definitors chosen in 1617 to arrange the terms of union among the Benedictine congregations in England, of which province he was elected first president in May of the same year. In 1618, Gifford was consecrated coadjutor bishop to Cardinal Louis III, Cardinal of Guise, Archbishop of Reims, with the title of Episcopus Archidaliæ (Bishop of Archidal). On the death of Guise, he succeeded to the archbishopric, becoming also, by virtue of his office, Duke of Reims and First Peer of France. 
Works.
Before his death, which occurred in 1629 at Reims, he had acquired a high reputation as a preacher. His writings include:
The latter work, begun by Dr. Reynolds, Clifford completed and edited. He translated from the French of Fronto-Ducæus, S.J., "The Inventory of Errors, Contradictions, and false Citations of Philip Mornay, Lord of Plessis and Mornay". He also wrote, at the request of the Duke of Guise, a treatise in favour of the Ligue.
The "Sermones Adventuales" (Reims, 1625) were a Latin rendering by Gifford of discourses originally delivered in French. He assisted Dr. Anthony Champney in his "Treatise on the Protestant Ordinations" (Douai, 1616); other of Gifford's MSS. were destroyed in the burning of the monastery at Dieulouard in 1717. 
References.
For a more intimate insight into certain phases of Gifford's character, see

</doc>
<doc id="18858237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858237" title="Robert Mueller Municipal Airport">
Robert Mueller Municipal Airport

Robert Mueller Municipal Airport ( ) served the Austin, Texas, United States, area until it was replaced by the Austin Bergstrom International Airport and later closed in 1999. Whether the aging Mueller should be relocated to Manor, Texas, was a perennial issue in Austin politics, until the closure of Bergstrom Air Force Base opened another possibility.
The April 1957 OAG shows 33 weekday airline departures: 15 Braniff, 10 Trans-Texas and 8 Continental. No nonstops flew beyond San Antonio, San Angelo, Dallas and Houston. The first scheduled nonstop beyond Texas was a Braniff 727 to Washington Dulles in 1968; that flight lasted until 1980. It was the only nonstop out of the state until Braniff tried a Chicago nonstop in 1978.
The area that once housed the airport sat dormant for more than half a decade until the city finally approved a development plan. The new Mueller Community broke ground in 2007 and is expected to take at least ten years to be fully developed.
For a number of years, the Texas Army National Guard had facilities there.

</doc>
<doc id="18858278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858278" title="Shah Ismail Shaheed">
Shah Ismail Shaheed

Shah Ismail Shaheed was a scholar of Islam and a warrior in the jihad proclaimed by Syed Ahmed Shaheed against the Sikhs kingdom in Punjab in 19th century.
Early life.
Shah Muhammad Ismail was the solitary son of Shah Abdul-Ghani, the grandson of Shah Waliullah Muhaddith Dehlawi, and the nephew of Shah Abdul Aziz Muhaddith, Shah Rafiuddin Muhaddith and Shah Abdul-Qadir Muhaddith.
Shah Ismail was born on 12th Rabi'ul-Awwal 1193 H (corresponding to 26 April 1779 G). He wrote a book called "Taqwiyatul Iman", a book he wrote in response to the prevalent practices of some Sufis. However, he himself was Sufi and a disciple of Syed Ahmad Shaheed, who was also very critical of the Sufis. He also partook in the Jihad of Syed Ahmad Shaheed against the Sikh kingdom of Punjab.
Death.
Syed Ahmed Shaheed and Shah Ismail Shaheed with the help of the Mujahadeen, including the 6 Swati's tribes of Balakot and Syeds of Kaghan, led many revolts and attacks against the Sikhs. At last on 6 May 1831 during a fierce battle Syed Ahmad Shaheed and Shah Ismail Shaheed along with hundreds of their followers were killed in the battle .He is buried in Balakot and his Mazar is still there in very simple surroundings. Meanwhile the body of his leader Sayyed Ahmad Shaheed was not found and confusion prevailed about his body and burial.
His Works.
1. A treatise on the principles of Fiqh (Islamic jurisprudence).
2. A treatise on logic which has been referred to by Sir Saiyid Ahmad Khan.
3. A book titled "Clarifying the evident truth about the rulings concerning the dead and the shrines." Regrettably, this work could not have been completed. This has been published twice or thrice along with its Urdu translation.
4. "The Status and Dignity of an Imam." The Persian manuscripts are very rare now, however Urdu versions are available.
5. "Illuminating the two eyes in regard to the raising of hands." This is the collection of those Ahadith which prove that the raising of hands (as prescribed during a prayer) is an act of Sunnah (supererogatory). This book has been published many times with its Urdu version. Its Arabic edition has recently been published along with the explanatory notes by Jamiat-e-Ahle-Hadith, Pakistan (The Department for the Propagation of Sunnah) in an extremely elegant style.
6. "The Straight Path." This book has four chapters. Only the first chapter has been written by Shah Shaheed. The contents of it all have originally been written by Saiyid Sahib, whereas the expressions and the style of writing belong to Shah Sahib. Its Urdu version has also been published. Its Persian version was only published once and is now very rarely available.
7. "Taqwiyat-ul-Iman" (the strengthening of Faith).
8. Yak-Rozi (One dayer), is a short treatise in which Moulvi Fadl Haq Khairabadi's objections on his book Taqwiyat-ul-Iman have been answered. While Shah Sahib was on his way to the mosque to perform his prayer, he received the letter of Moulvi Fadl Haq. Immediately after offering his prayer, he sat down to write an answer to it and finished it in one stroke. This is why it has been named Yak Rozi.
9. Makateeb (The written notes), is one of his very big collections. Some of them became quite well known in his name. He wrote most of them on the instigation of Saiyid Sahib.
10. "Al-Arba'in fi Ahwal-al-Mahdiyin" (Containing Ahadith about the Imam Mahdi and a Poem of Shah Nimat ullah Wali). The copy is a print of Maktaba Misri Ganj (Kalkatta) 25 Muhharram 1268 (1851).[https://ia600900.us.archive.org/4/items/ArbaeenFiAhwaalUlMahdiyyeein/Arbaeen%20fi%20Ahwaal%20ul%20Mahdiyyeein.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="18858282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858282" title="Pensioner Affairs Minister of Israel">
Pensioner Affairs Minister of Israel

The Pensioner Affairs Minister of Israel (, "Sar LaInyanei Gimla'im") is the political head of the Israeli Ministry of Pensioner Affairs and a position in the Israeli cabinet. The post was created following the coalition agreement between Kadima and Gil (the Pensioners' Party) after the 2006 elections. The current minister is Uri Orbakh.
Gil leader Rafi Eitan took the post on 4 May 2006, although the ministry itself was not formed until a vote of approval by the Knesset on 25 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18858307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858307" title="S630">
S630

S630 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18858309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858309" title="Clarizen">
Clarizen

Clarizen, Inc. is a work management and project management software company based in San Mateo, California. The company was founded in 2005 and the software was first released for public use in 2007. Clarizen's primary product is a collaborative project execution software.
History.
Clarizen was founded by Avinoam Nowogrodski and Tanya Epstein, formerly of SmarTeam Corporation (which was acquired by Dassault Systèmes).
The software was first launched on October 16, 2007. Since then Clarizen has been recognized by American Venture Magazine as one of the "Most Promising Start-Ups" in 2008.
IDC named Clarizen in its Top 10 Most Innovative Applications Companies Under $100M to Watch in 2009.
Software.
Clarizen is a web based (SaaS) collaborative work and project management solution. Clarizen combines work management and team collaboration with real-time business execution in a cloud-based application. Notable among Clarizen's features are the ability of CAD designers attach CAD drawings to a project and to move between the project view and design view and an E-mail reporting feature. There is also an open API for those who wish to integrate with existing project software.
The software allows its users to collaborate within their organization as well as with external organizations that are not necessarily signed up to the service. Using the ProjectMail function, users can update their progress on their work items without actually having to log into the system. In addition to collaboration tools, Clarizen offers project and work management tools including:
In terms of pricing, they have 3 service options:
Awards and industry recognition.
Notable awards for Clarizen include:

</doc>
<doc id="18858353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858353" title="8Q SAM">
8Q SAM

SAM at 8Q is a museum for contemporary art in Singapore, located at the heart of the city. It is an extension of the Singapore Art Museum (SAM), with its name deriving from the museum's location at No. 8 Queen Street near Bras Basah Road. The museum's location is also approximately 88 steps away from the mother Singapore Art Museum.
SAM is a contemporary art space with multi-disciplinary, interactive and community-oriented programming; a place where the public can directly experience the work and ideas of living artists in relation to its aesthetic and social context. It is a venue for contemplation, stimulation, and discussion about contemporary art and culture and serves as a forum for discussion of these issues. 
SAM is showcase a diversity of cutting-edge experimental contemporary shows that focuses on art practice in the here and now from painting and sculpture, to installation, film and video, photography, new media, performance art and sound art by present and upcoming artists. Nationally, Singapore has not had an art space that would support such artistic diversity; SAM is the first. 
The 4-storey building was formerly the primary school wing of the Catholic High School. When the School relocated to their current location in 1987, the 3,500 sq m space gave home to the Kim Yan Cantonese Methodist Church. In September 2007, the Church ended its tenancy and the building was repossessed by the Singapore Land Authority. With new interest on contemporary art by the young, the National Heritage Board (NHB) took up tenancy of the building from the Land Authority. The Board also spent $5.8 million on renovations, and converted the classrooms in the 4-storey building into six galleries to showcase contemporary installation works, video and photography installation, performance art and sound art. A lift was also installed, and the galleries, staircases and parts of corridors have also been air-conditioned and humidity-controlled. There are also spaces to house two restaurants on the ground floor which are currently occupied by Food for Thought and Standing Sushi Bar. The new 8Q museum was officially opened on August 15, 2008 with an inaugural 8-man art exhibition titled "8Q-Rate: School"; a name pun from the word 'curate'. "8Q-Rate" featured the works by young contemporary artists such as Donna Ong, Jahan Loh, Tan Kai Syng and sculptor Ahmad Abu Bakar. The opening nite also featured live music by Zouk DJ Tony Jay.
"At Home Abroad", the second major installation of Singapore contemporary art after 8Q's inauguration in 2008, focuses on the mobile nature of contemporary art practices today and features homegrown artists whose art practice spans across international realms. The exhibition opening was officiated by Guest of Honour, Ms Jane Ittogi, Chair, Singapore Art Museum, on 5 March 2009, at 8Q. 
Works on display in "At Home Abroad" would have been in one way or another connected with international platforms – some were commissioned specifically for a show abroad while others were developed during artist residencies and then exhibited to foreign audiences. Often, Singapore audiences may not be aware of these works nor have they seen them, hence "At Home Abroad" presents this rare opportunity to bring these works “home”. Some of the works are therefore shown for the first time in Singapore while others are reconfigured for their presentation in the exhibition. The 'home-coming' of these artworks adds a new dimension to local art discourse, in particular on the migratory nature of contemporary art practice. At Home Abroad will present works Jason Lim, Ming Wong, Sookoon Ang, Zulkifle Mahmod and Choy Ka Fai / Theatreworks (Singapore). 
The exhibition’s website (www.aha-blog.sg) documents feedback to how the various artworks have been received, both at home and abroad. The exhibition showcases a variety of approaches and new media that the new generation of contemporary Singaporean artists engage in. The site also offers a blogging component that allows visitors and the general public to engage in a lively discussion on the works featured at the exhibition, pose questions they have to the exhibition curators, or simply to share their thoughts on contemporary art and what it means to them.
Location and facilities.
Situated in the centre of Singapore’s major shopping district and Waterloo Street Arts Belt, SAM and SAM at 8Q are located alongside Singapore’s major performing arts and visual arts institutions: such as the Nanyang Academy of Fine Art, LaSalle College of the Arts, the Stamford Arts Centre, the Selegie Arts Centre, Singapore Calligraphy Centre, YMS Arts Centre, Dance Ensemble Singapore, Sculpture Square and Action Theatre as well as the School of the Arts: an institution that offers an integrated arts and academic curriculum for youths aged 13 to 18 years of age. 
SAM at 8Q is accessible by major public transportation systems such as the public buses, the Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) lines and cab services. The nearest MRT station would be Brash Basah MRT station, on the Circle Line.

</doc>
<doc id="18858363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858363" title="Crispin Duenas">
Crispin Duenas

Crispin Duenas (born January 5, 1986 in North York, Ontario, grew up in Scarborough, Ontario) is a Canadian recurve archer who represented Canada at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing.
He is one of Canada's top male archers with a successful international career as both a cadet and junior. He is a physics major at the University of Toronto and would like to pursue a career teaching high school physics. During his spare time he listens to music - he plays piano, guitar, trumpet, flute and drums.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Duenas finished his ranking round with a total of 664 points. This gave him the 16th seed for the final competition bracket in which he faced Magnus Petersson in the first round. Both scored 108 points in the regular match and they had to go to an extra round. In this extra round Duenas scored 18 points, while Petersson advanced to the second round with 19 points.
Together with John-David Burns and Jay Lyon he also took part in the team event. With his 664 score from the ranking round combined with the 644 of Burns and the 646 of Lyon the Canadians were in 11th position after the ranking round. In the first round they were beaten by the Italian team 219-217. Italy would go on to reach the final and win the silver medal.
Accomplishments.
2007
2008
2009
2013
2014

</doc>
<doc id="18858373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858373" title="South East Asian Zoos Association">
South East Asian Zoos Association

The South East Asian Zoos Association (SEAZA) is an organization for South East Asian zoos and aquariums with the vision that "member zoos utilize their animal collections for the primary purposes of educating our public by imparting messages on the urgent need for environmental conservation in a manner that upholds the respect and dignity of the wild animal." SEAZA is an association member of the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums (WAZA), allowing its member zoos to participate in international conservation and breeding efforts for endangered species.

</doc>
<doc id="18858381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858381" title="Juan José Bezares Alarcón">
Juan José Bezares Alarcón

Juan José Bezares Alarcón (born 17 May 1981) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Arroyo CP as a defensive midfielder.
Football career.
Born in La Línea de la Concepción, Cádiz, Bezares started his career with Real Balompédica Linense, playing his first four seasons as a senior in Segunda División B, where he also represented Sevilla FC's reserves. On 1 February 2004, with the latter, he made his first-team – and La Liga – debut, fracturing his nose in a 0–1 away loss against Deportivo de La Coruña.
In the 2004 summer Bezares joined Cádiz CF in Segunda División, being promoted in his first season but suffering relegation in his second. In the 2007–08 campaign he again dropped down a level, but contributed with 15 games to the 2009 promotion (only one start however, 232 minutes of action).
In January 2009 Bezares moved abroad, being loaned to Superleague Greece club OFI Crete. In August he moved to Unión Estepona CF in the same predicament but, in January 2010, he rescinded his contract and joined AEP Paphos F.C. in the Cypriot First Division; one year later he changed teams and countries again, signing with FC Aktobe in Kazakhstan.
In January 2012 Bezares returned to his country, joining third division's CF Villanovense. On 21 July, after undergoing a successful trial with the club, he signed with fellow league side Gimnàstic de Tarragona, leaving on 29 June of the following year after an agreement with the club for the extension of his contract was not reached.

</doc>
<doc id="18858457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858457" title="S750">
S750

S750 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18858502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858502" title="Tulal">
Tulal

Tulal is a cartoonist from India. His daily sketched cartoons have been published in the daily newspaper Rashtriya Sahara since January 2001. Tulal has been interested in cartoons for about 30 years. Tulal's website was launched around 1998.
Tulal's work has appeared in a range of places such as; ThinkIndia.com (merged into Rediff.com), Jaal, Funtoosh, Avadh Online(ISP of Lucknow) and Indianradiologist.com.
The cartoons have also appeared in a Norwegian publication ‘World Magazine X’ and a leading magazine of Dubai, ‘International Indian’.

</doc>
<doc id="18858507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858507" title="Jimmy Jack">
Jimmy Jack

Jimmy Jack, also credited as Jimmy the Exploder, is an Australian screenwriter, film director, actor and producer best known for achieving success following his work on the 2008 film "The Black Balloon".
Biography.
Jimmy Jack was born in Melbourne but raised in Perth, Western Australia. His work as an actor instilled in him a love of the film-making process.
In 2001, he began working on "The Black Balloon" with Elissa Down, in her hometown of Sydney, and the film was under production for six years until its completion in 2007. The narrative is semi-autobiographical, mostly drawn from Down's childhood experiences, but she asked Jack to join her in writing the screenplay. He claims the pair argued often during the writing process and "at one point Elissa threw her laptop at me and I walked out and went back to Perth," later returning upon realising that "the arguments meant richer story material. Neither of us would let the other person get away with bullshit."
In 2007 Jack wrote, produced, directed and acted in the experimental feature "Five Guys Named Moe" which was produced before "The Black Balloon" but has yet to be taken to market.
Jack won the Best Original Screenplay at the 2008 Australian Film Institute Awards for The Black Balloon. He caused a minor sensation with his acceptance speech after reading an extract of an article from "The Age" written by film critic Jim Schembri. After pocketing the article Jack declared "F**k you Jim Schembri" an outburst which received a star-studded ovation, but was later censored from the Channel 9 broadcast.
In 2008 Jack was poached by Mark Naglazas film editor of "The West Australian" as a film reviewer, which he did into 2009. He currently contributes to "PerthNow" with his weekly column 'Manscape'.
Upcoming projects.
Jack is currently working on "Sex, Brains and Rock n' Roll" with producer James Grandison, due for release in December 2011. The film tells the story of a dissatisfied zombie who decides to pursue a career in music. He has suggested that he would like Black Balloon star Gemma Ward and former child star Macaulay Culkin of Home Alone fame will play the lead role. Jack is looking for a real rock band to play The Zombies, stating "I don't think actors could convincingly play a band".
Another project currently in development is "Archimedes Screw", a biographical film about his own father: "My dad grew up on a dairy farm in Victoria, he was one of four sons and there was a fatality, one of the sons was killed and he was meant to be taking over the farm." Jack has been interviewing his family members for several years, creating a more complete picture of events.
In 2010 Jack launched the YouTube channel 'EXPLODERVISION' which he describes as his 'side project'. The channel consists of skits of his own and other media oddities.

</doc>
<doc id="18858570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858570" title="Wallacedene">
Wallacedene

Wallacedene is an informal housing settlement in the eastern suburbs of Cape Town, South Africa. The settlement was established during the 1980s when the relaxation of pass laws allowed rural populations to more readily migrate to urban centres. By 2004, Wallacedene had an estimated population of 21,000 people. The housing rights activist Irene Grootboom lived in Wallacedene.

</doc>
<doc id="18858574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858574" title="List of Gabriel Knight characters">
List of Gabriel Knight characters

This is a list of fictional characters from the "Gabriel Knight" series, which includes the video games ', ', and "," and the novelizations of the first two games. Characters are organized by their importance in the games.
Major characters.
Franklin Mosely.
Franklin Mosely (voiced by Mark Hamill in the first game, and David Thomas in the third) is Gabriel's best friend.
In "Sins of the Fathers", Mosely works as a detective for the New Orleans Police Department. He dismisses the supernatural aspects of the Voodoo Murders that Gabriel is investigating, but as the facts of the case become undeniable, he proves to be a strong ally in helping to solve the case.
In "Blood of the Sacred, Blood of the Damned", Mosely has traveled to France to participate in a tour of Rennes-le-Château, which seems odd to Gabriel, who suspects that he is up to something. In this game, Mosely is a more comical character, and at times, Gabriel takes advantage of him for his own gain. However, Mosely is still a competent cop, and helps to investigate a crime scene, as well as accompanying Gabriel in the final dungeon.
Mosely and Gabriel have a playfully antagonistic relationship, with Mosely often ending up as the butt of Gabriel's jokes. He harbors a secret crush for Grace, and takes offense at Gabriel's demeaning attitude towards her.
Gerde Hull.
Gerde Hull (voiced by Mary Kay Bergman in the first game, and played by Andrea Martin in the second) is the caretaker at Gabriel's ancestral home, Schloss Ritter.
When Gabriel first meets Gerde in "Sins of the Fathers", she is an anxious, enthusiastic, and misguidedly optimistic young woman. Her eagerness to help Gabriel to find his great-uncle Wolfgang is indicative of her love for him, and after Wolfgang's death, she agrees to stay and help Gabriel for the sake of Wolgang's memory.
Still grieving at the time of "The Beast Within", Gerde presents a marked sadness, and is hostile towards Grace, whom she thinks is trying to supplant her as Gabriel's research assistant. After eventually warming to Grace, the two women become allies in order to save Gabriel's life.
Gerde does not appear in the third game, which is set in France.
"Gabriel Knight: Sins of the Fathers".
Malia Gedde.
Malia Gedde (voiced by Leilani Jones) is Gabriel's love interest in "Sins of the Fathers." A wealthy African-American socialite, she is reserved, and she shuns both the public eye and Gabriel's initial attempts to woo her. After reluctantly submitting to Gabriel's advances, they fall in love. However, Gabriel comes to suspect that Malia is a member of the Voodoo cartel that is responsible for a spree of murders in New Orleans. At the end of the game, the player, as Gabriel, must decide Malia's fate. This choice affects the outcome of the game.
Dr. John.
Dr. John (voiced by Michael Dorn) is a Voodoo scholar from Haiti, who curates the Voodoo Museum in the French Quarter of New Orleans. He is happy for the opportunity to impart his extensive knowledge to Gabriel, but reveals little of his personal life. He owns a boa constrictor, which Gabriel suspects might have been present at the scenes of the Voodoo Murders. Gabriel later comes to discover that Dr. John is more than just a historian...
"The Beast Within: A Gabriel Knight Mystery".
Baron Friedrich von Glower.
Baron Friedrich von Glower (Peter J. Lucas) is the charismatic founder of the Royal Bavarian Hunting Lodge, an exclusive gentleman's social and hunting club. An observer by nature, Von Glower spares little detail about his personal life and history, preferring to glean what information he can regarding Gabriel's personal life and intentions. He immediately takes a (perhaps romantic) shine to Gabriel, and takes him under his wing despite criticism from the other members of the lodge, particularly Baron von Zell. Von Glower is governed by a philosophy similar to Primitivism and Hedonism, and chooses each club member by how well he believes they will adapt and adhere to this philosophy.
Baron Garr von Zell.
Baron Garr Von Zell (Richard Raynesford) is a banker from a wealthy family, and was at one time Von Glower's protegé. He is rather arrogant and quick to anger, but the other members of the club note that he was not always like this – in fact, his personality changed very rapidly. Gabriel comes to suspect that there might be a supernatural reason behind this change.
Doktor Stephen Klingmann.
Doktor Stephen Klingmann (Wolf Muser) is a zoologist and the head of the mammal section at Hellabrunn Zoo in Munich. He has a special interest in wolves, as evidenced by the various pictures in his office. Despite his professional interest in animals, it seems that he is also a member of the hunting lodge, which strikes Gabriel as rather suspicious. Klingmann disapproves of Gabriel's informality, and is reluctant to help him with his enquiries into the local wolf killings.
King Ludwig II.
King Ludwig II (Russell Mitchell) does not appear in person, on account of being dead, but does appear in various flashbacks and dream sequences. As the last king of Bavaria, he was seen as eccentric, obsessed with opulent fairy-tale castles and the operas of his close friend Richard Wagner. It seems that he suffered a change in personality, and became a recluse, after being bitten by a wolf on a hunting trip. He was therefore declared insane, and shortly thereafter died in mysterious circumstances. There seems to be some sort of connection between Ludwig's life and the mutilation killings taking place in the present day.
"Gabriel Knight 3: Blood of the Sacred, Blood of the Damned".
Madeline Buthane.
Madeline Buthane (voiced by Jennifer Hale) is the leader of a tour group in Rennes-le-Château, who is later revealed to have her own agenda. She has red hair, smokes frequently, and appears to attract the attention of most of the men around her. She flirts with Gabriel and Mosely in order to extract information from them, but has a rather hateful relationship with Grace. By the end of the game, she seems to have genuinely fallen for Gabriel, who is attracted to her physically, but rejects her advances.
Emilio Baza.
Emilio Baza (voiced by Billy West) is a Middle-Eastern man who is a strict vegetarian and claims to be a Muslim, although Gabriel suspects that he is lying about his true identity. Gabriel notices some odd behavior from Baza during the course of the tour, and suspects that he might be responsible for the kidnapping of Prince James's baby.
Baza seems to possess an acute knowledge of the events around him, and leaves subtle hints around Rennes-le-Château to help Gabriel and Grace.
John Wilkes.
John Wilkes (voiced by Richard Doyle) is an Australian who believes that Bérenger Saunière discovered lost treasure in a cave hidden somewhere beneath Rennes-le-Château. He is on a serious search for the treasure, going so far as to use a seismic survey machine, which becomes the butt of ridicule from Gabriel. Wilkes is quite arrogant and constantly tries to hit on Madeline, with little success. He later turns his interests towards Grace, who plays along in order to learn about Wilkes's findings.
Lady Lily Howard & Estelle Stiles.
Lady Lily Howard & Estelle Stiles (voiced by Samantha Eggar and Carolyn Seymour) are two British women who grew up in the same village together: Estelle's accent indicates that this was in Northern England. Estelle is tall and thin and rather shy, whereas Lily is short and plump and quite the diva.
Estelle worked in London as a nurse before going to see one of Lily's plays, whereupon the two apparently became friends. After Estelle's father died, she inherited a cottage, where the two lived together. Hearing that a Chinese archaeologist named Dr Wen had discovered a cache of Egyptian artifacts in a cave near Rennes-le-Château, the pair quickly headed to France on their own treasure hunt.
Estelle is very fond of Lily, despite being treated with little respect. Their strange companionship leads to Gabriel and Grace suspecting that they are a lesbian couple: Gabriel notes that there is only one bed in their hotel room.
Vittorio Buchelli.
Vittorio Buchelli (voiced by Joe Lala) is an Italian tourist, who is rather irritable, and is skeptical about whether the treasure really exists. He tells Gabriel that he traveled to Rennes-le-Château by train from Naples, but it is later proven that he was lying. This is not the only suspicious behavior we see from him.
Prince James (Stewart) of Albany.
Prince James of Albany (voiced by Simon Templeman) claims to be the rightful heir to the throne of Scotland. He hires Gabriel to investigate the kidnapping of his infant son. Upon discovering that Gabriel has followed the kidnappers to Couiza, he becomes certain that the kidnapping was orchestrated by the Priory of Sion and thus involves the Freemasons in the investigation.
Mallory & McDougall.
Mallory & McDougall (voiced by Tom Kane and Simon Templeton) are Prince James's bodyguards, who are sent to assist with the investigation of the kidnapping of his son. Both speak with a notable Scottish accent. It seems that McDougall is the muscle of the duo.
Abbé Arnaud.
Abbé Arnaud (voiced by Gregg Berger) is a priest and a member of the Priory of Sion, who lives on the grounds of St. Mary Magdalene's Church, where he gives information about the history of the church to tourists. He plays a minor role, mainly showing the Priory's side and giving some hints to the puzzles.
Larry Chester.
Larry Chester (voiced by Corey Burton) is a British man living in a cottage in the Rennes area. He tells Gabriel that he is taking a sabbatical from his job as a prep school teacher in Manchester, in order to write a book about the Knights Templar. However, there is more to him than first meets the eye.
Excelsior Montreaux.
Excelsior Montreaux (voiced by John de Lancie) is the owner of the Château de Serres vineyard. However, Grace suspects that there is more going on at his estate than just wine-making.
Asmodeus.
Asmodeus is a demon, summoned at the climax of the game in order to foil Gabriel's attempts to recover Prince James's son. Asmodeus appears in numerous images and references throughout the game, most notably in the Church of St. Mary Magdalene in Rennes-le-Chateau.

</doc>
<doc id="18858577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858577" title="Pantheios">
Pantheios

Pantheios is an open source C/C++ logging API library, whose design focus is performance, robustness and transparency. It claims 100% type-safety, and high efficiency.
Pantheios was forked from a proprietary logging architecture of Synesis Software in 2005, and is now completely free for use in both commercial and non-commercial activities, being licensed under the BSD license. It is platform-independent, working on UNIX (Linux, Solaris, FreeBSD), Mac OS X, and Windows (x86 and x64). It is compiler-independent, and is known to work with Borland, Metrowerks CodeWarrior, Comeau, Digital Mars, GCC, Intel, Sun Studio and Microsoft Visual C++ compilers.
Pantheios provides both C and C++ APIs. The C++ API is infinitely extensible to allowing logging of arbitrary types.
The API is designed to work with any logging transport (aka "back-end"), including existing logging libraries such as ACE and log4cxx.
Design Principles.
The principles underpinning Pantheios are:
Architecture.
The Pantheios architecture is divided into four functional areas:
Division of responsibilities.
Use and customization of the library is divided between the library (and its authors) and users as follows:
Hello, World.
Applying Pantheios to the classic Hello, World program gives the following examples:
1. Single argument of literal string.
Notable aspects are:
2. Multiple arguments; different string types.
Notable aspects are:
3. Logging an exception.
Notable aspects are:
Dependencies.
Pantheios is dependent on several open-source libraries:
Criticisms.
Constrained by the design principles, Pantheios has attracted some criticisms, particularly in regard to its packaging and the complexity of its build: it builds many 10s of object libraries for a given target operating-system/compiler.
Other languages.
Currently, the Pantheios developers are concerned primarily with C and C++. However, a COM project, Pantheios.COM, is also available from the project website. Furthermore, there are discussions about a D version, and other languages are under discussion.

</doc>
<doc id="18858579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858579" title="Coordinate-free">
Coordinate-free

A coordinate-free, or component-free, treatment of a scientific theory or mathematical topic develops its concepts on any form of manifold without reference to any particular coordinate system. 
Coordinate-free treatments generally allow for simpler systems of equations and inherently constrain certain types of inconsistency, allowing greater mathematical elegance at the cost of some abstraction from the detailed formulae needed to evaluate these equations within a particular system of coordinates. 
Coordinate-free treatments were the only available approach to geometry before the development of analytic geometry by Descartes. After several centuries of generally coordinate-based exposition, the modern tendency is generally to introduce students to coordinate-free treatments early on, and then to derive the coordinate-based treatments from the coordinate-free treatment, rather than "vice versa".
Fields that are now often introduced with coordinate-free treatments include vector calculus, tensors, and differential geometry.
In physics, the existence of coordinate-free treatments of physical theories is a corollary of the principle of general covariance.

</doc>
<doc id="18858593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858593" title="Gothenburg Airport">
Gothenburg Airport

Gothenburg Airport can refer to one of three airports located in or near the city of Gothenburg, Sweden:

</doc>
<doc id="18858632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858632" title="Elizabeth Clark">
Elizabeth Clark

Elizabeth Clark may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18858634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858634" title="S830">
S830

S830 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18858660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858660" title="Lynne Segal">
Lynne Segal

Professor Lynne Segal (born 1944) is an Australian-born, British-based socialist feminist academic and activist, author of many books and articles, and participant in many campaigns, from local community to international. She has taught in higher education in London, UK since 1970, at Middlesex Polytechnic from 1973. In 1999 she was appointed Anniversary Professor of Psychology and Gender Studies at Birkbeck, University of London, where she now works in the School of Psychosocial Studies.
Early life.
Segal is the daughter of Iza and Reuben Segal, who were both medical doctors. Her brother Graeme is a mathematician, her sister Barbara a baroque dancer. She was born in Sydney, and studied psychology at Sydney University, obtaining her PhD in 1969, while immersed in the anti-authoritarian milieu of the Sydney Libertarians (known as 'The Push'), and has always remained within the libertarian wing of Left politics.
Emigration to London.
She emigrated to London in 1970 and for the next decade her main energies went into grass roots politics in Islington, North London, helping to set up and run a women's centre, an alternative newspaper, the "Islington Gutter Press", and supporting anti-racist politics. It was a decade in which the extra-party Left was on the ascendant, but divided structurally and ideologically.
In 1979, the three friends, Segal, Sheila Rowbotham and Hilary Wainwright wrote "Beyond the Fragments", arguing for broader alliances among trade unionists, feminists and left political groups. Its argument quickly won a large following leading to a major conference in Leeds, Yorkshire, in 1980 and a second edition in 1981. In 1984, publisher Ursula Owen invited her to join the Virago Advisory Board and write an appraisal of the state of feminism, resulting in her first book, "Is the Future Female? Troubled Thoughts on Contemporary Feminism". This book reached a broad audience, with its questioning of gender mythologies, whether of women’s intrinsic virtues, or men’s inevitable rapaciousness, which had been appearing in the work of many popular feminist writers in the 1980s.
Reflecting her socialist feminist milieu, Segal argued that feminists always needed to confront the ubiquitous negation of the 'feminine', but women’s battles could neither be reduced simply to battles with men, nor solved purely by revaluing the ‘feminine’. All Segal’s consequent books have argued for a more inclusive form of Left-feminism, arguing for a more compassionate and egalitarian world. Her next book, "Slow Motion: Changing Masculinities, Changing Men" rejected the equation of 'male sexuality' with 'male violence', noting the complexity of forces generating very differing patterns of masculinity across time and place. Discussing the volatile fluidity of sexual experience, the same theoretical perspectives appeared in "Straight Sex: The Politics of Pleasure". There she deconstructs the notion of male activity and female passivity that underpin normative understandings of heterosexuality, and serve to shore up the language and practices of male dominance. In 2007 Segal published "Making Trouble: Life and Politics, a Political Memoir" covering her generation of post-war activists, pondering what has become of their politics in the grimmer, more divided world of the 21st century.
She has a son, Zimri Segal, working in design technology. Segal has lived in Islington, North London since she arrived from Sydney. Since 2000, she has worked, as a secular Jew, with Jews for Justice for Palestine, Independent Jewish Voices and Faculty for Israeli-Palestinian Peace (FFIPP) engaged in efforts to end the Israeli occupation of Palestinian land and create a just peace between Israel and Palestine.

</doc>
<doc id="18858683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858683" title="Kasmodiah (album)">
Kasmodiah (album)

Kasmodiah is an album written by Deine Lakaien. It was released in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18858686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858686" title="John Williams Greatest Hits 1969–1999">
John Williams Greatest Hits 1969–1999

John Williams Greatest Hits 1969–1999 is a compilation of concert suites from various films John Williams has scored between 1969 and 1999. The album contains takes from various orchestras including the London Symphony Orchestra, Boston Pops Orchestra and Skywalker Symphony Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="18858695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858695" title="Image Xplorer">
Image Xplorer

Image Xplorer is a specialty internet browser developed by Catzware Inc. for Windows XP and Windows Vista. It was first released on September 20, 2006 as freeware. Unlike most common internet browsers such as Safari and Firefox, Image Xplorer is designed to view, download, and print images (and only images). It supports most common image formats such as .jpeg and .png. It does not support text or any other form(s) of content. A smaller version, called Image Xplorer Lite (also freeware), was released on June 20, 2007. The only difference between the two is the "Lite" version lacks the view mode featured in the original Image Xplorer and thus can only download and print images. In 2011, both programs were cancelled by Catzware and replaced with a new program called DownIMG.
Versions.
The last version of Image Xplorer was version 5.0.2, released on November 23, 2008.
The last version of Image Xplorer Lite was version 3.0, released on July 12, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18858710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858710" title="Larry Goldenberg">
Larry Goldenberg

S. Larry Goldenberg, (born 1953 in Toronto, Ontario) is an award-winning Canadian researcher in the field of medicine and a pioneer in the treatment of prostate cancer. 
Goldenberg is recognized around the world as being one of the first researchers and medical practitioners to compare the practical effectiveness of intermittent androgen suppression (I.A.S.) as a treatment alternative to continuous hormonal therapy for patients with advanced cases of prostate cancer. His work with IAS has provided the scientific basis for a number of prominent international Phase II and III clinical trials.
Goldenberg spearheaded the clinical development of a low-dose antiandrogen/DES protocol that was among the leading treatment options for advanced prostate cancer until the mid-1990s. He was also one of the co-developers of clinical protocols for the use of neoadjucant hormonal therapy before radical prostatectomy. 
Goldenberg's present lab and clinical research undertakings centre on the potential role of MRI in prostate cancer treatments, on the potential uses of focal therapy, and on developing new treatments for benign prostatic hyperplasia.
A world-renowned advocate of patient education, Goldenberg authored one of the first books to explain prostate cancer treatment options in layman's terms. His book, "Prostate Cancer: All You Need to Know to Take an Active Part in Your Treatment", now in its third edition, is widely considered to be one of the best resources available to men diagnosed with the disease.
In 1999, he secured a $20 million donation, from Vancouver business mogul Jimmy Pattison, to Vancouver Prostate Centre, at the time the largest donation ever made to a Canadian health care facility. That same year, the federal Government of Canada designated The Prostate Centre at VGH as a National Center of Excellence in Prostate Cancer. Goldenberg was the founding Executive Director of The Prostate Centre at VGH, and presently serves as its Director of Clinical Research.
In September 2007, Goldenberg succeeded in bringing the first multipurpose surgical robot to Western Canada. Nicknamed "Jack", for philanthropist and Vancouver Olympics Organizing Committee Chairman Jack Poole, the robot is the most advanced of its kind and is expected to dramatically improve surgical outcomes for prostate cancer patients in British Columbia.
Goldenberg was born in Toronto, Ontario to survivors of the Holocaust who had immigrated to Canada after the Second World War. He completed his medical training at the University of Toronto in 1978. He is married to Paula Gordon, a pioneer in the diagnostic imaging of breast cancer. They have two sons. Goldenberg is currently Professor and Head of the Department of Urologic Sciences at the University of British Columbia. He holds adjunct faculty appointments at the BC Cancer Agency and the University of Washington, and is a past president of the American Urological Association, Western Section, the Canadian Urological Association, and the Northwest Urological Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18858749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858749" title="Châteauguay HVDC-back-to-back station">
Châteauguay HVDC-back-to-back station

Châteauguay HVDC-back-to-back station is the largest high-voltage direct current (HVDC) back-to-back converter station in North America. Situated near Châteauguay, on the South Shore of Montreal, Quebec, it is an important plant for power exchange between Hydro-Québec and New York Power Authority (NYPA).
Capacity.
The station, which was built by BBC and Siemens in 1983/84, can transfer a maximum power of 1000 megawatts (MW) at a direct current (DC) voltage of 140 kilovolts (kV). The facility, which consists of two 500 MW units is fed from Hydro-Quebec with a 315 kV line and from NYPA with a 120 kV line. 
In 2009 its control system is planned to be modernized.

</doc>
<doc id="18858782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858782" title="The Catholic University of Sudan">
The Catholic University of Sudan

The Catholic University of Sudan is a public, Roman Catholic university located in Sudan and South Sudan.
The university, under the management of the Society of Jesus, opened with an agreement of the Minister of Education Science and Technology of the Autonomous Government of Southern Sudan in September 2008.
The Catholic University of Sudan will be based in Juba, South Sudan, with the Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences, in Wau with the Faculties of Agricultural and Environmental Sciences and Engineering (in 2010) and at Comboni College in Khartoum, Sudan, with the Faculty of Computer Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="18858809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858809" title="Hincmar of Laon">
Hincmar of Laon

Hincmar, called the Younger (died 879), was the bishop of Laon from 858 until his death. He was a nephew on his mother's side of Archbishop Hincmar of Reims. He supported the rebel abbot Carloman in 871.
In the beginning of 858 the younger Hincmar was elevated by his uncle's favour to the see of Laon, a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Reims. He received in addition an abbey and an office at the court of Charles the Bald. His ambitious, overbearing, and violent disposition soon brought him into conflict not only with the king, but with his uncle and metropolitan.
To free himself from the authority of Hincmar of Reims, he invoked the decretals of the Pseudo-Isidore. Charles then took from the younger Hincmar his abbey and his court office, and sequestrated the revenues of the diocese, but the latter measure aroused the protest of the elder Hincmar himself.
A reconciliation took place at the Diet of Pistres in 869. A new quarrel broke out at the Synod of Verberie and resulted in the imprisonment of Hincmar. He placed his diocese under interdict, but this was set aside by his uncle. He appealed to Pope Adrian II and laid before that pope severe accusations against his metropolitan and his king, based on a false statement of facts. This appeal, however, was not pursued with vigour.
The complete estrangement between the two Hincmars was evident at the Diets of Gondreville and Attigny, in 870. Each of them now appealed to various canons, in order to justify his position. In spite of his renewed appeal to the pope, Hincmar of Laon was deposed at the Synod of Douci, in 871, in punishment of his conduct towards the king and the metropolitan. But Adrian II did not sanction this step, and refrained from appointing a successor. It was only in 875, when Charles the Bald was crowned emperor, that Pope John VIII confirmed the removal of Hincmar, and that Hadenulf was consecrated Bishop of Laon. In the meantime Charles succeeded in preventing Hincmar from going to Rome, and even confined him for a while in prison, where he was deprived of his sight by a brother-in-law of the king.
When, in 878, John VIII presided in person over the Synod of Troyes, the younger Hincmar presented to him in writing a complaint against his uncle of Reims. The pope then mitigated his condition by allowing him to celebrate again the Holy Sacrifice and by granting him a portion of the revenues yielded by the See of Laon.
Works.
The writings of Hincmar of Laon are in "Patrologia Latina" CXXIV, 101-26, 1027-70.

</doc>
<doc id="18858928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858928" title="SIES Nerul">
SIES Nerul

SIES (Nerul) College of Arts, Science & Commerce, popularly known as SIES Nerul, is a multi-disciplinary college in Nerul, Navi Mumbai, India. Established by the South Indian Education Society, the college is a South Indian linguistic minority institution.

</doc>
<doc id="18858932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858932" title="Deputy inspector general of police">
Deputy inspector general of police

A Deputy Inspector General of Police is a high-ranking official position. It is considered as high rank in several countries.
India.
Deputy Inspector General of Police or Additional Commissioner of Police is a one-star rank in the Indian Police Service (IPS). The officer holding this rank is above a Senior Superintendent of Police or Deputy Commissioner of Police and under an Inspector General of Police or Joint Commissioner of Police. It is roughly analogous to the ranks of commander and assistant chief constable in the UK police service.
Pakistan.
In Pakistan, a Deputy Inspector General of Police is a one-star rank of the Police Service of Pakistan.
Sri Lanka.
In Sri Lanka, a Deputy Inspector General of Police (DIG) is senior gazetted officer. It is the third most senior rank in the Sri Lanka Police Service, ranking below a Senior Deputy Inspector General of Police (SDIG) and above a senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) which were created in the 1980s. A DIG is normally in charge of policing in a police range or province.

</doc>
<doc id="18858944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858944" title="Novecento Italiano">
Novecento Italiano

Novecento Italiano was an Italian artistic movement founded in Milan in 1922 by Anselmo Bucci (1887–1955), Leonardo Dudreville (1885–1975), Achille Funi, Gian Emilio Malerba (1880–1926), Piero Marussig, Ubaldo Oppi and Mario Sironi. Motivated by a post-war “call to order”, they were brought together by Lino Pesaro, a gallery owner interested in modern art, and Margherita Sarfatti, a writer and art critic who worked on Italian dictator Benito Mussolini’s newspaper, The People of Italy ("Il Popolo d'Italia"). Sarfatti was also Mussolini’s mistress. 
The movement was officially launched in 1923 at an exhibition in Milan, with Mussolini as one of the speakers. After being represented at the Venice Biennale of 1924, the group split and was reformed. The new Novecento Italiano staged its first group exhibition in Milan in 1926. 
Several of the artists were war veterans; Sarfatti had lost a son in the war. The group wished to take on the Italian establishment and create an art associated with the rhetoric of Fascism. The artists supported the Fascist regime and their work became associated with the state propaganda department, although Mussolini reprimanded Sarfatti for using his name and the name of Fascism to promote Novecento.
The name of the movement (which means 1900s) was a deliberate reference to great periods of Italian art in the past, the Quattrocento and Cinquecento (1400s and 1500s). The group rejected European avant garde art and wished to revive the tradition of large format history painting in the classical manner. It lacked a precise artistic programme and included artists of different styles and temperament, for example, Carrà and Marini. It aimed to promote a renewed yet traditional Italian art. Sironi said, “if we look at the painters of the second half of the 19th century, we find that only the revolutionary were great and that the greatest were the most revolutionary”; the artists of Novecento Italiano “would not imitate the world created by God but would be inspired by it”. 
Despite official patronage, Novecento art did not always have an easy ride in Fascist Italy. Mussolini was personally uninterested in art and divided official support among various groups so as to keep artists on the side of the regime. Opening the exhibition of Novecento art in 1923 he declared that “it is far from my idea to encourage anything like a state art. Art belongs to the domain of the individual. The state has only one duty: not to undermine art, to provide humane conditions for artists, to encourage them from the artistic and national point of view." The movement was in competition with other pro-Fascist movements, especially Futurism and the regionalist Strapaese movement. Novecento Italiano also met outright opposition. Achille Starace, the General Secretary of the Fascist Party, attacked it in the Fascist daily press and there was virulent criticism of its “un-Italian" qualities by artists and critics.
The unity of the group depended much on Sarfatti and it weakened in her absence from Milan. When she lost her influence with Mussolini it fell apart and was formally disbanded in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="18858945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18858945" title="Zoltán Fodor">
Zoltán Fodor

Zoltán Fodor (born on 29 July 1985 in Budapest) is a Hungarian Greco-Roman wrestler, who won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 84 kg weight division.

</doc>
<doc id="18859015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18859015" title="Fleet action">
Fleet action

A fleet action is a naval engagement involving combat between forces that are larger than a squadron on either of the opposing sides. Fleet action is defined by combat and not just manoeuvring of the naval forces strategically, operationally or tactically without engaging. Most famous large naval battles in history were fleet actions. A fleet action is unrelated to participation of any formation that is a named naval fleet, and usually includes only major parts of such formations.
A "general fleet action" has been defined as one aimed to destroy, incapacitate or capture the enemy's main body and thereby accomplish the principal strategic objective of the war at sea. The Battle of Jutland, although consisting of several smaller battles and engagements, came closest to what was considered a general fleet action in the late "long" 19th century.
As an example of fleet action orders, the following were issued by Admiral Spruance commanding United States Fifth Fleet at 1415 on 17 June 1944:
Our air will first knock out enemy carriers, then will attack enemy battleships and cruisers to slow or disable them. Battle line will destroy enemy fleet either by "fleet action" if the enemy elects to fight or by sinking slowed or crippled ships if enemy retreats. Action against the enemy must be pushed vigorously by all hands to ensure complete destruction of his fleet. Destroyers running short of fuel may be returned to Saipan if necessary for refuelling. 
In naval history a fleet action has usually been seen as not just another naval battle, but the decisive battle of a given theatre of war that brings about a drastic change in the naval balance of power. The battle of Leyte Gulf is considered the last ever surface battle fleet action in history, and one in which the Allied forces nearly destroyed the entire Japanese fleet, which lost three battleships, all four aircraft carriers, six cruisers, and more than a dozen destroyers.

</doc>
<doc id="18859017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18859017" title="Carl Adolph Rothe">
Carl Adolph Rothe

Carl Adolph Rothe (December 8, 1767 – July 12, 1834) was a naval officer in the Royal Danish Navy and governor of the Danish West Indies from 1820 to 1822.
Biography.
Rothe was born on December 8, 1767 in Tybjerggård on Zealand, Denmark, to parents Tyge Jesper Rothe and Karen Bjørn. The Rothe family originates from Germany, coming to Denmark in the end of the 17th century. On January 12, 1811 he married Benedicte Ulfsparre de Tuxen (1790-1877) in Helsingør, the daughter of Louis de Tuxen and Charlotte Elisabeth Klingfeldt. The couple had no less than eight children: Louis, Anna Rosine, Andrea Bjørn, Karen, Charlotte Elisabeth, Martha Gustava, Margrethe Christine and Louise.
Rothe joined the Danish navy as a naval volunteer (cadet) in 1778 and on April 2, 1783 he was commissioned as an officer in the rank of a Second Lieutenant. In his naval career Rothe, fought in the Battle of Copenhagen in 1801 against the British fleet, commanding the ship (pram) Nyborg. He was promoted to the rank of Captain in 1806, and served as the second in command of the ship Prinds Christian Frederik under command of captain Carl W. Jessen from December 24, 1807. He participated in the battle of Battle of Zealand Point on March 22, 1808, which he survived as the second in command of Prinds Christian Frederik. After that battle, in which he was wounded, he spent two months as an English prisoner of war in Göteborg, Sweden. 
He was promoted to the rank of Counter Admiral as of April 16, 1833. From November 11, 1808 until July 25, 1814 Carl was governor of Bornholm and Christiansø, and was the governor of the Virgin Islands in the Danish West Indies from 1820 to 1822. He died, 66 years old, in Copenhagen on July 12, 1834. He is buried on Holmens Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18859047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18859047" title="Sneeuberg">
Sneeuberg

Sneeuberg (Afrikaans for Snow Mountain) may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18859052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18859052" title="Włókniarz Częstochowa">
Włókniarz Częstochowa

Dospel CKM Włókniarz Częstochowa is a motorcycle speedway team based in Częstochowa, Poland. They were established in 1946. They compete in the Polish Ekstraliga. The club has won Polish Speedway League 4 times (lately in 2003) and European Club Cup 1 time in 2004. The team's home track is at the Municipal Stadium "Częstochowa Arena", which has a capacity of over 16,850 people.

</doc>
<doc id="18859125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18859125" title="Anartes">
Anartes

The Anartes a.k.a. "Anarti", "Anartii" or "Anartoi" were Celtic tribes, or, in the case of those sub-groups of Anartes which penetrated the ancient region of Dacia (roughly mod. Romania), Celts culturally assimilated by the Dacians.
Ptolemy's "Geographia" locates the "Anartoi" in Dacia. Some groups of Anartes occupied parts of modern Slovakia and southeastern Poland.
The Dacian town of "Docidava" was situated in the territory of the Anartes, according to Pârvan.
The "Anartophracti" (or "Anartofraktoi") are mentioned by Ptolemy. This tribe's name appears to be compound Latin-Greek name and may be related to the "Anartoi" resident in Dacia, Czarnecki argues. The "Anartofraktoi" were a northern Dacian tribe, according to Braune or mixed Dacian-Celtic, according to Pârvan.
In ancient sources, the earliest mention of the Anartes is in the Elogium of Tusculum (10 BC).
In "De Bello Gallico", an account of his own campaigns in the Gallic Wars (58-51 BC), Julius Caesar wrote (VI.25.1): "The Hercynian Forest begins in the territories of the Helvetii, Nemeti and Rauraci and stretches, for a distance of 9 days' journey for a fast traveler, along the Danube as far as the borders of the Daci and the Anartes".
Around AD 172, the Anartes refused to assist the Romans in their war against the Marcomanni. To punish them, the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius ordered the deportation of (all?) the Anartes from their native homelands to the Roman province of Pannonia Inferior, a movement which took place not later than AD 180.
Archaeological evidence.
The Anartes were probably identical with, or constituted a significant part of, the archaeological Púchov culture in Slovakia, which included the centres of Zemplín, Bükkszentlászló and Galish-Lovačka
During the late La Tène period, mixed settlements of Celts and Dacians spread over the eastern Slovak lowlands with Zemplin at its center, according to Husovska. According to Ioana Oltean, archaeological excavation has revealed that some Celtic tribes (Anartes, Teurisci) had migrated eastwards as far as Transylvania, where they were eventually assimilated by the Dacians. Even though some groups of Anartes advanced as far as the Transylvanian plateau, the main area of their domination was to the West of it, Macrea & Filip argue.

</doc>
<doc id="18859153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18859153" title="Special Battalions Vostok and Zapad">
Special Battalions Vostok and Zapad

Special Battalions "Vostok" and "Zapad" (, lit. "East" and "West") were two Spetznaz units of Russian military intelligence (GRU) based in Chechnya. The overwhelming majority of personnel were ethnic Chechens, while the command personnel were mixed Russian and Chechens.
Organization.
Vostok and Zapad were organized at the end of 1999, initially as two special companies formed in the structure of the Mountain Grouping of the Russian Ministry of Defence; they were assigned to the commandant's offices ("kommendantura") established on the territory of the Chechen Republic in 2002. The Chechen personnel were of diverse origins. Zapad servicemen were loyal to the Russian government, while the core of Vostok were former separatist fighters of the 2nd Battalion of the National Guard of Ichkeria from Gudermes, who had fought against Russian troops in the First Chechen War of 1994-1996; they then switched to the federal side and swore allegiance to Russia. The units were directly subordinate to the GRU, but operationally they were included in the structure of the 42nd Motor Rifle Division. Following the 2006 Lebanon War, members of both units were sent to protect Russian field engineers on a peacekeeping mission in Lebanon.
The two battalions (each about 600-900 strong) were the only ethnic Chechen units in the structure of the Russian Ministry of Defence and outside the control of the Chechen government, which was increasingly dominated by the Chechen militia leader Ramzan Kadyrov. Zapad was commanded by career officer Said-Magomed Kakiyev while Vostok was controlled by the controversial Yamadayev clan (thus earning them the name of "Yamadaevtsy", or "Yamadayev men"), which was powerful enough to rival Kadyrov. Kakiyev (four times) and three of the Yamadayev brothers received the Hero of the Russian Federation award. The brothers owned their TV station, "Vostok", and several other businesses in Chechnya and Moscow. One of the brothers, Ruslan Yamadayev, became a State Duma deputy representing Chechnya. On the other hand, Kakiyev kept a low profile.
In April 2008 escalating tensions between Ramzan Kadyrov (by then the Chechen president) and the Yamadayevs—including occasional armed clashes—erupted into an open and violent conflict. The Vostok unit's leaders were accused by the Chechen government, members of the public, and human rights groups of many crimes including forced disappearances, kidnappings for ransom and murders. Soon hundreds of Vostok fighters reportedly deserted their unit and joined Kadyrov's formations, and in June the Russian army announced it would transform both special battalions into regular motorized-rifle companies. Both Vostok and Zapad were involved in the conflict in South Ossetia in August 2008, with Vostok commanded by Sulim Yamadayev, (despite his official dismissal from the post and his status as a wanted man). Reportedly, the Vostok detachment suffered losses in Georgia but were not accused of committing any crimes there. 
In November 2008, both battalions were disbanded under continued pressure from Kadyrov. It was also announced that a special commission set up by the Ministry of Defence, together with the Military Prosecutor's Office, would investigate the alleged crimes of their former servicemen. The Yamadayevs and their loyalists were chased out of Chechnya, and Ruslan Yamadayev was shot dead in Moscow. Their houses were ransacked and burned, and the mosque they built in Gudermes was dismantled. Four months later, Sulim Yamadayev was assassinated in exile in Dubai—according to the UAE authorities, by Kadyrov's right-hand man Adam Delimkhanov. Kadyrov in turn accused the former commanders of Vostok of repeated attempts to kill him and of complicity in the 2004 assassination of his father, Chechen president Akhmad Kadyrov, responsibility for whose killing had been officially claimed by separatist commander Shamil Basayev. Kakiyev managed to avoid the fate of the former Vostok leaders by agreeing to resign his command of the Zapad battalion in 2007, since then, he has kept a formal position in the Russian military structure in Chechnya.

</doc>
<doc id="18859160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18859160" title="Armadale Reptile Centre">
Armadale Reptile Centre

The Armadale Reptile Centre is a zoological garden in Armadale, Western Australia that focuses on herpetology and wildlife endemic to Western Australia.
Opened to the public in 1995, the Armadale Reptile Centre houses a large variety of native reptiles and other wildlife with over 50 different species on display including various species of snakes, turtles and lizards as well as emus, parrots, wombats, dingos, bats and a wedge-tailed eagle. The Reptile Centre is also used as a rescue and rehabilitation facility for wildlife that are sick or injured.

</doc>
<doc id="18859188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18859188" title="Read-only root filesystem">
Read-only root filesystem

The idea of operating system's root filesystem being used in read-only mode originates from Linux and creation of Live CD environments.
There are also some advantages of using a read-only-root system as a desktop, mainly increased security and user privacy.
Creation of read-only root Linux systems.
Two methods are commonly used:

</doc>
<doc id="18859190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18859190" title="Deutsche Fußball Liga">
Deutsche Fußball Liga

The Deutsche Fußball Liga GmbH (German Football League) (also known as DFL) is a subsidiary of the league association "Die Liga – Fußballverband". The DFL is responsible for the operation of the German football leagues Bundesliga and 2. Bundesliga. The league association is the association of clubs of the Bundesligas. The president of league is Reinhard Rauball.
Function.
The DFL was founded on 18 December 2000 as a "GmbH". The organisation is a subsidiary of the league association, which originally operated Germany's professional football leagues before. Today the Bundesligas are operated by the DFL, but jointly hosted by the German Football Association (Deutscher Fußball-Bund, DFB) and the league association. Several documents define the cooperation of the DFB and the league association:
The league association is the association of clubs of the Bundesligas. Those clubs are members of the league association, but not of the German Football Association. The league association is a member of the German football association, though.
Bodies.
The bodies of the DFL are the annual meeting, the executive officers and the board of directors, which is identical to the management of the league association.
Duties.
The DFL's main duties are the operation of the Bundesligas, marketing, and licensing of the Bundesliga-clubs. The organisation of the Supercup is a part of the operation duties of the DFL. Marketing duties include the marketing of domestic and international TV-licenses, radio licenses, and internet licenses.
Licensing of the Bundesliga-club includes per contract the licensing of the 3rd Liga clubs, too. The procedure has evolved from the procedures used by the DFB, when it still operated the Bundesligas. The DFL can refuse to issue a license if a club does not meet certain requirements. These criteria include financial, lawful, infrastructure, personnel, administrative, media, and security requirements. Highly important and to date the only criterion which led to major problems for certain clubs is the financial criterion. With this criterion the DFL tries to ascertain that all clubs remain solvent during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="18859208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18859208" title="Douglas Rae (TV executive)">
Douglas Rae (TV executive)

Douglas Rae (born 22 June 1947, Edinburgh) is a Scottish television producer and executive, and a former children's television presenter.
Rae presented the long-running Thames Television children's series "Magpie", taking over from Pete Brady in 1969 and remaining until 1977. He then moved behind the camera, becoming an executive producer on series including the BBC serial "Monarch of the Glen".

</doc>
<doc id="18859305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18859305" title="1977 New Zealand Open – Singles">
1977 New Zealand Open – Singles

Vijay Amritraj defeated Tim Wilkison 7-6, 5-7, 6-1, 6-2 to win the 1977 Heineken Open singles competition. Onny Parun was the champion but did not defend his title.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.
Draw.
Key.
"NB: The Quarterfinals, Semifinals and Final were the best of 5 sets while the First and Second Round were the best of 3 sets."

</doc>
<doc id="18859309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18859309" title="Werner Tübke">
Werner Tübke

Werner Tübke (b. 30 July 1929 in Schönebeck, Germany, d. 27 May 2004 in Leipzig, Germany) was a German painter, best known for his monumental "Peasants' War Panorama" located in Bad Frankenhausen.
Early Bourgeois Revolution in Germany.
Tübke's opus magnum, "Early Bourgeois Revolution in Germany", has a size of 14 by 123 meters. It depicts a scene from the German Peasants' War, which took place from 1524 to 1525.

</doc>
<doc id="18859315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18859315" title="John Good">
John Good

John Good (died 2 April 1941) was an Irish politician and company director. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Businessmen's Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin County constituency at the 1923 general election. He was re-elected at the June 1927, September 1927, 1932 and 1933 general elections as an independent TD. He did not contest the 1937 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18859352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18859352" title="Transaldolase deficiency">
Transaldolase deficiency

Transaldolase deficiency is a disease characterised by abnormally low levels of the Transaldolase enzyme. It is a metabolic enzyme involved in the pentose phosphate pathway. It is caused by mutation in the transaldolase gene (TALDO1). It was first described by Verhoeven et al. in 2001.
Epidemiology.
Transaldolase deficiency is recognized as a rare inherited pleiotropic metabolic disorder first recognized and described in 2001 that is autosomal recessive. There have been only a few cases that have been noted, as of 2012 there have been 9 patients recognized with this disease and one fetus.
Signs and Symptoms.
The leading symptoms of Transaldolase Deficiency are coagulopathy, thrombocytopenia, hepatosplenomegaly, hepatic fibrosis and dysmorphic features. The dysmorphic features can include antimongoloid slant, low-set ears, and cutis laxa. Those affected by this disease have abnormal polyol concentrations in urine and other bodily fluids, this can determined by an abnormal liver function tests.
With transaldolase deficiency there is a build up of sedoheptulose 7-phosphate (it is increased six to sevenfold in the blood compared to normal), which decreases the change of ribose 5-phosphate into glucose 6-phosphate. This reaction is important in releasing NADPH. Reduced glutathione is essential for regulation of Mitochondrial membrane permeability and depends on the NADPH generated from the pentose phosphate pathway to be regenerated from oxidized glutathione. Transaldolase plays an important role in male fertility; this is because it maintains the mitochondrial transmembrane potential and it's role in the release NADPH. Therefore transaldolase deficiency decreases the mobility of spermatozoa and lowers male fertility.
Liver cirrhosis is associated with increased apoptosis of hepatocytes and transaldolase is a regulator in apoptosis signaling processing – therefore transaldolase deficiency can result in liver cirrhosis.
Diagnosis.
There are two different techniques for the diagnosis of Transaldolase deficiency.
Metabolite Analyses.
Autozygome analysis and biochemical evaluations of urinary sugars and polyols can be used to diagnose Transaldolase Deficiency. Two specific methods for measuring the urinary sugars and polyols are liquid chromatographytandem mass spectrometry and gas chromatography with flame ionization detection.
Mutation Analysis.
Direct sequence analysis of genomic DNA from blood can be used to perform a mutation analysis for the TALDO1 gene responsible for the Transaldolase enzyme.
Causes.
TALDO1 is either mutated by the deletion of residue Ser171 or a replacement of Arg192 by His or Cys, changing the formation of the protein. The deletion of Ser171 leads to inactivation and proteasome-mediated degradation of TALDO1.
This shows the pentose phosphate pathway in humans with transaldolase catalysing the following reaction:
D-glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate + D-sedoheptulose 7-phosphate <=> D-fructose 6-phosphate + D-erythrose 4-phosphate
Treatment.
At this time there is no treatment for transaldolase deficiency.
There is currently research being done to find treatments for transaldolase deficiency. A study done in 2009 used orally administered N-acetylcysteine on transaldolase deficient mice and it prevented the symptoms associated with the disease. N-acetylcysteine is a precursor for reduced glutathione, which is decreased in transaldolase deficient patients.
See also.
Transaldolase
Inborn error of metabolism
Pentose phosphate pathway
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency

</doc>
<doc id="18859359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18859359" title="Belfast Corporation Tramways">
Belfast Corporation Tramways

Belfast Corporation Tramways formerly served the City of Belfast, Northern Ireland.
History.
Belfast's first trams operated in 1872 and were horse-drawn. Initially the system was owned and operated by the Belfast Street Tramways Company. It was purchased by the Belfast Corporation on 1 January 1905 and electrified, using overhead wires, in 1905.
Belfast's electric trams were originally painted red and white. Some older, unmodernised trams retained this livery until the 1950s. In 1928 a new general manager was appointed: William Chamberlain, formerly of Leeds Corporation Tramways. Chamberlain introduced a new livery of dark blue and white (although the former red and white was readopted in the late 1940s). He was also responsible for the modernisation of 50 of the older tramcars and the construction of 50 new vehicles.
Chamberlain was succeeded by Robert McCreary in 1931, who introduced a further fleet of 50 streamlined trams in 1935 – the last trams to be built for Belfast. These trams gained also the nickname "McCreary". Colonel McCreary retired in 1951 and was succeeded by Joseph Mackle.
Closure.
Belfast Corporation converted the Falls Road tram service to trolleybuses in 1938. The Corporation regarded this as successful and a decision to eliminate the tram system was taken in 1939. Trolleybuses continued to be introduced during the 1940s. The last trams ran in 1954 and, following a policy change, were replaced by diesel buses.
The trolleybuses were themselves replaced by diesel buses in 1968. The Belfast Corporation bus fleet was transferred to Citybus (now Metro) in 1973.

</doc>
