<doc id="18964621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964621" title="Cultural Competency Training">
Cultural Competency Training

Cultural Competency Training is instruction to achieve cultural competence and the ability to appreciate and interpret accurately other cultures.
Cultural competence.
Cultural competence refers to an ability to interact effectively with people of different cultures. Cultural competence comprises four components: (a) awareness of one's own cultural worldview, (b) attitude towards cultural differences, (c) knowledge of different cultural practices and worldviews, and (d) cross-cultural skills. Developing cultural competence results in an ability to understand, communicate with, and effectively interact with people across cultures.
Cultural Competence Training for Medical Students and Physicians.
In the medical setting, effective communication between clinicians, patients, families and other health care providers is fundamental.
Health disparities refer to gaps in the quality of health and health care across racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic groups. Studies have demonstrated the multiple factors that contribute to health disparities.
Cultural Competence Online for Medical Practice (CCOMP) is an attempt in the US to address one of the factors - the patient-doctor interaction. The CCOMP project is funded by a grant from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) through the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute (NHLBI). CCOMP offers a clinician's guide to reduce cardiovascular disparities, intended to create effective cross-cultural approaches to care for African-American patients with cardiovascular disease, especially hypertension. Videos with real patient scenarios and case-based modules are aimed at developing this increased awareness.
In 2008, Kaiser Permanente Southern California’s Language Concordance Program began providing incentives for physicians who speak or want to become fluent in another language.

</doc>
<doc id="18964623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964623" title="Vincent Bennett">
Vincent Bennett

Vincent Bennett is an American musician. He is the vocalist and only remaining original member of the American metalcore band The Acacia Strain and the metalcore band Cockpunch. Vincent uses growling as his vocal styles. He stated in an interview with PitCam TV that he is straight edge.

</doc>
<doc id="18964628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964628" title="Internet Open Trading Protocol">
Internet Open Trading Protocol

The Internet Open Trading Protocol (IOTP) is a protocol provides an interoperable, standardized and payment system independent framework for Internet commerce which tries to replicate real-world trading processes as close as possible.

</doc>
<doc id="18964634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964634" title="Stavelot Bible">
Stavelot Bible

The Stavelot Bible is a Romanesque illuminated manuscript Bible in two volumes datable to 1093-1097. It was produced for, but not necessarily in, the Benedictine monastery of Stavelot, in the Principality of Stavelot-Malmedy of modern Belgium, and required four years to complete. It was probably the main liturgical Bible of the monastery, kept on the altar of the abbey church or in the sacristy, rather than in the library. It is one of the most important Mosan manuscripts of the last quarter of the 11th century, and shares some of its scribes and artists with the earlier Lobbes Bible and a manuscript of Josephus, in all of which a monk called Goderannus was at least a scribe, and possibly the main artist. For many years it was in the Royal Library at Bamberg, until it was acquired by the British Library in London, where it is catalogued as Additional Ms 28106 and 28107. The pages measure 581 x 390 mm, and there are 228 and 240 leaves in the two volumes.
Both volumes of the book were written by two Benedictine monks, the calligraphers Brother Ernest (or Ernesto) and Brother Goderannus. Goderannus had the habit, helpful to modern scholars, of adding colophons with some detailed information to his manuscripts. In the Stavelot Bible a colophon records that the work took four years, including the illuminations and what was no doubt a magnificent metalwork treasure binding. The task was finished when "Jerusalem was under attack by many peoples", in other words during the First Crusade. Goderannus had written the Lobbes Bible, which another colophon dates to 1084; at that time he was a monk of Lobbes Abbey, but it is assumed that he had moved to Stavelot in the intervening years, as the "Josephus" was also made for the abbey there. Many scholars believe that he was also the main artist for the miniatures in both manuscripts, although it is agreed that at least four hands were involved in the miniatures in the Stavelot Bible. In particular, the most famous miniature, the image of "Christ in Majesty" (shown to the right) was contributed by a different artist, sometimes termed the "Master of the Holy Majesty", who may have been a layman. It has even been suggested that it is a later addition to the manuscript, considering its advanced technique for the time, although most scholars find this theory unlikely, given that other artists of the region were known to demonstrate similar precocity at the time. A number of other miniatures are also attributed to this artist, including the arcades over the canon tables. In general the artists worked roughly on stretches of books in the Biblical sequence, so that, for example, the Pentateuch initials are all by the same hand. 
The "Christ in Majesty", which comes at the start of the New Testament, is the only full-page miniature; all others are decorated letters and historiated initials in large narrow panels at the start of the books of the Bible. Several of these show large numbers of small figures in different scenes, in particular the "I" of "In principio" at the beginning of the Book of Genesis, which takes up the whole height of the page, with a total of 33 small scenes within a geometric framework, ranging from the events of "Genesis" itself to the "Last Judgement". They show varied influences, including a strong stylistic one from Mosan metalwork and enamels. The figure style shows the influences of the German tradition from Ottonian and Carolingian art, as well as Byzantine art, possibly mediated through Italian works. There is decorative influence from the Anglo-Norman Channel School. The miniatures show both the older technique of pen-drawing relatively lightly coloured-in, and the new style, derived from Italy, of fully painted images using opaque colours. The interlace decoration of the Lobbes Bible has been replaced by foliage forms.
The decorative scheme of the book is typical of large monastic Bibles, which during the Romanesque period were the most common books to be lavishly illuminated for display, along with the psalter, having taken over this role from the Gospel book.
Notes.
Careful examination of the Greek keyhole pattern surrounding the Christ in Majesty will reveal clusters of triple and five dot pattern in white. The entire scheme is based (at however many removes) on the 5th century mosaic band decorating the arch of the Mausoleum of Galla Placidia, Ravenna.
Further reading.
Dynes, Wayne Robert, "The Illuminations of the Stavelot Bible", Education-Garla, 1978, New York, ISBN 0-8240-3225-X 

</doc>
<doc id="18964654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964654" title="Edward A. Noonan">
Edward A. Noonan

Edward A. Noonan ( – ) was the twenty-seventh mayor of St. Louis, Missouri, USA, serving from 1889 to 1893.

</doc>
<doc id="18964668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964668" title="Dackarna">
Dackarna

Dackarna is a speedway club from Målilla in Sweden who compete in the Swedish Elitserien. Their home track is at the G&B Stadium which has been used as the venue for the Grand Prix of Scandinavia since 2005.
History.
The team was founded in May 1935 as Målilla Motorklubb and in 1949 renamed itself Dackarna (in honour of Nils Dacke) and the club began league racing. Dackarna raced in the highest level of league racing in Sweden between 1951 and 1965, winning the league championship in 1957, 1958, 1959 and 1962, and finished as runners-up in 1956 and 1964. Dackarna switched between the first and second league for the next 30 years until 1997 when the team received the backing of a major new sponsor (Svelux) and were renamed Team Svelux. Svelux were taken over by Luxo in 2002 and the team name was changed to Luxo Stars. In 2006 the sponsorship deal expired and the team name reverted to Dackarna. Success returned to Dackarna when they won the 2007 Elitserien after defeating Västervik in the play-off final.

</doc>
<doc id="18964683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964683" title="Long Meadow Grove">
Long Meadow Grove

Long Meadow Grove, also known by some as Redwood Meadow Grove, is a giant sequoia grove in California which offers a half mile interpretive trail, Trail of 100 Giants, through majestic mature sequoias. The grove is part of the southern section of Giant Sequoia National Monument and is administered by the U.S. Forest Service.
It is fairly easy to get to by car on Western Divide Highway (County Route SM107). It is best to visit in the summer when the road is open, or in the winter by snowmobile. The grove is about with sequoias occurring on considerably less acreage as there are several pockets of mixed conifers without sequoias in them. The grove is primarily on the west side of the road and directly across the road from Redwood Meadow Campground. Redwood Meadow campground is adjacent to Long Meadow Grove, and Trail of 100 Giants winds through the grove. Along the trail through the grove are old sequoias. These include the Umbrella Tree, False Bonsai, Spike Top, and the Cedoia Tree (a cedar and sequoia tree growing together). The Quintet is a circle of five sequoias growing together. The largest known sequoia in this grove is Red Chief tree near Table Mountain, which is the 41st largest giant sequoia with a volume of . 

</doc>
<doc id="18964684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964684" title="BMW X1">
BMW X1

The BMW X1 is a luxury compact crossover automobile produced by the German manufacturer BMW since 2009 and marketed worldwide in rear-wheel-drive ("sDrive") and all-wheel-drive ("xDrive") configurations. Production followed the debut of a concept version at the 2008 Paris Motor Show. with series manufacture beginning at the BMW Leipzig plant in October 2009 — followed by production in Chennai, India (from knock-down kits (CDK)), Shenyang, China, (by BMW-Brilliance Automotive Ltd) and Kaliningrad, Russia (CDK,with local partner Avtotor).
The X1 shares a similar platform with the BMW X3, based on the platform of the BMW 3 Series (E91) Touring (wagon). The EPA classifies the vehicle under the "Midsize Cars" category.
The X1 has been critically acclaimed for its attractive design and driving dynamics, though noted that it is not a true off-road vehicle. It has proved to be a commercial success for BMW with, as at September 2013, approximately 500,000 models sold worldwide since its launch in late 2009. 
The X1 introduced BMW's N20 engine in its "xDrive28i" model. The X1 is slightly smaller and more affordable than the X3.
In North America, the X1 is BMW's smallest SUV offering, and has a low starting MSRP of $30,800. The X1 is also BMW's first SUV to offer rear-wheel drive (RWD) as an option (only on the sDrive28i model). The sDrive28i and xDrive28i models will offer a 2.0L, 241 horsepower turbocharged inline four-cylinder (I4) engine, and the xDrive35i model will offer a 3.0L, 300 horsepower single turbocharged inline six-cylinder (I6) engine. Four different lines will be available: the ES/SE Line, the Sport Line, the Luxury Line, and the xLine. The lines offer unique trim differences to differentiate each one from another. An eight-speed sport automatic transmission will be available on North American models. The interior will be similar to that of the current BMW 1 Series Coupe, also offered in North America. Development began in 2004, with design work commencing in 2005. Final design work was done by Richard Kim during 2006 and frozen for production in mid-2007.
E84 (2009-).
X1 sDrive20d EfficientDynamics Edition (2011-).
The vehicle was unveiled in International Frankfurt Motor Show (IAA 2011).
X1 sDrive 16d (2012-).
It is a version with reduced engine power.
The vehicle was unveiled in 21st Auto Mobil International Leipzig 2012.
Equipment.
The X1 offers a 420 litre cargo volume, which can increase up to 1350 litres of storage space with the seats folded. For comparison, the 3-Series Touring (E91) has 460 and the X3 (E83) has 480 litres. The backrest in the rear is adjustable in 11 steps and can be divided in the ratio 40:20:40. The vehicle offers adaptive cruise control, seating positions with modestly raised H-point seating (marketed as "Semi Command Sitting position) and Performance Control.
Engines.
All sDrive models are rear-wheel drive, while xDrive models are all-wheel drive.
The Indian market is currently getting the sdrive18i (4 cyl petrol), sdrive20d and sdrive20d (highline) (4 cyl diesels). The three variants have an 8-speed automatic transmission. No manual transmission option is available now. Also SDrive 1.6i TwinScroll Turbo is available for some countries sensible against tax in Europa 
Petrol engines.
The USA market gets the BMW N20B20 2.0-liter turbo inline-4, in RWD sDrive and AWD xDrive configurations, as well as the BMW N55B30 TwinPower turbo inline-6 from the X3 xDrive35i.

</doc>
<doc id="18964700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964700" title="Milojević">
Milojević

Milojević is a Serbian surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18964720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964720" title="Eva Ostwalt">
Eva Ostwalt

Eva D. Ostwalt (or "Oswalt") (April 2, 1902 – May 23, 2010) was a survivor of the Holocaust.
Ostwalt was born into a Jewish mercantile family in Cologne, the eldest of three daughters. During the Second World War, she was forced to work for Siemens in a camp next to the Ravensbrück concentration camp. She lost her mother in Auschwitz and her daughter during the bombing of Dresden. She barely survived. In 1947, she married her second husband Heinz Ostwalt and they soon emigrated to the USA.
Her daily life was shown in a TV documentary titled "Lust am Leben - mit 103 in Amerika" by Michael Marton, which aired in Germany on WDR. She lived on the outskirts of Washington, D.C. At the age of 105, Ostwalt was still able to drive and use a computer. During the documentary, it became apparent that the Holocaust was frequently on her mind. Even over 60 years after the event, Ostwalt did not want her neighbours to know of her Jewish background. Marton is preparing a longer version in English, to be entitled ""To Live - what else!".

</doc>
<doc id="18964723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964723" title="Stella Maris (1918 film)">
Stella Maris (1918 film)

Stella Maris (1918) is a silent film directed by Marshall Neilan, written by Frances Marion and based on William J. Locke's novel. 
The film was remade in 1925, with Mary Philbin in the title role.
Plot.
Stella Maris (Mary Pickford) was born paralyzed and is unable to walk. Her wealthy parents try to prevent her from being exposed to all the bad that is happening in the world. She is not allowed to leave her room in a London mansion and is bound to her bed. Her door even has a sign on it which says: ""All unhappiness and world wisdom leave outside. Those without smiles need not enter."" Stella has no idea a war is going on in the world and that there are poor and hungry people.
John Risca (Conway Tearle) is a well-known journalist and a friend of the family. He has been unhappily married to Louise for six years now and frequently visits Stella. John wants Stella to think he is perfect and lies about being married. Louise, meanwhile, wants a servant in her house and hires orphan Unity Blake (also Mary Pickford). Unity is uneducated and has been deprived and mistreated for her entire life. This resulted in her being afraid of everyone.
One night, a drunk Louise gives Unity the order to get some groceries from the supermarket. Unity does as told and on her way back, the food is stolen by kids. She returns to the home only to get beaten up by an outraged Louise. Unity is severely hurt and Louise gets arrested. It is announced she will have to serve three years in prison. John is kinder to Unity and adopts her. Unity is very grateful and falls in love with him. John himself is only interested in Stella. John wishes Unity to be raised at the Blount's residence, but they don't want her. They prevent her from meeting Stella, fearing Stella will notice there are suffering people in the world. They finally convince John to raise Unity at Aunt Gladys' house.
In order to make John fall in love with her, Unity starts to educate herself. Meanwhile, Stella gets an operation and is able to walk after three years. She meets John and they fall in love. One day she decides to give John a surprise visit. Louise, who has just been released from jail, opens the door and tells Stella the truth about her marriage. Stella is heartbroken upon learning that he lied to her about his marriage. Feeling betrayed she tells John to leave her alone and refuses to talk to her family upon seeing how much sadness and pain are in the world.
Meanwhile, Unity uses one of John's suits and pretends he is asking her to marry him. When he comes home heartbroken over losing Stella, she tries to busy herself with work. As she hears Aunt Gladys' concerns about John's inability to be free to love Stella while Louise lives, Unity realizes she and John never can be a couple. She writes him a note which she thanks him for showing her kindness and says he should get together with Stella. Unity secretly grabs a gun from a gun collection and settles the score by killing Louise for the pain she inflicted on her, Stella and John. She next kills herself, making the police think it was a revenge murder as her troubled history is well known even to them. John is reunited with Stella and they marry.
Cast.
"unbilled"

</doc>
<doc id="18964725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964725" title="Tropical Storm Matmo (2008)">
Tropical Storm Matmo (2008)

Tropical Storm Matmo (International designation: 0803, JTWC designation: 04W, PAGASA name: Dindo) formed to the east of Manila in the Philippines as a tropical disturbance on May 13. Early the next day, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the developing system while later that day the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) classified the disturbance as a weak tropical depression and started to issue advisories on it. The JTWC then designated the depression as Tropical Depression 04W while the JMA started to issue full advisories on the storm. On May 15, the tropical depression intensified into a tropical storm and was named Matmo by RSMC Tokyo. Later that day the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration issued their first advisory on Matmo and assigned the local name "Dindo". The JTWC upgraded the system to a tropical storm later that day. It then intensified into a severe tropical storm the next day while the JTWC issued their final advisory on Matmo as they thought the storm had become extratropical. However, the JMA kept issuing advisories on Matmo, until the storm dissipated the next day. There was no impact reported from Tropical Storm Matmo.
Meteorological history.
Late on May 13, 2008, a tropical disturbance formed about , to the east of Manila in the Philippines. The disturbance was located in an area of low vertical wind shear and had a low-level circulation center which had started to consolidate. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) then issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the disturbance early the next day, as deep convection was building near to the low pressure area. Later that day both the JTWC and the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) upgraded the disturbance to a tropical depression, with the JTWC designating it as Tropical Depression 04W. This was because the system had become more consolidated and had a good outflow.
Early on May 15, as the storm was moving towards the northwest, the JMA upgraded the tropical depression to a Tropical Storm and named it Matmo. The Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) then designated the storm as Tropical Depression Dindo. Later that day Matmo rapidly tracked towards the northeastern boundary of PAGASA's area of responsibility as it had started to interact with a mid-latitude trough. The JTWC then reported that the cyclone had intensified into a tropical storm and had reached its peak intensity with winds of 75 km/h (45 mph). Early on May 16, both PAGASA and the JTWC issued their final advisories on the storm as it approached the edge of PAGASA's Area of responsibility, with the JTWC reporting that Matmo was now extratropical. However, the JMA continued to issue advisories on the storm at this time and reported that it had reached ten-minute peak wind speeds of 95 km/h (60 mph), which made Matmo a severe tropical storm. Though, within their next advisory, the JMA downgraded Matmo to a tropical storm and reported that it had weakened into a tropical depression early the next day before dissipating later that day.
Preparations, impact and naming.
In preparation for Tropical Storm Matmo, the Japan Meteorological Agency issued warnings for the, Naha, Moji and Yokohama areas of Japan. However, there was no impact reported from either Japan or the Philippines.
The name "Matmo" was submitted to the ESCAP/WMO Typhoon Committee, by the United States of America, for use from January 1, 2004 and means heavy rain in the Chamorro language. This came after the name Chataan was retired, following the 2002 Pacific typhoon season. The Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) also assigned the local name of "Dindo" to Matmo, which was last assigned by PAGASA, in the 2004 Pacific typhoon season.

</doc>
<doc id="18964752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964752" title="Pavel Kohout (organist)">
Pavel Kohout (organist)

Pavel Kohout (born in 1976 in Prague, Czech republic) is a Czech Organist.
He is a graduate of the Prague Conservatory and the Faculty of Music of the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague under the tutelage of Prof. Jaroslav Tůma. In 1999–2000 he continued his studies at the Conservatorium van Amsterdam in Holland under renowned specialist Prof. Jacques van Oortmerssen.
Prizes.
Pavel Kohout graduated from the Prague Conservatory and the Music Faculty of the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague under the guidance of Jaroslav Tůma. From 1999 he continued his studies in historical organ technique at the Conservatorium van Amsterdam in the Netherlands with renowned specialist Prof. Jacques van Oortmerssen.
Pavel Kohout has won a number of prizes at international organ competitions including first prizes at international contests in Ljubljana 1998 and Vilnius 1999 and several other special awards including the "Dancing Angel" prize of the European Music Competition for Youth.
As a recitalist and soloist, Pavel Kohout performs with various ensembles and orchestras throughout Europe, Russia, Asia, Australia and the United States. His further activities include an ongoing collaboration with Czech National Radio for the project "Historical Organs", helps provide organ tours in the Czech Republic for organ experts, presents international master classes and continues recording on CDs.

</doc>
<doc id="18964768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964768" title="Armco-Ferro House">
Armco-Ferro House

From research completed by the Historic American Buildings Survey (HABS): The Ferro Enamel Corporation, one of the two major sponsors for the . . . house, was formed in 1930 by a merger between the Ferro Enameling Company and the Ferro Enamel and Supply Co. The idea of using porcelain enamel for residential construction was introduced by Bob Weaver, president of the newly formed company. Shortly after the merger, Charles Bacon Rowley, architect, designed a four-person house with Ferro-Enamel shingles that the company erected in Cleveland, Ohio, in July 1932.31 Despite the innovative use of ferroenamel as a cladding material, the house was built using conventional wood construction. The first porcelain-enameled frameless steel house was completed . . . in South Euclid, Ohio . . . Like the Armco-Ferro house, this house was designed by Robert Smith, Jr., and was built by Insulated Steel Corporation; . .
In 1932, the American Rolling Company (Armco) . . . built a second porcelainenameled frameless steel house . . . using Robert Smith, Jr. as architect. The Ferro Enamel Corporation and the Insulated Steel Construction Company collaborated with Armco, thus setting the stage for the partnership that made the Century of Progress home possible.
Spatial Organizations.
Internal.
Armco-Ferro House is based on a traditional four-square. There are four rooms on the first floor and four rooms on the second. The four-square allows for cross ventilation in all weather and all seasons. The original garage was open for the 1933 fair season and enclosed for the 1934 fair season, becoming a study. A porch was added the second year 
The house is a contributing property to the Century of Progress Architectural District.
Restoration efforts.
Restoration efforts on the Armco-Ferro House were started in 1997, with the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore and the Historic Landmarks Foundation of Indiana searching for potential leasees to restore the building.
As of October 2011, the restoration of the home is near completion. The home is open one day annually in the fall for tours, along with the other Century of Progress homes nearby (all except one having been restored or restoration in-progress).

</doc>
<doc id="18964776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964776" title="Gabriel of Lencastre, 7th Duke of Aveiro">
Gabriel of Lencastre, 7th Duke of Aveiro

His full name was Gabriel de Lencastre Ponce de León Manrique de Lara Cádenas Girón y Aragon (1667–1745), known as "Dom" Gabriel of Lencastre.
He was the 2nd son of Manuel Ponce de León, 6th Duke of Los Arcos, in Spain, and Maria de Guadalupe of Lencastre, 6th Duchess of Aveiro.
His mother was recognised by the Portuguese King, as Duchess of Aveiro, in 1679, on the condition she would return to Portugal. Due to her husband's opposition, she divorced him, returned to her homeland and regained the House of Aveiro and their estates.
Their elder son, Don Joaquín, would inherited the Spanish House of the Dukes of Los Arcos, while the younger, Dom Gabriel, would inherited the Portuguese House of the Dukes of Aveiro.
Only after his mother's death (1715), he came to Portugal. While he lived in Spain, King Charles II granted him the title of Duke of Baños, and he served in the Spanish army, both in the Catalonia and in the Flanders campaigns.
He died single without issue.
After his death the Duchy was claimed by his nephew, António de Lencastre Ponce de León (son of Joaquin 7th Duke of Los Arcos), and by José de Mascarenhas, 8th Count of Santa Cruz and 5th Marquis of Gouveia (descending from Álvaro and Juliana of Lencastre through female line).
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil” – Vol. II, pages 346. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18964782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964782" title="Poughkeepsie Day School">
Poughkeepsie Day School

Poughkeepsie Day School is an independent coeducational school serving students in the mid-Hudson valley, for Pre-K - 12th grade. 
It was founded in 1934. Its original location was at Hooker and South Grand Avenues in the city of Poughkeepsie, where it began with 35 students and three faculty members. In 1963, a capital campaign raised funds to build a new building on the Vassar College campus at 39 New Hackensack Road in the Town of Poughkeepsie, which became their location for 35 years. A new capital campaign in 1994, involving donations from individuals and grants from foundations, funded a move to a new location in buildings formerly owned by IBM on Boardman Road, which is the school's current location. The theater is named for school parent James Earl Jones, who funded construction and whose children attended the school. Pete Seeger, David Strathairn and Jack DeJohnette also had children who attended the school. 

</doc>
<doc id="18964792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964792" title="Video Zonkers">
Video Zonkers

Video Zonkers is a television reality comedy show aired on AXN Asia. The show features primarily bloopers, accidents, mix ups, reckless and unintelligent behaviour caught on tape.
Description.
Video Zonkers is a compilation of videos that sport ridiculous stunts, fights, riots, crashes and peculiar behaviour caught on tape. The show is produced by the producers of the very successful show Whacked Out Sports. It originally ran on December 6, 2007 and it is presently still running. A typical episode run time is about 30 minutes and some 104 episodes have been made so far. The show is narrated by an animated host called ZONKER. The same voice is also used to narrate Whacked Out Sports. Similar to their previous show the producers used cartoonish Stock sound effects such as screams, punches, crashes, and groaning men sounds after scenes of crashes, falls, fights or other incidents are shown. The show features several segments including Zonker Zone, Zonker Files, Video Zonkers Passport, Celebrities You've Never Heard Of and Don't try this at home.

</doc>
<doc id="18964819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964819" title="Coastal Wetlands Planning, Protection and Restoration Act">
Coastal Wetlands Planning, Protection and Restoration Act

Mission.
The Coastal Wetlands Planning, Protection and Restoration Act (CWPPRA) was passed by Congress in 1990 to fund wetland enhancement. In co-operation with multiple government agencies, CWPPRA is moving forward to restore the lost wetlands of the Gulf Coast as well as protecting the wetlands from future deterioration. The scope of the mission is not simply for the restoration of Louisiana’s Wetlands, but also the research and implementation of preventative measures for wetlands preservation.
CWPPRA is a partnership between the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the NOAA- National Marine Fisheries Service, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, USDA Natural Resources Conservation Services, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the State of Louisiana.
CWPPRA.
The Coastal Wetlands Planning, Protection and Restoration Act (CWPPRA) is also known as the Breaux Act due to the involvement of Louisiana U.S. Senator John Breaux in the Act’s passage.The Act has several Mandates:
Since 1990, 91 CWPPRA Projects have been complete or are currently under construction.
Benefits of CWPPRA Projects.
Benefits that CWPPRA projects contribute:
CWPPRA Task Force Members.
The task force consists of the State of Louisiana and five Federal Agencies:
Contact information for CWPPRA Task Force members can be found at LACoast.gov.
The Hurricane Effect.
In 2005, two of the United States' most devastating hurricanes hit the Gulf Coast (Hurricane Katrina, August 2005; Hurricane Rita, September 2005). Their impact gained national attention due to the vast property damage and loss of life. These two storms also impacted CWPPRA efforts for coastal restoration, for the better. As scientists and policy makers seek ways to protect coastal communities and industries from future hurricanes, they look to the marshes and barrier islands that form the coast’s first line of hurricane defense. This is magnifying the importance of CWPPRA and related projects and the necessity for the successful restoration of the coastal wetlands.
More recently, in 2008, Hurricanes Gustav and Ike have left their mark on Louisiana's Coastal Wetlands. Experts are comparing Hurricane Ike's impacts to those of Hurricane Rita in 2005. Assessment of the impact is on-going and may not be fully realized for some time.
See also.
Wetlands of Louisiana
National Wetlands Research Center
U.S. Geological Survey
Coastal Conservation Association

</doc>
<doc id="18964822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964822" title="Vischer Ferry, New York">
Vischer Ferry, New York

Vischer Ferry is a hamlet in the town of Clifton Park in Saratoga County, New York, United States, along the Mohawk River.
History.
Vischer Ferry is named for the family of Nicholas Vischer, who built a house beside the river in 1735. At that time the Mohawk Valley was claimed by the Iroquois League and by the British Province of New York. The American Revolutionary War destroyed Iroquois settlements in the valley and established the State of New York.
The site became known as Vischer's Ferry after Nicholas Vischer's son, Eldert Vischer, opened a rope ferry at the site in 1790. The ferry connected Ferry Road on the north shore to Ferry Road on the opposite bank at Niska Isle. By 1800, a tavern and store were located there. Construction of the Erie Canal by 1825 linked the Mohawk River to Lake Erie.
As the canal declined in importance, Vischer Ferry became relatively isolated. A bridge built across the river at Vischer Ferry in 1900 was destroyed by ice in 1902. Later attempts to secure state funding for a bridge were unsuccessful. Because of its isolation, the village preserved much of its nineteenth-century Greek Revival character. In October 1975 the Vischer Ferry Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
A nearby concrete dam was completed in 1913 for hydroelectric use and to aid river navigation. The Vischer Ferry Dam, also known as Dam 3, is high and long.
The Vischer Ferry Hotel, built in the 1790s, was destroyed by fire in 1946. This loss led to the formation of the community's first volunteer fire department.
In 1958-1959, construction of an interchange on Vischer Ferry Road (County Road 90) linked Vischer Ferry to Interstate 87, which is called the "Northway" between Albany and the Canadian border.
Recreation.
The Vischer Ferry Nature and Historic Preserve features a reconstructed 1862 Whipple truss bridge. In 2006 the reserve was designated a Bird Conservation Area.
The Mohawk Towpath Byway passes through Vischer Ferry.

</doc>
<doc id="18964826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964826" title="1955 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1955 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

ę
The 1955 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was the 69th staging of the All-Ireland hurling championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1887. The championship began on 24 April 1955 and ended on 4 September 1955.
Cork were the defending champions, however, they were defeated in the provincial series. Wexford won the title following a 3-13 to 2-8 defeat of Galway in the final.
Teams.
A total of fourteen teams contested the championship, the same as the previous championship, however, there were some changes on personnel. Antrim withdrew from the senior championship, while Wicklow fielded a team in the Leinster Senior Hurling Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18964832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964832" title="Kharaharapriya">
Kharaharapriya

Kharaharapriya is a rāga in Carnatic music. It is the 22nd "melakarta" rāga (parent scale) in the 72 "melakarta" rāga system. "Kharaharapriya" has a distinct melody and brings out the "Karuna" rasam, invoking pathos in the listeners. The "Kafi thaat" of Hindustani music is the equivalent of "Kharaharapriya".
Etymology.
There are many theories behind the etymology of the name "Kharaharapriya". The most popular interpretation of the name is "Loved ("priya") by the slayer ("hara") of demon "Khara"".
Structure and Lakshana.
It is 4th rāga in the 4th "chakra Veda". The mnemonic name is "Veda-Bhu". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ri gi ma pa dhi ni". Its "" structure is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
The notes are "chatushruti rishabham, sadharana gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, chatushruti dhaivatam" and "kaisiki Nishadam". It is a "sampoorna" rāgam – scale having all 7 "swarams". It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Hemavati", which is the 58th "melakarta" scale. Since the swaras of "Kharaharapriya" are quite evenly spaced, and since several different types of "gamakas" are allowed, it is a very versatile, fluid and flexible rāgam that allows for elaborate melodic improvisation within its scale.
Songs sung in "Kharaharapriya" ragas typically have long, elaborate "ālapanās", which exhibit the fluidity of the rāgam. "Kharaharapriya" songs are usually meant to be sung slow, medium or medium-fast, in order to bring out the "Karuna rasa" and "bhava" of the song.
"Janya" rāgams.
Due to the even spacing of "swaras", many "janya" rāgams (derived scales) are associated with "Kharaharapriya". It is one of the "melakarta" scales that has a large number of "janya" rāgams. Many of the "janya" rāgams are very popular on their own, lending themselves to elaboration and interpretation. Some of them are "Abheri", "Abhogi", "Andolika", "Bhimplaas" (Hindustani music), "Brindavana Saranga", "Kāpi", "Madhyamavati", "Mukhari", "Reetigowla","Shree", "Dhanaashri", "Udayaravichandrika", "Shivaranjani" and "Sriranjani".
See List of "janya" rāgams for full list of scales associated with "Kharaharapriya".
Compositions.
"Kharaharapriya" has been decorated with compositions by many composers. All except the Dikshitars, including Muthuswami Dikshitar, have composed songs in this "rāgam". Thyagaraja has composed many in this rāgam. Muthuswami Dikshitar, one of the three most important composers in Carnatic music, has not composed kritis in "Kharaharapriya", but has composed kritis in a closely related ragam Harapriya, which bears stark similarities to "Kharaharapriya". A few of the popular compositions are listed here.
The basic scale of "Kharaharapriya" has been used in several film songs in Indian film music. Although rarely authentic, there are several film songs that are set in this scale, or scales derived from this ragam. Ace singer P. Unni Krishnan released his 2012 album on Lord Ayyappan titled "Shabaimalai Va Charanam Solli Va" in which he has rendered a song in Kharaharapriya raagam set in classical melody. The song also illustrates how the Lord learnt the Kalari fight in Cheerappanchira which houses a temple called Mukkal Vattam managed by Lord's Guruvamsam even now.
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Kharaharapriya's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 5 other major "melakarta" rāgams, namely, "Kalyani", "Hanumatodi", "Natabhairavi", "Shankarabharanam" and "Harikambhoji". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration of "Graha bhedam" of this rāgam refer "Graha bhedam on Shankarabharanam".

</doc>
<doc id="18964837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964837" title="Frank Patrick O'Connor">
Frank Patrick O'Connor

Frank Patrick O'Connor (April 9, 1885 – August 21, 1939) was a Canadian politician, businessman, philanthropist. He was the founder of Laura Secord Chocolates and Fanny Farmer, and the namesake behind O'Connor Drive in Toronto.
Early Years.
Born in Deseronto, Ontario, the son of Mary Eleanor McKeown and Patrick O'Connor, O'Connor quit school at the age of 14 and started working at Canadian General Electric in Peterborough. He married Mary Ellen Hayes and moved with her to Toronto in 1912.
Laura Secord Stores.
In 1913, he opened the Laura Secord Candy Store on Yonge Street. He expanded the store across Canada and into the United States where it was known as Fanny Farmer Candy Stores.
Philanthropy.
A Roman Catholic, he gave $500,000 in the 1930s to the Archdiocese of Toronto under the trusteeship of Cardinal James Charles McGuigan.
Later life.
In 1935, he was appointed to the Senate of Canada by Liberal Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King. He represented the senatorial division of Scarborough Junction, Ontario until his death in 1939.
O'Connor survived his wife, whom died in 1931, and died at this estate at age 54.
Legacy.
Senator O'Connor College School, a Toronto Catholic District School Board high school, was named in his honour.
His estate was later acquired by the Toronto Catholic School Board (located next to the high school named after him) and sold. It was being restored and has been damaged by a fire in 2012. The remaining lands of the 240 hectares estate was developed for residential use.

</doc>
<doc id="18964847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964847" title="Baby's on Fire">
Baby's on Fire

"Baby's on Fire" is the third track on English musician Brian Eno's 1973 debut album, "Here Come the Warm Jets". It is an example of the predominantly glam/art rock style Eno employed at the time, praised for its guitar solo by King Crimson founder Robert Fripp.
Writing and recording.
Eno recorded "Baby's on Fire" during the "Here Come the Warm Jets" sessions in September 1973 at Majestic Studios, London, where he had previously recorded the majority of his earlier material. The track was produced by Eno, who handled production and mixing duties on the bulk of the album's recording, and was created with musicians Simon King, Marty Simon, Robert Fripp, Paul Rudolph, and John Wetton. The song is a bizarre fantasy about a photography session involving a burning infant and unthinking, laughing onlookers.
Live recordings of the song have appeared on various Eno recordings, the first being "June 1, 1974", performed with Kevin Ayers, John Cale, Ollie Halsall and Eddie Sparrow. Eno spoke positively about this performance, saying, "The instruments were incredibly out of tune, so out of tune you wouldn’t believe it. But it sounds fantastic. There’s one little bit in it where there’s a riff between the guitar and one of the bassists, and they’re so out of tune it sounds like cellos. Amazing! I mean if you tried to make that sound in the studio it would have taken you ages. You wouldn’t have thought of making it, in fact, it’s such a bizarre sound. And the piano and guitar are quite well out of tune as well. Ha!"
Musical composition.
The album version of "Baby's on Fire" is 5 minutes 19 seconds long. The song begins with a tense high-hat and bass line, along several different kinds of electronic sounds. Eno's vocals enter after this, being described as "nasal" and "slightly snotty". Following this first section of lyrics there is a 2 minute, 59 second guitar solo by Robert Fripp with shifting drum beats as backing; Eno's vocal returns as the song ends.
Release and reception.
"Baby's on Fire" has received positive reviews from critics, mainly noting the guitar solo. Douglas Wolk of "Blender" described the song as "a two-note wonder built around an all-hell-breaks-loose guitar meltdown by King Crimson’s Robert Fripp", while Chris Ott of Pitchfork Media called the track "earth-shattering".
"Baby's on Fire" was featured prominently in the 1998 film "Velvet Goldmine"., with vocals provided by the film's star, Jonathan Rhys Meyers.

</doc>
<doc id="18964851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964851" title="Pinyon Pines, California">
Pinyon Pines, California

North of State Route 74

</doc>
<doc id="18964855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964855" title="Mugi">
Mugi

Mugi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18964861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964861" title="Mukawa">
Mukawa


</doc>
<doc id="18964872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964872" title="Oliver Filley">
Oliver Filley

Oliver D. Filley (May 23, 1806August 21, 1881) was the sixteenth mayor of St. Louis, Missouri, serving from 1858 to 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="18964877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964877" title="Punta Caucedo">
Punta Caucedo

Punta Caucedo is a small cape located in the south coast of the Dominican Republic, 15 miles (24 km) east from Santo Domingo. Las Américas International Airport is located at Punta Caucedo. It is also Sector in the city of Boca Chica in the Santo Domingo Province of the Dominican Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="18964879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964879" title="Uzbin Valley ambush">
Uzbin Valley ambush

The Uzbin Valley ambush occurred when ISAF troops were ambushed by Afghan militants in eastern Afghanistan on 18 August 2008. It took place outside the village of Spēṟ Kunday, of the Surobi District of Kabul province and resulted in heavy casualties to the French ISAF contingent.
A NATO report of the incident summarised that the surviving members of the Coalition forces were "lucky to escape" arguing that they were poorly equipped, ill-organised and faced a well-prepared enemy. However, this version was denied by the French government. Later reports claimed that until then the relative calm of the region had only been obtained by bribery, of which the French were unaware.
Situation in Surobi.
The sector of Surobi was under French control between 2006 and 2007. At the time, French troops crossed the 35th parallel only once, as the region beyond was considered to be dangerous. Then and until August 2008, responsibility of the Surobi district switched to 140 Italian troops who had undertaken development projects for the local population, as part of ISAF's "comprehensive approach" strategy. The district was considered a successful example of establishing security, and was considered a quiet region despite the known presence of militants loyal to Gulbuddin Hekmatyar in remote areas. The Italian government understands its mandate to be a stabilisation mission, without armed operations.
In August, French troops took over from the Italian force, as part of French president Nicolas Sarkozy's initiative to increase France's commitment to the war in Afghanistan. There had been a fear of militants attacking the three dams that operate in the region. In October 2009, "The Times" revealed that the relative calm in the region during the previous Italian occupation and since then had been obtained by Italian secret services bribing local Taliban groups into inaction. The French, unaware of the fact, then ventured into areas with an overoptimistic threat assessement and insufficient equipment. A Taliban commander, Mohammed Ismayel, confirmed the existence of a deal with the Italians, though without corroboating the existence of any financial transactions, and explained that the more aggressive attitude of the French troops had caused the guerrilla to attack them. Silvio Berlusconi denied that any bribes were ever paid and refuted the claims as "totally baseless accusations".
In contrast to the purely humanitarian operations carried out by the Italians, the French engaged in armed patrols in an effort to cut off guerrilla groups from their rear bases in Pakistan. On 15 August, a French patrol was dispatched to Spēṟ Kunday, but without exploring the surrounding passes. Local villagers warned them not to stay, due to the presence of Talibans, but the French announced their intention to return. Thus, the guerrilla became aware of the French plans to reoccupy the area.
Ambush.
Order of battle.
On 18 August, an ISAF column left FOB Tora in Surobi in order to assess guerrilla activity in the Uzbin valley. It was composed of some 100 troops in 20 vehicles, mostly French, accompanied by elements of the Afghan National Army and some U.S. Special Forces in charge of coordinating air support. The patrol was organised in 
Their mission was to explore the field and make contact with local populations, in an effort to reinforce control of the region. Uzbin Valley is the most populated valley of the sector, with 30,000 inhabitants. The patrol was aware that there were enemy combatants in the valley.
Two hours before the patrol reached the mountain pass, Omar Khattab was alerted and phoned local militant commanders Zabihullah Mujahed and Khalid Farooqi for support, as he began making plans for the attack. This advance warning raised suspicions that Afghan translators, who had deserted at camp Tora, had leaked information, either voluntarily or under coercion; this was later denied both by the French Army and by the guerrilla, who claimed that they had lookouts and guarded weapon caches in the sector.
140 fighters took positions around the pass. According to official French statements, the group was composed mainly of Non-Afghan elements. This was denied by the rebel leaders, who nevertheless acknowledge that weapons and funds were provided from abroad.
The ambush was mostly improvised by local leaders of the Hezb-e-Islami Gulbuddin, later reinforced by Taliban, given the size of the operation, and villagers affiliated with either of these organisations. The ambush was part of a larger plan to surround Kabul, as it occurred on a road to Jalalabad, on which 70% of NATO supplies transit. Orders were given by the headquarters of Hezb-e-Islami Gulbuddin, in Pakistan, in liaison with Taliban. 
The Taliban leaders who carried out the operation deny that Hezb-e-Islami Gulbuddin was involved, and claim that the ambush was prepared in a mere two hours by three Afghan Taliban units.
Battle and attempt at surrounding French troops.
The column was led by "Carmin 2" section. Ten kilometres away from their base, at an altitude of 1750 metres on their mountain pass, and around 13:30, the leading platoon reached the end of the roadway. The paratroopers were forced to dismount and advance on foot along a small path. Under Adjutant Gaëtan Evrard, they advanced with part of "Carmin 2"; Corporal Rodolphe Penon, a medic of the 2nd Foreign Parachute Regiment; and a translator (24 men overall) to inspect a pass situated East of Uzbin Valley, leading to the heights of Sper Kunday. The four VABs and their crew (8 men) remained at the bottom of the pass in support position. "Rouge 4" stayed further behind. The Afghan National Army section was delayed by a mechanical failure and later reached the village. The Afghan National Guard section was guarding a checkpoint on the road in the valley.
When the first elements of "Carmin 2" were approximately 50 metres from the peak at around 15:30, the group of fifty waiting militants launched their attack, quickly killing the squadron's deputy leader, the radio operator and the Afghan interpreter with Dragunov, AK-47 and RPG-7 fire. Penon was struck by a bullet in the leg while tending the wounded, and killed by a second bullet as Marsouin Noël Livrelli attempted to come to his rescue.
Now disorganised, the paratroopers scrambled to find cover in the mountain brush, as fifty more militants rushed towards their position in a pincer movement from the southern ridge and the village. In addition, several "well-trained snipers" amongst the militants were present, as were heavy mortars, and presented unexpected problems for the Coalition forces. Rocket-propelled grenades damaged three Afghan National Police vehicles. The men of "Carmin 2" dispersed over more than 200 metres to shelter themselves and found themselves pinned down. 600 metres below, the VABs started supporting "Carmin 2" with suppressing fire from their 12.7mm machine guns.
At the same time, Taliban units stormed a ridge North of the village on the rear of "Carmin 2", threatening the VABs. Taliban tactics have been described as using modern Western techniques, with a perfectly prepared ambush which pinned French troops in a C-shaped pincer.
From their support position one kilometre from the village, "Rouge 4" rushed to help, reaching the heights of Sper Kunday in eight minutes. However, they were unable to make their junction with "Carmin 2" and had to support it from a distance, with machine gun fire and 4 Milan missiles. It was then engaged by Taliban snipers and prevented from deploying its mortars as "Carmin 2" requested. The Taliban then manoeuvered so as to climb down towards the village and surround the patrol, which had to fight to maintain its junction to the valley.
A militant armed with an RPG managed to strike one of the VABs, causing some damage but no casualties as the vehicle was empty. Meanwhile, after the death of the interpreter and wounding of four other Afghans, the Afghan National Army forces quickly fled the scene, leaving the American and French troops alone. 
"Carmin 2" requested reinforcements at 15:52, and air support at 16:10. Two F-15 fighters that were on alert were guided by the US special forces team, arriving a few minutes later. Anticipating NATO use of air power, the Taliban closed in to French positions, preventing the F-15s from firing. 10 minutes later, A-10 Thunderbolts arrived but also had to hold their fire to avoid friendly fire casualties. The beleaguered paratroopers were able to use hand signals to communicate with the craft.
Meanwhile, the men of "Carmin 2" were duelling with the Taliban with hand grenades and sniper fire, and began to run out of ammunition. 
Approximately thirty minutes after the air support had arrived, the French VAB-mounted M2 machine guns ran out of ammunition, and attempts at a counter-attack had to be aborted.
Reinforcements.
The Swift Reaction Force called from Tora reached the battle at 17:05, 80 minutes into the fight. It was composed of
These reinforcements were engaged by Taliban before even reaching the village, but nevertheless managed to provide suppressive fire for "Carmin 2" and "Rouge 4", and supply the VABs of "Carmin 2" with ammunition.
Meanwhile, the Taliban were joined by several dozen men.
At 17:50, the Taliban closed in to Sper Kunday, almost completing their pincer movement. Under the critical circumstances, Thunderbolts and Kiowas started close air support, in spite of the entanglement of friendly and enemy troops. Air operations lasted for one hour, during which the remnants of "Carmin 2" were able to reach the village. Some French soldiers complained about friendly fire incidents, either from US aircraft or from ANA elements; these were later denied by French military authorities. Two US UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters then attempted to land to evacuate wounded, but were prevented by Taliban fire.
At 18:15, two Caracal helicopters, previously reserved for a possible evacuation of Afghan President Hamid Karzai, arrived from Kabul and landed a physician and Air commandos. They quickly turned back and returned with 4 tonnes of supply, most of it ammunition which was immediately carried to units under fire. They later evacuated the first wounded. These elements worked non-stop for 14 hours to provide supplies and medical evacuations.
At 18:25, LLR 81mm mortars of the support group started firing. One hour later, as the sun set, "Carmin 2" was still trying to break contact, but most of its men were still pinned down by Taliban trying to surround the village. 12.7mm machine guns began to run low on ammunition again.
At 20:00, 3 sections of the Régiment de Marche du Tchad arrived by road, with 120mm heavy mortars. As night fell, Predator drones guided mortar fire.
Regain of control by French forces.
At 21:00, "Carmin 3" started climbing the pass to rescue the wounded and gather the dead. One hour later, reinforcements from Kabul cleared the surroundings of the village. US aircraft, mostly OH-58 Kiowa and AC-130, pounded ridges around.
Around midnight, the sector was under control, firing around Sper Kunday had stopped, and "Carmin 3" and "Rouge 3" had retaken the positions leading to the pass.
The first bodies were found at 1:40. Just before 02:00, Norwegian Special Forces entered the area and began collecting the last of the wounded French troops, and gathering the bodies. Most of the bodies had been looted and some were discovered mutilated by the enemy. The last bodies were found in the morning.
Meanwhile, the last elements of "Carmin 2" crawled down to the village, sometimes metres away from Taliban fighters.
In the morning, with the pass under control, a new "Carmin 1" section was heliported by Caracal helicopters to explore the ridges leading to the pass. They were soon under fire from the North, sustaining mortar, machine gun and light weapon fire. These attackers were fended off when "Carmin 1" called in 120mm mortar fire on their positions. By noon, the Taliban had evacuated the area and NATO forces disengaged.
Nine French soldiers had been killed and another 18 wounded. A tenth soldier was killed and two others were injured after the roadway collapsed under the weight of their VAB. The Afghan National Army was tasked with re-entering the area and retrieving bodies, and confirmed the death of 13 militants, while some estimates had been much higher. French estimated 80 talibans and their leaders killed in the ambush and the chasing the next days.
Although the militant commanders later spoke of summarily executing the wounded French troops and capturing a female soldier, these claims were denied by the French government.
Hunt for Taliban and bombings.
The Taliban retreated into Laghman Province with their dead and wounded. They dispersed into three villages near the place of the ambush. These villages were bombed by NATO for three days, causing 40 civilian dead, destroying 150 houses and forcing 2000 people to flee. One of the villages received 70 bombs, prompting inhabitants to complain of reprisals. General Georgelin defended these actions as "destroying two huge weapon caches helping the logistics of the insurgents", but did not address the question of "collateral damage". Afghan intelligence services have stated that most of the victims of the bombings were women and children, which they claim proves that the men had taken part in the ambush.
Sper Kundai was struck by four Milan missiles. 
Taliban leader Faruki, who claimed to have led part of the ambush, stated that ""a bombed house means a new fighter on our side. That is called vengeance. This is normal. Especially here"".
Aftermath.
Casualties.
The battle itself was unexceptional in 2008 Afghanistan: the same day, tens of civilians were killed by a car bomb in Khost, and suicide bombers had attacked US military installation, yielding a 12 hour battle. Two days later, a US airstrike on Azizabad killed 90 civilians, 60 of them children. However, the loss of life for the French Army represented the most significant single incident since the 1983 Beirut barracks bombing, which killed 58 soldiers, and the third greatest single military loss since Operation Red Wings.
ISAF.
The French took the brunt of the casualties among ISAF forces, with 10 dead—8 killed by bullets or shrapnels, one by a bladed weapon, and the last one in a road accident as he rode to the battle. 23 ISAF soldiers were also wounded, among whom 21 were French and 2 were Afghan.
The Afghan translator who accompanied "Carmin 2" was initially reported to have been found dead, having been tortured and mutilated. It was later reported that he may in fact have disappeared from the group "a few hours" prior to the ambush, stoking reports he may have been the one who alerted the militant commanders, which was denied by the French military who said his body had been recovered and returned to his family.
Reports on the details of the casualties were confused and contradictory. Initial official reports mentioned losses during the very first moments of the battle, as the Taliban shot a carefully aimed volley by surprise. However, further testimonies by the soldiers coming back from the field reported casualties during the entire engagements, and notably soldiers dying from otherwise recoverable wounds because they could not be evacuated. "Carmin 2" sustained most of the casualties, with 9 killed and 17 wounded out of 31 men. 
Some military equipment of value was captured by the guerrilla:
In addition, six VABs were damaged.
Some early reports mentioned that three or four bodies had been found lined up, implicating that these soldiers could have been captured alive and executed; this was denied by French military authorities and government. 
Furthermore, Taliban leaders claimed to have captured wounded soldiers and finished them off, though without torturing them. They also claimed to have destroyed five vehicles and used land mines.
Guerrilla.
The exact amount of casualties among guerrilla fighters in a matter of some conjecture. The French military authorities mentioned a range of 30 to 80 killed, while on 29 September, Afghan leader Gulbuddin Hekmatyar, claiming responsibility for the attack, declared that ten of his men had been killed in the fighting. Only one body was found by ISAF forces after the ambush. The French Army also claimed that an "important leader" had been killed during the battle.
Four Milan missiles and a number of airstrikes were launched on Sper Kunday, and aerial bombing struck several other villages in the following days; Pajhwok Afghan News report up to 40 killed and 2000 refugees caused by these bombings.
Reactions.
News of the ambush yielded international displays of sympathy, with Afghan president Hamid Karzai giving his condolences to the French people. Heads of State and heads of government such as Gordon Brown, George W. Bush, Silvio Berlusconi and Stephen Harper also gave hommage.
On 20 August, Nicolas Sarkozy travelled to Kabul to speak to the French soldiers stationed in Afghanistan. He reasserted his commitment to pursuing the war against the Taliban, The soldiers who were killed in the ambush were posthumously made knights of the Légion d'honneur. although the attack led to a steep decline in public support for French involvement in the war. A CSA poll showed 55% favouring pulling back the troops form Afghanistan, and only 36% supporting the operations.
On 10 September, head of staff Jean-Louis Georgelin testified before the military and Foreign Affairs commissions of the National Assembly. On 12, families of the dead were invited to travel to Afghanistan, accompanied by Defence minister Hervé Morin. 
The personal effects of the French casualties were offered for sale in marketplaces, and photos of militant troops in French uniforms infuriated the government. Survivors of the attack said that the American warplanes resulted in friendly fire casualties, which was disputed by NATO.
Left-wing opposition MPs requested a vote regarding the continued presence of French forces in Afghanistan, which was reaffirmed by the National Assembly on 22 September. Prime Minister François Fillon claimed to have ""learnt the lessons of the ambush"", and announced further military deployment, amounting to about 100 men with drones and helicopters.
Military consequences.
On 20 August, US military authorities in Afghanistan claimed to have killed two of the leaders involved in the ambush in Kapisa Province. 
On 18 October 2008, ISAF and Afghan forces returned to Sper Kunday as to prevent a permanent build-up of Taliban influence in the region. Fighting ensued and 7 guerrilla fighters were killed or wounded. French military authorities claim that villagers are subject to strong pressure from the guerrilla.
In the following months, the French military took steps to send 20mm-armed Air Force VIB vehicles to reinforce the VABs of the Army. The Army 20mm VAB, the T20/13, requires reloading the gun outside of the vehicle.
News reports and mediatic war.
Initial Taliban reports.
Accounts by Taliban published by "Al-Somood" report that ""as for the number of French killed during the fight, it amounts to several tens. Local and international medias have reported 11 killed and 21 wounded, but that is not true at all"". In it, the Taliban refer to themselves as "Mujahideen", and, occasionally, to the French as "crusaders".
The account goes on describing the patrol as consisting of ""18 tanks and armoured vehicles"", which it claims were all destroyed, save for five that were captured. It also boasts that five French soldiers had been taken prisoners and that ""upon arrival of airplanes, the mujahideen could not take them along and had to kill them on the spot"". More specifically, it mentions the employment of improvised explosive devices; the French reported not finding any.
The report also claims that ""large amounts of weapons and ammunition"" were captured, and that a film of the fight was made, showing ""the dead, the booty and the destroyed armoured vehicles, thanks to God"". It finishes by an accurate assessment of French public opinion and political debate, notably mentionning Hervé Morin and François Hollande by name.
In November, Flemish journalist Joanie de Rijke met with Sher Mohammed ("Ghurghust"), who claimed to know the full story of the attacks, and was captured and held prisoner for six days before being released. She was shown a heart-shaped pendant that the commander claimed was taken from a female soldier in the attack, and the knife that a commander "Ghazi" claimed to have used to kill four of the French troops.
Initial French authorities reports.
Initial statements of the French authorities claimed that those killed were "during the first instants" of the ambush, which was quickly contradicted by testimonies from survivors.
Furthermore, the Ministry of Defence did not report that one of the dead had been killed by a bladed weapon. This was deliberately omitted after the Minister talked with the family, who requested that this detail be kept from the public. The information nevertheless surfaced, raising suspicions as to the truthfulness of official reports. The Ministry of Defence finally confirmed the fact on 5 September.
On 18 August, general Benoît Puga characterised the outcome of the event as 
Interview of Taliban leaders with "Paris Match".
"Paris Match" photographer Véronique de Viguerie and reporter Éric de la Varenne managed to meet with a group of Taliban claiming to have taken part in the ambush. Two of them were photographed wearing French flak jackets, helmets and signature FAMAS rifles, as well as French uniforms in Camouflage Centre Europe patterns. The group leader, Faruki, demanded that French forces depart Afghanistan lest they be all killed. He stated that the French had crossed a red line by entering Uzbin valley, which they consider to be their territory. He further claimed that no French had been tortured, and surrendered a watch taken on the body of a dead soldier as a token.
"Paris Match" published the photographs and the messages of the Taliban leader on 4 September, causing an uproar in France, particularly from the families of the dead soldiers and the government. Part of the press accused "Paris Match" of allowing itself to be used as a Taliban propaganda media.
On the other hand, Taliban being in possession of military equipment was seen as a patent proof that a number of bodies had been abandoned for some time, and comforted suspicions that several soldiers have been captured alive and executed.
Criticism of the organisation of the patrol.
Frenic report.
On 3 September 2008, "Le Canard Enchaîné" published a FRENIC (French National Intelligence Cell) report to the General Staff and to military intelligence, claiming that the reconnaissance patrol had been ill-prepared. It pointed to ammunition running low during the first incident in a patrol planned to last for several days, lack of support weapons in a 100-man patrol, and lack of advance observations and surveillance. The existence of this report was categorically denied by the Ministry of Defence, and its credibility was questioned by journalist Jean Guisnel, who noted that several passages of the "secret report" had been copied from "Le Points" website.
NATO report.
On 20 September 2008, "The Globe and Mail" published a "secret NATO report". The document claims that the patrol lacked supplies and preparation, that it ran low on ammunition 90 minutes into the fight, that the French section had only one radio, and that Afghan forces left their armament behind and fled the battle, while the Taliban seemed very well prepared. 
Existence of the report was at first denied by the French Defence minister, the French General Staff, and NATO. It was later acknowledged, but stated to be a mere "field report", redacted by the leader of the US team embedded in the patrol, and featuring errors.
Internal criticism.
French Army officiers, both in France and in Afghanistan, criticised the lack of ammunition, radios, mortars, air reconnaissance, and the fact that reinforcement had been brought by road only. 
Criticism on the Internet website of the dead soldiers prompted the colonel of the 8th Marine Infantry Parachute Regiment to threaten litigation against critical commentators.
General Michel Stollsteiner, commander of Allied forces in the Kabul region during the ambush, acknowledged an "excess of confidence" in that the zone was considered to be largely secured. Another officer admitted that French forces had prepared for harassment with roadside bombs and suicide attacks, but not for coordinated guerrilla actions, and that the level of tactical skill shown by the guerrilla had been unexpected.
Later incidents.
Sixteen months later, on 17 December 2009, coalition forces conducted Operation Septentrion in the Uzbin Valley, "to show these insurgents that we can go where we want when we want" according to a French military spokesperson. An Afghan flag was planted in a key village of the Uzbin Valley; it was the furthest north coalition forces had been in the Valley.
On 30 August 2010 another French soldier was killed in Uzbin Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="18964887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964887" title="MacPhee House">
MacPhee House

The MacPhee House Community Museum in Sheet Harbour, Nova Scotia is a Visitor Information Centre and a museum of local history. The history of the Sheet Harbour area can be found in the MacPhee Building and outside the MacPhee Building. 
Behind MacPhee House is a walking path that takes you past what is left of the old mill that once resided there. There's a waterfall behind the building.

</doc>
<doc id="18964902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964902" title="Hadi Sepehrzad">
Hadi Sepehrzad

Hadi Sepehrzad (, born 19 January 1983 in Tehran) is an Iranian decathlete.

</doc>
<doc id="18964921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964921" title="Annette Quijano">
Annette Quijano

Annette Quijano (, born July 4, 1962) is an American Democratic Party politician, who was selected by Union County Democrats to fill a vacancy to represent the 20th Legislative District in the New Jersey General Assembly and has since been re-elected three times to her Assembly seat. Quijano succeeded Neil M. Cohen, who resigned on July 28, 2008 amid allegations of child pornography on an official computer.
She is presently serving as General Assembly Deputy Majority Leader and Chairwoman of the Assembly Homeland Security and State Preparedness Committee. This is in addition to serving as a member of the Labor Committee. 
Quijano is a native of New Jersey, the daughter of Puerto Rican parents. Currently a resident of Elizabeth, she is the first woman and first minority to represent the 20th District. Quijano was selected by a convention of Union County Democrats over Patricia Perkins-Auguste by a vote of 87-82. She was sworn in on September 25, 2008. 
Quijano graduated from Rutgers University with a B.S. in Management and earned her Juris Doctor from Rutgers School of Law—Newark. She served clerkships at New Jersey Superior Court in Newark, and in Trenton at both the Office of the Governor's Counsel and the New Jersey Department of the Public Advocate in Trenton. She has bar admissions in both New Jersey and Pennsylvania.
She has worked as a Compliance Manager for Prudential/ Aetna U.S. Healthcare and as an attorney in civil practice. She served as Chief of Staff to State Senator Raymond Lesniak from 1992–1994, Assistant Counsel to Union County, Clerk to the Union County Board of Chosen Freeholders and as the Assistant Counsel to Governors Jim McGreevey, Richard Codey and Jon Corzine. 
Quijano has served on the United Way Hispanic Advisory Council of Union County, the Governor’s Working Group for Hispanic Affairs, a Legal Services committee in Elizabeth, and as a Commissioner for New Jersey’s Congressional Redistricting efforts. She is the recipient of the Excellence in State Government Leadership and the Women of Excellence in Government awards and mentors young adults to consider law and graduate school in her free time.
District 20.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 20th District for the 2012-2013 Legislative Session are:

</doc>
<doc id="18964952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964952" title="Edge STP">
Edge STP

Edge STPs (signal transfer points) are networking hardware devices embedded with software that performs routing, signaling, firewall, and packet conversion functions. Their primary purpose is to unify networks that use various transports and signaling protocols – such as SS7, SIP, SIGTRAN, TDM, IP, etc. – into cohesive service environments. Unified environments are simpler for telecommunications companies to manage, and also enable them to cost-effectively transition to next-generation networks based on the Internet Protocol (IP).
Edge STPs support voice, data and video services. Among their key functions are optimizing traffic flow; providing advanced load sharing between network segments; managing multi-node congestion; translating addresses; filtering and screening packets; and protecting important information. They also provide on-the-fly translation between networks that employ different transports and signaling protocols. That translation capability enables, for example, services that were designed to run on SS7 to run on IP networks instead, and vice versa.
Edge STPs at work.
Unlike traditional STPs, Edge STPs process packet traffic away from the network core, where sensitive applications and customer information reside. They can either perform simple packet routing or deep packet inspection (DPI) that supports content-based routing. DPI is a time-consuming and processor-intensive function that can bog down core network functions and reduce customer response times. Shifting it to the network edge improves overall network performance. 
Moving functionality to the network edge, companies can add, modify, and expand services without disrupting core network functions. Edge STPs perform a broad range of roles in evolving telecommunications networks. They include optimizing services such as short message service (SMS) for improved performance; providing precise security policies to subnetworks; preventing service interruptions during switch migrations; and connecting server-based applications to switched networks. In the latter scenario, telecommunications companies that are implementing IP subnetworks use Edge STPs to integrate them with their existing SS7 signaling infrastructure.
See also.
Common Channel Signaling
SS7
SIGTRAN
STP
Signaling Gateway
References.
IEEE, http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/Xplore/login.jsp?url=/iel5/6842/18390/00847947.pdf?arnumber=847947 
Dynamic edge provisioning for core IP networks
IETF SIGTRAN RFC 2719: Architectural Framework for Signaling Transport.
External links.
“Edge device and method for interconnecting SS7 signaling points (SPs) using edge device,” http://www.freepatentsonline.com/6940866.html
The new zone of opportunity in telecom networking is on the edge
US Patent 6940866 - Edge device and method for interconnecting SS7 signaling points(SPs) using edge device

</doc>
<doc id="18964966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964966" title="William Philip Price">
William Philip Price

William Philip Price (1817 – 31 March 1891) was an English timber merchant and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1852 and 1873.
Price was the son of William Price of Gloucester and his wife Frances George, daughter of Phillip George of Bristol. He was educated privately. He ran a successful timber company, and was also involved in the Railway industry, being a director of the Midland Railway Company. In 1840 he became a director of the Gloucester Banking Company, and was later made the chairman in 1865. Price was a Deputy Lieutenant and J.P. for Gloucestershire and in 1849 was made High Sheriff of Gloucestershire. 
In July 1852 Price was elected Member of Parliament for Gloucester. In 1857 his re-election was investigated for bribery, and it was found that his agents had been bribing voters, although he himself was not aware of it. He was unseated in 1859.
Price was re-elected MP for Gloucester in the 1865 general election, but left parliament in May 1873 to become a railway commissioner. Price is the only Member of Parliament to be made both Steward of the Manor of Northstead and Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds.
Price married Frances Ann Chadborn, daughter of John Chadborn of Gloucester. Their son William Edwin Price was MP for Tewkesbury.

</doc>
<doc id="18964981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18964981" title="Vítor Valente">
Vítor Valente

Vítor Sérgio dos Santos Valente (born 13 March 1965) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Football career.
After beginning in the lower leagues, Valente made his top division debuts in the 1986–87 season, appearing in 14 league games for a final 13th position. He spent three of the following four years also in the top flight, in representation of Académica de Coimbra and União da Madeira.
In 1991, one year after the club lost Zé Beto in a car accident, F.C. Porto bought Valente to act as backup to future club legend Vítor Baía, and he ended up appearing in only two matches in his two season-spell with the team, totalling 13 minutes in two substitute appearances; he met the same fate at his next club, Boavista FC.
After three seasons with C.F. Os Belenenses (top division, starting in his last year), 32-year-old Valente signed for F.C. Alverca in the same level, being understudy to Paulo Santos. He then returned to former team Académica, with the "Students" now competing in division two.
Valente retired from football at the age of 39, after two years with amateurs Imortal DC in Albufeira, Algarve. Subsequently, he worked as a goalkeeper coach at U.D. Leiria and the Burkina Faso national football team, always under countryman Paulo Duarte.

</doc>
<doc id="18965012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965012" title="Pallas's pika">
Pallas's pika

Pallas's Pika ("Ochotona pallasi"), also known as the Mongolian Pika, is a species of mammal in the Ochotonidae family. It is found mainly in the mountains of western Mongolia. There are four subspecies: "O. p. pricei", "O. p. hamica", "O. p. helanshanensis" and "O. p. sundica". One notable difference is that "O. p. pricei" generally dwells in dry steppe habitats and may build burrows while the other subspecies tend to prefer rocky habitats. However, none of the subspecies live strictly in either sort of habitat.
Like other pikas, Pallas's Pika is herbivorous and saves grass in the summer to eat in the winter. It often constructs haypiles with this stash, but some populations prefer to keep their stores under rocks.
Pallas's Pika usually has several litters of between one and thirteen offspring during each mating season. Mating habits may vary based on the population size in the area that year.
As a species, Pallas's Pika is common. However, "O. p. hamica", "O. p. helanshanensis" and "O. p. sundica" are rated as Critically Endangered and Endangered, respectively, on the IUCN Red List.

</doc>
<doc id="18965054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965054" title="Hospital Quality Incentive Demonstration">
Hospital Quality Incentive Demonstration

Launched in October 2003, the Hospital Quality Incentive Demonstration (HQID) pay-for-performance project was designed to determine if economic incentives to hospitals were effective at improving the quality of inpatient care. Approximately 250 hospitals—small/large, urban/rural, teaching/non-teaching facilities—across 36 U.S. states participated in the demonstration.
Over the first three years of the project (2003–2006), participating hospitals raised overall quality by an average of 15.8 percent based on their delivery of 30 nationally standardized and widely accepted care measures to patients in these five clinical areas: 
Additional research using the Hospital Compare dataset for April 2006 to March 2007 showed that HQID participants scored on average 7.48 percentage points higher (91.49 percent to 84.01 percent) than non-participants when evaluating 19 common Hospital Compare measures.

</doc>
<doc id="18965063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965063" title="Neki noviji klinci i...">
Neki noviji klinci i...

Neki noviji klinci i... (trans. "Some Newer Kids and...") is the tribute album to Serbian and former Yugoslav singer-songwriter Đorđe Balašević by bands from his native Novi Sad (with the exception of Super s Karamelom which are from Bečej, Serbia).
Album title referres to the song "Neki novi klinci" ("Some New Kids") from the 1979 album "Mojoj mami umesto maturske slike u izlogu" released by Balašević's former band Rani Mraz. All the funds raised from the album sale were dedicated to orphanage Dečje Selo in Sremska Kamenica. Volunteers' Centre of Vojvodina as the publisher, together with all performers, organized two-day event at Spens Sports Center's West Hall in October 2008, after almost a year from publishing date and after selling complete circulation, for additional fund raising. The concert lasted for 7 hours on both days.

</doc>
<doc id="18965068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965068" title="Capital Plaza Mall">
Capital Plaza Mall

Capital Plaza Mall (the region now known as simply "Capital Plaza") was a shopping mall located at the intersection of Annapolis Road (Maryland Route 450) and the Baltimore-Washington Parkway in Landover Hills, Maryland. It was built between 1961 and 1963, as a regional shopping center to serve the Bladensburg and Landover area of suburban Washington, D.C. The mall was a major attraction in Prince George's County, until its slow decline that began in the 1970s. This continued until the mall's closure in 2005, and ultimately its demolition in 2007. Part of the grounds are now occupied by a Wal-Mart store.
History.
Development and opening.
The opening day festivities on August 7, 1963, were themed by the popular movie "Around the World in 80 Days", and featured representatives from a dozen foreign countries, including Miss Universe Ieda Maria Vargas of Brazil. Maryland Governor J. Millard Tawes officiated the grand opening. The $11 million shopping center originally consisted of 45 stores, which included branches of S.S. Kresge, Kroger, People's Drug Store, Thom McAn Shoes, Lerner's, and a Hot Shoppes drive-in restaurant. The complex also included a movie theater and a professional building. The two anchor stores that were the mall's major attractions were Montgomery Ward and the later Bradlees, which opened and operated briefly in 1982 as Memco until it became a branch of the Washington, D.C. based home improvement Hechinger retail stores.
Capital Plaza was a whole new concept in Prince George's County shopping in the Bladensburg area, circa 1960s. This was the first mall style shopping center---called a plaza because of its open-air design featuring lighted fountain pools, trees and benches. Capital Plaza was once the main shopping mall in the central Prince George's County area other than Prince George's Plaza, prior to the later county shopping hub---Landover Mall. 
Capital Plaza's prime location along Maryland Route 450 and the Baltimore-Washington Parkway made it ideal for shoppers by both automobile and public transit. Local bus service to Capital Plaza operated along Annapolis Road linking the plaza with the nearby suburban shoppers of Bladensburg, Bowie, Lanham, New Carrollton and even Washington, DC (provided by the old WMA Transit Company, until later becoming the Metrobus system). In the late 1970s-1980s, Capital Plaza even featured a Trailways bus station. Neighboring shopping featured Robert Hall Men's and Kinney Shoes, Shakey's Pizza, and a Grand Union Market (Cherry Hill Shopping Center) along Annapolis Road.
Decline and closure.
Following the opening of nearby Landover Mall in the 1970s, Capital Plaza began a long, slow decline. The plaza grounds also served as the local home of the UniverSoul Circus, in hopes of attracting more customers to the mall. Between 1999 and 2000, the parent companies for the mall's two anchor stores, Hechinger and Montgomery Ward, both filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. In the end, both retailers closed over 100 of their retail stores including the ones at Capital Plaza Mall by the end of 2000. By 2005, nearly all of the mall's smaller tenants closed and moved out of the location. This resulted in the closure of the mall by its owner Nellis Corporation.
Demolition and successor.
The site was leased by Wal-Mart, which demolished the mall to build the first (and, until December 4, 2013, when two Wal-Marts opened in Washington, D.C., only) Wal-Mart store inside the Capital Beltway. The new Wal-Mart opened in March 2007 and featured over 11,000 applicants for 330 jobs. As of July 2012, both signs that advertised the mall are still standing: the one located at the entrance which had the features of the mall listed and the one located off of MD 450 that has been renovated to promote the area's new name of simply Capital Plaza. The UniverSoul circus, an attraction that begun when the mall was standing, still rents out the location to host its events. Unlike before when it rented the parking lot across the mall, it now rents the area that is fenced where the west wing of the mall once stood. Still standing near the Wal-Mart is the McDonald's, Capital One Bank (formerly Chevy Chase Bank), and an international supermarket (formerly Safeway) that were in business during the Capital Plaza Mall tenure.

</doc>
<doc id="18965074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965074" title="Batangas State University">
Batangas State University

The Batangas State University (Filipino: "Pambansang Pamantasan ng Batangas"), formerly Pablo Borbon Memorial Institute of Technology, is a state university that has ten campuses in the Province of Batangas. Centered in the capital of the province, the university was ranked 64th among the best performing colleges and universities of the Philippines and was named as the leading mechanical engineering school prior to the Professional Regulation Commission Licensure Examination last September 2013.
History.
Early years.
The beginning of Batangas State University's history could be traced way back on 1903 when Manual Training School was founded under the supervision of an American principal, Mr. Scheer on its present site in Batangas City. Two years later it was named Batangas Trade School, admitting only male students for gainful occupations such as woodworking. It was destroyed by a fire on 1928 until classes resumed on 1932. Classes was closed again after World War II broke out in the Philippines.
After the war, the school resumed activities under the leadership of Mr. Vicente Mendoza as principal. The school was rebuilt on 1948 under the Rehabilitation Act of 1946 as it began to admit female students for cosmetology and food and garments' trades.
Pablo Borbon era.
Five years later after the rehabilitation act, the school was named Pablo Borbon National Trade School and further gaining a national status under the Republic Act 746 authored by Congressman Babao. It was renamed as Pablo Borbon Regional School of Arts and Trades on July 1, 1957. By August the same that year, the newly appointed school superintendent Arsenio Gaularan started to offer technical courses. He was followed by Vicente Mendoza on November 1962 and then succeeded by Rosario De Leon the next year. The latter's administration started to offer terminal classes in auto-mechanics, electronics, dressmaking, machine shop practice and, radio mechanics. This was followed on 1965 when Bachelor of Science in Industrial Education was offered after the Republic Act 4372 took effect.
As authorized by the Republic Act 5270 on 1968, Pablo Borbon Regional School of Arts and Trades was converted into a state college under its new name, Pablo Borbon Memorial Institute of Technology (PBMIT) with Rosauro de Leon as its first president. At the time of its conversion, it was the 23rd state college in the Philippines. Later on 1971, PBMIT started to offer Electrical and Mechanical Engineering courses. Three years later, Civil Engineering was offered. The same that year, the Graduate School was opened pioneering master's program such as Master of Arts in Industrial Education major in Administration and Supervision. This was followed on 1978 when Master of Management specializes in Business and Public Managements was offered on consortium with UP College of Public Administration. Earlier on 1977, a 200-hour skills training for out-of-school youths for practical automotive, electricity, food trades, mechanics and, woodcraft known as the Extension Trade Training Program was introduced.
Rosauro De Leon was succeeded by Isabelo R. Evangelio as college president on 1984. Two years later, the newly appointed president, Mariano O. Albayalde succeeded the latter, Evangelio.
On 1987, a pilot class of the general secondary curriculum with emphasis on science and mathematics was introduced on the Secondary Department of PBMIT. By the next year, a doctoral program in Industrial Education Management in consortium with Technological University of the Philippines was offered. Earlier on 1986 up to 1990, the college expanded its undergraduate programs in science, mathematics and, home economics.
Mariano O. Albayalde was followed by Ernesto M. De Chavez on 1989, becoming the fourth president of PBMIT. More relevant courses were introduced such as Bachelor of Arts major in English, Bachelor of Elementary and Secondary Educations and, Bachelor of Science in Computer Science. The next year, a special program, the Dual Training System was launched for future technicians. This was conducted on trimester class sessions with four days in industry and two days in school. By 1991, courses such as Bachelor of Arts in Development Communication and Bachelor of Science in Biology were offered.
The Secondary Department known as the Laboratory School was given a newly technology-based curriculum for engineering in 1993 as Maxima B. Ramos assumed principal. During that time, PBMIT's Laboratory School alongside with Philippine Science High School and Quezon City Science High School were the only technological-based curriculum schools in the Philippines.
From 1995 to 2000, numerous courses were offered and colleges of Accountancy, Business and Economics, Center of Gender and Poverty Studies, Computer Studies, Food Science and, Liberal Arts were created. Courses includes Architecture, Behavioral Science, Business Administration, 
Chemical Engineering, Computer Education, Environmental and Sanitary Engineering, Fine Arts, Guidance and Counseling, Information System Management, Information Technology, Marine Biology, Peace and Security Studies, Physics, Psychology, Public Administration, Secretarial Administration, Sociology and, Statistics. Also, the Grade School Department was established with Kindergarten I and II offered in pre-school and Grade I in elementary.
Batangas State University and onwards.
On March 22, 2001, a few days ago after the Second People Power Revolution, by the virtue of Republic Act 90451, Pablo Borbon Memorial Institute of Technology was finally elevated into Batangas State University. The Grade School and Laboratory Departments on the other hand, were unified and named as Integrated School with Vilma R. Aguda as principal, 2006–present. Two other campuses of Batangas State University, the ARASOF in Nasugbu and JPLPC in Malvar has established their own Integrated Schools. Meanwhile DWPB 107.3 FM, the official radio broadcasting system of Batangas State University started to air on station.
Ernesto M. De Chavez sworn the title of being the first university president until 2005 when he was fired together with his staff by Philippine Ombudsman Simeon Marcelo for dishonesty and grave misconduct. The following year on July 14, Nora L. Magnaye assumed as the university president.
Campuses.
On 1984, the former Pablo Borbon Memorial Institute of Technology under the presidency of Isabelo R. Evangelio acquired a three-hectare site at Brgy. Alangilan, Batangas City which is now known as Governor Pablo Borbon Campus II. Within a decade later, PBMIT Balayan Campus located in Balayan, Batangas were established with courses offering in Automotive, Electricity, Electronics and Welding Fabrication. By 2000, extension campuses in Lipa City, Rosario San Juan and, Taysan, Batangas were established under the authorization of a memorandum of agreement. However, the latter Taysan Campus is now defunct.
The Apolinario R. Apacible School of Fisheries (ARASOF) located in Nasugbu, Batangas and Jose P. Laurel Polytechnic College (JPLPC) located in Malvar, Batangas were acquired by Batangas State University as satellite campuses after the Republic Act 9045 was enacted on March 22, 2001. Two years later, two other extension campuses were established; one is located in Lemery, Batangas and the other in Lobo, Batangas.
At present, Batangas State University holds a total of 10 campuses located throughout the Province of Batangas: two main, two satellites, and six extension campuses. Governor Pablo Borbon Campus I located in Rizal Ave., Poblacion, Batangas City where the former Manual Training School was established in 1903 and Pablo Borbon Memorial Institute of Technology in 1968, is the flagship campus of the university and offers the most number of courses.
Gallery.
The following images are located in Governor Pablo Borbon Campus I, Rizal Ave., Poblacion, Batangas City.

</doc>
<doc id="18965081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965081" title="Daniela Nardi">
Daniela Nardi

Daniela Nardi is a classically trained Canadian singer and songwriter based in Toronto, Ontario. She studied music from the age of five at the Royal Conservatory of Music in Toronto, and her studies culminated in a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Music from York University. 
She has composed for various independent films, and her resume includes experience as an actor and voice-over artist. Nardi has performed in Toronto clubs (The Montreal Bistro, Lula Lounge) and at festivals in both Canada (Rimouski Jazz Festival, Distillery Jazz) and abroad (in front of 100,000 people at a festival in Indonesia, in tandem with her jazz piano-playing husband, Ron Davis.
In 2009 she was chosen as the Best Female Vocalist at the Canadian Smooth Jazz Awards.
Material.
Nardi focuses on her life as inspiration for her songwriting. Her first album "One True Thing" deals with her childhood. Her second, "The Rose Tattoo", deals with her mother's battle with cancer and eventual death.

</doc>
<doc id="18965090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965090" title="SS Minnesotan">
SS Minnesotan

SS "Minnesotan" was a cargo ship built in 1912 for the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company. During World War I she was known as USAT "Minnesotan" in service for the United States Army and USS "Minnesotan" (ID-4545) in service for the United States Navy. She ended her career as the SS "Maria Luisa R." under Italian ownership. She was built by the Maryland Steel Company as one of eight sister ships for the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company, and was employed in inter-coastal service via the Isthmus of Tehuantepec and the Panama Canal after it opened.
In World War I, USAT "Minnesotan" carried cargo and animals to France under charter to the U.S. Army from September 1917. When transferred to the U.S. Navy in August 1918, USS "Minnesotan" continued in the same duties, but after the Armistice she was converted to a troop transport and returned over 8,000 American troops from France. Returned to American-Hawaiian in 1919, "Minnesotan" resumed inter-coastal cargo service, and, at least twice, carried racing yachts from the U.S. East Coast to California.
During World War II, "Minnesotan" was requisitioned by the War Shipping Administration and initially sailed between New York and Caribbean ports. In the latter half of 1943, "Minnesotan" sailed between Indian Ocean ports. The following year the cargo ship sailed between New York and ports in the United Kingdom, before returning to the Caribbean. In July 1949, American-Hawaiian sold "Minnesotan" to Italian owners who renamed her "Maria Luisa R."; she was scrapped in 1952 at Bari.
Design and construction.
In September 1911, the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company placed an order with the Maryland Steel Company of Sparrows Point, Maryland, for four new cargo ships—"Minnesotan", , , and . The contract cost of the ships was set at the construction cost plus an 8% profit for Maryland Steel, but with a maximum cost of $640,000 per ship. The construction was financed by Maryland Steel with a credit plan that called for a 5% down payment in cash with nine monthly installments for the balance. Provisions of the deal allowed that some of the nine installments could be converted into longer-term notes or mortgages. The final cost of "Minnesotan", including financing costs, was $65.65 per deadweight ton, which totaled just under $668,000.
"Minnesotan" (Maryland Steel yard no. 124) was the first ship built under the original contract. She was launched on 8 June 1912, and delivered to American-Hawaiian in September. "Minnesotan" was , and was in length and abeam. She had a deadweight tonnage of , and her cargo holds had a storage capacity of . "Minnesotan" had a speed of , and was powered by a single quadruple-expansion steam engine with oil-fired boilers, that drove a single screw propeller.
Early career.
When "Minnesotan" began sailing for American-Hawaiian, the company shipped cargo from East Coast ports via the Tehuantepec Route to West Coast ports and Hawaii, and vice versa. Shipments on the Tehuantepec Route would arrive at Mexican ports—Salina Cruz, Oaxaca, for eastbound cargo, and Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, for westbound cargo—and would traverse the Isthmus of Tehuantepec on the Tehuantepec National Railway. Eastbound shipments were primarily sugar and pineapple from Hawaii, while westbound cargoes were more general in nature. "Minnesotan" sailed in this service on the east side of North America.
After the United States occupation of Veracruz on 21 April 1914 (which found six American-Hawaiian ships in Mexican ports), the Huerta-led Mexican government closed the Tehuantepec National Railway to American shipping. This loss of access, coupled with the fact that the Panama Canal was not yet open, caused American-Hawaii to return in late April to its historic route of sailing around South America via the Straits of Magellan. With the opening of the Panama Canal on 15 August, American-Hawaiian ships switched to taking that route.
In October 1915, landslides closed the Panama Canal and all American-Hawaiian ships, including "Minnesotan", returned to the Straits of Magellan route again. "Minnesotan"s exact movements from this time through early 1917 are unclear. She may have been in the half of the American-Hawaiian fleet that was chartered for transatlantic service. She may also have been in the group of American-Hawaiian ships chartered for service to South America, delivering coal, gasoline, and steel in exchange for coffee, nitrates, cocoa, rubber, and manganese ore.
World War I.
On 11 September 1917, some five months after the United States declared war on Germany, the United States Army chartered "Minnesotan" for transporting animals to Europe in support of the American Expeditionary Force. Although there is no information about the specific conversion of "Minnesotan", for other ships this typically meant that passenger accommodations had to be ripped out and replaced with ramps and stalls for the horses and mules carried.
On 23 August 1918, "Minnesotan" was transferred to the United States Navy at Norfolk, Virginia. She was commissioned into the the same day, with Lieutenant Commander E. L. Smith, , in command. "Minnesotan" was refitted and rearmed and made a brief roundtrip to New York. After taking on a general cargo, "Minnesotan" sailed 4 September to join a convoy from New York. After passing Gibraltar on 21 September, the cargo ship sailed on to Marseille and unloaded. Departing there on 21 October, she sailed for Newport News via Gibraltar, arriving back in the United States on 7 November.
"Minnesotan" next took on a load of 798 horses and sailed on 30 November for Bordeaux, where she arrived on 13 December. Stopping at Saint-Nazaire the following day, "Minnesotan" departed for Norfolk on 21 December. After making port at Norfolk on 3 January 1919, the cargo ship sailed for New York, where she was inspected and found to be suitable for use as a troop transport. She was transferred to the Cruiser and Transport Force on 7 January and fitted with bunks and living facilities over the next three months.
Sailing from New York on 30 March, "Minnesotan" began the first of her four voyages returning American servicemen from France. On 16 April at Saint-Nazaire, "Minnesotan" began her first homeward journey with troops, embarking several companies of the 111th Infantry Regiment of the U.S. 28th Infantry Division. George W. Cooper, historian of the 2nd Battalion of the 111th Infantry, reported that even though the fighting had been over for some five months, the fear of striking floating mines necessitated that the men wear life jackets for the first three days at sea. "Minnesotan" landed her 1,765 troops in New York on 28 April.
On her next journey, "Minnesotan" loaded some 2,000 men of the 304th Ammunition Train and the U.S. 24th Infantry Division, for what turned out to be a rough passage with widespread seasickness. The men on board were greatly relieved when land was spotted, and the ship docked at Charleston, South Carolina, on 29 May.
Details of "Minnesotan"s third journey are not available, but her final journey began by sailing from Brest on 23 July with elements of the U.S. 4th Infantry Division and ended upon arrival at Philadelphia on 3 August. In total, she carried 8,038 troops in four voyages from France. By 15 August, "Minnesotan" had entered dry dock at the Philadelphia Navy Yard to prepare for decommissioning, which took place six days later. She was then returned to American-Hawaiian. Leslie White, later a noted American anthropologist, was a crewman aboard USS "Minnesotan".
Interwar years.
"Minnesotan" resumed cargo service with American-Hawaiian after her return from World War I service. Though the company had abandoned its original Hawaiian sugar routes by this time, "Minnesotan" continued inter-coastal service through the Panama Canal. Hints at cargos she carried during this time can be gleaned from contemporary news reports from the "Los Angeles Times". In March 1928, for example, the newspaper reported that "Minnesotan" sailed from Los Angeles with a $2,500,000 cargo that included raw silk and of copper bullion. The 1,000 bales of silk, picked up in Seattle, were worth $1,000,000 on their own, while the load of copper was reportedly the largest water shipment of Arizona copper to that time. Canned goods, grape juice, and locally grown cotton completed the load. The "Los Angeles Times" also reported that "Minnesotan" delivered a then-record cargo from the East Coast to Los Angeles in October 1930. "Minnesotan" also carried some less-traditional cargo. In February 1928, she delivered one R-class and four six-meter (twenty-foot) sloops to Los Angeles. The five racing yachts, all from East Coast yacht clubs, arrived to sail in the national championships of six-meter and R-class sloops held 10–18 March. "Minnesotan" delivered two other six-meter sloops for new owners in November 1938.
"Minnesotan" did have one mishap during the interwar period. On 3 May 1936, "The New York Times" reported that the day before, a receding tide had stranded "Minnesotan" about a half-mile (800 m) off of Monomoy Point, Massachusetts. Any damage the freighter sustained must have been minor; the cargo ship sailed from New York for San Francisco two weeks later.
Labor difficulties.
"Minnesotan" played a part in several labor difficulties in the interwar years. In March 1935, the crew of "Minnesotan" called a wildcat strike that delayed the ship's sailing from Los Angeles by a day, but ended the strike after they were ordered back to work by their union. In October 1935, the deckhands and firemen of "Minnesotan" and fellow Hawaiian-American ships "Nevadan" and "Golden Tide" walked out—this time with the sanction of their union, the Sailors' Union of the Pacific (SUP)—after American-Hawaiian had suspended a member of the International Seamen's Union. In that same month, "Minnesotan"s deck engineer, Otto Blaczinsky, was murdered while the ship was in Los Angeles Harbor. The Industrial Association of San Francisco, an organization of anti-union businessmen and employers, believed that Blaczinsky was killed because he opposed union policies, and offered a $1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of Blaczinsky's killer. Threats of another Pacific coast strike in late 1936 caused west coast shippers to squeeze as much cargo as possible into "Minnesotan" and other ships; when "Minnesotan" arrived at Boston in October, "The Christian Science Monitor" reported that the ship had arrived "literally laden to her Plimsoll line".
In September 1941, "Minnesotan" played a peripheral part in a larger protest by union sailors over war bonuses for sailing in the West Indies. The SUP struck on "Minnesotan" and fellow American-Hawaiian ship "Oklahoman" on 18 September in sympathy with the Seafarers International Organization, which had called a strike on eleven ships a week before. Both of the American-Hawaiian ships were idled while docked in New York. President Franklin D. Roosevelt called on the unions to end the strike three separate times during his press conference on 24 September. Roosevelt's admonition was heeded and both unions ended their strike after the National Mediation Board agreed to address the wartime bonus dispute.
World War II.
By January 1941, "Minnesotan", though still operated by American-Hawaiian, was engaged in defense work for the U.S. government, sailing to ports in South Africa. After the United States entered World War II, "Minnesotan" was requisitioned by the War Shipping Administration and frequently sailed in convoys. Though complete records of her sailings are unavailable, partial records indicate some of the ports "Minnesotan" visited during the conflict and some of the cargo she carried. From July 1942 to April 1943, "Minnesotan" sailed between New York and Caribbean ports, calling at Trinidad, Key West, Hampton Roads, Guantánamo Bay, and Cristóbal.
In June 1943, "Minnesotan" called at Bombay. She sailed in the Indian Ocean between Calcutta, Colombo, and Bandar Abbas through August. On her last recorded sailing in the Indian Ocean, "Minnesotan" carried steel rails between Colombo and Calcutta. "Minnesotan" was back in New York by early December, and sailed to Florida and back by the end of the month.
On 29 December, "Minnesotan", loaded with a general cargo that included machinery and explosives, sailed as part of convoy HX 273 from New York for Liverpool. "Minnesotan" developed an undisclosed problem and returned to St. John's, Newfoundland, where she arrived on 13 January 1944. Thirteen days later, she sailed from St. John's to join convoy HX 276 for Liverpool, where she arrived with the convoy on 7 February. After calling at Methil and Loch Ewe, "Minnesotan" returned to New York in mid March.
"Minnesotan" sailed on another roundtrip to Liverpool in May, but was back in New York by early June. Her last recorded World War II sailings were from New York to Key West, Guantánamo Bay, and Cristóbal, where she arrived in late July 1944. Sources do not reveal where or in what capacity "Minnesotan" spent the remainder of the war.
Later career.
After the war's end, American-Hawaiian continued operating "Minnesotan" for several more years, but in mid-July 1949, the company announced the sale of "Minnesotan" to Italian owners in a move approved by the United States Maritime Commission several days later. The sale of "Minnesotan" was protested by the Congress of Industrial Organizations which urged the United States Congress to intervene and to help retain American Merchant Marine jobs. Nevertheless, "Maria Luisa R.", the new name of the former "Minnesotan", remained in Italian hands until she was scrapped in 1952 at Bari.

</doc>
<doc id="18965092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965092" title="History of ethics in Ancient Greece">
History of ethics in Ancient Greece

Ethical theory in Greek culture predates philosophical reflection. The main ethical category for ancient Greeks was arete or virtue, which meant a certain strength or ability, or even force. The objective of a successful life was attaining doxa, or glory. Also an important concept in Greek culture was that of hybris, trying to go beyond one's possibilities. The literary source of this folk ethical theory can be seen in Homer, Greek tragedy and also Aesop's fables. 
The first philosophers, the Presocratics, occasionally reflected on ethics. Heraclitus thought that injustice appears only in the eyes of men, and that a divine perspective would show that everything is just. Pythagoras founded a sect in which a good reincarnation (metempsychosis) was to be attained through following certain ascetic practices. Democritus proposed cheerfulness as the supreme goal of life.
An important change came with the Sophist movement, who resembled professional teachers. They traveled from one city to another, and were concerned with ethical problems. Protagoras was a sophist and the first formulator of relativism in Western thought. By saying man is the measure of all things, he attacked the unchallenged notion of a fixed reality.
Socrates was a milestone in the history of ethics. He regarded for the first time areté as the rational part of the human soul/mind ("psyché").

</doc>
<doc id="18965115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965115" title="1931 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1931 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The 1931 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was the 45th staging of the All-Ireland hurling championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1887. The championship began on 10 May 1931 and ended on 1 November 1931.
Tipperary were the defending champions, however, they were defeated in the provincial series of games. Cork won the title following a 5-8 to 3-4 victory over Kilkenny in a second replay of the final.
Format.
Leinster Championship
"Quarter-finals:" (2 matches) These were two single matches between the first four teams drawn from the province of Leinster. Two teams were eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advanced to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winners of the two quarter-finals joined the two remaining Leinster teams to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams were eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advanced to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contested this game. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the All-Ireland semi-final.
Munster Championship
"Quarter-finals:" (2 matches) These were two single matches between the first four teams drawn from the province of Leinster. Two teams were eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advanced to the semi-finals.
"Semi-final:" (1 match) The winners of the two quarter-finals played in this lone semi-final. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winner of the semi-final and Waterford, who received a bye to this stage of the championship, contested this game. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the All-Ireland final.
All-Ireland Championship
"Semi-final:" (1 match) The winners of the Leinster championship were drawn to play Galway, who received a bye to this stage of the championship. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the lone semi-final and the Munster champions contested this game with the winners being declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="18965118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965118" title="1984–85 DFB-Pokal">
1984–85 DFB-Pokal

The 1984–85 DFB-Pokal was the 42nd season of the competition. It began on 31 August 1984 and ended on 26 May 1985. 64 teams competed in the tournament of six rounds. In the final Bayer 05 Uerdingen defeated Bayern Munich 2–1.

</doc>
<doc id="18965123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965123" title="Nagashima (disambiguation)">
Nagashima (disambiguation)

Nagashima was a series of Ikkō-ikki fortresses in Japan.
Nagashima may also refer to:
People.
Other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="18965131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965131" title="Stella Maris (1925 film)">
Stella Maris (1925 film)

Stella Maris is a 1925 silent film directed by Charles Brabin, written by Mary Alice Scully and based on a William J. Locke's novel. The film is a remake of the 1918 version, starring Mary Pickford.
A print survives at UCLA Film and Television.
Plot.
Stella Maris was born paralyzed and has lived all of her live in her bed in a London mansion. Her wealthy parents don't want her to be exposed to all the bad things happening in the world. She is frequently visited by John. They fall in love, but John has a dark secret of being unhappily married to Louise. Louise wants a servant and hires orphan Unity Blake. She beats her up after an incident, which results into being sent to jail. John decides to adopt Unity and takes care of her. This results into Unity falling in love with John as well, despite knowing the two of them can never be a couple.

</doc>
<doc id="18965140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965140" title="1934 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1934 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1934 was the 48th series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Limerick won the championship, beating Dublin 5-2 to 2-6 in a replay of the final.
Format.
The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was run on a provincial basis as usual. All games were played on a knockout basis whereby once a team lost they were eliminated from the championship. The format for the All-Ireland series of games ran as follows: 
Golden Jubilee.
The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1934 marked the fiftieth anniversary of the foundation of the Gaelic Athletic Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="18965148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965148" title="Нехристь">
Нехристь

НеХристь (, ) is a 2000 album by Ukrainian national socialist black metal band Nokturnal Mortum. The album is themed by paganism, to Anti-Christian and antisemitic lyrics. An example of this is the choice of track listing for "Perun's Celestial Silver" which after dozens of filler silence is the 88th track.

</doc>
<doc id="18965153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965153" title="Order of Abdulaziz Al Saud">
Order of Abdulaziz Al Saud

The Order of Abdulaziz Al Saud is a Saudi-Arabian Order of Merit. The order was named after Abdulaziz Al Saud who founded the Saudi kingdom, and died in 1953.
History.
In 1971, the introduction of orders was announced in a decree. It was instituted by King Faisal on 20 March 1971. However, the order had been awarded before that date unsystematically. These earliest versions were produced by Bichay in Cairo. The early version of the order was called Great Chain of Badr. The Saudi king, Fons honorum of the orders, confirmed the decree in his Royal decree.
The Collar of Abdulaziz Al Saud.
The collar is regarded as a separate order. It also confers the highest rank in the Order of Abdulaziz Al Saud, and, unlike the Great Chain of Badr, is awarded to non-Muslim heads of state.
The Order of Abdulaziz Al Saud.
The order is awarded to citizens of Saudi Arabia and foreigners for merit to the Kingdom. The Council of Ministers does the nominations but the King awards foreigners himself when he finds this appropriate. Saudis are always included in the fourth degree of the order and they can then be promoted.
The number of Saudi confirments is limited and they have to start their career in the order in the lowest 4th class. A member can be promoted every five years. Those rules does not apply for ministers and appointees for bravery, who can be awarded in a higher class instead.
The statutes of the order stipulate a limit on the number of inductees each year: 20 grand sashes of the distinguished class, and 40, 60, 80 and 100 members of subsequently the 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th class.
Classes.
The Classes include: 
The Saudis avoid the words like "cross" (as in "Grand-Cross") and "knight".
The order is sometimes referred to as the:

</doc>
<doc id="18965165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965165" title="8th Coastal Defence Flotilla">
8th Coastal Defence Flotilla

The 8th Coastal Defence Flotilla (8th CDF) is one of three tactical unit of the Polish Navy, composed of 6 main sub-units. The 8th CDF was established in 1965. In 1994 it was named after vice-admiral Kazimierz PORĘBSKI. The flotilla consists of three ship squadrons and two shore units, supported by Naval Base ŚWINOUJŚCIE. The unit operates various combat ships and auxiliary vessels such as minelayers, minesweepers, landing crafts and logistic support vessels. The main base of 8th CDF is Swinoujscie Harbour.
Its main tasks are: defence of the Polish Coast and sea zone, minecountermeasure (MCM), minelaying, transporting the army, and search and rescue (SAR) missions.

</doc>
<doc id="18965198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965198" title="Rebell (communist magazine)">
Rebell (communist magazine)

Rebell is a Swedish youth magazine published by the Revolutionary Communist Youth. It was founded in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18965223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965223" title="Chestertown Historic District">
Chestertown Historic District

Chestertown Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18965225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965225" title="Rakić">
Rakić

Rakić is a surname in former Yugoslavia: mainly in Serbia but also in Bosnia, Croatia, Montenegro, and Slovenia, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18965238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965238" title="Armagil Waad">
Armagil Waad

Armagil Waad (or Armigill Wade) (ca. 1511 – 20 June 1568) was a chief clerk of the Privy Council, servant of government and an English parliamentarian.
Early life.
He is said to have been born at Kilnsey, Yorkshire, near Conistone, and his mother’s maiden name is given as Comyn. On the dissolution of the monasteries Kilnsey was granted to Sir Richard Gresham, to whom Armagil may have owed his introduction at court.
Waad was educated at Magdalen College, Oxford, whence he graduated B.A. on 23 January 1531-2. He is then said to have entered some inn, possibly the Middle Temple, as his name does occur in the registers of the other three principal inns of court.
Career.
Exploration.
In 1536 he joined as an adventurer in Hore’s voyage to North America; he sailed with Oliver Daubeney, ‘Mr. Joy, afterwards gentleman of the king’s chapel,’ and others in the Minion from Gravesend, towards the end of April. After about two months’ sailing they reached Cape Breton; they also visited Newfoundland and Penguin Island (now known as Funk Island). They steered a northerly course home, fell in with icebergs, though it was the middle of summer, and reached St Ives, Cornwall about the end of October. Waad is said to have written an account of this voyage, which was afterwards printed. No such work has been traced, and it is not in Hakluyt, which, however, contains an account of the voyage furnished by one of Waad’s companions, Thomas Butts, son of Sir William Butts. Sir William Waad’s description of his father as the first English explorer of America, subsequently paraphrased into ‘the English Columbus’ rests on this voyage. It has little justification. Waad has no more title to the name than his companions on the Minion, and infinitely less than the sixteen Englishmen who accompanied Sebastian Cabot, not to mention the possibility that were English sailors among Columbus’s crews.
Public service.
After his return Waad seems to have entered the service of Henry VIII, probably as a messenger. In 1540, on the recommendation of Lord Maltravers, the lord deputy, Waad was promoted clerk of the council at Calais. He was promoted third clerk of the privy council in London at midsummer 1547, serving at first without a regular salary, though he was paid for special services, like arresting a Frenchman (probably Jean Ribauld) when he tried to escape to France. On 22 Sept. 1547 he was elected member of parliament for Chipping Wycombe, and on 17 April 1548 began to draw a regular salary of fifty marks as third clerk of the council. Four years later he had risen to be chief clerk, in which capacity he was paid 50"l". a year. In July 1550 he was employed as the channel of communication with the French and Spanish ambassadors, on 20 Dec. 1551 he was ordered to make an inventory of Cuthbert Tunstall’s goods, in April 1552 he brought certain accusations against the Countess of Sussex and was himself instructed to examine her in the Tower, and on 31 May following he was commissioned to procure Paget’s signature to the articles against him.
The last mention of him as clerk occurs on 13 June 1553, and there can be little doubt that he lost his office on Queen Mary’s accession. He also lost his seat in parliament, and possibly a post in the customs which he had bought, and of which, as he subsequently complained to Cecil, he was deprived without compensation. In 1554 he was, however, granted by the crown the manor of Milton Grange, Oxfordshire. He also acquired lands in Kentish Town and at Lydd, Kent, and subsequently leased Belsize Park, Hampstead, which he made his home, from the dean and chapter of St. Paul’s. On 17 Dec. 1555 he was summoned to account for 800"l". paid him by Sir Andrew Judd. Waad does not appear to have been restored to the clerkship of the council on the accession of Elizabeth; but on 15 April 1559 he was sent on a mission as ambassador to the Duke of Holstein. He was instructed to seek increased facilities for English merchants in the duke’s dominions, to report on his relations with the free cities in his duchy, to offer Elizabeth’s aid in repressing the attempts of the said ‘stades’ to recover their liberties and to suggest ‘some further intelligence’ between the duke and England for the purpose of maintaining the Augsburg Confession. In June 1562 he was sent to Rye to muster six hundred men for service at Havre, and to collect information about the movements of French parties and the readiness of the Huguenots to accept English help. In December he requested a grant of the salt marshes between Lydd and the mouth of the Camber, with license to enclose them. In 1566 he was engaged in examining at the Tower Cornelius de Alneto or Lannoy, an alchemist who had failed to redeem his promise of manufacturing gold for the queen’s service.
Family and later life.
Waad died at Belsize on 20 Jun 1568, and was buried in Hampstead church, where an alabaster monument, with a long inscription was erected to his memory by his son William. Owing to the rebuilding of Hampstead church in 1745 and three subsequent restorations, no trace of the monument remains. His will was proved in the prerogative court of the archbishop of Canterbury.
Waad was twice married; firstly, to Alice, daughter of Richard Patten (d. 1536), widow of Thomas Searle, and sister of William Patten, the historian of Somerset’s 1547 expedition into Scotland, and secondly to Anne Marbury, the widow of Edward Bradley (d.1558), a London haberdasher. According to Waad's epitaph he had 20 children by his two wives, 14 of whom predeceased him. All his surviving children were from his first marriage. The eldest surviving son was Sir William Waad.
He was also a good Spanish scholar.
Waad's writings.
Besides the ‘Observations’ on his travels attributed to him, Waad was author of:

</doc>
<doc id="18965239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965239" title="Capsulitis">
Capsulitis

Capsulitis refers to inflammation of a capsule.
Types include:

</doc>
<doc id="18965253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965253" title="Georges Limbour">
Georges Limbour

Georges Limbour (11 August 1900 – 22 May 1970) was a French writer of prose and poetry. 
He was a member of the Surrealist Movement in Paris during the 1920s, but was expelled in 1929. Before his association with André Breton and the Surrealists, Limbour co-edited, along with Roger Vitrac and René Crevel, the avant-garde review "Aventure" (1921-22). Later, he contributed to Georges Bataille's journal "Documents" (1929-30), and, with a number of other dissident ex-surrealists, signed the anti-Breton pamphlet "Un Cadavre". 
Among Limbour's writings translated into English are "L'Enfant polaire (The Polar Child)" (1922), "Glass Eyes" (1924) and "The Panorama" (1935). Other works of note include a prose collection "L'Illustre cheval blanc" and a study of the painter André Masson.
After World War II, Limbour taught in Egypt and Poland, and also made an extensive trip to Cuba in 1967-68. He died in a swimming accident in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="18965274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965274" title="Nagi">
Nagi

Nagi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18965328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965328" title="Nakajō">
Nakajō

Nakajō can refer to:
People:
Fictional characters:
Places:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="18965334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965334" title="1952 Cannes Film Festival">
1952 Cannes Film Festival

The 5th Cannes Film Festival was held from April 23 to May 10, 1952. The Grand Prize of the Festival went to the "Two Cents Worth of Hope" by Renato Castellani and "Othello" by Orson Welles. The festival opened with "An American in Paris" by Vincente Minnelli.
Jury.
The jury at this festival was all French.

</doc>
<doc id="18965386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965386" title="Kirkfield Lift Lock">
Kirkfield Lift Lock

The Kirkfield Lift Lock is a boat lift located in the city of Kawartha Lakes, Ontario, Canada, near the village of Kirkfield. It is designated "Lock 36" of the Trent-Severn Waterway, situated at the highest section of the canal (256.2 m). It is Canada's second lift lock, the other one is the Peterborough Lift Lock, located on the same canal system.
Construction history.
The early years.
Construction of the lock took place between 1900 and 1907. It was contrived by Richard Birdsall Rogers, a Canadian engineer, who adopted the design of the Lifts on the old Canal du Centre in Belgium. The concept of the hydraulic lift lock had never been implemented in the harsher Canadian climate prior to the construction of the Peterborough Lift Lock, also designed by Rogers. The successful completion of the locks was therefore considered a significant technological breakthrough.
Modernization.
During the late 1960s, the Kirkfield Lift Lock underwent a series of renovations. The original manual controls were electrified and automated, enabling all lock operations to be activated from a single console in the new control tower. The water-driven gate engines and pumps were removed, as well as the retaining walls, concrete piers, and the steel aqueduct. The shops and lockmaster's houses built along the canal were also demolished. The lock was reinforced with a massive concrete structure; a new two-lane underpass was constructed underneath. 
Currently, the lock is used exclusively by pleasure boats, like the rest of the canal, becoming obsolete for commercial traffic after the present version of the Welland Canal was completed in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="18965401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965401" title="Superior Township">
Superior Township

Superior Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18965410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965410" title="Neba">
Neba

Neba or NEBA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18965425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965425" title="Lil Jon production discography">
Lil Jon production discography

The following is a production discography of Lil Jon.

</doc>
<doc id="18965432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965432" title="Nishikawa">
Nishikawa

Nishikawa may refer
People.
Nishikawa is a Japanese surname

</doc>
<doc id="18965437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965437" title="Milano (disambiguation)">
Milano (disambiguation)

Milano (in English ‘Milan’) is one of the largest cities in Italy.
Milano may also refer to:
People with the given name Milano:
People with the surname Milano (a name which implies ethnic origin in Milan, Italy):

</doc>
<doc id="18965447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965447" title="Michael Wiley (author)">
Michael Wiley (author)

Michael Wiley writes the award-winning Joe Kozmarski hard-boiled detective mystery series, including the books "The Last Striptease" (2007), "The Bad Kitty Lounge" (2010), and "A Bad Night's Sleep" (2011). The series is set in contemporary Chicago. "The Last Striptease" won the PWA/SMP (Private Eye Writers of America/St. Martin's Press) prize for Best First Novel and was a nominee for a Shamus Award in the same category. "A Bad Night's Sleep" won the Best Hardback Shamus Award in 2012. Wiley's fiction has been praised broadly for reinvigorating the conventions of private detective novels, earning comparisons to Raymond Chandler and Dashiell Hammett along with other practitioners of PI writing. 
Michael Wiley lives in Jacksonville, Florida, and teaches at the University of North Florida. He is also the author of two nonfiction books, "Romantic Geography" and "Romantic Migrations" as well as many articles and book reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="18965450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965450" title="Nojiri">
Nojiri

Nojiri is a word of Japanese origin that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18965493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965493" title="Milanese (surname)">
Milanese (surname)

Milanese is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18965502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965502" title="Sweetwater Township">
Sweetwater Township

Sweetwater Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18965508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965508" title="Culture of Vanuatu">
Culture of Vanuatu

This article presents an overview of the culture of Vanuatu.
Social system and customs.
Vanuatu culture retains a strong diversity through local regional variations and through foreign influence. Vanuatu may be divided into three major cultural regions. In the north, wealth is established by how much one can give away. Pigs, particularly those with rounded tusks, are considered a symbol of wealth throughout Vanuatu. In the centre, more traditional Melanesian cultural systems dominate. In the south, a system involving grants of title with associated privileges has developed.
Young men undergo various coming-of-age ceremonies and rituals to initiate them into manhood, usually including circumcision.
Music.
Traditional music (known in Bislama as "kastom singsing" or "kastom tanis") is still thriving in the rural areas of Vanuatu. Musical instruments consist mostly of idiophones: drums of various shape and size, slit gongs, as well as rattles, among others. In various regions, aerophones, such as whistles or bamboo flutes, are used to be played; membranophones and chordophone were also found in some areas, but have fallen into disuse during colonial times. The large slit gongs which symbolize Vanuatu belong to these traditional instruments; they were most often used as musical drums to accompany certain dances, but also sometimes – though seldom – as a ritual means of communication; although widespread throughout Vanuatu, they are used vertically only in central areas of the archipelago (mainly on Ambrym). "Traditional music" is actually a very general cover term encompassing a wide and complex variety of musical genres known by every local community – in a way very similar to the vague term "classical music" of Western societies.
Another musical genre that has become widely popular during the 20th century in all areas of Vanuatu, is known as "string band" music. It combines guitars, ukulele, and popular songs.
More recently the music of Vanuatu, as an industry, grew rapidly in the 1990s and several bands have forged a distinctive ni-Vanuatu identity. Popular genres of modern commercial music, which are currently being played in town include zouk music and reggaeton. Reggaeton, a variation of hip-hop rapped in Spanish, played alongside its own distinctive beat, is especially played in the local nightclubs of Vanuatu with mostly an audience of Westerners and tourists.
Literature.
There are few prominent ni-Vanuatu authors, but women's rights activist Grace Mera Molisa, who died in 2002, achieved international notability as a very descriptive poet.
Painting.
Sand drawing from Vanuatu is an art form recognised by UNESCO as a Masterpiece of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity.
One of the most important contemporary artists of Vanuatu is Aloi Pilioko who created the impressive colourful relief on the post office in Port Vila. Another remarkable wall painting can be seen on the administration building opposite the market hall in Port Vila.
Sport.
Cricket is a very popular sport in Vanuatu. There are 8,000 registered cricketers. Sport varies depending on the gender of those involved. Volleyball is considered a "girls sport", while males play soccer and rugby union.
Language.
There are three official languages: English, French, and Bislama. Bislama is a pidgin language, and now a creole in urban areas, which essentially combines a typically Melanesian grammar with a mostly English vocabulary. It is the only language that can be understood and spoken by the majority of Vanuatu's population as a second language. In addition 113 indigenous languages are still actively spoken in Vanuatu. The density of languages, per capita, is the highest of any nation in the world with an average of only 2,000 speakers per language. All of these vernacular languages belong to the Oceanic branch of the Austronesian family.
Religion.
Christianity is the predominant religion in Vanuatu, consisting of several denominations. The Presbyterian Church, adhered to by about one third of the population, is the largest of them. Roman Catholic and Anglican are other common denominations, each claiming about 15% of the population. Others are the Seventh-day Adventist Church, the Church of Christ, Neil Thomas Ministries (NTM), as well as many other religious sects and denominations. Because of the modernities that the military in World War II brought with them when they came to the islands, several cargo cults developed. Many died out, but the John Frum cult on Tanna is still large, and has adherents in the parliament. Also on Tanna is the Prince Philip Movement, which reveres the United Kingdom's Prince Philip. Villagers of the Yaohnanen tribe believed in an ancient story about the pale-skinned son of a mountain spirit venturing across the seas to look for a powerful woman to marry. Prince Philip, having visited the island with his new wife Queen Elizabeth, fitted the description exactly and is therefore revered and even held as a god around the isle of Tanna. On the island of Aneityum, the ancient religion consisted in the worship of Natmasses which were spirits represented in stones. Islam in Vanuatu is made up of about 200 converts and growing fast. It was introduced by Hussein Nabanga who converted to Islam while training to be a Christian missionary.
Cuisine.
The cuisine of Vanuatu ("aelan kakae") incorporates fish, root vegetables such as taro and yams, fruits, and vegetables. Most island families grow food in their gardens, and food shortages are rare. Papayas, pineapples, mangoes, plantains, and sweet potatoes are abundant through much of the year. Coconut milk and coconut cream are used to flavor many dishes. Most food is cooked using hot stones or through boiling and steaming; very little food is fried.

</doc>
<doc id="18965543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965543" title="Sylvester Douglas, 1st Baron Glenbervie">
Sylvester Douglas, 1st Baron Glenbervie

Sylvester Douglas, 1st Baron Glenbervie PC, KC, FRS, FSA (24 May 1743 – 2 May 1823) was a British lawyer, politician and diarist. He was Chief Secretary for Ireland between 1793 and 1794.
Background, education and legal career.
Douglas was the son of John Douglas, descended from James Douglas, minister of Glenbervie, son of Sir William Douglas, 9th Earl of Angus and half-brother of William Douglas, 9th Earl of Angus. His mother was Margaret, daughter and co-heir of James Gordon, of Fechel. He was educated at the Universities of Aberdeen and Leyden. He was admitted to Lincoln's Inn in 1771, was called to the Bar in 1776, and became King's Counsel in 1793.
Political career.
The same year he was appointed a King's Counsel Douglas gave up his legal career on his appointment as Chief Secretary for Ireland under William Pitt the Younger. In 1794 he was admitted to both the Irish and English Privy Council and returned to the Irish House of Commons for St Canice, a seat he held until 1796. In 1795 he was elected to the British House of Commons for Fowey. He later represented Midhurst between 1796 and 1800, Plympton Erle between 1801 and 1802 and Hastings between 1802 and 1806.
He was asked to accompany Earl Macartney to the Cape of Good Hope in 1796 and, after 18 months there, to succeed him as governor. His wife did not like the idea and he declined the offer, even though an Irish peerage had also been offered. In 1797 Douglas was made a Lord of the Treasury by Pitt, In 1800 Douglas was asked for a second time to go to the Cape as governor. He finally agreed in October 1800, again for an Irish peerage and was so appointed Governor of the Cape of Good Hope, Douglas changed his mind again and accepted a post as Joint Paymaster of HM Forces, subsequently receiving £2731. 10s. in salary, paid from the Cape Treasury, even though he never went there. At the end of the year he was created Baron Glenbervie, of Kincardine, in the Irish peerage. 
After serving as joint Paymaster of the Forces between 1801 and 1803 and Vice-President of the Board of Trade between 1801 and 1804, he was Surveyor General of Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases between 1803 and 1806 and 1807 and 1810. On the office of the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown being combined with the former in 1810, became the First Commissioner of Woods and Forests, the head of the new department. He held the office until 1814. 
Lord Glenbervie was also Rector of King's College, Aberdeen between 1805 and 1814.
Personal life.
Lord Glenbervie married Lady Catherine Anne, daughter of Frederick North, 2nd Earl of Guilford, in 1789. Their only son Frederick Douglas sat as Member of Parliament for Banbury between 1812 and his early death in 1819. Lady Glenbervie died in February 1817, aged 56. Glenbervie survived her by six years and died in May 1823, aged 79. As he had no surviving male issue the barony became extinct on his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18965552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965552" title="2001 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
2001 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 2001 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the The Ohio State University in the college football season of 2001–2002. It marked their first season under new head coach Jim Tressel. The Buckeyes compiled a 7–5 record, capped by a 26–20 victory over their fierce rival the Michigan Wolverines in Ann Arbor in the regular season finale. The Buckeyes went on to play in the 2002 Outback Bowl in Tampa, Florida, where they lost 31–28 to the South Carolina Gamecocks.
Preseason.
The 2001 Ohio State Buckeyes football season marked a transition from former head coach John Cooper to new head coach Jim Tressel. Tressel was beginning his first season as head coach at the Division 1-A level as the 22nd head coach of the Buckeyes. He came from Youngstown State University where he led the Penguins to four national championships at the Division 1-AA level. The Buckeyes finished the 2000 season with an 8–4 record and Coach Cooper was later fired on January 2, 2001.
Prior to Cooper's firing, the Buckeyes were ranked 23rd in the AP Poll, losing in the 2001 Outback Bowl to the South Carolina Gamecocks by a score of 24–7.

</doc>
<doc id="18965553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965553" title="Meneghin (surname)">
Meneghin (surname)

Meneghin is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18965575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965575" title="Euro Marine Carrier">
Euro Marine Carrier

Euro Marine Carrier B.V. is the short-sea operator in Europe, which specializes in marine transport of automobiles and rolling equipment.
The company is located in Amsterdam, Netherlands. EMC is a privately owned shipping company with three owners: Nissan Motor Car Carrier (51%), Mitsui O.S.K. Lines (24,5%) and Höegh Autoliners (24,5%).
EMC operates 15 vessels(as of December 2008) and two additional vessels will be added in 2010 and 2011.
EMC transported about 700,000 viechles in 2007.
On July 2011, EMC BV transferred its fleet to EML NV after changes of owner shares. The new company acting in the short sea is now named Euro Marine Logistics NV and is based at Meise, Belgium. EML NV is a privately owned shipping company with two owners: Mitsui O.S.K. Lines (50%) and Hoegh Autoliners (50%).
The fleet of EML NV is equivalent to 14 vessels (small, medium and large size PCC - PCTC). EML NV has a wide network in the short sea. 

</doc>
<doc id="18965590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965590" title="Revenge of the Budgie">
Revenge of the Budgie

Revenge of The Budgie is an album released in 1983 by Nick Reynolds and John Stewart, both former members of the Kingston Trio.
This album was later made available as songs 11 through 17, combined with the "Trio Years" cassette in 1993 on a CD by Folk Era, called "Chilly Winds".
Track listing.
All compositions by John Stewart, except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="18965621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965621" title="Motoko Fujimoto">
Motoko Fujimoto


</doc>
<doc id="18965623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965623" title="You Know Me Al">
You Know Me Al

You Know Me Al is a book by Ring Lardner, and subsequently, a nationally-syndicated comic strip which Lardner scripted, drawn by Will B. Johnstone and Dick Dorgan. The book consists of stories were written as letters from a professional baseball player, Jack Keefe, to his friend Al Blanchard in their hometown of Bedford, Indiana.
Lardner was a sportswriter who moved to Chicago in 1907, where he covered the Cubs and White Sox for several city newspapers, most notably the Chicago Tribune. He took his experiences as a baseball writer and worked them into his first published piece of fiction, "A Busher's Letters Home", for the "Saturday Evening Post" in 1914. According to the introduction to the book "Ring Around the Bases: the Complete Baseball Stories of Ring Lardner", edited by Matthew J. Bruccoli, the Post published nine of Lardner's baseball stories in 1914, six of which comprised "You Know Me Al", published by Scribners in 1916.
According to Bruccoli, "Despite the magazine exposure of Lardner's magazine stories – the "Saturday Evening Post" had a weekly circulation of 2,000,000 copies when he wrote for it – he did not reach a large book readership. "You Know Me Al" required just one printing in 1916 and was not reprinted until 1925 as part of the Scribners program of launching Lardner as a serious writer." (ibid)
Lardner published a total of 25 "busher" stories, featuring Keefe's fictional letters to Al, between 1914 and 1919 in the Post. According to Bruccoli, "the Post and its readers wanted all the Busher stories that Lardner could deliver. More than he wanted to write, for he tired of the character and the requirements of the epistolary form ... After he stopped writing about Keefe, Lardner reluctantly provided continuity for a syndicated "You Know Me Al" comic strip from 1922 to 1925," (ibid) distributed by the Bell Syndicate, for which Lardner was also working as a writer.
Lardner scripted continuity for over 700 of the syndicated "You Know Me Al" strips, but, as with his "Busher" stories, he soon grew tired of it, and quit writing continuity in January 1925. According to Richard Layman's introduction to the Harvest collection of strips, Lardner continued to receive credit on the strip until September 1925, "but it is clear he worked ahead very little and after the first of February the ideas are someone else's." (ibid)

</doc>
<doc id="18965632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965632" title="1935 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1935 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship 1935 was the 49th series of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, Ireland's premier hurling knock-out competition. Kilkenny won the championship, beating Limerick 2-5 to 2-4 in the final.
Teams.
A total of thirteen teams contested the championship.
The Leinster championship was once again contested by the seven strongest hurling teams in the province. The Munster championship was contested by the five strongest hurling teams as Kerry did not field a team.
Galway, who had faced no competition in the Connacht championship since 1923, once again received a bye to the All-Ireland semi-final. There were no representatives from the Ulster championship in the All-Ireland series of games.
Format.
Leinster Championship
"First round:" (1 match) This was a single match between the first two teams drawn from the province of Leinster. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the quarter-finals.
"Quarter-finals:" (2 matches) The winners of the lone quarter-final joined three remaining Leinster teams to make up the quarter-final pairings. Two teams were eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advanced to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winners of the two quarter-finals joined the two remaining Leinster teams to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams were eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advanced to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contested this game. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the All-Ireland semi-final.
Munster Championship
"Quarter-final:" (1 match) This was a single match between the first two teams drawn from the province of Munster. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the semi-finals.
"Semi-finals:" (2 matches) The winners of the lone quarter-final joined the three remaining Munster teams to make up the semi-final pairings. Two teams were eliminated at this stage while the two winning teams advanced to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the two semi-finals contested this game. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the All-Ireland final.
All-Ireland Championship
"Semi-final:" (1 match) The winners of the Leinster championship were drawn to play Galway, who received a bye to this stage of the championship. One team was eliminated at this stage while the winning team advanced to the final.
"Final:" (1 match) The winners of the lone semi-final and the Munster champions contested this game with the winners being declared All-Ireland champions.

</doc>
<doc id="18965638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965638" title="Alex Menzies (footballer born 1882)">
Alex Menzies (footballer born 1882)

Alexander William "Alex" Menzies (born 25 November 1882) was a Scottish footballer who played as a forward for Hearts and Manchester United in the 1900s decade.
Born in Blantyre, South Lanarkshire, Menzies began his football career with Blantyre Victoria in 1901. He signed for Hearts in December 1902, making two appearances for the club before being sent on loan to Motherwell. He signed for Arthurlie in August 1904, but returned to Hearts after just one season. Eighteen months later, in November 1906, Menzies was sold to Manchester United. He played for Manchester United until the end of the 1906–07 season, making just 25 appearances and scoring four goals, before being sold to Luton Town.
Menzies made just one appearance for Scotland, a 2–1 win over England in April 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="18965652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965652" title="Simon (computer)">
Simon (computer)

Simon was the name given to the first "personal computer" of history, a project developed by Edmund Berkeley and presented in a thirteen articles series issued in "Radio-Electronics" magazine, from October 1950. Although there were far more advanced machines at the time of its construction, the Simon represented the first experience of building an automatic simple digital computer, for educational purposes. In 1950, it was sold for US$600.
History.
The "Simon project" arose as a result of the Berkeley's book "Giant Brains, or Machines That Think", published in November 1949. There, the author said:
In November 1950, Berkeley wrote an article entitled "Simple Simon" for "Scientific American" magazine, which was a description of the digital computing principles for the general public. Despite Simon's extreme lack of resources (it was able to represent only the numbers 0, 1, 2 and 3), Berkeley stated on page 40 that the machine ""possessed the two unique properties that define any true mechanical brain: it can transfer information automatically from any one of its "registers" to any other, and it can perform reasoning operations of indefinite length"". Berkeley concluded his article anticipating the future:
Technical specifications.
The Simon's architecture was based on relays. The programs were run from a standard paper tape with five rows of holes for data. The registers and ALU could store only 2 bits. The data entry was made through the punched paper or by five keys on the front panel of the machine. The output was provided by five lamps.
The punched tape served not only for data entry, but also as a memory for the machine. The instructions were carried out in sequence, as they were read from the tape. The machine was able to perform four operations: addition, negation, greater than, and selection.

</doc>
<doc id="18965683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965683" title="Renato Castellani">
Renato Castellani

Renato Castellani (4 September 1913 in Finale Ligure, Liguria - 28 December 1985 in Rome) was an Italian film director and screenwriter.

</doc>
<doc id="18965685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965685" title="Henry S. Huidekoper">
Henry S. Huidekoper

Henry Shippen Huidekoper (July 17, 1839 – November 9, 1918) was a general from Pennsylvania in Union Army who received the United States military's highest decorations for bravery, the Medal of Honor, for his actions during the American Civil War.
After graduating from Harvard, he accepted a commission as an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War. While fighting in the Battle of Gettysburg, he was wounded twice and had to have his arm amputated due to the wounds. For his actions during this battle, he was presented with the Medal of Honor. He attempted to rejoin the war, but was forced to resign due to his injuries, and accepted an appointment as a major general in the Pennsylvania National Guard instead.
In 1877 Huidekoper was sent to help put an end to a severe railroad strike in Pennsylvania. He accepted a job as the postmaster of Philadelphia and worked for a few years in the telephone industry before becoming an overseer at Harvard College. He died in 1918 and is buried in Meadville, Pennsylvania.
Family and education.
Huidekoper was born in Meadville, Pennsylvania on July 17, 1839, the son of Edgar Huidekoper and Frances (Shippen) Huidekoper and the grandson of Harm Jan Huidekoper (the founder of Meadville Theological School). He received his A.B. from Harvard College in 1862, and received his M.A. from the same college in 1872. In 1864 Huidekoper married his cousin, Emma Gertrude Evans, the daughter of Thomas Wallis Evans and Anne De Costa Yard Evans of Germantown, Philadelphia. They had one daughter, Gertrude, born in 1865, who later married Professor Munroe Smith of Columbia University, and one son, Thomas, born in 1870. His great-great-granddaughter is Meg Whitman, former CEO of eBay and candidate for Governor of California.
Civil War and National Guard.
After graduating from Harvard, Huidekoper served in the American Civil War as captain, lieutenant-colonel, and colonel with the 150th Pennsylvania Infantry. On July 1, 1863, while in command of his regiment at the Battle of Gettysburg, he was wounded twice, losing his right arm. He later received the Medal of Honor as a result of the action that day. According to the citation, "while engaged in repelling an attack of the enemy, received a severe wound of the right arm, but instead of retiring remained at the front in command of the regiment."
Huidekoper returned to service in September 1863 but because of the severity of his wounds, he was compelled to resign from the army in 1864 at Culpeper, Virginia. He was appointed major general in the Pennsylvania National Guard by Governor John W. Geary in 1870. He helped suppress the Great Railroad Strike of 1877 under Governor John F. Hartranft, "solving at Scranton a question between the civil and military powers with such tact and firmness as to establish himself strongly in the confidence of the governor and the people."
Later career.
Upon reorganization of the National Guard, with Governor Hartranft as the major general, Huidekoper was appointed the senior brigadier general in the Guard. In 1879, he compiled and published a Manual of Service, which became an accepted authority on military matters. From 1880 to 1886, he was postmaster of Philadelphia, where he was credited with having organized and carried through the ounce measure for letters, instead of the former half ounce. Afterward he was employed by the Metropolitan Telephone and Telegraph Company from 1886 to 1887, and by the Bell Telephone Company from 1887 to 1913.
From 1898 to 1910, Huidekoper served as one of the overseers of Harvard College. He died November 9, 1918 in a Philadelphia hospital and was buried at Greendale Cemetery, Meadville, Pennsylvania. His grave can be found in the mausoleum in section 2, lot 5.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and organization: Lieutenant Colonel, 150th Pennsylvania Infantry. Place and date: At Gettysburg, Pa., 1 July 1863. Entered service at: Philadelphia, Pa. Born: 17 July 1839, Meadville, Pa. Date of issue: 27 May 1905.
Citation:
While engaged in repelling an attack of the enemy, received a severe wound of the right arm, but instead of retiring remained at the front in command of the regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="18965689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965689" title="Thomas Moss (minister)">
Thomas Moss (minister)

Thomas Moss (1740–1808) was minister of Brierley Hill, and of Trentham, in Staffordshire. In 1769, he anonymously published a collection of miscellaneous poems, forming a thin quarto, which he
had printed at Wolverhampton. One piece was copied by Robert Dodsley into his "Annual Register", and from thence was transferred (different persons being assigned as the author) into almost every periodical and collection of fugitive verses of the day. This poem is entitled "The Beggar" (sometimes called "The
Beggar's Petition"), and contains much pathetic and natural sentiment finely expressed. Moss published another noted poem in 1783, titled "The Imperfection of Human Enjoyment".

</doc>
<doc id="18965695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965695" title="15 cm Mörser M 80">
15 cm Mörser M 80

The 15 cm Mörser M 80 was a heavy howitzer used by Austria-Hungary in World War I. It had a bronze barrel and was intended for siege work, although it had carriages suitable for both field and siege duties. The siege carriage was a steel sledge-type and was equipped with a hydraulic braking device to help absorb the recoil forces. Two wheels could be attached to the front of the carriage and a limber attached to the rear for transport. The field carriage relied on chock blocks and a rope brake device to absorb the gun's recoil. 
The howitzer could only be loaded at low elevations.

</doc>
<doc id="18965700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965700" title="1936 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1936 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The 1936 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was the 50th staging of the All-Ireland hurling championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1887. The championship began on 26 April 1936 and ended on 6 September 1936.
Kilkenny entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated by Limerick in the All-Ireland final on a score line of 5–6 to 1–5 victory.
Teams.
A total of thirteen teams contested the championship, however, there were some changes from the 1935 championship. Wexford declined to field a team in Leinster, while in Munster Kerry reentered the championship after a long absence.

</doc>
<doc id="18965706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965706" title="Hyde House">
Hyde House

Hyde House may refer to:
in the United Kingdom "(by county)"
in the United States "(by state then city)"

</doc>
<doc id="18965762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965762" title="Rose and Crown Tavern">
Rose and Crown Tavern

The Rose and Crown Tavern was a farmhouse and tavern located in New Dorp, Staten Island.
History.
The tavern was built by Huguenot immigrants in 1665.
In 1776, General William Howe, with his aides-de-camp and 30,000 British and Hessian soldiers, was encamped on Staten Island awaiting orders to invade New York City. During that time, the tavern became the local British headquarters. On July 9, 1776, General Howe read the United States Declaration of Independence to his troops at this tavern.
The building itself was demolished in 1854.
In 1921, the Richmond County Charter of the Daughters of the American Revolution erected a stone marker at the approximate location of the tavern to signify that the tavern once stood there. The marker is located at the corner of New Dorp Lane and Richmond Road.

</doc>
<doc id="18965791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965791" title="Ojime">
Ojime


</doc>
<doc id="18965794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965794" title="1950 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1950 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship of 1950 was the 64th edition of Ireland’s premier hurling knockout competition. The championship ran from May to September of that year, culminating with the All-Ireland final, held at Croke Park, Dublin on 3 September. The match was contested by Tipperary and Kilkenny, with Tipperary taking the title by 1-9 to 1-8. It was the second of three All-Ireland titles in-a-row for Tipperary.
Format.
The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was run on a provincial basis as usual. All games were played on a knockout basis whereby once a team lost they were eliminated from the championship. The format for the All-Ireland series of games ran as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="18965827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965827" title="Juan D'Greck">
Juan D'Greck

Juan D'Greck was born in Colombia in 1941. He studied Fine Arts at the University of Caldas in Manizales, where he earned a scholarship to attend the School of Plastic Arts in National University of Colombia, from which he graduated in 1961.
A true artist by nature, D'Greck has lived for and by his art since the 1960s, although in his early years he experienced with television scenography, ran an art gallery in Bogotá, and taught at the University of Caldas.
Following the advise of a respected art critic, the young Juan D'Greck left the bustling art scene of Bogotá and went back to the mountains to find his inner self. There, during 30 years of living in communion with nature, and experimenting with every possible element, he mastered over 140 art techniques—including two of his own.
The artist’s life in isolation would only be interrupted by grandiose projects, like a mural he made for the University of Caldas in 30 days, by working 20 hours a day, in 1970; or a 20 piece exhibition predicting the destruction of the Andean town of Armero in 1984, which indeed occurred a year later, when the Nevado del Ruiz volcano erupted after 150 years of inactivity; or moving back to Bogotá to set a record by creating the world largest painting on canvas, measuring , in 1994.
D'Greck seized the momentum and stayed in Bogotá for nine years, showing the results of his three decades of investigation in the mountains through several exhibitions throughout Colombia and the United States. In 2003, the artist went back to his element, moving his studio to a ranch in the Cauca Valley, nestled between rivers and mountains, from where he continues to share his art with the world.
About his work, D'Greck says ""Since the 1960s, my work has been mainly abstract. I consider it to be the best medium to generate individual sensations through the energy we all carry inside. I use the intensity of color as the trigger that activates the machine of ideas within every human being; a machine limited only by our spiritual, cultural and physical conditions"".
D'Greck has mastered and created over 140 art techniques throughout his career of 45 years. He combines several elements, including natural stones and bronze, to create a stunning work that is unique to the Colombian artist.
""I'm an artist who makes art without prejudges, without dogmatic ties, I just use myths as a reference for my own creations"" - "Juan D'Greck (1998)."

</doc>
<doc id="18965841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965841" title="Jean Burden">
Jean Burden

Jean Burden (September 1, 1914 – April 21, 2008) was an American poet, essayist, and author. She was the poetry editor for "Yankee" magazine for nearly fifty years.
Biography.
Born in Waukegan, Illinois, Jean Prussing Burden was an only child. She graduated from the University of Chicago in 1936, and she and her husband David were married from 1940-1949. She died at home in Altadena, California in April 2008.
Career.
During her career she served as West Coast editor of "Faith Today" and for nearly fifty years (1955–2002) was the poetry editor of "Yankee Magazine". She published numerous books of poetry and essays, and her work appeared in many national magazines including "Poetry", "Atlantic", "American Scholar", "Trace", "Saturday Review", "Virginia Quarterly Review", "Better Homes and Gardens", "Mademoiselle", "Prairie Schooner", and "Southern Review". She taught both privately and in workshops.
She also published six best-selling books on animal welfare and pet care, served as administrative officer for the Meals for Millions Foundation in Los Angeles, California from 1956–1965, and did freelance public relations work.
Honors and awards.
Burden was a three-time MacDowell Colony fellow and was named Poet Laureate of Altadena. In 1986 California State University established the Jean Burden Annual Poetry Series to honor her for her contributions as a poet, essayist, anthologist, teacher and editor, and for her long-standing support of poetry at the university. The series features a reading by a noted poet each year and has included Pulitzer Prize winners as well as Poet Laureate from England and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18965848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965848" title="2003 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
2003 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 2003 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held September 10–14, 2003 in Gainesville, Georgia, United States at Lake Lanier. Located north of Atlanta, this was also where the canoe sprint and rowing events for the 1996 Summer Olympics took place.
The men's competition consisted of nine Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Women competed in nine events, all in kayak.
This was the 33rd championships in canoe sprint.
Doping controversy.
Sergey Ulegin of Russia won two golds (C-4 200 m, C-4 500 m) and one silver (C-2 500 m), but was stripped of those medals when he tested positive for doping. His teammates in the C-2 500 m (Aleksandr Kostoglod), C-4 200 m (Kostoglod, Roman Kruglyakov, and Maxim Opalev), and C-4 500 m (Kostoglod, Kruglyakov, and Opalev) events also lost their medals as a result of Ulegin's positive test. Ulegin received a two-year suspension.

</doc>
<doc id="18965849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965849" title="Mazoon al-Mashani">
Mazoon al-Mashani

Princess Mazoon bint Ahmed Ali al-Maashani () (? - 12 August 1992) was the second wife of Sultan Said bin Taimur and the mother of Sultan Qaboos bin Said Al Said, the current ruler of the Sultanate of Oman.
Biography.
Princess Mazoon was born in the 1920s in Eastern Dhofar, the southern province of Oman. She was the daughter of Sheikh Ahmed Ali Al-Maashani, the leader of the powerful Bait al-Maashani tribe. She was a "Jebbali", thus a member of a mountain tribe. In 1936, she became the second wife of Sultan Said. She was from the same tribe and a cousin of his first wife. The wedding ceremony was not without complications. The wedding was interrupted because the Maashani tribe was of the opinion that the bride price was not high enough. Therefore they kidnapped the fiancée of the Sultans and carried her back into the mountains. Thereupon the Bait Tabook tribe, a tribe of the coastal plain around the province capital Salalah, mounted a pursuit. They succeeded in stopping the kidnappers and forcing them to return to Salalah. The wedding was celebrated with the usual rejoicing and on 18 November 1940, Mazoon gave birth to the Sultan's only son Qabus, the later Sultan and successor of her husband. Of her life little is known, except that Sultan Qabus was cordially connected with his mother throughout his life. She died in 1992 from her long lasting diabetes. Sultan Qabus buried her in her homeland region in Taqah in the cemetery near the mosque. She was not only popular in her home province, but throughout the entire country. Therefore on the occasion of her death a three-day-long state mourning was declared.

</doc>
<doc id="18965872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965872" title="Oreini">
Oreini

Oreini may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18965892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965892" title="Lymelife">
Lymelife

Lymelife is a 2008 independent comedy-drama film written by brothers Derick Martini and Steven Martini, and directed by Derick Martini, depicting aspects of their life in 1970s Long Island from the perspective of a teenager. The film stars Alec Baldwin, Rory Culkin, and Emma Roberts. Martin Scorsese served as an executive producer.
The film debuted at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival, in September 2008 and won the International Federation of Film Critics Award (FIPRESCI). After its theatrical release in 2009, writer director Derick Martini was nominated for a Gotham Award for Breakthrough Director.
Plot.
Set in 1979 Syosset, Long Island, New York, "Lymelife" follows two families, the Bartletts and the Braggs, who crumble when tangled relationships, real estate problems, and Lyme disease converge in the heart of suburbia. 15-year-old Scott Bartlett is a gentle boy, radically different from his blustery father Mickey and mother Brenda. An outbreak of Lyme disease, as well as the accompanying paranoia, hits their community hard.
When the Bartlett's neighbor, Charlie Bragg, is diagnosed with the illness, Charlie is unable to work and his wife Melissa must keep the income flowing herself. She is hired by Mickey, a friendly favor motivated by lust. Mickey's history of philandering is one of the many things upsetting Brenda. Scott has been in love with the Braggs' one year-older daughter Adrianna for all his life; she is starting to return his interest.
Charlie spends days hiding in his basement, while his wife believes he is in Manhattan on job interviews. He is obsessed with hunting deer. Scott and Charlie have a good relationship, one of the only ones Charlie is able to maintain throughout his illness. Things heat up when Jimmy, Scott's older brother, comes home from the army on their mom's birthday. Brenda leaves early from Jimmy's going-away party when it is clear that there is a relationship between Mickey and Melissa. Jimmy and Mickey have a confrontation.
Scott learns of the affair and confronts his mother. Adrianna helps him through this, but shuns him after a rumor spread from a lie he tells a friend. Brenda kicks Mickey out of the house and is once again able to act the role of an effective parent. Charlie also confronts Mickey after he inadvertently witnesses the affair; when his wife finds out that he has been letting her earn the family's keep, she packs to leave. Scott and Adrianna reconnect and lose their virginity to each other. Brenda and Mickey also reconcile that night.
The movie ends with a gunshot, revealing that Charlie shot Mickey.
Production.
Development.
The story of "Lymelife" is based on Steven and Derick's childhood in the New York suburbs of Long Island. After the incidents of the film, Steven moved from Long Island back into his birthplace of New York City, where he attended the Professional Children's School with the Culkin brothers Macaulay and Kieran, with Kieran and his younger brother Rory Culkin going on to portray the Martini brothers in this film. It was during this period that Steven met his first true love, Adrianna, whose father had Lyme disease. This relationship is the basis of the love story between Rory Culkin and Emma Roberts in the film.
Budget.
In early 2005, the film was plagued with insufficient funds and was shut down on the eve of principal photography. The funds to make the film were not raised until 2008. Despite the 3-year hiatus, nearly the entire original cast made time in their schedules to participate in the film. The total budget for the film was $1.5 million. The shooting schedule was a scant 22 days, made only more difficult to complete due to the director's insistence on using older, larger and heavier anamorphic lenses.
Casting.
The role of Mickey Bartlett was written specifically for Alec Baldwin, despite the fact that neither of the Martini brothers had any connection to Baldwin. Martini is frequently quoted as having seen a younger Baldwin's portrayal of Stanley Kowalski on Broadway in "A Streetcar Named Desire", and it being an "eye opening" experience for him. Jill Hennessey was offered the role of Brenda Bartlett after Jennifer Jason Leigh left the film and her replacement, Anne Heche, insisted on wearing a wig. Martini chose to circumvent the conventional casting process, specifically "cold readings", and instead cast the actors based on viewing their previous work. Emma Roberts was the only main actor who wanted to audition for the director despite not having to.
Shooting locations.
Portions of the film were shot at Montclair High School in Montclair, New Jersey. Other locations were nearby, also in New Jersey.
Release.
Critical reception.
The film premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival and won the International Federation of Film Critics award (FIPRESCI). It landed on several of 2009's critic's "Top Ten Lists" and was praised for its performances and directorial style, but criticized for its story's familiarity. The film received a 63% "fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes; the consensus states: ""Lymelife" features sharp performances, but the story lacks the emotional depth or focus worthy of its talented cast."
Box office.
The film began its North American theatrical release in April 2009. Initially, "Lymelife" was only shown on screens in New York and Los Angeles, but eventually expanded to screens in almost every major and minor U.S city. Foreign release was more fruitful, opening on screens in nearly every major foreign territory, which is rare for a smaller American independent. The film grossed $421,307 in the United States and an additional $1,104,938 internationally for a total worldwide gross of $1,526,245. DVD, VOD and Cable sales brought the film's gross up to $4,526,245, more than doubling its production budget

</doc>
<doc id="18965893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965893" title="Kenneth Rowntree">
Kenneth Rowntree

Kenneth Rowntree (14 March 1915 - 21 February 1997) was a British artist.
A Quaker, he was a conscientious objector during the Second World War. He worked for the War Artists' Advisory Committee.
He was one of the Great Bardfield Artists.
In 2009 his studio was sold at auction in Newcastle. The Catalogue, which was written and researched by Steven Moore, included an introduction by Rowntree's friend and colleague John Milner.
Rowntree died 21 February 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18965919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965919" title="Jillian (I'd Give My Heart)">
Jillian (I'd Give My Heart)

"Jillian (I'd Give My Heart)" is a song written by Sharon den Adel, Robert Westerholt and Martijn Spierenburg for the album "The Silent Force" (2004). It was used to promote Within Temptation's live DVD "The Silent Force Tour" (2005).
Music video.
The video for this single contains footage of Within Temptation's "The Silent Force Tour" DVD. Most of it is from their performance at Java Island, Amsterdam, but it also contains backstage footage from the Silent Force Tour. This song was originally written for Jillian Marie.
Formats and track listings.
"Jillian (I'd Give My Heart)" was not officially released on a single. These are the formats and track listings of the promo release of "Jillian (I'd Give My Heart)".
Promo single
Notes.
Besides appearances on "The Silent Force" and "The Silent Force Tour", a live version of "Jillian (I'd Give My Heart)" is the second track of Within Temptation's "Black Symphony" release: It is the first song of the concert in Ahoy, Rotterdam played by both Within Temptation and the Metropole Orchestra. For some other concerts from "The Heart of Everything" Tour, it was the opening track, merged with "The Silent Force" Intro. Moreover, the song is among the most frequently played live songs by the band since the release of "The Silent Force". It is also the introductory theme song for the Showtime original series "The Borgias". 
The "Jillian (I'd Give My Heart)" song is about the "Deverry Cycle" fantasy novel series by Katharine Kerr set in the fictional land of Deverry.

</doc>
<doc id="18965933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965933" title="The Christopher House">
The Christopher House

The Christopher House is an outstanding example of a provincial pre-Revolutionary War vernacular farmhouse of stone masonry. It is associated with two of the oldest Staten Island families. It was also used as a meeting place during the American Revolution, while being the residence of Joseph Christopher, a member of the Richmond County Committee of Safety from 1775-1776. It was moved to Historic Richmond Town the Autumn of 1969 and restored for museum presentation from 1975-1977.
Construction.
According to reporting by the Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1967, the original section was built in 1756, and a section twice that size believed to be added about 1764. Current Historic Richmond Town institutional belief, based on extensive research by Loring McMillen places those dates earlier to circa 1720 for the original portion, with the addition from circa 1730.
The structure is built in the Colonial salt-box tradition and was originally situated in the section of Staten Island now called Willowbrook. While there, it then stood on the brink of the treacherous marshes that covered a great portion of the Island, known as the great swamp.
The building consists of two sections with 22-inch thick native fieldstone walls with wood above. It is one and one-half stories tall with a low cellar and gable roof
Original Location.
The structure was originally located, roughly, at the street address of 819 Willowbrook Road, Staten Island. The proximity of the homestead on its original property to the Groad Swamp of those days offered opportunities for escape, in case of surprise, for those who attended the clandestine meetings held in this house during the Revolutionary War.
Museum Interpretation.
Current interpretive use of this building at Historic Richmond Town demonstrates daily farm life from the mid-to late-18th century. The house is furnished primarily for cooking demonstrations at this time, making use of a restored jamb less fireplace.
Inhabitants and Their Occupations.
John Christopher (believed to have build the house but may not have been a resident), Farmer?
Col. Thomas Dongan, (grand-nephew of Governor Thomas Dongan, (1745-1757) 
Nelly Haughwout (by 1761)
Joseph Christopher Sr. (by 24 May 1764)
Joseph Christopher Jr. (23 April 1825), Farmer/Cooper-Woodworker
David Decker (4 September 1827)
Thomas Standring (19 October 1852 – 15 February 1858), Hardware & Comb Manufacturer
Samuel Stansring (before 1962), Hardware & Comb Manufacturer
Mrs. Eugene C. Egan (before 1962)
Staten Island Historical Society (17 May 1969)
Call for Preservation.
On September 13, 1966, the Landmarks Preservation Commission held a public hearing on the proposed designation as a Landmark of the Christopher House and the proposed designation of the related Landmark Site. The hearing had been duly advertised in accordance with the provisions of the law. Two witnesses spoke in favor of designation, there were no speakers in opposition. The owner of the property indicated to the Commission that he is in favor of the proposed designation. 
The building was granted NYC Landmark status on 13th, December 1967.
In early 1969 the History Committee sent a letter to Senator John Marchi asking for support to preserve the Christopher House. There was also a petition presented showing community support for the preservation of the house.
The community signed the petition, stating:

</doc>
<doc id="18965941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965941" title="Data over signalling">
Data over signalling

In telecommunications, data over signalling, or DoS, a technique in which primary data is sent over a signalling channel instead of the subscriber's bearer channel.
Background.
Data over signalling was designed as a solution to the problem of transceiving simultaneous voice and data.
Data over signalling can be utilized when the signalling channel is either channel associated or common. However, it is easier to implement when the signalling channel is channel associated, as the system does not have to demultiplex the data and signalling between multiple subscribers.
DoS was designed so that mobile telephony subscribers could maintain a voice session on their bearer channel while still accessing data related services, such as text messaging.

</doc>
<doc id="18965948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965948" title="VidZone">
VidZone

VidZone is one of the largest online music video VOD services in the world, operated by London-based company VidZone Digital Media and Sony Computer Entertainment. The online service provides free streaming of music videos from the VidZone.tv website, in addition to music distribution through a number of mobile networks worldwide. The VidZone catalogue encompasses over 1.5 million tracks, 45,000 music videos and 15,000 realtones, including full access to catalogues from the Universal Music Group, Warner Music,Sony Music and EMI.
VidZone’s service was extended to the PlayStation 3 video game system in some PAL territories (UK, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Australia and Ireland) on 11 June 2009, allowing users to watch music videos on their PS3 or streamed to their PSP via Remote Play. The service was expanded by 11 countries: Belgium, The Netherlands, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Norway, Luxembourg, Austria, Switzerland, Portugal and New Zealand, during November and December 2009. The service launched in the United States on 16 July 2013.
Initially, the music videos were from artists signed either on Sony Music or the Universal Music Group. On 16 August 2010, VidZone announced they now have a licensing agreement with the former EMI Music company. On 20th June 2013, Warner Music music videos were added to the service, meaning that VidZone has music videos from all three of the major music record labels. There are currently over 55,000 videos on the service.
Just over 8 weeks after launch the VidZone application reached one million in download figures and 100 million video streams while playing host to numerous video exclusives including:
On the 12 October 2009, VidZone announced that 1.5 million people have used the service. On 31 December 2009 it was announced that VidZone had become the biggest dedicated music video streaming application in the world having been downloaded 2 million times, and streamed 200 million videos. 
On 22 April 2010, VidZone announced they are to launch VidZone TV on PS3, which includes 100 'channels' of pre-loaded music videos, behind-the-scenes videos and live concert footage.
Vidzone 2.0.
On 9 November 2011 Vidzone was updated to version 2.0 which greatly enhanced a number of features of the service.
The UI was completely overhauled to include a new "Zones" functionality, whereby users select a "Zone" for the genre of music they wish to listen to in order to quickly find all music of that type. This includes the "MyZone" section, where users save playlists. A new recommendation engine was also added, as well as social integration with Facebook and PSN as a whole.

</doc>
<doc id="18965963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965963" title="1949 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship">
1949 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship of 1949 was the 63rd edition of Ireland’s premier hurling knockout competition. The championship ran from May to September of that year, culminating with the All-Ireland final, held at Croke Park, Dublin on 4 September. The match was contested by Tipperary and Laois, with Tipperary taking the title by 3-11 to 0-3. It was the first of three All-Ireland titles in-a-row for Tipperary.

</doc>
<doc id="18965965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965965" title="Faulknor">
Faulknor

Faulknor may refer to:
In people:
In ships:

</doc>
<doc id="18965982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18965982" title="Love Me and the World Is Mine">
Love Me and the World Is Mine

Love Me and the World Is Mine (1928) is an American romantic film directed by Ewald André Dupont and released by Universal Pictures. This film is unknown to survive and might be a lost film.
Plot.
Hannerl (Philbin) is a young woman growing up in Old Vienna. She falls in love with two men: A young army officer who can provide her love and security and an old wealthy man who can provide her a high-class life. She doesn't know who she wants to spend her life with, but must make her decision.

</doc>
<doc id="18966079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966079" title="Chris Kraus (director)">
Chris Kraus (director)

Chris Kraus (actually Christopher J. Kraus), born 1963 in Göttingen, is a German author and film director.
Life and work.
Chris Kraus was employed as a journalist and illustrator before attending the Deutsche Film- und Fernsehakademie Berlin from 1991–98, where he studied film directing. Beginning in 1994, he worked as a dramatic advisor and screenplay writer for directors Volker Schlöndorff, Rosa von Praunheim, and Detlev Buck, among others.
In 2002 his first novel was published, titled "Scherbentanz" ("Shattered Glass"). He then also made a film based on this book, with the help of Margit Carstensen and Jürgen Vogel. The story has to do with the relationship between a young man who suffers from Leukemia and his mother, who herself suffers with alcoholism. In 2006 Kraus made his second feature film, "Four Minutes", starring Monica Bleibtreu, Hannah Herzsprung and Nadja Uhl. Even before its official premiere in February, 2007, this film gained a great deal of attention at international film festivals. Its story centers on a musically talented young woman serving time in prison for murder.
Chris Kraus lives in Berlin, and gives regular academic lectures on filmmaking.

</doc>
<doc id="18966100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966100" title="Desmocollin">
Desmocollin

Desmocollin is a type of cadherin.
Specifically, it can refer to one of the following human genes :

</doc>
<doc id="18966103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966103" title="Chris Faller">
Chris Faller

Chris Faller (born 1 May 1985 in Buffalo, NY) is the bassist of The Hush Sound. Faller provides vocals as well, along with bandmates Greta Salpeter, Robert Morris, and Darren Wilson. Faller joined the band last after much persuasion from drummer Darren Wilson, and since then The Hush Sound has been signed by Fueled By Ramen. Faller and The Hush Sound released a new album, titled "Goodbye Blues".
In October 2008 Faller left the band to pursue other musical interests. In July 2009, while The Hush Sound was still on hiatus, Faller joined the band Family Order as a bassist. Chris is currently back with the Hush Sound on a brief tour around the United States, as well as writing new songs for a possible EP or album release in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18966111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966111" title="Simon Poelman">
Simon Poelman

 
Simon Poelman (born 27 May 1963) is a former New Zealand decathlete, who has been described as New Zealand's best ever all-round athlete. His personal best of 8359 points (which is adjusted from 8366 points as it was hand timed) is still a New Zealand national record. This was set at the national athletics championships in Christchurch 1987. As well as being the national decathlon champion seven times. He was also the New Zealand senior men's national champion in several individual events including the 100m (once), 110m hurdles (seven times), long jump (twice), pole vault (three times), and shot put (once).
He won the bronze medal at the 1986 Commonwealth games in Edinburgh and at the 1990 Commonwealth games he won both the silver medal for decathlon and bronze in the pole vault. At the time of the Seoul Olympics he was ranked fourth in the world at decathlon, but had a bad start when a series of false starts led to a slow 100m time in his heat, and he finished in 16th place on 8021 points.
In 1998, Poelman was convicted of importing ecstasy tablets with a value of $NZ200,000 and sentenced to 3 years in prison. He initially denied the charges but later confessed.
Poelman returned to competitive athletics in 2004, setting a world age-group record, breaking a 23 year world record, for the decathlon.
He was awarded the New Zealand 1990 Commemoration Medal

</doc>
<doc id="18966126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966126" title="Zion Episcopal Church (Palmyra, New York)">
Zion Episcopal Church (Palmyra, New York)

Zion Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church in Palmyra, Wayne County, New York. It was designed in a Late Gothic Revival style by Emlyn T. Littel and was built in 1872. It is built of Medina sandstone with limestone trim. Its roof features polychrome slate shingles. 
It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1996. In 2009, it was included in the Palmyra Village Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="18966130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966130" title="Eparchy of Santa María del Patrocinio en Buenos Aires">
Eparchy of Santa María del Patrocinio en Buenos Aires

The Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Santa María del Patrocinio en Buenos Aires () is a diocese located in the city of Buenos Aires in the Ecclesiastical province of Buenos Aires in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="18966137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966137" title="Niles Bolton Associates">
Niles Bolton Associates

Niles Bolton Associates is a US-based design firm providing architecture, planning, landscape architecture and interior design services. The company is based in Atlanta, Georgia, with offices in Alexandria, Virginia and San Jose, California. The company was founded by G. Niles Bolton in 1975 in Atlanta. Niles Bolton Associates provides services for the residential, commercial, retail, transportation and urban design markets.

</doc>
<doc id="18966145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966145" title="Origin of the Gupta dynasty">
Origin of the Gupta dynasty

The history of the Gupta dynasty () begins with its founding by Sri-Gupta around 240 CE, although dates are not well established. The empire covered most of Northern India and Eastern Pakistan, parts of Gujarat and Rajasthan and what is now eastern India and Bangladesh. The capital of the Guptas was Pataliputra, present day Patna, in the Indian state of Bihar.
When the Gupta dynasty ascended the throne around 320 CE, continuing until 550 CE, they consolidated northern India by subjugating the local and provincial powers that had become independent after the downfall of the Kushans. The period during the Gupta Empire is referred to as the Golden Age of India, embracing art, architecture, literature, sculpture and education.
Ancestry of the Guptas.
According to many historians Gupta dynasty was a "Vaishya" dynasty, according to historian, Ram Sharan Sharma, Guptas were a "Vaishya" dynasty, "who may have appeared as a reaction against oppressive rulers, Now their community Gahoi Vaishya live in their main ancient province Bundelkhand". A.S. Altekar, a historian and archaeologist, who has written several books on Gupta coinage, also regarded the caste of the Guptas as Vaishya on the basis of the ancient Indian texts on law, which prescribe the name-ending with Gupta for a member of the "Vaishya" caste. In opinion of famous art historian Dr. R. A. Agarawala, "Guptas" are said to be of Agrawal Vaishya community, as their Dharana Gotra is one of the gotras among the seventeen and half gotras of Agrawals. The historian H.C. Raychaudhuri, also holds that the Guptas belonged to the Dharana Gotra. According to Raichaudhuri, the Guptas were related to queen Dharini of Agnimitra, wife of the son of king Pushyamitra Shunga. Raychoudhuri drew this theory about the pedigree of the Guptas based on the Riddhapura copper-plate inscription of Prabhabati Gupta, daughter of Chandragupta II. In her records she claimed herself to be a descendant of the Dharana Gotra
Furthermore it is not yet discovered whether the term Gupta indicated a surname of a specific family or referred to a clan. However Gupta Empire records and Chinese records provided by the later I-Tsing, furnished the names of the first three rulers of the Gupta Dynasty, Maharaja Sri Gupta, Maharaja Sri Ghatotkacha and Ghatotokacha's son, Maharajadhiraja Sri Chandragupta, considered the first Gupta emperor. Historian K. P. Jaiswal suggested that the Guptas belonged to the Jat tribe. But his theory lacked conclusive proofs, and it was discarded. Recently, a historian, Ashvini Agarwal, on the basis of the matrimonial alliances of the Guptas with the Vakataka, assumed that they belong to the Brahman caste. Another modern historian, S. Chattopaddhyaya, has put forth a different theory about the ancestry of the Guptas. According to him, in the Panchobh Copper Plate, some kings bearing the title Guptas and related to the imperial Gupta Dynasty, claimed themselves as Vaisyas. Historian D. R. Regmi, says Imperial Guptas were descendants of Abhira-Guptas of Nepal.
The controversy about whether the term "Gupta" was originally a family surname or a full or clan name is still unresolved. This is so because the name of the first king was Sri Gupta, where the term "Gupta" seemed to be a title, but the second Gupta ruler, Ghatotkacha did not use it in the same manner. However the expression "Gupta" had been systematically used by all the Gupta rulers from Chandragupta I onwards, which had led to the acceptance of the term "Imperial Gupta dynasty," with Chandragupta I considered the first emperor of the dynasty.
Original homeland of the Guptas.
There is controversy among scholars about the original homeland of the Guptas. Jayaswal has pointed out that the Guptas were originally inhabitants of Prayaga (Allahabad), Uttar Pradesh, in north India, as the vassal of the Nagas or Bhaarshivas. Thereafter they rose in prominence. Another scholar, Gayal supported the theory of Jaiswal, suggesting that the original home of the Guptas was Antarvedi, embracing the regions of Oudh and Prayag. These historians have derived their theory from several Gupta Dynasty coins found in those regions, and this study of numismatic evidences led to the theory that the Guptas were the original inhabitants of that region of northeastern India. However another historian of this time in Indian history, Ganguli, has offered a different view about the original Gupta homeland. According to him the Guptas homeland is further south, the Murshidabad region of Bengal, and not Magadha in Bihar. He based his theory on the statement of I-Tsing, who had visited India during 675 and 695 CE. Fleet and other historians however criticize Ganguli's theory because Sri Gupta ruled during the end of the third century, but I-Tsing placed him at the end of the second century. Hence the theory of historians, who have provided their views based on the accounts of I-Tsing, are considered less valid than theories based on other sources such as coinage.
The extent of the Gupta Empire and when they ascended the throne after the lapse of the prolonged Dark Age, is also subject of intense controversy among the scholars. Dr. R.C. Majumdar has pointed out that the picture of a stupa has been found in Nepal with the label "Mrigasthapana" Stupa of Varendri. This "Mrigasthapana" is the same as "Mrigashivana" of I-Tsing. As Sri Gupta built a temple in Mrigashivana and as the place was in Varendri, so historians have pointed out that Varendri might have been under the sway of the Guptas, when they ascended the throne. According to Dr. Ganguli, Bengal and parts of Bihar was also included in the Gupta Empire, when they were ruling from the seat of power.
Another and the most accepted theory about the origins of the Guptas from both archaeological and written evidences, is that the Guptas originated from Varendri (Bengal). The mention of "Varendra Mrigashihavan Stupa" on a mound in Nepal is a strong evidence that the Guptas originated from Bengal. Maharaja Sri-Gupta probably ruled a portion of Northern/Southern Bengal. Later Chandragupta I established his dominion over Magadha through marital policy with the Licchavis. Also, I-tsing and other Gupta accounts write that Sri-Gupta was the first Gupta ruler and his ancestral homeland was Varendri in Bengal.
From these theories, several conflicting opinions about the original homeland and the Empire of the Guptas are available. According to Allan and some other scholars, the Guptas were originally concentrated in the region of Magadha and from there they extended their sway to Bengal. According to other groups, the original homeland of the Guptas was Varendri or the Varendra Bhumi in Bengal, wherefrom they extended their Empire to Magadha. Whatever the theory is, the Imperial fabric of the Guptas initiated the Golden Age in history of ancient India and with passage of time they became the sole authority of entire Northern India.

</doc>
<doc id="18966176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966176" title="Don Juan y Su Bella Dama">
Don Juan y Su Bella Dama

Don Juan y Su Bella Dama ("Don Juan and his fair Lady") is an Argentine 2008.-2009. telenovela, created and produced by Telefe. In this telenovela, lead roles were portrayed by Joaquin Furriel and Romina Gaetani.
The telenovela was adapted in 2010 as "Lena - Liebe meines Lebens" by Endemol for the German television channel ZDF.
Plot.
Juan meets Josefina when she almost runs over his grandmother Augusta with her bike, and falls in love with her. But Serena, his ambitious stepmother, won't stop until she makes Juan to fall in love with her.
Josefina's family is a very troubled one: her mother Alicia expulses her father Emilio from her house because he made police superintendent Eugenia Gutiérrez pregnant. Manuel, her handsome brother, feels pity for a prostitute and tries to help her, and becomes infuriated when he discovers that his malicious father Emilio raped and threatened her.
Josefina dates a Chilean man named Franco, who makes devilish plans with her father Emilio. She has to marry him because, supposedly, he's going to die.

</doc>
<doc id="18966185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966185" title="WYGO">
WYGO

WYGO (99.5 FM, "Y99.5") is a radio station licensed to serve Madisonville, Tennessee, USA. The station is owned by Major Broadcasting Corporation. It airs a hot adult contemporary music format.
The station was assigned the WYGO call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on August 9, 1991. These call letters were used on the same frequency at another station in Corbin, Kentucky, from 1978-1989 (now WKDP-FM) and at an AM station in Atlanta, Georgia from 1989-1990 (now WXJO).

</doc>
<doc id="18966195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966195" title="Johnson Over Jordan">
Johnson Over Jordan

Johnson Over Jordan is a play by J.B. Priestley.
"Johnson Over Jordan" focuses on Robert Johnson, a meek businessman who has recently died. Now in limbo, Johnson looks back over his life while trying to reach the Inn at the End of World. On the way he encounters the Central Offices of Universal Assurance and Global Loan and Finance Corporation and the Jungle Hot Spot night club.
"Johnson Over Jordan" was originally produced in 1939 with Ralph Richardson as Robert Johnson. was accompanied with an original score by Benjamin Britten. It was revived in a 2001 production at the West Yorkshire Playhouse with Patrick Stewart in the title role.
In February 2014 Bradford Grammar School was the first amateur group to have performed the play. It is so far the only school ever to have performed this play, with Daniel Sanderson taking the title role of Robert Johnson. Tom Priestley, the son of J.B. Priestley, came to see the performance and commented: "Brilliant, absolutely magnificent to see such talent and my dad would have been proud."

</doc>
<doc id="18966199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966199" title="Virpur (Kheda)">
Virpur (Kheda)

Virpur (વિરપુર) (Also known as Birpur) is a village located in the Indian state of Gujarat, from Godhra Junction. વિરપુર ગામ વિરપુર તાલુકાનું મુખ્ય મથક છે.
The village is thought to be around 400 years old. There is a baithak (a place near small hill named as "piramgali pahad" where saint Khwaja Mahemud Dariyai Dulha sat and gave religious teachings) from Virpur.
Virpur also has a Muslim shrine, known as a Dargha, tomb of Khwaja Mahemud Dariyai Dulha. On every birth anniversary of Khwaja "Ursh"is celebrated with lot of enthusiasm, equally by people of all religions. Also there is tomb of "Dadi Amma" where a stone exists that has been blessed by a spiritual leader. When someone sits on the stone, it rotates by itself and provides the blessing in the form of some spiritual power. 
The Mahisagar river flows some from the village and this, too, has religious symbolism. It was once a site of pilgrimage for yatris who came to pay homage to a goddess.
There are several schools in the village and the presence of students studying technical and [u] subjects has attracted companies to offer on-campus jobs.

</doc>
<doc id="18966239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966239" title="Catalunya (disambiguation)">
Catalunya (disambiguation)

Catalunya is Catalonia, one of the 17 autonomous communities making up nearly all of Spain.
Catalunya also may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18966243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966243" title="Iliya Kirchev">
Iliya Kirchev

Iliya Kirchev () (born 28 December 1932 in Dolni Chiflik) is a retired Bulgarian football player. Kirchev was a central defender. He played with PFC Spartak Varna and earned 286 caps in Bulgarian first division. For the Bulgaria national football team Kirchev featured in 7 games and won a bronze medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics. He died at the age of 65 in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18966248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966248" title="WSEV (AM)">
WSEV (AM)

WSEV (930 AM) operates as Sevierville, Tennessee's first and only local AM radio station. While other stations are licensed to Sevierville, their studios are based in Knoxville, Tennessee.
History.
WSEV is the heritage station in Sevierville. It has aired the talents of future country singers, including Dolly Parton. In 1990 Dolly Parton purchased WSEV and moved the AM studios onto the campus of Dollywood in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee. During the Dollywood years, WSEV and its FM sister 105.5 WDLY (now WSEV-FM) simulcast a country music format. Some years later, the station was sold to East Tennessee Radio Group. Prior to adopting the current sports-talk format, WSEV simulcasted WSEV-FM's "Mix 105.5" adult contemporary format.
Recent history (circa 2010).
WSEV is a "barker" station: It broadcasts continuous advertisements for the Pigeon Forge area attractions, interspersed with "Tennessee Trivia" questions and comedy routines by "Milton Crabapple," Sheriff of Crabapple County. Billboards on approaching highways tout the station to incoming travelers.
Milton Crabapple explains life in Crabapple County — telling the exploits of himself and the other citizens. All of whom seem to have "Crabapple" as either their surame or part of their name (such as a "cousin" in show business, P.T. Crabapple).
In 2012, the station changed its imaging from Pigeon Forge Radio to Smoky Mountain Radio.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18966257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966257" title="Vignan Institute of Technology and Science">
Vignan Institute of Technology and Science

Vignan Institute of Technology & Science is one of the engineering institutions run by the Vignan group of Guntur. It was established in 1999 to offer undergraduate (BTech) courses in Engineering and Technology. It is situated in Deshmukhi, a suburban region of Hyderabad, India.
The college is affiliated to Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh.
BTech programs offered are Computer Science and Engineering, Electrical & Electronics Engineering, Electronics and Communications Engineering, Electronics & Instrumentation Engineering, Instrumental & Control Engineering and Mechanical Engg. The Post Graduate courses offered are MBA, MCA and M.Tech.
About.
The campus was established in Deshmukhi. The area is named Vignan Hills, with valleys and watersheds, with mango groves and greenery around. It is situated at a distance of 35 km from Koti, Hyderabad.
Vignan's is the brainchild of Dr. L. Rathaiah, a visionary educationist. He developed a series of educational materials for public and competitive examinations and later established the Vignan Residential Institutions in 1983.
'"Intake

</doc>
<doc id="18966277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966277" title="Caquelon">
Caquelon

A caquelon () is a cooking vessel of stoneware, ceramic, enamelled cast iron, or porcelain for the preparation of fondue, also called a fondue pot.
The word is from a Swiss French term originating in the 18th century derived from the Swiss German word "Kakel" meaning an earthenware casserole. The term is in common use throughout Switzerland, and in the Franche-Comté and Provence regions of France. 
The bottom of a caquelon requires a thickness sufficient to prevent burning of the melted cheese when the vessel is placed over a spirit burner at the table. Nevertheless, an encrusted layer of cheese forms on the bottom called the "Grossmutter" in German, "La Religieuse" in French, which is released when the fondue has been consumed and is shared between the diners. 

</doc>
<doc id="18966314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966314" title="Alphacet">
Alphacet

Alphacet, Inc. is a software company in the algorithmic trading space that provides software solutions designed to help quantitative analysts, traders and portfolio managers create consistent alpha, or absolute returns. 
Alphacet's software solution Alphacet Discovery is an example of an alpha generation platform. These platforms enable users to develop quantitative financial modeling strategies and are often used by hedge funds as well as commercial banks.
Alpha generation platforms have been receiving increased attention as automated trading continues to grow within many key markets. According to the Aite Group, 30% of all European and U.S. stock trades were driven by automatic programs in 2006, and they predict that by 2010, 50% of all U.S. stock trades will be run by automatic programs. According to research firm Celent, electronic trading continues to fuel growth within the foreign exchange industry as well as it estimates that by 2009-2010, the market could grow from around $3 trillion to $4 trillion of daily turnover, with 50% of the dealer to client volume traded electronically.
History.
Alphacet, Inc. was founded in 2007, building on efforts that began in 2003, based on pioneering work by researchers at the University of California. Through this research, Alphacet developed the only straight through processing (STP) platform in the quantitative electronic trading and algorithmic trading fields. In 2008 it released its first commercial version of its STPplatform, named Discovery. Alphacet is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut, with development facilities in Petaluma, California.
Products.
Alphacet Discovery
Alphacet Discovery is an alpha generation platform and STP solution for quantitative strategy development and deployment. The solution connects to market data vendors and market database partners, and provides financial modeling tools that allow traders to model, backtest, walk forward and launch quantitative strategies. It also employs machine learning techniques.
Alphacet Discovery recently received top scores in an Aite report titled "The World According to Quants: Enter Alpha Generation Platforms" and was the only solution to receive its highest rating of four stars in quant platform functionality.
It also was named the Best Buy-Side Newcomer of 2009 by Buy-Side Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="18966318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966318" title="Dick Clair">
Dick Clair

Dick Clair (November 12, 1931 – December 12, 1988) was an American television producer, actor and television and film writer, best known for the television sitcoms "It's a Living", "The Facts of Life", and "Mama's Family".
Early life.
Clair was born Richard Jones in San Francisco, California.
He served in the military for two years from 1955 to 1957. He never married and never had children.
Career.
In the early 1970s, Clair performed husband-and-wife comedy routines for "The Ed Sullivan Show" and "The Dean Martin Show" with his partner Jenna McMahon. Clair was a screenwriter for episodes of "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" and "The Bob Newhart Show" in addition to his Emmy Award winning writing for the comedy-variety TV program "The Carol Burnett Show". With Jenna McMahon he wrote and produced the television sitcoms "It's a Living", "The Facts of Life", and "Mama's Family".
Cryonics involvement.
Clair was active as an early member of the Cryonics Society of California in the 1960s. In 1982 he contributed $20,000 to the cryonics organization Trans Time so that a husband and wife could remain cryopreserved in liquid nitrogen. He was diagnosed with AIDS in 1986. When he was hospitalized in 1988 he faced opposition from the hospital and the State of California concerning his desire for cryonics treatment. The ensuing court battle ("Roe v. Mitchell", with Clair as "John Roe") ended victoriously, establishing the legal right of persons to be cryonically preserved in the state of California.
Death.
Clair died on December 12, 1988, of multiple AIDS-related infections at the age of fifty-seven. He was cryopreserved at the Alcor Life Extension Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="18966340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966340" title="Turnoff point">
Turnoff point

The turnoff point for a star refers to the point on the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram where it leaves the main sequence after the exhaustion of its main fuel. By plotting the turnoff point of the stars in star clusters, one can estimate the clusters age.
Stars with no turnoff point.
Red dwarfs are stars of 0.08-0.4 solar masses and are also referred to as class M stars. Red dwarfs have sufficient hydrogen mass to sustain hydrogen fusion to helium via the proton-proton chain reaction, but do not have sufficient mass to create the temperatures and pressures necessary to fuse helium to carbon, nitrogen or oxygen (see CNO cycle). However, all their hydrogen is available for fusion, and the low temperatures and pressures mean the lifetimes of these stars on the main sequence from zero point to turn off point is measured in trillions of years. For example, the lifespan of a star of 0.1 solar masses is 6 trillion years. This lifespan greatly exceeds the current age of the universe, therefore all red dwarfs are main sequence stars. Even though extremely long lived, those stars will eventually run out of fuel. Once all of the available hydrogen has been fused stellar nucleosynthesis stops and the remaining heated helium slowly cools by radiation. Gravity will contract the star from lack of expansive pressure from fusion until electron degeneracy pressure compensates. The cooling star is now off the main sequence and is known as a helium white dwarf.

</doc>
<doc id="18966380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966380" title="2008–09 A1 Grand Prix of Nations, Netherlands">
2008–09 A1 Grand Prix of Nations, Netherlands

The 2008–09 A1 Grand Prix of Nations, Netherlands was an A1 Grand Prix race, held at Circuit Park Zandvoort, Zandvoort, Netherlands. It was originally set to be the second race of the 2008–09 A1 Grand Prix season, but a delay in the build schedule of the new chassis forced the race at Mugello to be moved from the season opener. The same build delay meant that only seventeen of the twenty-three A1 teams participated in the race.
This was the first race for A1 Team Korea (Hwang Jin-Woo), A1 Team Monaco (Clivio Piccione), and the new ""Powered by Ferrari"" A1GP car.
Drivers and teams.
On 26 September, an article on the official A1GP website, detailed that a full grid of cars would not be on track at Zandvoort for the race weekend, due to the build schedule delay. It was subsequently confirmed that a maximum of eighteen teams will be racing – Canada, Germany (Michael Ammermüller), Great Britain (Danny Watts), India (Narain Karthikeyan) and Mexico (Davíd Garza Pérez) will thus make their season debut at the second round in China. Germany (Michael Ammermüller) did not, in fact, debut until round 5 in South Africa, while Canada did not appear all season.
Subsequently, Team Pakistan revealed that technical issues with their car were compromising the safety of their driver, Adam Khan – and thus, they too delayed the start of their season, leaving 17 teams to race. Like Canada, Pakistan did not appear all season.
As several teams were still arriving as of Saturday morning, and were unable to shake down their cars before the start of the planned sessions, rookie sessions were not held.
Qualifying.
As some teams had only arrived on Saturday morning, the qualifying format was changed for Zandvoort. In place of the usual four fifteen-minute, single-lap sessions, teams were given a one-hour session in which they could complete as many laps as they wished. Those times would set the grid for the Sprint race, while the results from the Sprint race would determine the grid for the Feature race.
The pole position time, set by the Netherlands (Jeroen Bleekemolen) was four seconds quicker than the fastest lap set the previous year in the Lola/Zytek cars. Bleekemolen lined up on pole, 0.316s ahead of Earl Bamber and 0.338s ahead of Adam Carroll in third. Both Felipe Guimarães and Ho-Pin Tung failed to set a time.
Sprint Race.
Owing to the treacharous conditions, the 12-lap Sprint Race was started behind the Safety Car. The newly introduced mandatory Sprint race pit-stop was removed for this race, to help the teams to conserve equipment.
On Lap 2, the Safety Car pulled in, and the cars were released.
On Lap 3, Adam Carroll spun at the final corner and was hit by Clivio Piccione, forcing both of their retirements.
On Lap 3, Satrio Hermanto also retired after a spin.
On Lap 5, Hwang Jin-Woo retired, after colliding with John Martin heading into the first corner. Martin managed to continue.
On Lap 7, Earl Bamber passed Jeroen Bleekemolen for the lead, after a failed passing attempt led to Bleekemolen running wide and allowing Bamber to pass.
On Lap 9, Fairuz Fauzy passed Bamber for the lead, and then began to build up a lead over the New Zealander.
On Lap 11, Ho-Pin Tung spun out of fifth place.
On Lap 11, Felipe Guimarães also spun out.
The race was red-flagged on Lap 12, because of the treacharous conditions. Fauzy won ahead of Bamber, and Loïc Duval. Duval also set fastest lap.
Race stopped after 12 laps because of the terrible conditions
Feature Race.
The second pit-stop window was set to be between Laps 24 and 32. As conditions hadn't improved since earlier, the race was started behind the Safety Car.
The Safety Car pulled in at the end of Lap 2, to get the race underway. On Lap 5, Neel Jani pulled into the pits and retires, while Adam Carroll spun out at Turn 6. On Lap 6, Fabio Onidi spun and collected Adrian Zaugg, putting both out of the race. After the first set of pit-stops, France (Loïc Duval) led from New Zealand (Earl Bamber) and Portugal (Filipe Albuquerque).
A lot of action took place on Laps 16–17: Jeroen Bleekemolen pulled into the pits with a steering wheel problem; Indonesia (Satrio Hermanto) crashed out; Korea (Hwang Jin-Woo) spun and rejoined; and Portugal (Filipe Albuquerque) spun and crashed in the final turn. The Safety Car was deployed while the wrecks were cleared. At this point, all remaining cars in the race were guaranteed points-finishes, which means Monaco (Clivio Piccione) and Korea (Hwang Jin-Woo) would score on their debut, and Lebanon (Daniel Morad) would score their first ever points.
On Lap 24, Daniel Morad did a 360-spin and continues, losing a place to John Martin. Meanwhile, Netherlands (Jeroen Bleekemolen) were having gearshifting problems and lost a place to USA (Charlie Kimball). On Lap 31, Charlie Kimball retired after running off the track, but not before setting the fastest lap of the race. France (Loïc Duval) still led after the second round of pit-stops.
On Lap 33, the Safety Car was deployed after Morad lost control and spun into the back of Ho-Pin Tung, sending both cars into the tyre wall at Tarzan corner. At this stage, the race had nearly reached the 69-minute time limit. Two laps later the time expired, and France (Loïc Duval) took the chequered flag behind the safety car, ahead of Malaysia (Fairuz Fauzy), and New Zealand (Earl Bamber).
Scheduled for 45 laps but stopped earlier because of time limit
After race.
At the first practice session, Korea (Hwang Jin-Woo) was warned due to their political insistence which the team put on the car: "Dokdo is a territory of Korea". However, they kept running the car with same insistence written in not English but Korean (Hangul) during the race weekend. As a result, the team received a penalty of fine after the race.

</doc>
<doc id="18966381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966381" title="Tuszynek Majoracki">
Tuszynek Majoracki

Tuszynek Majoracki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966382" title="Wodzin Majoracki">
Wodzin Majoracki

Wodzin Majoracki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966385" title="Wodzin Prywatny">
Wodzin Prywatny

Wodzin Prywatny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tuszyn and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966386" title="Wodzinek">
Wodzinek

Wodzinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tuszyn and south of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966387" title="Wola Kazubowa">
Wola Kazubowa

Wola Kazubowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966390" title="Żeromin">
Żeromin

Żeromin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Tuszyn and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966391" title="Zofiówka, Łódź East County">
Zofiówka, Łódź East County

Zofiówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tuszyn and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966392" title="Dell MediaDirect">
Dell MediaDirect

Dell MediaDirect is a software application that is published by Dell, Inc. and is pre-installed on the computers they sell. It attempts to provide DVD and CD playback and recent editions include features such as an address book and calendar. It is a custom version of CyberLink PowerCinema developed and licensed to Dell by CyberLink. MediaDirect works in conjunction with the operating system and the Dell QuickSet application.
Design Controversy.
Earlier versions of MediaDirect attracted criticism since they adopt a distinctive combination of BIOS and hard drive layout to bypass the installed OS and boot directly to the media player application using a single button press.
The chosen approach causes disk geometry to be deliberately misreported, can prevent the successful backup of hard disks and may trigger catastrophic data loss when MediaDirect is launched.
Unless the drive and all pre-existing operating systems are left as originally installed, MediaDirect can trigger a forced repartitioning of the drive whilst attempting to load. This intervention typically causes the loss of all operating systems and data on the device. Removing or disabling the application is challenging because Dell employs Host protected area technology to cloak the location of the partition containing the software, contributing to the misreported disk geometry.
Versions.
Version 4.
Version 4 deletes the dual-boot "fast start" capability and associated disk partition. It is now installed as a standard application. MediaDirect 4 includes optimisations for multi-media playback and is primarily used to support Blu-ray drives.
Version 3.
Version 3 is compatible with Microsoft Windows XP and Vista. Each version has separate editions that can only be installed on certain computer models. This is achieved by using folder and file names in the installation software that matches the BIOS SystemID. An explanation of this limitation is discussed at notebookforums.com.
Version 3 has a dual-boot option where the software can utilize a minimal load of the operating system which speeds boot time and simplifies operation.
Version 1.1.
Released Sep. 1, 2005, is compatible with Microsoft Windows XP and the following Dell systems:

</doc>
<doc id="18966412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966412" title="Adamów, Gmina Opoczno">
Adamów, Gmina Opoczno

Adamów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966415" title="Antoniów, Gmina Opoczno">
Antoniów, Gmina Opoczno

Antoniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966420" title="Bielowice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Bielowice, Łódź Voivodeship

Bielowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 1,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966426" title="Brzuśnia, Łódź Voivodeship">
Brzuśnia, Łódź Voivodeship

Brzuśnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18966427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966427" title="Brzustówek">
Brzustówek

Brzustówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966429" title="Brzustówek-Kolonia">
Brzustówek-Kolonia

Brzustówek-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966430" title="Bukowiec Opoczyński">
Bukowiec Opoczyński

Bukowiec Opoczyński is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966435" title="Dzielna, Łódź Voivodeship">
Dzielna, Łódź Voivodeship

Dzielna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966437" title="Janów Karwicki">
Janów Karwicki

Janów Karwicki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966438" title="Januszewice">
Januszewice

Januszewice may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18966442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966442" title="Januszewice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Januszewice, Łódź Voivodeship

Januszewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966444" title="Karwice">
Karwice

Karwice may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18966446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966446" title="Karwice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Karwice, Łódź Voivodeship

Karwice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966449" title="Kliny, Opoczno County">
Kliny, Opoczno County

Kliny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966453" title="Kraśnica">
Kraśnica

Kraśnica may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18966455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966455" title="Kraśnica, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kraśnica, Łódź Voivodeship

Kraśnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966461" title="Kraszków, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kraszków, Łódź Voivodeship

Kraszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966463" title="Kruszewiec">
Kruszewiec

Kruszewiec may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18966464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966464" title="Kruszewiec, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kruszewiec, Łódź Voivodeship

Kruszewiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966466" title="Kruszewiec PKP">
Kruszewiec PKP

Kruszewiec PKP is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966468" title="Kruszewiec-Kolonia">
Kruszewiec-Kolonia

Kruszewiec-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966470" title="Libiszów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Libiszów, Łódź Voivodeship

Libiszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966472" title="Libiszów-Kolonia">
Libiszów-Kolonia

Libiszów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966473" title="Międzybórz, Łódź Voivodeship">
Międzybórz, Łódź Voivodeship

Międzybórz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
Country has a neighbour of villages such as Mos Załężna, Sobawiny, Libiszów. By Międzybórz the east side of the river flows Drzewiczka.
In the years 1975-1998 town administratively belonged to the administrative region piotrkowskiego.
The village has an approximate population of 300.
History.
In 1228, in time of war Henri I of Father Konrad. Region as a result of the disasters at the Rock and Wrocieryżem Mazowszanie took the opposite direction Plock. Then, the near Międzyborza crossing in order to protect their own troops by Pilicę Konrad relied on the surrounding hills. Despite the seizure by the prince Masovian dogodniejszych position to fight, he has been the third time with troops Henri Brodatego and was thus forced him to quickly withdraw from Malopolska and return to North America.
The first written about this village come from the sixteenth century.
John Grace - Chancellor great crown, the Archbishop of Gniezno, who lived in the years 1456-1531, remembers that from 1510 years Międzybórz belonged to the Roman Catholic parish in Libiszowie.
The next mention of the purchase and sale of land from the villages they come from the year:
On 22.09.1968r. the court Libiszów Międzybórz went to the village land for uwłaszczenia włościan.
In the years 1948-1969, this village belonged to the National Council Gromadzkiej in Libiszowie, and in the years 1969-75 to Gromadzkiej of the National Council of the Bukowcu Opoczyńskim, and since 1975 belongs to the municipality of Meerut.
Other.
A distinctive feature of Międzyborza firm is building houses on both sides of the road. It is a small district called Trompeter. In the village is 1 shop, 1 bet stolarski and 1 bet ślusarski.

</doc>
<doc id="18966475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966475" title="Modrzew">
Modrzew

Modrzew may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18966476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966476" title="Arias with a Twist">
Arias with a Twist

Arias with a Twist is a collaborative play created by drag queen Joey Arias and puppeteer Basil Twist. It premiered on June 12, 2008 at the HERE Arts Center in the Dorothy B. Williams Theatre. Although the play is performed as a one-person show starring Arias, it also features the work of six nearly-invisible puppeteers who manipulate traditional marionettes, hand puppets, and the scenic elements. It has been nominated for the 2009 Drama Desk Award for Unique Theatrical Experience.
Plot.
The play opens with a musical band of four marionettes, each playing an instrument; piano, drums, trumpet, and bass. After a brief song, the audience is introduced to Joey Arias. Arias has been kidnapped by aliens and is subjected to probing while she performs a version of "Kashmir" by Led Zeppelin. When the aliens are finished with the intrusion, they eject her from their spaceship and she crash lands in a jungle, presumably on earth. She follows her landing with "Jungle of Eden", an original song by the Propellerheads' Alex Gifford. Alone and hungry, Arias searches for food only to find a mushroom that causes her to hallucinate. During the hallucination sequence, psychedelic imagery is projected onto a scrim at the front of the stage while Arias sings a Beatles medley comprising "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" and "Within You, Without You". The scene shifts to an undisclosed location where objects float through the air accompanied by Arias’s monologue on her sugar daddy. She is then sent to Hell where she performs a musical number and some suggestive activities with two giant anatomically-correct male devil puppets. Arias sings the Eric Carmen song "All By Myself" and is confronted by her doppelganger in puppet form who inspires her to return to New York City. This prompts another original Alex Gifford song, "Lately". When Arias returns to New York, she arrives just in time to perform in a show with the aforementioned puppet band where she sings the Lambert, Hendricks & Ross song, "Twisted", the Bill Carey and Carl T. Fischer song, "You've Changed", and Ziegfeld Follies song, "You've Gotta Pull Strings". The production ends in a Busby Berkeley-esque finalé, which includes mirrors and kaleidoscopic video images of Arias's face.

</doc>
<doc id="18966477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966477" title="Modrzew, Łódź Voivodeship">
Modrzew, Łódź Voivodeship

Modrzew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966481" title="Modrzewek, Opoczno County">
Modrzewek, Opoczno County

Modrzewek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966482" title="Mroczków Gościnny">
Mroczków Gościnny

Mroczków Gościnny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 800.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966484" title="Ogonowice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Ogonowice, Łódź Voivodeship

Ogonowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź. It has a Polish name of województwo łódzkie ˈwut͡skʲɛ or simply Łódzkie.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966487" title="Ostrów, Opoczno County">
Ostrów, Opoczno County

Ostrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 570.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966491" title="Thomas Jefferson High School (Richmond, Virginia)">
Thomas Jefferson High School (Richmond, Virginia)

The Thomas Jefferson High School in Richmond, Virginia is a public high school. The Art Deco building, constructed in 1929 and opened in 1930, has been listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was designed by architect Charles M. Robinson. In his book, "The Virginia Landmarks Register," Calder Loth refers to the school as Robinson's "masterpiece" and notes that the structure is "a celebration of education, a building redolent of civic pride."

</doc>
<doc id="18966495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966495" title="The Boxing Mirror">
The Boxing Mirror

The Boxing Mirror is a 2006 album by Alejandro Escovedo. released through Back Porch Records. Produced by John Cale of The Velvet Underground, the album finds Escovedo delving into the worlds of avant-rock and post-punk; and its darker sound has only shades of roots rock/Americana music in comparison with most Escovedo's alt-country records.(Review of "The Boxing Mirror" by Tracy M. Rogers - Hybridmagazine.com) Legendary bassist, Mark Andes (Spirit, JoJo Gunn, Firefall, Heart, Eliza Gilkyson, Jon Dee Graham, Ian McLagan), plays and sings back-up vocals. 

</doc>
<doc id="18966496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966496" title="Różanna, Łódź Voivodeship">
Różanna, Łódź Voivodeship

Różanna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966498" title="Sielec, Gmina Opoczno">
Sielec, Gmina Opoczno

Sielec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966499" title="Sitowa">
Sitowa

Sitowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966502" title="Sobawiny">
Sobawiny

Sobawiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966504" title="Stużno">
Stużno

Stużno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966506" title="Stużno-Kolonia">
Stużno-Kolonia

Stużno-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966507" title="Wola Załężna">
Wola Załężna

Wola Załężna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966509" title="Camera trap">
Camera trap

A camera trap is a remotely activated camera that is equipped with a motion sensor or an infrared sensor, or uses a light beam as a trigger. Camera trapping is a method for capturing wild animals on film when researchers are not present, and has been used in ecological research for decades. In addition to applications in hunting and wildlife viewing, research applications include studies of nest ecology, detection of rare species, estimation of population size and species richness, as well as research on habitat use and occupation of human-built structures.
Camera traps, also known as trail cameras, are used to capture images of animals in the wild with as little human interference as possible. In recent decades, with advancements in the quality of camera equipment, this method of field observation has become more popular among researchers. Hunting has played an important role in development of camera traps, since hunters like to use them to scout for game. These hunters have opened a commercial market for the devices which have led to many improvements over time.
Application.
The great advantage of camera trapping is that they can record very accurate data without the animal being captured. These data are superior to human observations, because they can be reviewed by other researchers. 
They minimally disturb wildlife and can replace the use of more invasive survey and monitoring techniques such as live trap and release. They operate continually and silently, provide proof of species presence in an area, can teach what prints and scats go with which species, can provide evidence for management and policy decisions and policies, and are a cost effective monitoring tool. Infrared flash cameras have low disturbance and visibility. Besides olfactory and acoustic cues, camera flash may scare animals so that they avoid or destroy camera traps. The major alternative light source is infrared, which is usually not detectable by mammals or birds.
Camera traps are also helpful in quantifying the number of different species in an area; this is a more effective method than attempting to count by hand every individual organism in a field. It can also be useful in identifying new or rare species that have yet to be well documented. By using camera traps, the well-being and survival rate of animals can be observed over time. 
Camera traps are helpful in determining behavioral and activity patterns of animals, such as which time of day they visit mineral licks.
Camera traps have revolutionized wildlife research and conservation, enabling collection of photographic evidence of rarely seen and often globally endangered species, with little expense, relative ease, and minimal disturbance to wildlife. Camera traps can document wildlife presence, abundance, and population changes, particularly in the face of deforestation and habitat destruction. Camera traps enable collection of baseline population data on elusive mammals and birds where only estimates — and often just guesses — were possible before. Camera traps are increasingly being used to raise conservation awareness worldwide, with Non-governmental organizations (NGO)s embracing the tool as a powerful way of reaching out to the public through electronic media. Wildlife conservation groups such as Panthera, Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS), World Wildlife Fund (WWF) have found camera trap videos and photos to be an important part of campaigns to save threatened or endangered species.
Camera types.
The earliest models used traditional film and a one-shot trigger function. These traditional cameras contained film that needed to be collected and developed like any other standard camera. Today, more advanced cameras utilize digital photography, sending photos directly to a computer. Even though this method is uncommon it is still highly useful and could be the future of this research method. Some cameras are even programed to take multiple pictures after a triggering event.
There are non-triggered cameras that either run continuously or take pictures at specific time intervals. The more common ones, however, are the more advanced triggered cameras that go off only after sensing movement and/or a heat signature to increase the chances of capturing a useful image. Infrared beams can also be used to trigger the camera. Video is also an emerging option in type of camera traps, allowing researchers to record running streams of video, to document animal behavior.
The battery life of some of these cameras is another important factor in which cameras are used; large batteries offer a longer running time for the camera but can be cumbersome in set up or when lugging the equipment to the field site .
Extra features.
Weather proofing for cameras has helped to protect the film from damage and even to protect the cameras themselves. The cameras are often put into waterproof housing; these casings can also help in disguising the equipment from animals.
Noise-reduction housing is helpful in limiting the possibility that animals will be disturbed by the camera and possibly relocate. Sound recording is another feature that can be added to the camera. This is useful in recording animal calls and in noting the times when specific animals are the most vocal.
Effects of weather and the environment.
Humidity has a highly negative effect on camera traps and can result in camera malfunction.
This can be problematic since the malfunction is often not immediately discovered, so a large portion of research time can be lost. Often a researcher expecting the experiment to be complete will trek back to the site, only to discover far less data than expected – or even none at all.
There is also the possibility, if it is a motion activated camera, that any movement within the sensitivity range of the camera’s sensor will trigger a picture, so the camera might end up with numerous pictures of anything the wind moves, such as plants.
The best type of weather for it to work in is any place with low humidity and stable moderate temperatures.
As far as problems with camera traps, it cannot be overlooked that sometimes the subjects themselves negatively affect the research. One of the most common things is that animals unknowingly topple a camera or splatter it with mud or water ruining the film or lens.
One other method of animal tampering involves the animals themselves taking the cameras for their own uses. There are examples of some animals actually taking the cameras and snapping pictures of themselves.
An interesting side note is that locals in the area of a camera trap who sometimes use the same game trails as the animals to move through the forest can be caught on camera. This adds to the human dynamic of the research and can make camera’s a useful tool for anti-poaching or other law enforcement effort.
Placement techniques.
One of the most important things to consider when setting up camera traps is choosing the location in order to get the best results. Camera traps near mineral licks or along game trails, where it is more likely that animals will visit frequently, are normally seen. Animals congregate around mineral licks to consume water and soil, which can be useful in reducing toxin levels or supplement mineral intake in their diet. These locations for camera traps also allow for variety of animals who show up at different times and use the licks in different ways allowing for the study of animal behavior.
Another major factor in whether this is the best technique to use in the specific research is which type of species one is attempting to observe with the camera. Species such as small-bodied birds and insects may be too small to trigger the camera. Reptiles and amphibians will not be able to trip the infrared or heat differential-based sensors, however, methods have been developed to detect these species by utilizing a reflector based sensor system. However, for most medium and large-bodied terrestrial species camera traps have proven to be a successful tool for study.

</doc>
<doc id="18966512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966512" title="Wólka Karwicka">
Wólka Karwicka

Wólka Karwicka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966514" title="Wólka Karwicka-Kolonia">
Wólka Karwicka-Kolonia

Wólka Karwicka-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966516" title="Wygnanów">
Wygnanów

Wygnanów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18966517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966517" title="Wygnanów, Gmina Opoczno">
Wygnanów, Gmina Opoczno

Wygnanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 390.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966521" title="Zameczek">
Zameczek

Zameczek may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18966522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966522" title="WSEV-FM">
WSEV-FM

WSEV-FM (105.5 FM, "Mix 105.5") operates as Sevier County's only local FM radio station. While other stations are licensed to Sevierville, their studios are based in Knoxville, Tennessee.
History.
WSEV-FM was originally licensed to Gatlinburg, Tennessee, as a sister to WSEV, although the studios for both stations were located in Sevierville, Tennessee. In 1990, Dolly Parton purchased WSEV-FM, changed the format to country music and the call sign to WDLY. The station's slogan was "We're Dolly's Station". The stations were managed by Branson, Missouri broadcasters, Orr & Earls Broadcasting, Inc. WDLY had a tough time competing against Knoxville's WIVK and WOKI during the years they had a country format, although they simulcast on WSEV. After ten years as WDLY, the station was sold to East Tennessee Radio Group and the call sign reverted to WSEV-FM in May 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18966523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966523" title="Zameczek, Łódź Voivodeship">
Zameczek, Łódź Voivodeship

Zameczek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966525" title="Ziębów">
Ziębów

Ziębów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966536" title="The Last Chance Detectives">
The Last Chance Detectives

The Last Chance Detectives is a series of Christian television movies, and later a radio drama series created by Robert Vernon and produced by Focus on the Family in the mid-1990s.
The production of each video episode cost approximately one million USD.
The series focused on four preteen "sleuths"
who solve mysteries in their fictional desert town of Ambrosia, Arizona. When the radio shows were airing, "Canyon Quest", a prequel book to the show, was released.
Plot.
12-year-old Mike Fowler lives in the minute community of Ambrosia, Arizona (a fictional town) with his single mother and his paternal grandparents. The family runs the "Last Chance Gas and Diner" highway stop near the town's municipal limits, as well as the small hangar and airstrip nearby. The diner property is also home to "Lady Liberty", a B-17 Bomber flown by Mike's grandfather in World War II; it is in the plane that Mike and his three friends – Ben Jones, Winnona "Winnie" Whitefeather, and Spencer Williams – run their detective agency called the "Last Chance Detectives". Together, they solve mysteries and have adventures, while learning Christian morals.
Radio albums.
The radio series included a brand new cast, and Jason Whittaker, from "Adventures in Odyssey" in the first album. Both made by Focus on the Family, the two series were partially joined together for this series. Three albums were created:
Film series.
"The Last Chance Detectives" television films were filmed at Kingman Airport in Kingman, Arizona. "Focus on the Family Films" paid $3,000 to lease the land to film it there. There were three films created:
Airings.
"The Last Chance Detectives" currently air on JellyTelly and KDOV-LP theDove TV.

</doc>
<doc id="18966537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966537" title="Białaczów">
Białaczów

Białaczów is a village (a town in 1456 - 1870) in Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Białaczów. It lies approximately south of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź. The village has a population of 1,500. Historically, Białaczów belongs to Lesser Poland, and together with Opoczno, for hundreds of years it belonged to Lesser Poland’s Sandomierz Voivodeship. The village is the birthplace of Jan Prandota, the Bishop of Kraków (1242-1266).
History.
In the 13th century, Białaczów belonged to the Odrowąż family. The village received its town charter in 1456. At that time, it was part of Opoczno County of Sandomierz Voivodeship, and remained part of it until the Partitions of Poland. Białaczów was a private town, changing hands several times. In the late 18th and early 19th century it belonged to Stanisław Małachowski, who in neighboring villages opened several early industry factories. In 1795 Białaczów found itself in the Austrian Empire, and later on, it became part of the Duchy of Warsaw (since 1815: Russian-controlled Congress Kingdom). Its coat of arms was devised by Stanisław Małachowski in 1787, and in 1870, like many other towns of northern Lesser Poland, Białaczów was reduced to the status of a village, as a punishment for residents’ patriotic support of the anti-Russian January Uprising.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966541" title="Kuraszków, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kuraszków, Łódź Voivodeship

Kuraszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Białaczów, south-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966542" title="Miedzna Drewniana">
Miedzna Drewniana

Miedzna Drewniana is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Białaczów, south of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966544" title="Taman Inquiry">
Taman Inquiry

The Taman Inquiry into the Investigation and Prosecution of Derek Harvey-Zenk is the Manitoba provincial government inquiry into the death of Crystal Taman. Taman was killed in a car accident with Derek Harvey-Zenk, an off-duty police officer, who was allegedly drunk. The inquiry heard testimony between June 2 and August 14, 2008.
Incident.
On February 25, 2005, near East St. Paul and Winnipeg, a truck driven by 31-year-old Derek Harvey-Zenk, a Constable with the Winnipeg Police Service, rear-ended and killed Crystal Taman, a 40-year-old mother of three, while she was stopped at a red light. The crash also injured a second woman, the wife of a Winnipeg police inspector.
The accident was initially investigated by East St. Paul police, led by Police Chief Harry Bakema. It would later be revealed that Harvey-Zenk and Bakema had previously worked together at the Winnipeg Police Service. 
Paramedics attending the scene reported that they smelled alcohol on Harvey-Zenk's breath.
Investigation and charges.
A week later, Harvey-Zenk was charged with impaired driving causing death, refusing a breathalyser test, dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing death, and criminal negligence causing death. The provincial government appointed a private Winnipeg lawyer, Marty Minuk, special prosecutor for the case to avoid any potential conflicts of interest between the police and regular crown attorneys.
In July 2007, however, Harvey-Zenk was pled down to dangerous driving causing death (a lesser charge) and the other charges were dropped. Despite reservations from provincial Chief Justice Ray Wyant, he was given a conditional sentence of "two years less a day", to be served at his home. He also resigned as a police officer.
Public outcry over the plea and allegations that the investigation had been botched led to a provincial inquiry, which began in June 2008.
The inquiry.
The inquiry heard almost two months of conflicting testimony, which suggested an inadequate investigation by police had forced Minuk, the special prosecutor, into the controversial plea bargain. 
Testimony revealed that Harvey-Zenk had spent the evening with other officers at a local restaurant and the home of another officer. Despite reports from the accident scene that Harvey-Zenk smelled of liquor, officers with him that evening denied having seen him drinking. Furthermore, a waitress who served the officers liquor throughout the evening testified that she was pressured to not "remember too much" by the restaurant's manager, who was "friends" with the officers. In response to the allegations other officers covered for Harvey-Zenk, Police Chief Keith McCaskill volunteered to testify, instructing his officers to "be truthful". (McCaskill was not chief at the time of the accident.)
Officers involved in the investigation denied that they gave preferential treatment to Harvey-Zenk. Likewise, the prosecution has denied there were any favours given to the defence.
The inquiry's final report has not yet been released.

</doc>
<doc id="18966545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966545" title="Ossa, Opoczno County">
Ossa, Opoczno County

Ossa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Białaczów, south of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966546" title="Parczów">
Parczów

Parczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966548" title="Parczówek">
Parczówek

Parczówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966549" title="Inger Edelfeldt">
Inger Edelfeldt

Inger Edelfeldt (born 1956 in Stockholm) is a Swedish author and translator, as well as the illustrator of many books. She made her debut in 1977 with the book "Duktig pojke" ("Good Boy"). She has written around 20 books since then, most of which are novels, short stories, poetry books, and books for children and young people. She won the Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18966551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966551" title="Petrykozy">
Petrykozy

Petrykozy may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18966553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966553" title="Petrykozy, Opoczno County">
Petrykozy, Opoczno County

Petrykozy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966554" title="Zargyar Vtoroye">
Zargyar Vtoroye

Zargyar Vtoroye may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18966556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966556" title="Radwan, Łódź Voivodeship">
Radwan, Łódź Voivodeship

Radwan is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Białaczów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 246.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966559" title="September 2008 in rail transport">
September 2008 in rail transport


</doc>
<doc id="18966560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966560" title="Sędów, Opoczno County">
Sędów, Opoczno County

Sędów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966563" title="Skronina">
Skronina

Skronina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Białaczów, south-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966566" title="Sobień, Opoczno County">
Sobień, Opoczno County

Sobień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Białaczów, south of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966568" title="Wąglany">
Wąglany

Wąglany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966573" title="Zakrzów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Zakrzów, Łódź Voivodeship

Zakrzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Białaczów, south of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966575" title="Żelazowice">
Żelazowice

Żelazowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białaczów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Białaczów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.

</doc>
<doc id="18966584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966584" title="Augustów, Opoczno County">
Augustów, Opoczno County

Augustów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966586" title="Brzustowiec">
Brzustowiec

Brzustowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Drzewica, north-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 802.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966589" title="Brzuza, Łódź Voivodeship">
Brzuza, Łódź Voivodeship

Brzuza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Drzewica, north-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966592" title="Dąbrówka, Gmina Drzewica">
Dąbrówka, Gmina Drzewica

Dąbrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Drzewica, north-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 348.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966593" title="Domaszno">
Domaszno

Domaszno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Drzewica, north-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 539.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966596" title="Giełzów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Giełzów, Łódź Voivodeship

Giełzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966600" title="Idzikowice">
Idzikowice

Idzikowice may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18966602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966602" title="Idzikowice, Opoczno County">
Idzikowice, Opoczno County

Idzikowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Drzewica, north-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966604" title="Jelnia, Łódź Voivodeship">
Jelnia, Łódź Voivodeship

Jelnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Drzewica, north-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966606" title="Krzczonów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Krzczonów, Łódź Voivodeship

Krzczonów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Drzewica, east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 578.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966609" title="Knutsford by-election, 1979">
Knutsford by-election, 1979

The Knutsford by-election, 1979 was a by-election held for the British House of Commons constituency of Knutsford in Cheshire on 1 March 1979. It was won by the Conservative Party candidate Jock Bruce-Gardyne.
Vacancy.
The seat had become vacant when the Conservative Member of Parliament (MP), John Davies had resigned due to illness on 6 November 1978. He had held the seat since the 1970 general election and had served as Secretary of State for Industry and Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster in the Government of Edward Heath, having previously been Director of the Confederation of British Industry.
Candidates.
The Conservative candidate was 48-year-old Jock Bruce-Gardyne, who had been MP for South Angus from 1964 until his defeat at the October 1974 general election. The Labour Party candidate was Alan Barton, and the Liberals fielded Robert Ingham. Michael Byrne stood as an Independent Conservative.
Result.
The result was a clear victory for Bruce-Gardyne in this Conservative safe seat, with a much increased majority of 16,880. Both the Labour and Liberal vote fell by a few per cent.
Bruce-Gardyne held the seat until its abolition for the 1983 general election, when he was effectively forced out of the Commons due to a reduction of the number of Cheshire seats. He was elevated to the House of Lords in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="18966612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966612" title="Radzice Duże">
Radzice Duże

Radzice Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Drzewica, north-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 730.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966613" title="Radzice Małe">
Radzice Małe

Radzice Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Drzewica, north-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 590.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966617" title="Strzyżów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Strzyżów, Łódź Voivodeship

Strzyżów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately northwest of Drzewica, north-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966622" title="Świerczyna, Opoczno County">
Świerczyna, Opoczno County

Świerczyna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Drzewica, north-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966623" title="Robert Sharples">
Robert Sharples

Robert Sharples (2 July 1913 – 8 September 1987) was a British musical conductor, composer and bandleader, whose work encompassed films and well-known British television programmes in the 1960s and 1970s.
Born in Bury, Lancashire, England, Sharples started his musical career in 1934, when he joined the Freddy Platt band at the Carlton Ballroom, Rochdale along with Geoff Love. Sharples played piano, and Love played trombone. In 1963, Sharples conducted the London Festival Orchestra, augmented with military band, in a London Records' Phase 4 Stereo recording of Tschaikovsky's "1812 Overture", backed with the same composer's "Nutcracker Suite", showing his skill as a "light classics" conductor.
Among his compositions were the theme music for the long-running series "Public Eye", "Special Branch " (both written under the pseudonym Robert Earley), "The Rivals Of Sherlock Holmes", incidental music for "Follyfoot", and the theme for the early 1970s Thames series, "Man At The Top". He is perhaps best known as the musical director on the UK talent show "Opportunity Knocks", with host Hughie Green, who routinely referred to him as "Uncle Bob" Sharples.
He married in 1977, and died in 1987 in Camden, London, England.

</doc>
<doc id="18966625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966625" title="R. G. Springsteen">
R. G. Springsteen

Robert G. Springsteen (September 8, 1904 - December 9, 1989) was a prolific American director of Hollywood B movies and television shows. He was most often credited on screen as R. G. Springsteen.
Born in Tacoma, Washington in 1904, Springsteen started working in Hollywood during the 1920s. He was hired by Fox Studios as a wardrobe assistant. In 1936 he moved to directing and worked as a Second unit, or assistant, director on numerous low budget B movies. During this time film credits often listed him by the nickname of Bud Springsteen. By 1945 Springsteen became a lead director and established himself as a filmmaker with his first B Western, "Marshal of Laredo". From 1945 through 1968, Springsteen was a prolific director of Hollywood B Westerns and television episodes. His last directing job came in 1968 with an episode of the television series "Gentle Ben".
R. G. Springsteen died on December 9, 1989 in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18966626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966626" title="Trzebina, Łódź Voivodeship">
Trzebina, Łódź Voivodeship

Trzebina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Drzewica, north-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966628" title="Rebel Road (album)">
Rebel Road (album)

Rebel Road is the tenth album by vocalist/saxophonist Edgar Winter. It was released on July 8, 2008 by Airline Records. The album features lead and solo guitar work by Slash on the single "Rebel Road", vocals and harmonica by Clint Black on "The Power of Positive Drinking" and "On the Horns of a Dilemma", and lead and solo guitar by Edgar's brother Johnny Winter on "Rockin' the Blues". The Edgar Winter Band on this album is composed of Edgar Winter (vocals, saxophone, piano, organ, synthesizer and percussion), Doug "Douge Rapps" Rappoport (guitar and vocals),Koko Powell (bass and vocals) Jimmy Paxson (drums). Edgar dedicated "The Closer I Get" to his wife Monique Winter and "Peace and Love" to Ringo Starr.
Track listing.
All songs written by Edgar Winter, Curt Cuomo & James Zota Baker; except "Rebel Road" (Edgar Winter, Curt Cuomo, James Zota Baker, Jake Hooker), "The Closer I Get" (Edgar Winter) and "Texas Tornado" (Edgar Winter) 

</doc>
<doc id="18966629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966629" title="Werówka">
Werówka

Werówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Drzewica, north-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 395.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966636" title="Zakościele, Opoczno County">
Zakościele, Opoczno County

Zakościele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966638" title="Żardki">
Żardki

Żardki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Drzewica, north-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966641" title="Żdżary, Opoczno County">
Żdżary, Opoczno County

Żdżary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Drzewica, north-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966653" title="Błogie Rządowe">
Błogie Rządowe

Błogie Rządowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966655" title="Błogie Szlacheckie">
Błogie Szlacheckie

Błogie Szlacheckie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966657" title="Bukowiec nad Pilicą">
Bukowiec nad Pilicą

Bukowiec nad Pilicą is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966659" title="Duży Potok">
Duży Potok

Duży Potok is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966662" title="Góry Trzebiatowskie">
Góry Trzebiatowskie

Góry Trzebiatowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966663" title="Grabowa">
Grabowa

Grabowa may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18966665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966665" title="Grabowa, Opoczno County">
Grabowa, Opoczno County

Grabowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966666" title="Jawor, Opoczno County">
Jawor, Opoczno County

Jawor is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966667" title="Jawor-Kolonia">
Jawor-Kolonia

Jawor-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966669" title="Julianów, Opoczno County">
Julianów, Opoczno County

Julianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966674" title="Konstantynów, Opoczno County">
Konstantynów, Opoczno County

Konstantynów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of about 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966678" title="Małe Końskie">
Małe Końskie

Małe Końskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966681" title="Marianka, Opoczno County">
Marianka, Opoczno County

Marianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.

</doc>
<doc id="18966684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966684" title="Mniszków, Łódź Voivodeship">
Mniszków, Łódź Voivodeship

Mniszków is a village in Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Mniszków. It lies approximately west of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 525.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966685" title="Nowe Błogie">
Nowe Błogie

Nowe Błogie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966686" title="Ludwig Georg Courvoisier">
Ludwig Georg Courvoisier

Ludwig Georg Courvoisier (1843–1918) was a surgeon from Basel, Switzerland. He was one of the first doctors to remove gallstones from the common bile duct.
In 1890, Courvoisier published the book "Casuistisch-statistische Beiträge zur Pathologie und Chirurgie der Gallenwege", a manual on biliary surgery in which he introduced the medical sign known as Courvoisier's law.
Entomology.
Courvoisier was an entomologist most interested in the Lycaenidae.

</doc>
<doc id="18966688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966688" title="Olimpiów">
Olimpiów

Olimpiów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966689" title="Owczary, Łódź Voivodeship">
Owczary, Łódź Voivodeship

Owczary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966692" title="Prucheńsko Duże">
Prucheńsko Duże

Prucheńsko Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966694" title="Prucheńsko Małe">
Prucheńsko Małe

Prucheńsko Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966697" title="Radonia, Łódź Voivodeship">
Radonia, Łódź Voivodeship

Radonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966701" title="Stoczki, Opoczno County">
Stoczki, Opoczno County

Stoczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966703" title="Stok, Łódź Voivodeship">
Stok, Łódź Voivodeship

Stok is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966707" title="Strzelce, Opoczno County">
Strzelce, Opoczno County

Strzelce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966710" title="Świeciechów">
Świeciechów

Świeciechów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966712" title="Syski, Opoczno County">
Syski, Opoczno County

Syski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966715" title="Zajączków, Łódź Voivodeship">
Zajączków, Łódź Voivodeship

Zajączków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966716" title="Zarzęcin">
Zarzęcin

Zarzęcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Mniszków, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966730" title="Adamów, Gmina Paradyż">
Adamów, Gmina Paradyż

Adamów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966735" title="Alfonsów, Opoczno County">
Alfonsów, Opoczno County

Alfonsów (translation: "Pimps") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Paradyż, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966737" title="Bogusławy">
Bogusławy

Bogusławy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Paradyż, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966740" title="Daleszewice">
Daleszewice

Daleszewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Paradyż, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966741" title="Dorobna Wola">
Dorobna Wola

Dorobna Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Paradyż, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966745" title="Feliksów, Opoczno County">
Feliksów, Opoczno County

Feliksów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Paradyż, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966748" title="Grzymałów">
Grzymałów

Grzymałów can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18966753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966753" title="Grzymałów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Grzymałów, Łódź Voivodeship

Grzymałów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Paradyż, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966755" title="Honoratów">
Honoratów

Honoratów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Paradyż, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966758" title="Irenów">
Irenów

Irenów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Paradyż, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966760" title="Joaniów">
Joaniów

Joaniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Paradyż, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966764" title="Kazimierzów, Opoczno County">
Kazimierzów, Opoczno County

Kazimierzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Paradyż, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966767" title="Krasik">
Krasik

Krasik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Paradyż, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966768" title="Livingston Township">
Livingston Township

Livingston Township may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="18966770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966770" title="Mariampol, Opoczno County">
Mariampol, Opoczno County

Mariampol is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Paradyż, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966772" title="Paradyż">
Paradyż

Paradyż may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18966774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966774" title="Paradyż, Opoczno County">
Paradyż, Opoczno County

Paradyż is a village in Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Paradyż. It lies in northwestern corner of historic Lesser Poland, approximately south-west of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź. The village has a population of 530.
The history of Paradyż dates back to the second half of the 18th century, and is closely tied with a Bernardine Monastery, which was founded at that time in the nearby village of Wielka Wola. Soon afterwards, a new village named Paradyż was founded near the monastery. Its name comes from a Latin language word paradisus, which means paradise. In 1789 local nobleman Jan Saryusz Skorkowski, who owned Wielka Wola and Paradyż, and whose grandfather Kazimierz Skorkowski had invited the monks here, made plans to attract Catholic settlers to the village and to raise it to the status of a town. The plan failed, and Paradyż still remains a village, which until the January Uprising was closely tied with the monastery.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966778" title="Podgaj, Łódź Voivodeship">
Podgaj, Łódź Voivodeship

Podgaj is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966779" title="Popławy-Kolonia">
Popławy-Kolonia

Popławy-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966782" title="Kiril Pandov">
Kiril Pandov

Kiril Pandov () (born 1928 in Varna) is a retired Bulgarian football player. Pandov was a left midfielder.
He played with PFC Spartak Varna and earned 207 caps in Bulgarian first division and scored 1 goal.

</doc>
<doc id="18966783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966783" title="Przyłęk, Łódź Voivodeship">
Przyłęk, Łódź Voivodeship

Przyłęk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Paradyż, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966784" title="Solec">
Solec

Solec may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18966785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966785" title="Solec, Łódź Voivodeship">
Solec, Łódź Voivodeship

Solec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Paradyż, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966790" title="Stanisławów, Opoczno County">
Stanisławów, Opoczno County

Stanisławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966793" title="Stawowice">
Stawowice

Stawowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Paradyż, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966798" title="Stawowice-Kolonia">
Stawowice-Kolonia

Stawowice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966799" title="Stawowiczki">
Stawowiczki

Stawowiczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Paradyż, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966802" title="Sylwerynów">
Sylwerynów

Sylwerynów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Paradyż, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966809" title="Wielka Wola, Opoczno County">
Wielka Wola, Opoczno County

Wielka Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Paradyż, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966814" title="Wójcin, Opoczno County">
Wójcin, Opoczno County

Wójcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Paradyż, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966817" title="Wójcin A">
Wójcin A

Wójcin A is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966818" title="Wójcin B">
Wójcin B

Wójcin B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966824" title="Anielin, Opoczno County">
Anielin, Opoczno County

Anielin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Poświętne, north of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966826" title="Brudzewice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Brudzewice, Łódź Voivodeship

Brudzewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Poświętne, north-east of Opoczno, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966828" title="Brudzewice-Kolonia">
Brudzewice-Kolonia

Brudzewice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Poświętne, north-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966829" title="Buczek, Opoczno County">
Buczek, Opoczno County

Buczek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Poświętne, north of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966832" title="Dęba">
Dęba

Dęba may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18966835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966835" title="Dęba, Opoczno County">
Dęba, Opoczno County

Dęba is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Poświętne, north of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966836" title="Dęborzeczka">
Dęborzeczka

Dęborzeczka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Poświętne, north of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966842" title="Jonathan Pierce">
Jonathan Pierce

Jonathan Pierce is an American gospel/CCM singer from Odessa, Texas. His full name is Jonathan Pierce Edward Loveheart Hildreth although he prefers to perform using his first and middle names instead of his first and last name.
Pierce began singing in church at age seven and took voice lessons from age nine. Following his graduation from high school, he relocated to Nashville, where he sang with the Christ Church Choir. After meeting with Naomi Judd, he was offered a spot with The Imperials (1990–1993) and then with the Gaither Vocal Band(1994–1997).
Pierce released several albums on Curb Records and was nominated for a Dove Award in 1999. His 2000 release, "Sanctuary", hit No. 35 on the Billboard Top Contemporary Christian Albums chart.
Pierce appeared in the part of Joseph in the Nashville revival of "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat" in December 1999. He is also an interior designer, being the lead designer for CMT's "Ultimate Country Home" series in 2003.
Jonathan currently resides in Nashville, TN where he is owner and operator of his own business Pierce and Company.

</doc>
<doc id="18966844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966844" title="Fryszerka, Opoczno County">
Fryszerka, Opoczno County

Fryszerka is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966845" title="Gapinin">
Gapinin

Gapinin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Poświętne, north-east of Opoczno, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966848" title="Gapinin-Kolonia">
Gapinin-Kolonia

Gapinin-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966852" title="Kozłowiec, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kozłowiec, Łódź Voivodeship

Kozłowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966853" title="Małoszyce">
Małoszyce

Małoszyce may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18966854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966854" title="Małoszyce, Łódź Voivodeship">
Małoszyce, Łódź Voivodeship

Małoszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Poświętne, north of Opoczno, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966857" title="Mysiakowiec">
Mysiakowiec

Mysiakowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Poświętne, north of Opoczno, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966859" title="Falcone">
Falcone

Falcone may refer to:
People with the surname Falcone:
Fictional characters:
In airports:
In geography:
In music:
In television:

</doc>
<doc id="18966860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966860" title="Ponikła, Łódź Voivodeship">
Ponikła, Łódź Voivodeship

Ponikła is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Poświętne, north of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966865" title="Poręby, Opoczno County">
Poręby, Opoczno County

Poręby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Poświętne, north-east of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966871" title="Poświętne, Opoczno County">
Poświętne, Opoczno County

Poświętne is a village in Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Poświętne. It lies approximately north of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 412.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966873" title="Stefanów, Opoczno County">
Stefanów, Opoczno County

Stefanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Poświętne, north of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966876" title="Studzianna, Łódź Voivodeship">
Studzianna, Łódź Voivodeship

Studzianna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Poświętne, north of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966878" title="Wólka Kuligowska">
Wólka Kuligowska

Wólka Kuligowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Poświętne, north of Opoczno, and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966893" title="Amankənd">
Amankənd

Amankənd (also, Əmənkənd and Armen-Keno) is a village and municipality in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,245. 

</doc>
<doc id="18966895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966895" title="Antoninów">
Antoninów

Antoninów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18966897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966897" title="Antoninów, Opoczno County">
Antoninów, Opoczno County

Antoninów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Sławno, north-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966901" title="Antoniówka, Opoczno County">
Antoniówka, Opoczno County

Antoniówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sławno, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966902" title="Bratków, Łódź Voivodeship">
Bratków, Łódź Voivodeship

Bratków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Sławno, north-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966904" title="Celestynów">
Celestynów

Celestynów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18966906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966906" title="Celestynów, Opoczno County">
Celestynów, Opoczno County

Celestynów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sławno, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966909" title="Dąbrowa, Opoczno County">
Dąbrowa, Opoczno County

Dąbrowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966913" title="Dąbrówka, Gmina Sławno">
Dąbrówka, Gmina Sławno

Dąbrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966916" title="Gawrony, Opoczno County">
Gawrony, Opoczno County

Gawrony is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sławno, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966917" title="Grążowice">
Grążowice

Grążowice is a village In the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966919" title="Grudzeń-Kolonia">
Grudzeń-Kolonia

Grudzeń-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966922" title="Grudzeń-Las">
Grudzeń-Las

Grudzeń-Las is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966923" title="Józefów, Opoczno County">
Józefów, Opoczno County

Józefów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966927" title="Kamień, Opoczno County">
Kamień, Opoczno County

Kamień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Sławno, north-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966931" title="Kamilówka">
Kamilówka

Kamilówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966934" title="Kozenin">
Kozenin

Kozenin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sławno, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966937" title="Kunice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kunice, Łódź Voivodeship

Kunice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sławno, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966939" title="Ludwinów, Opoczno County">
Ludwinów, Opoczno County

Ludwinów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966943" title="Olszewice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Olszewice, Łódź Voivodeship

Olszewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. Its coordinates are 52 12' 00" N and 21 49' 00" W. Its neighbouring districts are Chroscice, Falbogi, Gojsc, Grodzisk, Kaluszyn, Kluki, Kruki, Mroczki, Mrozy, Rudka, Rudniki, Ryczolek, Szymony, Wasy, Wity.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966945" title="Olszowiec, Opoczno County">
Olszowiec, Opoczno County

Olszowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies west of Sławno, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966946" title="Ostrożna">
Ostrożna

Ostrożna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966949" title="Graciela Stefani">
Graciela Stefani

Graciela Stefani (born ) is an Argentine screen and stage actress who portrayed Malala Torres-Oviedo de Santillán in "Floricienta," a telenovela based on the Cinderella story. She also gives drama classes.

</doc>
<doc id="18966951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966951" title="Owadów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Owadów, Łódź Voivodeship

Owadów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sławno, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966955" title="Popławy, Łódź Voivodeship">
Popławy, Łódź Voivodeship

Popławy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sławno, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966960" title="Prymusowa Wola">
Prymusowa Wola

Prymusowa Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sławno, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966963" title="Psary, Opoczno County">
Psary, Opoczno County

Psary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sławno, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966964" title="Sepno-Radonia">
Sepno-Radonia

Sepno-Radonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966967" title="Sławno, Łódź Voivodeship">
Sławno, Łódź Voivodeship

Sławno is a village in Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sławno. It lies approximately west of Opoczno and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 384.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966970" title="Sławno-Kolonia">
Sławno-Kolonia

Sławno-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966974" title="Szadkowice, Opoczno County">
Szadkowice, Opoczno County

Szadkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sławno, north-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 280.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966976" title="Tomaszówek">
Tomaszówek

Tomaszówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Sławno, north-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966978" title="Sattu">
Sattu

Sattu is a foodstuff in South Asia consisting of a mixture of ground pulses and cereals. The dry powder is prepared in various ways as a principal or secondary ingredient of dishes. It originated in Bihar, India but is popular over a wide area of India and Pakistan.
Ingredients.
Sattu is a mixture of pulses and cereals that are ground and often toasted. The ingredients and proportions vary widely.
Typical pulses used include
Cereals may include
and sometimes the legume soy beans.
Use.
Sattu is the basis of several dishes. It is commonly served cold for breakfast as a porridge or soft dough. Sweet dishes combine sattu with fruit slices, sugar and milk. In savoury dishes sattu may be flavored with green chili, lemon juice and salt. It is a popular stuffing in parathas.
Geography.
Sattu originated in Bihar, India. It is popular in the states of Uttar Pradesh, Uttrakhand, Madhya Pradesh Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal and Orissa in India as well as in the province of Punjab in Pakistan.
Other names.
Sattu may also be known as "Chhatua" (in Oriya language) or archaically as "Sat-Anaaj".

</doc>
<doc id="18966980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966980" title="Trojanów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Trojanów, Łódź Voivodeship

Trojanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sławno, north-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966982" title="Unewel">
Unewel

Unewel is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sławno, north-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966985" title="Wincentynów">
Wincentynów

Wincentynów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Sławno, north-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966989" title="Wygnanów, Gmina Sławno">
Wygnanów, Gmina Sławno

Wygnanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966991" title="Zachorzów">
Zachorzów

Zachorzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sławno, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18966992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966992" title="International Bank of Azerbaijan">
International Bank of Azerbaijan

The International Bank of Azerbaijan is the state-controlled bank operating in the Republic of Azerbaijan. Headquartered in Baku, the bank consists of 36 branches and 95 service outlets in more than 40 cities.
Within the South Caucasus region, IBA has the largest asset scope, customer base, and international business of all banks. IBA has more than 30,000 corporate customers and 400,000 individual customers. Nearly all large and medium companies that have operations in Azerbaijan are IBA customers.
Over 1,300 people work at IBA. According to "CISTRAN Finance", IBA is one of the world's 1,000 largest and most stable banks in 2013. Jahangir Hajiyev joined the bank in 1995 as chairman of the Credit Committee and director of Credit and Investments. He has served as chairman since 2001.
History.
Early years.
The bank began in 1990 as a branch office of Russian bank “Vneshekonombank” (RUS: Внешэкономбанк). In 1992, the office grew into a full joint-stock bank.
In 1996, IBA founded the credit card processing company AzeriCard.
The bank began relationships with both Visa and MasterCard in 1997, and the bank began issuing bank cards using those systems.
Rapid growth.
The few years after 2000 marked a period of growth and international recognition for IBA.
In 2002, the bank accomplished many growth initiatives, including:
World stage.
The IBA management team laid a foundation for growth in the 2000s. Chairman Hajiyev led the bank to international prominence, and by 2010, the bank was recognized as entering the world stage as a major player. The bank opened many international representative offices in the 2000s, including offices in the London, Frankfurt, Luxembourg, and Dubai.
In 2009, the bank established an official presence in the United States of America with an office in New York.
In 2010, IBA participated in the United Nations 7th Meeting of the Global Compact Working Group on the 10th Principle against Corruption.
Financial.
In 2013, the bank's assets increased to 7.17 billion AZN. On January 1, 2014, the bank's loan portfolio amounted to over 5 billion AZN. The loan portfolio dollar amount great by 30 percent between 2012 and 2013.
Deposits.
Deposits at IBA have increased 20.2% since the beginning of 2012. Total deposits amount to 1.165 billion 
manat.
Dividends.
In November 2012, shareholders voted to pay over 63 percent of undistributed profits as dividends. Approximately 8.6 million manat will be paid out as dividends. For 2009, 2010, and 2010, the bank's net profit amounted to 200.958 million manat. Revenues equaled 1.2 billion manat.
Market position.
As of July 1, 2012, IBA held the following sector positions:
Moody's.
On May 30, 2013, Moody’s Investors Service announced that it upgraded the bank’s outlook to “Stable” in the following ratings:
Performance.
On April 22, 2013, the bank announced its key financial results for 2012:
Portfolio.
The bank's portfolio information for 2012-2013 includes the following:
Assets.
As of July 31, 2013, the bank’s assets amounted to AZN 6.42 billion. This figure amounted to an increase of over 25% over the prior year.
Equity portfolio.
See the Subsidiaries section above.
Financial audit.
The bank’s primary auditor is Deloitte & Touche.
Major loan activity.
In 2012, IBA signed a 5-year bilateral loan agreement for US $145 million. The bank entered the Islamic financing market in 2013 with an initial investment of US $120 million.
Total credit portfolio.
The bank holds over 34 percent of the total credit portfolio in Azerbaijan.
Corporate affairs.
Board of Directors.
IBA has four members on its Board of Directors:
The board of the bank will remain in office until July 2015.
Chairman of the Board.
Chairman Jahangir Hajiyev worked in the Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations of Azerbaijan from 1993 to 1995. He joined the International Bank of Azerbaijan in 1995.
Chairman Hajiyev attended Azerbaijan State University and graduated in 1986. In 1993, he earned an MBA at the University of Texas at Austin, and was awarded a Ph.D. in International Economics from the Institute of Economics, Russian Academy of Sciences in 2005.
He has received a number of awards, including Queen Victoria Commemorative Medal in London; EMEA Finance Leader of the Year; and Best CEO in the Central and Eastern Europe and the CIS.
Awards.
Dr. Hajiyev has received numerous international awards. For example, in 2012 Chairman Hajiyev was awarded "Leader of the Year" and "Best CEO" by the British journal "EMEA Finance".
International relationships.
Chairman Hajiyev has led the IBA to join TheCityUK as the first member from the Caspian region. TheCityUK is the new, independent membership body for promoting the UK-based financial and professional services industry.
Global conferences.
Chairman Hajiyev has taken a leadership role representing Azerbaijan before important regional and global economic conferences. In November 2012, London hosted the Caspian Corridor Conference, which Hajiyev helped lead.
The conference brought together global leaders of government, business, academia and media to examine challenges and opportunities facing the Caspian states and develop business solutions.
IBA was a co-sponsor of the event.
Headquarters.
The bank is building a new headquarters building that will be commissioned in 2014. The current headquarters is located in the central area of Baku.
Ownership.
The Azerbaijan Ministry of Finance is the bank’s main shareholder, possessing a 50.2 percent equity stake. The bank holds 40 to 50 percent of the Azerbaijan banking system’s total assets. Of the largest 10 banks in Azerbaijan, the bank holds 44.2% of assets, 47.6% of loans, 15.7% of retail loans, 39.4% of deposits, 30.5% of capital and 44.3% of banking sector profits.
Services.
Corporate customer services.
The bank offers various types of bank accounts for business customers.
Business loans.
The bank offers a number of business loans, including business project financing, loans syndication, and long-term loans.
Currency exchange.
IBA buys and sells various currencies by offering a currency exchange.
E-commerce.
The bank works with business customers to set up e-commerce services on the business’ website. The e-commerce system allows customers to use a Visa or MasterCard to buy merchandise and services online.
InternetBank.
The bank’s full-service online banking system is called InternetBank.
Salary card.
The bank also offers businesses and their employees a “salary card.” An employer puts money onto the card for an employee’s salary, bonuses, and any other types of pay.
Settlement services.
The bank offers a suite of corporate banking services called “settlement services.” The services includes accounts that use more than one currency, "salary cards,” cash deposits and withdrawal, money transfers and online account management.
Individual customer services.
Individual customers can get a MasterCard, Visa and American Express card through the bank. To date, the bank has issued over 2.5 million bank cards to customers.
The bank also provides “micro-loans,” which are loans up to 5,000 manat for customers age 20-65.  Individuals can also apply for regular short-term and long-term personal loans.
Individual customers can do online banking with IBA’s InternetBank system. Customers can pay bills online to various Azeri companies like Aztelekom, Azercell, Alfanet, and AzEuroTel. Customers can also set up automatic, recurring monthly payments. Customers can also make online purchases through the WebMoney, a service similar to PayPal.
For retired customers who receive pensions, the bank offers a service called Pension+. The bank gives interest-free loans of 100 manat or more. Repayments for the loan are made automatically when the customer gets their next pension deposit. Additionally, the IBA offers safety deposit boxes.
Private Banking.
The bank runs a private banking service for wealthy individuals called “Prestige Club.” The bank has described it as a personal banking service “designed to organize all processes in all areas of life” such as business, property, inheritance, and travel. Some of the services are only available for people who have over $50,000 USD in their account.
Operations.
Customer initiatives.
Although the bank offers many programs, the R@ndevu service and "Pension ATM" program have received media attention:
R@ndevu.
The bank offers customers a service known as “R@ndevu.” The service helps customers get appointments at branches without waiting in line. To do so, customers make appointments online or through the phone.
To run the program, the bank procured a “queue management system” known as eSirius produced by a French company called ESII.
Pension ATMs.
IBA is one of the banks that manages Azerbaijani pensions. In 2013, IBA will roll out new ATMs that people can use to draw out their pensions more easily.
Investment management.
The bank maintains a balanced portfolio of investment companies:
Construction.
The bank has also financed Akkord Industry Construction Investment Corporation, an Azeri construction company.
Energy.
IBA has played a significant financial role with the State Oil Company of Azerbaijan (SOCAR). In 2011, total liabilities of SOCAR to IBA amounted to 680 million manat.
Manufacturing.
In June 2012, it was reported in the Azeri-Press News Agency that the bank has financed construction of a weaving factory in the United Arab Emirates.
Methanol.
IBA has provided capital financing to AzMeCo, an Azerbaijani methanol production company. In November 2012, AzMeCo signed a contract with BP for the sale, purchase and marketing of methanol produced at the AzMeCo plant in Azerbaijan. The process will begin in 2013.
The cost of the plant construction will be US$360 million.
Mining.
Gold mining company Anglo-Asian Mining PLC got $30 million from IBA to construct an “agitation leaching plant.” IBA has provided Anglo-Asian Mining with a letter of intent that states the bank may provide up to an additional $42 million. The company will build the plant on the Gadabay gold and copper mine
International operations.
In May 2008, the bank became the Azerbaijan source for the issuance of Eurobonds and American Express credit cards. In July 2008, the bank received permission from the U.S. Federal Reserve Board to open a representative office in New York City. The bank is expanding internationally. In the first six months of 2012, direct investment into Azerbaijan increased to $2.2 billion, which was a 27 percent increase over the same period a year earlier.
Organizational structure.
The bank is structured around a boards, committees, departments, branches and sub-branches, representative offices and the bank's chief directors.
Syndicated Murabaha financing entity.
As of April 2013, the Accounting and Auditing Organization for Islamic Financial Institutions (AAOIFI) had approved the International Bank of Azerbaijan as a certified Islamic banking institution. IBA is now the only bank in Azerbaijan with the certification by AAOFI.
History.
On July 21, 2013, it was reported that Barwa Bank, Emirates NBD Capital Limited, J.P. Morgan Limited, and Noor Islamic Bank PJSC invested $120.5 million (U.S. dollars) into and created a syndicated Murabaha financing entity for the IBA.
Definition.
According to Investopedia, Murabaha is a loan that does not charge interest; instead, an intermediary holds ownership of the property until the buyer pays off the loan.
Azerbaijan's importance in the market.
In October 2012, "Azer News" reported that Azerbaijan is becoming a regional center for Islamic financing. According to the article, "Islamic financing is one of the fastest-growing segments of the global financial services industry worldwide. The International Bank of Azerbaijan (IBA), the country’s leading bank, has recently established an Islamic banking department..."
Program offerings.
The bank offers Murahaba (transactions with precious metals), Mudaraba (deposit transactions), Vakala (financial services), Icara (leasing), and Qard-al-Hasan (customer service).
The IBA would use proceeds from the entity to finance its line of Shariah-compliant loans.
Qibla.
In 2013, IBA created a credit and debit card geared toward Islamic customers. The card, known as Qibla, has a digital compass that points to Mecca.
Subsidiaries.
The bank owns several subsidiaries which include direct subsidiary banks of IBA and non-banking sector companies.
IBA-Georgia.
International Bank of Azerbaijan-Georgia is a subsidiary bank of IBA in Tbilisi, Georgia, founded in 2007. The bank offers depository and commercial banking. Services include currency exchange, money transfer, deposits, and credit.
IBA-Georgia is a member of the Tbilisi Interbank Stock Exchange, Association of Banks of Georgia, and the Banking Association for Central and Eastern Europe. As of the end of 2010, earning assets increased by 35% over the year. Revenues and profits increased by 104% and 87% respectively.
IBA-Moscow.
IBA-Moscow is a subsidiary bank of the IBA in Moscow, Russia, that was started in 2002. The primary purpose is to deepen trade and economic ties between Russia and Azerbaijan and to provide services to Azerbaijani citizens who live in Russia. The bank is located at 125009, Moscow, ul. Tverskaya, 6, str. 2.
Non-banking sector investment companies.
These investments include:
Technology.
The bank is implementing a new ATM management system. Naumen Service Desk, which is a subsidiary of Naumen Company, is developing the system for IBA. Naumen is a software developer based in Russia. IBA and Naumen are leading Azerbaijan toward implementation of virtualization technology across multiple industries.
Public affairs.
Awards and recognition.
The bank has received awards and recognition from organizations around the world. Some of these include the following:
Best Bank in Azerbaijan.
IBA was named the Best Bank in Azerbaijan in "Global Finance" magazine's World's Best Banks 2012 rankings. "Global Finance" describes the rankings: "The winners are not always the biggest banks but rather the best—those with the qualities that corporations should look for when choosing a bank. These are banks with effective risk management systems, quality service and best practices in corporate governance."
Best Local Bank.
In May 2013, the bank was named “Best Local Bank” by EMEA Finance magazine. Each year, EMEA Finance gives “best bank” awards to banks in more than 20 different categories.
Investment Angel.
In 2011, at the International Banking Conference of CIS, the International Organization of Creditors awarded IBA with the Investment Angel award.
Top 200 in Eurasia.
In 2012, IBA was ranked number 38 in "Top 200 Banks in Eurasia" by "Business New Europe" magazine. IBA is the only bank from Azerbaijan included on the list.
World's Best Emerging Market Banks.
In 2012, "Global Finance" magazine named IBA as one of the World’s Best Emerging Market Banks in Asia. 
Community involvement.
In 2012, IBA began sponsoring an annual youth soccer tournament each summer. In 2013, the tournament will be held at Shafa Stadium from June 17–22. 
In 2012, 130 children from youth teams of professional soccer clubs in 8 countries attended. The countries were Azerbaijan, Turkey, Georgia, Sweden, Russia, Bulgaria, Ukraine and Estonia.
Cross-promotions.
The bank runs a promotion with Visa, Inc. called “'Pay by card Visa abroad and win a prize!” The bank gives prizes such as iPhones to customers who use their credit card outside of Azerbaijan.
In 2013, the bank partnered with Azercell and Visa for a joint promotion. The promotion gave free cell phone minutes to customers if they pay their cell phone bill with an IBA Visa debit card.
Memberships.
IBA is a member of the following professional organizations and systems:
Partnerships.
Some prominent businesses and organizations that have partnered with IBA include the following:
American Express.
On November 3, 2012, it was reported that the IBA and American Express have signed an exclusive cooperation deal. "According to the International Bank of Azerbaijan, this agreement will become a new step in the development of relations between International Bank of Azerbaijan and American Express."
Baku stock exchange.
IBA also holds a 47.6% ownership interest in Joint Leasing Closed Corporation and a 20% ownership interest in Baku Interbank Stock Exchange. Joint Leasing has 30 percent of the leasing market share in Azerbaijan, and its portfolio is valued at around $44 million.
MasterCard.
In April 2013, IBA began issuing MasterCard debit cards. The debit card lines include standard MasterCard, MasterCard gold, and MasterCard platinum.
Microsoft.
In 2013, IBA and the Microsoft Corporation signed a long-term enterprise agreement. The agreement allows IBA to use Microsoft software on its computer systems.
Privatization.
While the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has continued to push for privatization of the bank, Vahid Akhundov, who is the Azerbaijan State Councilor for Economic Issues, has said that state-owned banks have a legitimate role in Azerbaijan and in other countries. Mr. Akhundov has also acknowledged that the existence of IBA as a state-owned bank has eliminated past problems.

</doc>
<doc id="18966993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18966993" title="Zachorzów-Kolonia">
Zachorzów-Kolonia

Zachorzów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sławno, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967000" title="Adamów, Gmina Żarnów">
Adamów, Gmina Żarnów

Adamów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967003" title="Afryka, Łódź Voivodeship">
Afryka, Łódź Voivodeship

Afryka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Żarnów, west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 41.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967005" title="Antoniów, Gmina Żarnów">
Antoniów, Gmina Żarnów

Antoniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967008" title="Bronów, Opoczno County">
Bronów, Opoczno County

Bronów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Żarnów, south of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967011" title="Budków, Opoczno County">
Budków, Opoczno County

Budków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967012" title="Chełsty">
Chełsty

Chełsty may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18967014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967014" title="Chełsty, Łódź Voivodeship">
Chełsty, Łódź Voivodeship

Chełsty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967016" title="Dąbie, Opoczno County">
Dąbie, Opoczno County

Dąbie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately southwest of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967018" title="Dłużniewice">
Dłużniewice

Dłużniewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967019" title="Grębenice">
Grębenice

Grębenice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Żarnów, south of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967021" title="Jasion">
Jasion

Jasion is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Żarnów, south of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967026" title="Kamieniec, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kamieniec, Łódź Voivodeship

Kamieniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967029" title="Klew">
Klew

Klew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967030" title="Klew-Kolonia">
Klew-Kolonia

Klew-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
The village has a population of 15.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967032" title="Ławki">
Ławki

Ławki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18967033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967033" title="Ławki, Łódź Voivodeship">
Ławki, Łódź Voivodeship

Ławki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967037" title="Łysa Góra, Łódź Voivodeship">
Łysa Góra, Łódź Voivodeship

Łysa Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Żarnów, south of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967041" title="Malenie, Opoczno County">
Malenie, Opoczno County

Malenie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967042" title="Malków">
Malków

Malków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967046" title="Marcinków, Łódź Voivodeship">
Marcinków, Łódź Voivodeship

Marcinków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967048" title="Potteries Shopping Centre">
Potteries Shopping Centre

The Potteries Shopping Centre (branded as Intu Potteries) is an indoor shopping centre in Hanley, Stoke on Trent, in the Staffordshire Potteries.
Stores and facilities.
The centre houses anchor outlets Primark and Debenhams, as well as a Starbucks coffee shop, a River Island clothing store and HMV entertainment store. On site facilities include a Customer Service Desk, multiple information and traffic kiosks, free ATM cash machines and public toilets.
Hanley Market Hall.
The centre also contains access to the Hanley Market Hall, which is dates back the 1600s. The market opened at its current location in 1987, although it still stands on the grounds of the 1849 market hall.

</doc>
<doc id="18967049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967049" title="Annan Shawhill railway station">
Annan Shawhill railway station

Annan Shawhill was a station which served Annan, in the Scottish county of Dumfries and Galloway. It was served by trains on a line which ran between from a junction with the Caledonian Railway Main Line at across the Glasgow South Western Line, then forming the Solway Junction Railway over the Solway Viaduct to England. 
Annan is now served by the former GSWR station.
History.
Opened by the Solway Junction Railway, then part of the Caledonian Railway it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passenger services were withdrawn in 1931 and the line south of Annan over the Solway Viaduct was closed completely. The line remained open from Annan to Kirtlebridge until 1955 for freight traffic when the line was then closed completely.
The site today.
The station house is now a private dwelling. [http://www.geograph.org.uk/photo/884207] In 1965 the goods shed still survived and the trackbed was in use as the route for the pipeline that carried waste water from Chapelcross nuclear power station.

</doc>
<doc id="18967050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967050" title="Miedzna Murowana">
Miedzna Murowana

Miedzna Murowana is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żarnów, south of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 557.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967051" title="Boulton &amp; Paul Bugle">
Boulton &amp; Paul Bugle

The Boulton & Paul Bugle was a British medium bomber design built to meet Air Ministry Specification 30/22. 
It drew on the company's experience with the Boulton Paul Bolton and Boulton & Paul Bourges.
There were two variants; the Bugle I with 400 hp (298 kW) Bristol Jupiter II radial engines (5 built) and the Napier Lion W-block Bugle II (2 built)

</doc>
<doc id="18967055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967055" title="DRG locomotive classification">
DRG locomotive classification

The DRG locomotive classification system was developed by the German Imperial Railway Company or Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG), which was formed in 1924 following the merger of the German state railways ("Länderbahnen") in 1920. A common classification and numbering scheme was needed in order to organise effectively the four hundred or so different steam locomotive classes taken over from the state railways, as well as new locomotives. This process lasted until 1926. Only then was the final renumbering plan fixed. 
Similar systems for electric and internal combustion engined locomotives and railbuses were not developed until the 1930s, as the numbers of these types of motive power continued to rise and the previous schemes proved no longer adequate.
This classification or numbering system was repeatedly adjusted, and was continued by the Deutsche Bundesbahn until 1968 and by the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany until 1970. After that the two German railway administrations introduced new computerised vehicle numbers; nevertheless the new DB classification scheme and DR classification scheme were still based on that of the DRG. In addition to the class numbers, a secondary system of German locomotive types was developed that contained the most important operating parameters of the locomotives and which was usually displayed on the cab sides.
Steam Locomotives.
The basic numbering system for steam locomotives comprised a class number and a serial number. The class number had two digits, the serial number had three to four digits.
New locomotives procured by the DRG were allocated their own class number. Locomotives taken over from the state railways on the foundation of the DRG were grouped into overall classes according to wheel arrangement and role, with each sub-class ("Gattung", the equivalent of a former state railway 'class') being allocated its own range of serial numbers within its class.
A system of 99 class numbers ("Baureihennummer", originally called "Stammnummer") was established which were grouped as follows:
The lower class numbers in each of the first five groups were reserved for the new standard locomotives "Einheitslokomotiven" that were to be built. The higher numbers in each group were given to the state railway locomotives inherited by the DRG. Their division into state railway sub-classes was achieved by allocating sequential serial numbers, with the last two digits of the serial number being used to denote the individual vehicle and the one or two preceding digits indicating its sub-class.
Locomotives that were on the verge of retirement, were given serial numbers from 7001 onwards. Locomotive sub-classes were indicated by a superscript such as '983'. The simplified way of writing this was to write the sub-class after a decimal point so that a 'Class 983' could also be written 'Class 98.3'. The class number was independent of the type of tender attached. Tenders did not have their own numbers but displayed the number of their locomotive at the rear. The Deutsche Bundesbahn and the East German Deutsche Reichsbahn later incorporated additional classes within the classification scheme for new locomotives as well as for many of the rebuilt engines.
Electric Locomotives.
The renumbering of electric locomotives followed in 1926/1927 and used a similar scheme as that employed for the steam locomotives, with a main class number and a serial number. They were distinguished from steam locomotives by a preceding letter "E". The engines were arranged according to top speed and the number of driven and carrying axles.
If the characteristics and design were otherwise the same, locomotives with a side-rod drive were given lower class numbers than those with individually driven axles.
As a result of technological advances the system was later further expanded and adapted. This resulted in the following scheme:
Locomotives with Internal Combustion Engines.
Locomotives with internal combustion engines were renumbered in 1930/1931. Up to that point the DRG used a provisional system.
Like the leading "E" used with electric locomotives, these engines were allocated the letter "V" for "Verbrennungslokomotive" (internal combustion locomotive). This was followed by a four-digit operating number, the first two digits representing the class and the last two the serial number.
The locomotives were numbered in a direct sequence one after the other without any regard to the different types. 
From 1931 a considerably better system was introduced. This distinguished between larger locomotives of more than 150 PS and the so-called 'small locomotives, of which the "Köf I, II and III" are probably the best-known examples.
The letter "V" was retained and was followed by two- or three-digit class numbers and three-digit serial numbers.
The class number was derived from the locomotive power. The number represented one-tenth of its power in PS.
Serial numbers 001–899 were intended for standard gauge locomotives and 901–999 for narrow gauge locomotives.
Small Locomotives.
The term 'small locomotive' was introduced by the Deutsche Reichsbahn in 1931 for engines that were employed in shunting duties, by stations and industrial installations. However they required clearance for working on the open line in order, for example, to be able to deliver goods wagons to junctions outside of station yards. Within this 'job description' there were vehicles called "Rangierschlepper" that worked exclusively within station yards and industrial sidings. The limit was an engine power of less than 150 PS and a top speed of no more than 30 km/h.
Small locomotives were designated with the letter "K" for "Kleinlokomotiven". 
The main letter was supplemented by two further letters describing its technical features:
In addition the operating numbers were divided into power groups:
Railbuses.
Railbuses were arranged by the DRG within the spare number ranges for passenger coaches. No special letter was allocated to these vehicles. The numbers available were: 1–10 199 and from 133 000.
Steam Railbuses.
Numbers 1-200 were reserved for steam railbuses. Operating numbers were supplemented by the name of the Reichsbahn railway division in which they were stationed. Two-axled railbuses were given numbers starting at 1, four-axled ones numbers starting at 51. The letters DT were never officially used.
Electric Railbuses.
In 1924 the electric railbuses in the railway divisions of Altona, Breslau and Munich were initially given the numbers starting at 501 for driving coaches and 5001 for trailer coaches. In addition they were given the name of their home division. Because every Reichsbahn division therefore had numbers beginning with 501, there were many cases of several vehicles with the same number which could only be distinguished by their divisional name. Subsequently new procurements for other divisions were also incorporated into this system.
S-Bahn vehicles in Berlin were allocated numbers from 2051 for driving coaches and 5051 for trailer coaches. 
In 1930, the DRG renumbered these vehicles, resulting in every four-digit operating number only being available once. Catenary railbuses were allocated the range of numbers from 1000 to 1999 and their associated trailer cars were given numbers from 2001. Power coaches on the Berlin S-Bahn were numbered from 3001 onwards; their driving coaches were given numbers starting at 5001 and the trailer coaches at 6001. 
In 1940 new designations were decreed by the "RZA München". The classification system comprised a leading pair of letters plus a two- or three-digit class number and a two-digit serial number.
Group letters:
Class numbers:
Number ranges for railbuses were further divided based on their role:
Accumulator Cars.
The DRG organised accumulator cars from 1924 into the number range 201–700. Like the electric railbuses, each division began to number its vehicles from 201 onwards. As a result of the obvious disadvantage of this system (several vehicles could have the same number and were only distinguishable by the name of their division), the DRG re-introduced the system that had been used by the Prussian state railways since 1910.
All vehicles were numbered in sequenced starting with 201. Centre coaches were given a leading '0'. The designation AT was only used unofficially.
In 1940 new rules were issued by the "RZA München" for the designation of accumulator cars, however they were not renumbered until 1948 and then by the Deutsche Bundesbahn. The system envisaged the introduction of a system similar to that of the electric railbuses, with a leading letter group, a class number and a serial number.
Letter groups:
Because all railbuses were regarded as DC vehicles, they were given a class number range of 100–199 and were organised as follows:
Internal Combustion Engined Railbuses.
From 1924, railbuses with internal combustion engines were allocated the number range 701–899. Again the operating number was supplemented by the name of the division to which the vehicle belonged.
To distinguish between the various types, the following system was adopted:
When the railbuses were taken over by the Federal Railways of Austria ("BBÖ"), numbers after 900 had to be reserved. For goods railbuses, numbers from 10 001 were used.
As a result of the rising procurement of new railbuses these numbers were no longer sufficient. So, from 1932, numbers from 133 000 were used for the new vehicles of 'light construction' or 'light railbuses'. The organisation of these vehicles was as follows:
The numbering of vehicles followed the order in which they were delivered, which meant that vehicles of the same class were not numbered sequentially. The letters VT and SVT were never officially used.
A classification system comparable to that of the electric railbuses was introduced by the Deutsche Bundesbahn in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18967056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967056" title="Młynek, Opoczno County">
Młynek, Opoczno County

Młynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967060" title="Myślibórz, Łódź Voivodeship">
Myślibórz, Łódź Voivodeship

Myślibórz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967064" title="Nadole">
Nadole

Nadole may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18967065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967065" title="Nadole, Łódź Voivodeship">
Nadole, Łódź Voivodeship

Nadole is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żarnów, south of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967068" title="Niemojowice">
Niemojowice

Niemojowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967071" title="Niemojowice-Kolonia">
Niemojowice-Kolonia

Niemojowice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Żarnów, south of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967072" title="Nowa Góra, Łódź Voivodeship">
Nowa Góra, Łódź Voivodeship

Nowa Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967073" title="Odrowąż">
Odrowąż

Odrowąż may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18967074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967074" title="Odrowąż, Opoczno County">
Odrowąż, Opoczno County

Odrowąż is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967077" title="Paszkowice">
Paszkowice

Paszkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Żarnów, south of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967078" title="Pilichowice">
Pilichowice

Pilichowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967082" title="Poręba, Łódź Voivodeship">
Poręba, Łódź Voivodeship

Poręba is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967084" title="Ruszenice">
Ruszenice

Ruszenice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967086" title="Ruszenice-Kolonia">
Ruszenice-Kolonia

Ruszenice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967088" title="Siedlów">
Siedlów

Siedlów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Żarnów, south-west of Vallis Capella, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967090" title="Rodney Pattisson">
Rodney Pattisson

Rodney Stuart Pattisson, MBE (born 5 August 1943) is an English yachtsman. He is a double Olympic gold medalist in sailing won at the 1968 Mexico City Olympics and 1972 Munich Olympics all in the Flying Dutchman class. He also won a silver medal at the 1976 Montreal Olympics in the same class to become Great Britain’s most successful Olympic yachtsman until Ben Ainslie overtook him with 3 gold medals and a silver medal at four different Olympic Games at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Pattisson was a member of Itchenor Sailing Club.
Sailing career.
Pattisson was born in Campbeltown, Argyll, Scotland, where his father was posted as an airman during World War II. His family left Scotland just two months after Rodney's birth, and he has never lived in Scotland since then. Both his parents were English, and he identifies himself as English, not Scottish, despite commonly being referred to as a Scot in public sources.
He went to school at Pangbourne College, which was founded in 1917 as the Pangbourne Nautical College. The College prepared boys to be officers in Royal Navy, a tradition he followed on leaving the college.
He later teamed up with the London solicitor, Iain MacDonald-Smith and won the 1968 Olympic trials. They travelled to Mexico two months before the start of the Olympics in order to acclimatise themselves to the local conditions In 1968 Pattisson and MacDonald-Smith won the gold medal in the Flying Dutchman class in the Olympic Games on their boat "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious", which was shortened by race officials to "Superdocious". Notes from the race indicate that its dominating length of lead mirrored the length of name. The boat is now in the collection of the National Maritime Museum Cornwall. At the time it was noted that in winning the gold, Pattisson became the first "Scot" to win an Olympic medal in sailing. Both Pattisson and MacDonald-Smith went on to win the FD (Flying Dutchman) World Championship in 1969 and 1970. After his Olympic victory in 1968, Pattisson resigned his commission in the Royal Navy so as to give himself more time for training. As Lieutenant Rodney Stuart Pattisson, he was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 1969 New Year Honours for his services to yachting. He won another World Championship in 1971, but this time it was with Julian Brooke-Houghton. A second Olympic gold medal followed in 1972 with Christopher Davies and in 1976 Pattisson took the silver medal again with Julian Brooke-Houghton. Pattisson was honoured by being the flag-bearer at the opening ceremony of the 1976 Montreal Olympics. 
Pattisson then retired from the Olympics and later co-skippered the "Victory 83", the Peter de Savary entry in the America's Cup in 1983.
He was later elected to the Sailing Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18967092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967092" title="Sielec, Gmina Żarnów">
Sielec, Gmina Żarnów

Sielec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967094" title="Skórkowice">
Skórkowice

Skórkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967097" title="Skumros">
Skumros

Skumros is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967099" title="Soczówki">
Soczówki

Soczówki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Żarnów, south of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967100" title="Straszowa Wola">
Straszowa Wola

Straszowa Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967106" title="Tomaszów, Opoczno County">
Tomaszów, Opoczno County

Tomaszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967115" title="One on One (novel)">
One on One (novel)

One on One is a 1993 fictional novel by author Tabitha King, set in the fictional New England town of Nodd's Ridge. The book was published by Dutton Adult.
Plot synopsis.
"One on One" follows Sam and Deanie, two high school students that are more different than they are alike. The two fall in love, only to be faced with multiple adversities, from rivals to sports.
Reception.
Reception for One on One was mostly positive, with Entertainment Weekly giving the novel a rating of B+. The Chicago Tribune wrote that the book "stands up on its own merits".
The novel was overall panned by the Arizona Daily Star, saying that King was "a hack", although admitting that "(a)nyone who can go through the grueling process of writing a novel and getting it published deserves a lot of credit." Publishers Weekly gave an ambivalent review, praising the characters while criticizing the plot as "flabby".

</doc>
<doc id="18967118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967118" title="Topolice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Topolice, Łódź Voivodeship

Topolice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 310.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967121" title="Trojanowice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Trojanowice, Łódź Voivodeship

Trojanowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967123" title="Raymond E. Wyant">
Raymond E. Wyant

Raymond E. Wyant was Chief Judge of the Provincial Court of Manitoba, Canada. He was appointed as a judge in 1998 and made chief judge in 2002 and acted as such until 2009. Wyant received his law degree from the University of Manitoba. Before being appointed to the bench, he worked both as a defence lawyer and as a crown attorney. He has taught courses in Criminal Law and advocacy at the University of Manitoba.

</doc>
<doc id="18967124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967124" title="Widuch">
Widuch

Widuch is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
It is also a surname.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967128" title="Wierzchowisko">
Wierzchowisko

Wierzchowisko may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18967131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967131" title="Wierzchowisko, Łódź Voivodeship">
Wierzchowisko, Łódź Voivodeship

Wierzchowisko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Żarnów, south of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 111.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967132" title="Zdyszewice">
Zdyszewice

Zdyszewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Żarnów, south-west of Opoczno, and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967136" title="Seismoelectrical method">
Seismoelectrical method

The seismoelectrical method (also called the electroseismic method) is based on the generation of electromagnetic fields in soils and rocks by seismic waves. Although the method is not reported to detect groundwater flow, it does measure the hydraulic conductivity, which is related to permeability and, therefore, to the potential for groundwater flow.
Operation.
When a seismic wave encounters an interface, it creates a charge separation at the interface forming an electric dipole. This dipole radiates an electromagnetic wave that can be detected by antennae on the ground surface.
As the seismic (P or compression) waves stress earth materials, four geophysical phenomenon occur:
The dominant application of the electroseismic method is to measure the electrokinetic effect or streaming potential (item 2, above). Electrokinetic effects are initiated by sound waves (typically P-waves) passing through a porous rock inducing relative motion of the rock matrix and fluid. Motion of the ionic fluid through the capillaries in the rock occurs with cations (or less commonly, anions) preferentially adhering to the capillary walls, so that applied pressure and resulting fluid flow relative to the rock matrix produces an electric dipole. In a non-homogeneous formation, the seismic wave generates an oscillating flow of fluid and a corresponding oscillating electrical and EM field. The resulting EM wave can be detected by electrode pairs placed on the ground surface.
Surface seismic sources and measurement electrode pairs are generally used to measure the electrokinetic effect. Borehole systems also have been recently developed. A hammer blow or small explosive (black powder) are typically used for the seismic source. Two, short (few meters) electrode pairs are typically located collinear and symmetric to the seismic source. Stacking of repeat seismic "shots" is often used to improve signal to noise.
Commercial systems.
The only company found that produces a commercially available electroseismic prospecting system is GroundFlow Ltd. in the UK. This system has been mainly used for field demonstration purposes and research and development studies. Very few detailed case histories are available to web manual the performance of the system. The electroseismic system made by GroundFlow is called "GroundFlow 3000" and the main equipment components are:
The computer-receiver contains a preamplifier, analog-to-digital converter and power supply system to measure the voltages induced in the grounded dipoles.
The hammer-and-plate seismic source is used along with two pairs of electrodes arranged in a straight line with electrodes offset (from the center of the array) by 0.25 and 2.25 m. The seismic source is positioned in the center of the array. Larger electrode spacing can be used; however, they are typically centered in pairs around the shot point and are generally less than about 10 m in length. Timing of the measurement is achieved by a hammer trigger (or other mechanical trigger). Measurements are made for a period of 400 ms after triggering. The last 200 ms of the record is used as a sample of background noise and is subtracted from the first 200 ms of signal in order to remove the first, third, and fifth harmonics of the background noise at the receivers. This noise is typically from power lines.
Data acquisition, processing, and interpretation.
Measurements are recorded using the instrument and system setup described above. Data processing consists of stacking repetitive hammer (or explosive) shots and removal of power line and other noise as described above. This processing is conducted on the computer-receiver while in the field. Depending upon field conditions, up to 20 soundings can be conducted in a day. It is expected that measurement time will increase proportionally with stacking times, and that long stacking times would be needed in the vicinity of power lines.
The signal files are processed to give a sounding plot of permeability and porosity against one-way seismic travel time. Values for a simple seismic velocity model are required to allow time-to-depth conversion. The resulting logs against depth are displayed in the field. 
Output from the electroseismic inversion is typically a plot showing hydraulic conductivity versus depth. This interpretation assumes a one-dimensional layered earth. In theory, the inversion also can derive fluid conductivity and fluid viscosity from the rise time of the signal. Where many soundings are measured in close vicinity, a pseudo 2-D cross-section can be generated. 
The maximum depth of penetration of electroseismic measurements is stated to be about 500 m depending upon ambient noise and water content. Lateral resolution is not stated in the literature but is expected to be on the order of the depth of exploration. No information was found regarding the vertical resolution of the method.
Limitations.
The electroseismic method is apparently susceptible to electrical noise from nearby higher voltage power lines. Typical electroseismic signals are at the microvolt level. The electroseismic signal is proportional to the pressure of the seismic wave. Thus, it would seem possible to increase the signal by using stronger seismic sources. This is not mentioned in the literature. Electroseismic soundings have a maximum exploration depth of about 500 m in the reported literature.
Examples of successful field studies.
The propagation of seismic waves in porous rocks is associated with a small transient deformation of rock matrix and pore space which can cause electromagnetic fields of observable amplitude if the pores are saturated. Seismoelectric field measurements are expected to help localize permeable layers in porous rocks and provide information about anelastic properties such as hydraulic permeability or fluid chemistry. This theoretical potential for hydrogeological applications, however, is so far confirmed only by a very limited number of reliable field studies. In addition, these studies usually show only one example of a successful detection of seismoelectric signals. As a consequence, the seismoelectric method is still far from being routinely used.

</doc>
<doc id="18967142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967142" title="Dudley by-election, 1968">
Dudley by-election, 1968

The Dudley by-election, 1968 was a by-election held for the British House of Commons constituency of Dudley in Worcestershire on 28 March 1968. It was won by the Conservative Party candidate Donald Williams.
Vacancy.
The seat had become vacant when the Labour Member of Parliament (MP), George Wigg had been appointed Chairman of the Horserace Betting Levy Board on 16 November 1967. He had held the seat since the 1945 general election and had served as Paymaster General in the Government of Harold Wilson. He was also elevated to the House of Lords as Baron Wigg, of the Borough of Dudley.
Result.
The result was a clear victory for Williams in what had been a Labour safe seat. It was one of the three Conservative gains from Labour on the same day, the others being at Acton and Meriden.
Williams held the seat until the 1970 general election, when he lost the seat back to the Labour candidate, John Gilbert.

</doc>
<doc id="18967154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967154" title="Budy Dłutowskie">
Budy Dłutowskie

Budy Dłutowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dłutów, south of Pabianice, and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967156" title="Czyżemin">
Czyżemin

Czyżemin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dłutów, south-east of Pabianice, and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967157" title="Dąbrowa, Pabianice County">
Dąbrowa, Pabianice County

Dąbrowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Dłutów, south of Pabianice, and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967158" title="Dłutów">
Dłutów

Dłutów is a village in Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dłutów. It lies approximately south of Pabianice and south of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 1,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967160" title="Dłutówek">
Dłutówek

Dłutówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Dłutów, south of Pabianice, and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967162" title="Drzewociny">
Drzewociny

Drzewociny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Dłutów, south-west of Pabianice, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967168" title="Huta Dłutowska">
Huta Dłutowska

Huta Dłutowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Dłutów, south of Pabianice, and south of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967169" title="Kociołki-Las">
Kociołki-Las

Kociołki-Las is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967170" title="Łaziska, Łódź Voivodeship">
Łaziska, Łódź Voivodeship

Łaziska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dłutów, south of Pabianice, and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967171" title="Lesieniec">
Lesieniec

Lesieniec may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18967173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967173" title="Lesieniec, Łódź Voivodeship">
Lesieniec, Łódź Voivodeship

Lesieniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Dłutów, south-east of Pabianice, and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967176" title="Leszczyny Duże">
Leszczyny Duże

Leszczyny Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dłutów, south of Pabianice, and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967181" title="Leszczyny Małe">
Leszczyny Małe

Leszczyny Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Dłutów, south of Pabianice, and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967182" title="Mierzączka Duża">
Mierzączka Duża

Mierzączka Duża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Dłutów, south-west of Pabianice, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 190.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967185" title="Orzk">
Orzk

Orzk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dłutów, south of Pabianice, and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967187" title="Drugs (song)">
Drugs (song)

"Drugs" is a song by Ammonia, released as their debut single from their debut album "Mint 400" in 1995, however two songs had been released prior as EPs, "In A Box" and "Sleepwalking". The song was an instant hit and is still regarded as one of the bands most recognized songs.
Lead singer Dave Johnstone is quoted as saying 'There isn't really that much of a message, "Drugs" is about apathy towards drugs'. The song was written in five minutes during a rehearsal and peaked at #32 on the Australian Singles chart and came in at #27 on Triple J’s Hottest 100 for 1995. In North America, it reached #29 on the Billboard's Hot Modern Rock Tracks and #22 on the Canadian rock/alternative chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18967188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967188" title="Pawłówek, Łódź Voivodeship">
Pawłówek, Łódź Voivodeship

Pawłówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Dłutów, south-west of Pabianice, and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967189" title="Piętków">
Piętków

Piętków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Dłutów, south of Pabianice, and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967190" title="Redociny">
Redociny

Redociny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Dłutów, south of Pabianice, and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967192" title="Ślądkowice">
Ślądkowice

Ślądkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Dłutów, south-west of Pabianice, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967195" title="Stoczki-Porąbki">
Stoczki-Porąbki

Stoczki-Porąbki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Dłutów, south of Pabianice, and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967201" title="Świerczyna, Pabianice County">
Świerczyna, Pabianice County

Świerczyna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Dłutów, south of Pabianice, and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967202" title="Tążewy">
Tążewy

Tążewy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Dłutów, south of Pabianice, and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967212" title="Barycz, Pabianice County">
Barycz, Pabianice County

Barycz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dobroń, south-west of Pabianice, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967215" title="Chechło Drugie">
Chechło Drugie

Chechło Drugie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Dobroń, west of Pabianice, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967216" title="Chechło Pierwsze">
Chechło Pierwsze

Chechło Pierwsze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Dobroń, west of Pabianice, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967218" title="Dobroń Duży">
Dobroń Duży

Dobroń Duży is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967220" title="1998 Torneo Grandes de Centroamérica">
1998 Torneo Grandes de Centroamérica

The 1998 Torneo Grandes de Centroamérica was the 16th edition of the UNCAF Club Tournament and the third and last under this name. Costa Rican C.D. Saprissa obtained its 4th regional title.

</doc>
<doc id="18967223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967223" title="Dobroń Mały">
Dobroń Mały

Dobroń Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Dobroń, west of Pabianice, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967225" title="Dobroń Poduchowny">
Dobroń Poduchowny

Dobroń Poduchowny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967226" title="Holy Cross Elementary">
Holy Cross Elementary

Holy Cross Elementary is a Catholic elementary (K-7) school and follows the B.C. Ministry of Education Guidelines for its curriculum.
Extra Curricular Activities.
All this information added by a Holy Cross Student. 

</doc>
<doc id="18967229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967229" title="Ldzań">
Ldzań

Ldzań is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Dobroń, south-west of Pabianice, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 190.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967230" title="Markówka">
Markówka

Markówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Dobroń, west of Pabianice, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967231" title="Mogilno Duże">
Mogilno Duże

Mogilno Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Dobroń, south-west of Pabianice, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967232" title="KSNY (AM)">
KSNY (AM)

KSNY (1450 AM, "Life 1450") is the first radio station to air in Snyder, Texas. Before the advent of FM as a mainstream medium, KSNY adopted a block format, meaning different formats at different times of the day. In the 1970s, KSNY started the day with News and Talk, then in the mornings played Country Music; in the afternoons Adult Contemporary and at night Top 40 formats. A Latin format with a Spanish-speaking announcer aired on Sunday evenings until 1980 and then moved to weeknights from 6:00 - 7:00 p.m. The station also played Easy Listening and Gospel formats on Sunday mornings. KSNY was an affiliate of the Texas State Network, and most of its newscasts mirrored television airings (i.e. Noon, Six and Ten).
It was popular for the liner aired at 10:00 p.m. every night "It's Ten p.m., Do you know where your children are?".
For many years the station was owned partly by the local manager Mel Z. Gilbert and the Wendell Mayes interests (KCRS Midland).
Trivia.
The station's studios moved from KSNY drive, west of town, into the former Texas Utilities building next to the "SCAT" TV Cable building north of downtown Snyder square around 2002.
KSNY AM/FM was sold to Bill Jamar of Brownwood, Texas in 1994. It was previously owned by Paula Gilbert (of Snyder, TX), Wendell Mayes Jr. (of Austin, TX)and Bill Jamar of Brownwood.
Richie Cash was the D.J. of the 1990s. Under Paula and Paul Gilbert.

</doc>
<doc id="18967233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967233" title="Mogilno Małe">
Mogilno Małe

Mogilno Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Dobroń, south-west of Pabianice, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967236" title="Martin S. Minuk">
Martin S. Minuk

Martin Shayne "Marty" Minuk is a defence lawyer from Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. He received his law degree from the University of Manitoba in 1978. Since 2005, he has been a partner at the law firm Aikins, MacAulay, and Thorvaldson.
References.
http://www.aikins.com/index.php/Our-Team/107

</doc>
<doc id="18967237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967237" title="Morgi, Łódź Voivodeship">
Morgi, Łódź Voivodeship

Morgi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Dobroń, south-west of Pabianice, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967238" title="Orpelów">
Orpelów

Orpelów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Dobroń, west of Pabianice, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967239" title="Poleszyn">
Poleszyn

Poleszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Dobroń, west of Pabianice, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967241" title="Róża">
Róża

Róża may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18967246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967246" title="Róża, Łódź Voivodeship">
Róża, Łódź Voivodeship

Róża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Dobroń, south-west of Pabianice, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967247" title="Wymysłów Francuski">
Wymysłów Francuski

Wymysłów Francuski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dobroń, west of Pabianice, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967248" title="Wymysłów-Piaski">
Wymysłów-Piaski

Wymysłów-Piaski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Dobroń, west of Pabianice, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967251" title="John D. Daggett">
John D. Daggett

John D. Dagget (October 4, 1793– May 10, 1874) was the fifth mayor of St. Louis, Missouri, serving from 1841 to 1842.

</doc>
<doc id="18967255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967255" title="Mathematical economics">
Mathematical economics

Mathematical economics is the application of mathematical methods to represent theories and analyze problems in economics. By convention, the applied methods refer to those beyond simple geometry, such as differential and integral calculus, difference and differential equations, matrix algebra, mathematical programming, and other computational methods. An advantage claimed for the approach is its allowing formulation of theoretical relationships with rigor, generality, and simplicity.
It is argued that mathematics allows economists to form meaningful, testable propositions about wide-ranging and complex subjects which could less easily be expressed informally. Further, the language of mathematics allows economists to make specific, positive claims about controversial or contentious subjects that would be impossible without mathematics. Much of economic theory is currently presented in terms of mathematical economic models, a set of stylized and simplified mathematical relationships asserted to clarify assumptions and implications.     Arrow, Kenneth J., and Michael D. Intriligator, ed., (1981), v. 1     _____ (1982). v. 2     _____ (1986). v. 3     Hildenbrand, Werner, and Hugo Sonnenschein, ed. (1991). v. 4.   • Debreu, Gérard (1983). "Mathematical Economics: Twenty Papers of Gérard Debreu", Contents.   • Glaister, Stephen (1984). "Mathematical Methods for Economists", 3rd ed., Blackwell. Contents.   • Takayama, Akira (1985). "Mathematical Economics", 2nd ed. Cambridge.
Description and Contents.   • Michael Carter (2001). "Foundations of Mathematical Economics", MIT Press. Description and Contents.</ref>
Broad applications include:
Formal economic modeling began in the 19th century with the use of differential calculus to represent and explain economic behavior, such as utility maximization, an early economic application of mathematical optimization. Economics became more mathematical as a discipline throughout the first half of the 20th century, but introduction of new and generalized techniques in the period around the Second World War, as in game theory, would greatly broaden the use of mathematical formulations in economics.
This rapid systematizing of economics alarmed critics of the discipline as well as some noted economists. John Maynard Keynes, Robert Heilbroner, Friedrich Hayek and others have criticized the broad use of mathematical models for human behavior, arguing that some human choices are irreducible to mathematics.
History.
The use of mathematics in the service of social and economic analysis dates back to the 17th century. Then, mainly in German universities, a style of instruction emerged which dealt specifically with detailed presentation of data as it related to public administration. Gottfried Achenwall lectured in this fashion, coining the term statistics. At the same time, a small group of professors in England established a method of "reasoning by figures upon things relating to government" and referred to this practice as "Political Arithmetick". Sir William Petty wrote at length on issues that would later concern economists, such as taxation, Velocity of money and national income, but while his analysis was numerical, he rejected abstract mathematical methodology. Petty's use of detailed numerical data (along with John Graunt) would influence statisticians and economists for some time, even though Petty's works were largely ignored by English scholars.
The mathematization of economics began in earnest in the 19th century. Most of the economic analysis of the time was what would later be called classical economics. Subjects were discussed and dispensed with through algebraic means, but calculus was not used. More importantly, until Johann Heinrich von Thünen's "The Isolated State" in 1826, economists did not develop explicit and abstract models for behavior in order to apply the tools of mathematics. Thünen's model of farmland use represents the first example of marginal analysis. Thünen's work was largely theoretical, but he also mined empirical data in order to attempt to support his generalizations. In comparison to his contemporaries, Thünen built economic models and tools, rather than applying previous tools to new problems.
Meanwhile a new cohort of scholars trained in the mathematical methods of the physical sciences gravitated to economics, advocating and applying those methods to their subject, and described today as moving from geometry to mechanics.
These included W.S. Jevons who presented paper on a "general mathematical theory of political economy" in 1862, providing an outline for use of the theory of marginal utility in political economy. In 1871, he published "The Principles of Political Economy", declaring that the subject as science "must be mathematical simply because it deals with quantities." Jevons expected the only collection of statistics for price and quantities would permit the subject as presented to become an exact science. Others preceded and followed in expanding mathematical representations of economic problems.
Marginalists and the roots of neoclassical economics.
Augustin Cournot and Léon Walras built the tools of the discipline axiomatically around utility, arguing that individuals sought to maximize their utility across choices in a way that could be described mathematically. At the time, it was thought that utility was quantifiable, in units known as utils. Cournot, Walras and Francis Ysidro Edgeworth are considered the precursors to modern mathematical economics.
Augustin Cournot.
Cournot, a professor of Mathematics, developed a mathematical treatment in 1838 for duopoly—a market condition defined by competition between two sellers. This treatment of competition, first published in "Researches into the Mathematical Principles of Wealth", is referred to as Cournot duopoly. It is assumed that both sellers had equal access to the market and could produce their goods without cost. Further, it assumed that both goods were homogeneous. Each seller would vary her output based on the output of the other and the market price would be determined by the total quantity supplied. The profit for each firm would be determined by multiplying their output and the per unit Market price. Differentiating the profit function with respect to quantity supplied for each firm left a system of linear equations, the simultaneous solution of which gave the equilibrium quantity, price and profits. Cournot's contributions to the mathematization of economics would be neglected for decades, but eventually influenced many of the marginalists. Cournot's models of duopoly and Oligopoly also represent one of the first formulations of non-cooperative games. Today the solution can be given as a Nash equilibrium but Cournot's work preceded modern Game theory by over 100 years.
Léon Walras.
While Cournot provided a solution for what would later be called partial equilibrium, Léon Walras attempted to formalize discussion of the economy as a whole through a theory of general competitive equilibrium. The behavior of every economic actor would be considered on both the production and consumption side. Walras originally presented four separate models of exchange, each recursively included in the next. The solution of the resulting system of equations (both linear and non-linear) is the general equilibrium. At the time, no general solution could be expressed for a system of arbitrarily many equations, but Walras's attempts produced two famous results in economics. The first is Walras' law and the second is the principle of tâtonnement. Walras' method was considered highly mathematical for the time and Edgeworth commented at length about this fact in his review of "Éléments d'économie politique pure" (Elements of Pure Economics).
Walras' law was introduced as a theoretical answer to the problem of determining the solutions in general equilibrium. His notation is different from modern notation but can be constructed using more modern summation notation. Walras assumed that in equilibrium, all money would be spent on all goods: every good would be sold at the market price for that good and every buyer would expend their last dollar on a basket of goods. Starting from this assumption, Walras could then show that if there were n markets and n-1 markets cleared (reached equilibrium conditions) that the nth market would clear as well. This is easiest to visualize with two markets (considered in most texts as a market for goods and a market for money). If one of two markets has reached an equilibrium state, no additional goods (or conversely, money) can enter or exit the second market, so it must be in a state of equilibrium as well. Walras used this statement to move toward a proof of existence of solutions to general equilibrium but it is commonly used today to illustrate market clearing in money markets at the undergraduate level.
Tâtonnement (roughly, French for "groping toward") was meant to serve as the practical expression of Walrasian general equilibrium. Walras abstracted the marketplace as an auction of goods where the auctioneer would call out prices and market participants would wait until they could each satisfy their personal reservation prices for the quantity desired (remembering here that this is an auction on "all" goods, so everyone has a reservation price for their desired basket of goods).
Only when all buyers are satisfied with the given market price would transactions occur. The market would "clear" at that price—no surplus or shortage would exist. The word "tâtonnement" is used to describe the directions the market takes in "groping toward" equilibrium, settling high or low prices on different goods until a price is agreed upon for all goods. While the process appears dynamic, Walras only presented a static model, as no transactions would occur until all markets were in equilibrium. In practice very few markets operate in this manner.
Francis Ysidro Edgeworth.
Edgeworth introduced mathematical elements to Economics explicitly in "", published in 1881. He adopted Jeremy Bentham's felicific calculus to economic behavior, allowing the outcome of each decision to be converted into a change in utility. Using this assumption, Edgeworth built a model of exchange on three assumptions: individuals are self-interested, individuals act to maximize utility, and individuals are "free to recontract with another independently of...any third party."
Given two individuals, the set of solutions where the both individuals can maximize utility is described by the "contract curve" on what is now known as an Edgeworth Box. Technically, the construction of the two-person solution to Edgeworth's problem was not developed graphically until 1924 by Arthur Lyon Bowley. The contract curve of the Edgeworth box (or more generally on any set of solutions to Edgeworth's problem for more actors) is referred to as the core of an economy.
Edgeworth devoted considerable effort to insisting that mathematical proofs were appropriate for all schools of thought in economics. While at the helm of "The Economic Journal", he published several articles criticizing the mathematical rigor of rival researchers, including Edwin Robert Anderson Seligman, a noted skeptic of mathematical economics. The articles focused on a back and forth over tax incidence and responses by producers. Edgeworth noticed that a monopoly producing a good that had jointness of supply but not jointness of demand (such as first class and economy on an airplane, if the plane flies, both sets of seats fly with it) might actually lower the price seen by the consumer for one of the two commodities if a tax were applied. Common sense and more traditional, numerical analysis seemed to indicate that this was preposterous. Seligman insisted that the results Edgeworth achieved were a quirk of his mathematical formulation. He suggested that the assumption of a continuous demand function and an infinitesimal change in the tax resulted in the paradoxical predictions. Harold Hotelling later showed that Edgeworth was correct and that the same result (a "diminution of price as a result of the tax") could occur with a discontinuous demand function and large changes in the tax rate.
Modern mathematical economics.
From the later-1930s, an array of new mathematical tools from the differential calculus and differential equations, convex sets, and graph theory were deployed to advance economic theory in a way similar to new mathematical methods earlier applied to physics. The process was later described as moving from mechanics to axiomatics.   • _____ (2002). "How Economics Became a Mathematical Science". Duke University Press. Description and preview.</ref>
Differential calculus.
Vilfredo Pareto analyzed microeconomics by treating decisions by economic actors as attempts to change a given allotment of goods to another, more preferred allotment. Sets of allocations could then be treated as Pareto efficient (Pareto optimal is an equivalent term) when no exchanges could occur between actors that could make at least one individual better off without making any other individual worse off. Pareto's proof is commonly conflated with Walrassian equilibrium or informally ascribed to Adam Smith's Invisible hand hypothesis.   • </ref> Rather, Pareto's statement was the first formal assertion of what would be known as the first fundamental theorem of welfare economics. These models lacked the inequalities of the next generation of mathematical economics.
In the landmark treatise "Foundations of Economic Analysis" (1947), Paul Samuelson identified a common paradigm and mathematical structure across multiple fields in the subject, building on previous work by Alfred Marshall. "Foundations" took mathematical concepts from physics and applied them to economic problems. This broad view (for example, comparing Le Chatelier's principle to tâtonnement) drives the fundamental premise of mathematical economics: systems of economic actors may be modeled and their behavior described much like any other system. This extension followed on the work of the marginalists in the previous century and extended it significantly. Samuelson approached the problems of applying individual utility maximization over aggregate groups with comparative statics, which compares two different equilibrium states after an exogenous change in a variable. This and other methods in the book provided the foundation for mathematical economics in the 20th century.
Linear models.
Restricted models of general equilibrium were formulated by John von Neumann in 1937. Unlike earlier versions, the models of von Neumann had inequality constraints. For his model of an expanding economy, von Neumann proved the existence and uniqueness of an equilibrium using his generalization of Brouwer's fixed point theorem. Von Neumann's model of an expanding economy considered the matrix pencil " A - λ B " with nonnegative matrices A and B; von Neumann sought probability vectors "p" and "q" and a positive number "λ" that would solve the complementarity equation
along with two inequality systems expressing economic efficiency. In this model, the (transposed) probability vector "p" represents the prices of the goods while the probability vector q represents the "intensity" at which the production process would run. The unique solution "λ" represents the rate of growth of the economy, which equals the interest rate. Proving the existence of a positive growth rate and proving that the growth rate equals the interest rate were remarkable achievements, even for von Neumann. Von Neumann's results have been viewed as a special case of linear programming, where von Neumann's model uses only nonnegative matrices. The study of von Neumann's model of an expanding economy continues to interest mathematical economists with interests in computational economics.  
  
</ref>
Input-output economics.
In 1936, the Russian–born economist Wassily Leontief built his model of input-output analysis from the 'material balance' tables constructed by Soviet economists, which themselves followed earlier work by the physiocrats. With his model, which described a system of production and demand processes, Leontief described how changes in demand in one economic sector would influence production in another. In practice, Leontief estimated the coefficients of his simple models, to address economically interesting questions. In production economics, "Leontief technologies" produce outputs using constant proportions of inputs, regardless of the price of inputs, reducing the value of Leontief models for understanding economies but allowing their parameters to be estimated relatively easily. In contrast, the von Neumann model of an expanding economy allows for choice of techniques, but the coefficients must be estimated for each technology.
Mathematical optimization.
In mathematics, mathematical optimization (or optimization or mathematical programming) refers to the selection of a best element from some set of available alternatives. In the simplest case, an optimization problem involves maximizing or minimizing a real function by selecting input values of the function and computing the corresponding values of the function. The solution process includes satisfying general necessary and sufficient conditions for optimality. For optimization problems, specialized notation may be used as to the function and its input(s). More generally, optimization includes finding the best available element of some function given a defined domain and may use a variety of different computational optimization techniques.
Economics is closely enough linked to optimization by agents in an economy that an influential definition relatedly describes economics "qua" science as the "study of human behavior as a relationship between ends and scarce means" with alternative uses. Optimization problems run through modern economics, many with explicit economic or technical constraints. In microeconomics, the utility maximization problem and its dual problem, the expenditure minimization problem for a given level of utility, are economic optimization problems. Theory posits that consumers maximize their utility, subject to their budget constraints and that firms maximize their profits, subject to their production functions, input costs, and market demand.
Economic equilibrium is studied in optimization theory as a key ingredient of economic theorems that in principle could be tested against empirical data.   • _____ (1970)."Maximum Principles in Analytical Economics", Nobel Prize lecture.</ref> Newer developments have occurred in dynamic programming and modeling optimization with risk and uncertainty, including applications to portfolio theory, the economics of information, and search theory.
Optimality properties for an entire market system may be stated in mathematical terms, as in formulation of the two fundamental theorems of welfare economics   • Mas-Colell, Andreu, Michael D. Whinston, and Jerry R. Green (1995), "Microeconomic Theory", Chapter 16. Oxford University Press, ISBN 0-19-510268-1. Description and contents.</ref> and in the Arrow–Debreu model of general equilibrium (also discussed below). More concretely, many problems are amenable to analytical (formulaic) solution. Many others may be sufficiently complex to require numerical methods of solution, aided by software. Still others are complex but tractable enough to allow computable methods of solution, in particular computable general equilibrium models for the entire economy.  • Kubler, Felix (2008). "computation of general equilibria (new developments)", "The New Palgrave Dictionary of Economics", 2nd Edition. Abstract.</ref>
Linear and nonlinear programming have profoundly affected microeconomics, which had earlier considered only equality constraints. Many of the mathematical economists who received Nobel Prizes in Economics had conducted notable research using linear programming: Leonid Kantorovich, Leonid Hurwicz, Tjalling Koopmans, Kenneth J. Arrow, and Robert Dorfman, Paul Samuelson, and Robert Solow. Both Kantorovich and Koopmans acknowledged that George B. Dantzig deserved to share their Nobel Prize for linear programming. Economists who conducted research in nonlinear programming also have won the Nobel prize, notably Ragnar Frisch in addition to Kantorovich, Hurwicz, Koopmans, Arrow, and Samuelson.
Linear optimization.
Linear programming was developed to aid the allocation of resources in firms and in industries during the 1930s in Russia and during the 1940s in the United States. During the Berlin airlift (1948), linear programming was used to plan the shipment of supplies to prevent Berlin from starving after the Soviet blockade.
Nonlinear programming.
Extensions to nonlinear optimization with inequality constraints were achieved in 1951 by Albert W. Tucker and Harold Kuhn, who considered the nonlinear optimization problem:
In allowing inequality constraints, the Kuhn–Tucker approach generalized the classic method of Lagrange multipliers, which (until then) had allowed only equality constraints.  
• Blume, Lawrence E. (2008). "convex programming", "The New Palgrave Dictionary of Economics", 2nd Edition.
Abstract.  
• </ref> The Kuhn–Tucker approach inspired further research on Lagrangian duality, including the treatment of inequality constraints.  
•   
• </ref> The duality theory of nonlinear programming is particularly satisfactory when applied to convex minimization problems, which enjoy the convex-analytic duality theory of Fenchel and Rockafellar; this convex duality is particularly strong for polyhedral convex functions, such as those arising in linear programming. Lagrangian duality and convex analysis are used daily in operations research, in the scheduling of power plants, the planning of production schedules for factories, and the routing of airlines (routes, flights, planes, crews).
Variational calculus and optimal control.
"Economic dynamics" allows for changes in economic variables over time, including in dynamic systems. The problem of finding optimal functions for such changes is studied in variational calculus and in optimal control theory. Before the Second World War, Frank Ramsey and Harold Hotelling used the calculus of variations to that end.
Following Richard Bellman's work on dynamic programming and the 1962 English translation of L. Pontryagin "et al".'s earlier work, optimal control theory was used more extensively in economics in addressing dynamic problems, especially as to economic growth equilibrium and stability of economic systems, of which a textbook example is optimal consumption and saving. A crucial distinction is between deterministic and stochastic control models. Other applications of optimal control theory include those in finance, inventories, and production for example.   • Scroll to chapter-preview links.</ref>
Functional analysis.
It was in the course of proving of the existence of an optimal equilibrium in his 1937 model of economic growth that John von Neumann introduced functional analytic methods to include topology in economic theory, in particular, fixed-point theory through his generalization of Brouwer's fixed-point theorem. Following von Neumann's program, Kenneth Arrow and Gérard Debreu formulated abstract models of economic equilibria using convex sets and fixed–point theory. In introducing the Arrow–Debreu model in 1954, they proved the existence (but not the uniqueness) of an equilibrium and also proved that every Walras equilibrium is Pareto efficient; in general, equilibria need not be unique.  
• </ref> In their models, the ("primal") vector space represented "quantitites" while the "dual" vector space represented "prices".
In Russia, the mathematician Leonid Kantorovich developed economic models in partially ordered vector spaces, that emphasized the duality between quantities and prices. Oppressed by communism, Kantorovich renamed "prices" as "objectively determined valuations" which were abbreviated in Russian as "o. o. o.", alluding to the difficulty of discussing prices in the Soviet Union.
Even in finite dimensions, the concepts of functional analysis have illuminated economic theory, particularly in clarifying the role of prices as normal vectors to a hyperplane supporting a convex set, representing production or consumption possibilities. However, problems of describing optimization over time or under uncertainty require the use of infinite–dimensional function spaces, because agents are choosing among functions or stochastic processes.
Differential decline and rise.
John von Neumann's work on functional analysis and topology in broke new ground in mathematics and economic theory. It also left advanced mathematical economics with fewer applications of differential calculus. In particular, general equilibrium theorists used general topology, convex geometry, and optimization theory more than differential calculus, because the approach of differential calculus had failed to establish the existence of an equilibrium.
However, the decline of differential calculus should not be exaggerated, because differential calculus has always been used in graduate training and in applications. Moreover, differential calculus has returned to the highest levels of mathematical economics, general equilibrium theory (GET), as practiced by the "GET-set" (the humorous designation due to Jacques H. Drèze). In the 1960s and 1970s, however, Gérard Debreu and Stephen Smale led a revival of the use of differential calculus in mathematical economics. In particular, they were able to prove the existence of a general equilibrium, where earlier writers had failed, because of their novel mathematics: Baire category from general topology and Sard's lemma from differential topology. Other economists associated with the use of differential analysis include Egbert Dierker, Andreu Mas-Colell, and Yves Balasko. These advances have changed the traditional narrative of the history of mathematical economics, following von Neumann, which celebrated the abandonment of differential calculus.
Game theory.
John von Neumann, working with Oskar Morgenstern on the theory of games, broke new mathematical ground in 1944 by extending functional analytic methods related to convex sets and topological fixed-point theory to economic analysis. Their work thereby avoided the traditional differential calculus, for which the maximum–operator did not apply to non-differentiable functions. Continuing von Neumann's work in cooperative game theory, game theorists Lloyd S. Shapley, Martin Shubik, Hervé Moulin, Nimrod Megiddo, Bezalel Peleg influenced economic research in politics and economics. For example, research on the fair prices in cooperative games and fair values for voting games led to changed rules for voting in legislatures and for accounting for the costs in public–works projects. For example, cooperative game theory was used in designing the water distribution system of Southern Sweden and for setting rates for dedicated telephone lines in the USA.
Earlier neoclassical theory had bounded only the "range" of bargaining outcomes and in special cases, for example bilateral monopoly or along the contract curve of the Edgeworth box. Von Neumann and Morgenstern's results were similarly weak. Following von Neumann's program, however, John Nash used fixed–point theory to prove conditions under which the bargaining problem and noncooperative games can generate a unique equilibrium solution.   • Serrano, Roberto (2008). "bargaining", "The New Palgrave Dictionary of Economics", 2nd Edition. Abstract.</ref> Noncooperative game theory has been adopted as a fundamental aspect of experimental economics,   • _____ (2001). "Experimental Economics", "International Encyclopedia of the Social & Behavioral Sciences", pp. 5100-5108. Abstract per sect. 1.1 & 2.1.   • Plott, Charles R., and Vernon L. Smith, ed. (2008). "Handbook of Experimental Economics Results", v. 1, Elsevier, Part 4, Games, ch. 45-66 preview links.   • Shubik, Martin (2002). "Game Theory and Experimental Gaming", in R. Aumann and S. Hart, ed., "Handbook of Game Theory with Economic Applications", Elsevier, v. 3, pp. 2327-2351. Abstract.</ref> behavioral economics,   • Gul, Faruk. "behavioural economics and game theory." Abstract.   • Camerer, Colin F. "behavioral game theory." Abstract.</ref> information economics,   • Aumann, R., and S. Hart, ed. (1992, 2002). "Handbook of Game Theory with Economic Applications" v. 1, links at ch. 3-6 and v. 3, ch. 43.</ref> industrial organization,   • Bagwell, Kyle, and Asher Wolinsky (2002). "Game theory and Industrial Organization", ch. 49, "Handbook of Game Theory with Economic Applications",
v. 3, pp. 1851-1895.</ref> and political economy. It has also given rise to the subject of mechanism design (sometimes called reverse game theory), which has private and public-policy applications as to ways of improving economic efficiency through incentives for information sharing.     Myerson, Roger B. "mechanism design." Abstract.      _____. "revelation principle." Abstract.     Sandholm, Tuomas. "computing in mechanism design." Abstract.   • Nisan, Noam, and Amir Ronen (2001). "Algorithmic Mechanism Design", "Games and Economic Behavior", 35(1-2), pp. 166–196.   • Nisan, Noam, "et al"., ed. (2007). "Algorithmic Game Theory", Cambridge University Press. Description.</ref>
In 1994, Nash, John Harsanyi, and Reinhard Selten received the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences their work on non–cooperative games. Harsanyi and Selten were awarded for their work on repeated games. Later work extended their results to computational methods of modeling.         • Shoham, Yoav (2008). "Computer Science and Game Theory", "Communications of the ACM", 51(8), pp.
75-79.         • Roth,Alvin E. (2002). "The Economist as Engineer: Game Theory, Experimentation, and Computation as Tools for Design Economics", "Econometrica", 70(4), pp. 1341–1378.</ref>
Agent-based computational economics.
Agent-based computational economics (ACE) as a named field is relatively recent, dating from about the 1990s as to published work. It studies economic processes, including whole economies, as dynamic systems of interacting agents over time. As such, it falls in the paradigm of complex adaptive systems.   • Tesfatsion, Leigh (2003). "Agent-based Computational Economics: Modeling Economies as Complex Adaptive Systems", "Information Sciences", 149(4), pp. 262-268.</ref> In corresponding agent-based models, agents are not real people but "computational objects modeled as interacting according to rules" ... "whose micro-level interactions create emergent patterns" in space and time. The rules are formulated to predict behavior and social interactions based on incentives and information. The theoretical assumption of mathematical "optimization" by agents markets is replaced by the less restrictive postulate of agents with "bounded" rationality "adapting" to market forces.   • Arthur, W. Brian, 1994. "Inductive Reasoning and Bounded Rationality", "American Economic Review", 84(2), pp. 406-411.   • Schelling, Thomas C. (1978 "Micromotives and Macrobehavior", Norton. [http://books.wwnorton.com/books/978-0-393-32946-9/ Description, preview.
   • Sargent, Thomas J. (1994). "Bounded Rationality in Macroeconomics", Oxford. Description and chapter-preview 1st-page links.</ref>
ACE models apply numerical methods of analysis to computer-based simulations of complex dynamic problems for which more conventional methods, such as theorem formulation, may not find ready use.   • _____ (1998). "Numerical Methods in Economics", MIT Press. Links to description and chapter previews.</ref> Starting from specified initial conditions, the computational economic system is modeled as evolving over time as its constituent agents repeatedly interact with each other. In these respects, ACE has been characterized as a bottom-up culture-dish approach to the study of the economy.   • _____ (1997). "How Economists Can Get Alife", in W. B. Arthur, S. Durlauf, and D. Lane, eds., "The Economy as an Evolving Complex System, II", pp. 533-564. Addison-Wesley. Pre-pub PDF.</ref> In contrast to other standard modeling methods, ACE events are driven solely by initial conditions, whether or not equilibria exist or are computationally tractable. ACE modeling, however, includes agent adaptation, autonomy, and learning. It has a similarity to, and overlap with, game theory as an agent-based method for modeling social interactions. Other dimensions of the approach include such standard economic subjects as competition and collaboration, market structure and industrial organization,   • Epstein, Joshua M. (2006). "Growing Adaptive Organizations: An Agent-Based Computational Approach", in "Generative Social Science: Studies in Agent-Based Computational Modeling", pp. 309 - 344. Description and abstract.</ref> transaction costs, welfare economics and mechanism design,     Myerson, Roger B. "mechanism design." Abstract.      _____. "revelation principle." Abstract.     Sandholm, Tuomas. "computing in mechanism design." Abstract.   • Nisan, Noam, and Amir Ronen (2001). "Algorithmic Mechanism Design", "Games and Economic Behavior", 35(1-2), pp. 166–196.   • Nisan, Noam, "et al"., ed. (2007). "Algorithmic Game Theory", Cambridge University Press. Description.</ref> information and uncertainty, and macroeconomics.   • Sargent, Thomas J. (1994). "Bounded Rationality in Macroeconomics", Oxford. Description and chapter-preview 1st-page links.</ref>
The method is said to benefit from continuing improvements in modeling techniques of computer science and increased computer capabilities. Issues include those common to experimental economics in general and by comparison and to development of a common framework for empirical validation and resolving open questions in agent-based modeling.   • Fagiolo, Giorgio, Alessio Moneta, and Paul Windrum (2007). "A Critical Guide to Empirical Validation of Agent-Based Models in Economics: Methodologies, Procedures, and Open Problems", "Computational Economics", 30, pp. 195–226.</ref> The ultimate scientific objective of the method has been described as "testtheoretical findings against real-world data in ways that permit empirically supported theories to cumulate over time, with each researcher's work building appropriately on the work that has gone before."   • Judd, Kenneth L. (2006). "Computationally Intensive Analyses in Economics", "Handbook of Computational Economics", v. 2, ch. 17, pp. 881- 893. Pre-pub PDF.   • Tesfatsion, Leigh, and Kenneth L. Judd, ed. (2006). "Handbook of Computational Economics", v. 2. Description & and chapter-preview
links.</ref>
Mathematicization of economics.
Over the course of the 20th century, articles in "core journals" in economics have been almost exclusively written by economists in academia. As a result, much of the material transmitted in those journals relates to economic theory, and "economic theory itself has been continuously more abstract and mathematical." A subjective assessment of mathematical techniques employed in these core journals showed a decrease in articles that use neither geometric representations nor mathematical notation from 95% in 1892 to 5.3% in 1990. A 2007 survey of ten of the top economic journals finds that only 5.8% of the articles published in 2003 and 2004 both lacked statistical analysis of data and lacked displayed mathematical expressions that were indexed with numbers at the margin of the page.
Econometrics.
Between the world wars, advances in mathematical statistics and a cadre of mathematically trained economists led to econometrics, which was the name proposed for the discipline of advancing economics by using mathematics and statistics. Within economics, "econometrics" has often been used for statistical methods in economics, rather than mathematical economics. Statistical econometrics features the application of linear regression and time series analysis to economic data.
Ragnar Frisch coined the word "econometrics" and helped to found both the Econometric Society in 1930 and the journal "Econometrica" in 1933. A student of Frisch's, Trygve Haavelmo published "The Probability Approach in Econometrics" in 1944, where he asserted that precise statistical analysis could be used as a tool to validate mathematical theories about economic actors with data from complex sources. This linking of statistical analysis of systems to economic theory was also promulgated by the Cowles Commission (now the Cowles Foundation) throughout the 1930s and 1940s.
Earlier work in econometrics.
The roots of modern econometrics can be traced to the American economist Henry L. Moore. Moore studied agricultural productivity and attempted to fit changing values of productivity for plots of corn and other crops to a curve using different values of elasticity. Moore made several errors in his work, some from his choice of models and some from limitations in his use of mathematics. The accuracy of Moore's models also was limited by the poor data for national accounts in the United States at the time. While his first models of production were static, in 1925 he published a dynamic "moving equilibrium" model designed to explain business cycles—this periodic variation from overcorrection in supply and demand curves is now known as the cobweb model. A more formal derivation of this model was made later by Nicholas Kaldor, who is largely credited for its exposition.
Application.
Much of classical economics can be presented in simple geometric terms or elementary mathematical notation. Mathematical economics, however, conventionally makes use of calculus and matrix algebra in economic analysis in order to make powerful claims that would be more difficult without such mathematical tools. These tools are prerequisites for formal study, not only in mathematical economics but in contemporary economic theory in general. Economic problems often involve so many variables that mathematics is the only practical way of attacking and solving them. Alfred Marshall argued that every economic problem which can be quantified, analytically expressed and solved, should be treated by means of mathematical work.
Economics has become increasingly dependent upon mathematical methods and the mathematical tools it employs have become more sophisticated. As a result, mathematics has become considerably more important to professionals in economics and finance. Graduate programs in both economics and finance require strong undergraduate preparation in mathematics for admission and, for this reason, attract an increasingly high number of mathematicians. Applied mathematicians apply mathematical principles to practical problems, such as economic analysis and other economics-related issues, and many economic problems are often defined as integrated into the scope of applied mathematics.
This integration results from the formulation of economic problems as stylized models with clear assumptions and falsifiable predictions. This modeling may be informal or prosaic, as it was in Adam Smith's "The Wealth of Nations", or it may be formal, rigorous and mathematical.
Broadly speaking, formal economic models may be classified as stochastic or deterministic and as discrete or continuous. At a practical level, quantitative modeling is applied to many areas of economics and several methodologies have evolved more or less independently of each other.
Classification.
According to the Mathematics Subject Classification (MSC), mathematical economics falls into the Applied mathematics/other classification of category 91:
with MSC2010 classifications for 'Game theory' at codes 91Axx and for 'Mathematical economics' at codes 91Bxx.
The "Handbook of Mathematical Economics" series (Elsevier), currently 4 volumes, distinguishes between "mathematical methods in economics", v. 1, Part I, and "areas of economics" in other volumes where mathematics is employed.    • Kenneth J. Arrow and Michael D. Intriligator, ed., (1981), v. 1    • _____ (1982). v. 2    • _____ (1986). v. 3    • Werner Hildenbrand and Hugo Sonnenschein, ed. (1991). v. 4..</ref>
Another source with a similar distinction is "" (1987, 4 vols., 1,300 subject entries). In it, a "Subject Index" includes mathematical entries under 2 headings (vol. IV, pp. 982–3):
A widely used system in economics that includes mathematical methods on the subject is the JEL classification codes. It originated in the "Journal of Economic Literature" for classifying new books and articles. The relevant categories are listed below (simplified below to omit "Miscellaneous" and "Other" JEL codes), as reproduced from . "The New Palgrave Dictionary of Economics" (2008, 2nd ed.) also uses the JEL codes to classify its entries. The corresponding footnotes below have links to abstracts of "The New Palgrave Online" for each JEL category (10 or fewer per page, similar to Google searches).
Criticisms and defences.
Adequacy of mathematics for qualitative and complicated economics.
Friedrich Hayek contended that the use of formal techniques projects a scientific exactness that does not appropriately account for informational limitations faced by real economic agents. 
In an interview, the economic historian Robert Heilbroner stated:
Heilbroner stated that "some/much of economics is not naturally quantitative and therefore does not lend itself to mathematical exposition."
Testing predictions of mathematical economics.
Philosopher Karl Popper discussed the scientific standing of economics in the 1940s and 1950s. He argued that mathematical economics suffered from being tautological. In other words, insofar that economics became a mathematical theory, mathematical economics ceased to rely on empirical refutation but rather relied on mathematical proofs and disproof. According to Popper, falsifiable assumptions can be tested by experiment and observation while unfalsifiable assumptions can be explored mathematically for their consequences and for their consistency with other assumptions.
Sharing Popper's concerns about assumptions in economics generally, and not just mathematical economics, Milton Friedman declared that "all assumptions are unrealistic". Friedman proposed judging economic models by their predictive performance rather than by the match between their assumptions and reality.
Mathematical economics as a form of pure mathematics.
Considering mathematical economics, J.M. Keynes wrote in "The General Theory":
Defense of mathematical economics.
In response to these criticisms, Paul Samuelson argued that mathematics is a language, repeating a thesis of Josiah Willard Gibbs. In economics, the language of mathematics is sometimes necessary for representing substantive problems. Moreover, mathematical economics has led to conceptual advances in economics. In particular, Samuelson gave the example of microeconomics, writing that "few people are ingenious enough to grasp more complex parts... "without" resorting to the language of mathematics, while most ordinary individuals can do so fairly easily "with" the aid of mathematics."
Some economists state that mathematical economics deserves support just like other forms of mathematics, particularly its neighbors in mathematical optimization and mathematical statistics and increasingly in theoretical computer science. Mathematical economics and other mathematical sciences have a history in which theoretical advances have regularly contributed to the reform of the more applied branches of economics. In particular, following the program of John von Neumann, game theory now provides the foundations for describing much of applied economics, from statistical decision theory (as "games against nature") and econometrics to general equilibrium theory and industrial organization. In the last decade, with the rise of the internet, mathematical economicists and optimization experts and computer scientists have worked on problems of pricing for on-line services --- their contributions using mathematics from cooperative game theory, nondifferentiable optimization, and combinatorial games.
Robert M. Solow concluded that mathematical economics was the core "infrastructure" of contemporary economics:
Economics is no longer a fit conversation piece for ladies and gentlemen. It has become a technical subject. Like any technical subject it attracts some people who are more interested in the technique than the subject. That is too bad, but it may be inevitable. In any case, do not kid yourself: the technical core of economics is indispensable infrastructure for the political economy. That is why, if you consult reference in contemporary economics looking for enlightenment about the world today, you will be led to technical economics, or history, or nothing at all.
Mathematical economists.
Prominent mathematical economists include, but are not limited to, the following (by century of birth).

</doc>
<doc id="18967256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967256" title="State Border Guard">
State Border Guard

The State Border Guard () is the border guard of Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="18967264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967264" title="Abas-Abad">
Abas-Abad

Abas-Abad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18967270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967270" title="Albertów">
Albertów

Albertów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18967275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967275" title="Albertów, Pabianice County">
Albertów, Pabianice County

Albertów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Lutomiersk, north-west of Pabianice, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967277" title="Antoniew, Pabianice County">
Antoniew, Pabianice County

Antoniew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Lutomiersk, north-west of Pabianice, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967278" title="Babice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Babice, Łódź Voivodeship

Babice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Lutomiersk, north-west of Pabianice, and west of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967279" title="Babiczki">
Babiczki

Babiczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967292" title="Christian Brothers' College, Mount Edmund">
Christian Brothers' College, Mount Edmund

The Christian Brothers' College, Mount Edmund is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Pretoria, South Africa.
History.
St Gabriel's (1922-1969).
Bishop Cox and the priests of Pretoria were anxious to have a Brothers' school established in the Administrative Capital. Early in 1917 both Bishop Cox and Father Ryan O.M.I., Parish Priest of Pretoria, wrote to the then Superior General offering to secure a site for the school if a staff of Brothers could be promised. On this understanding the site on Lynnwood Road adjoining the University was purchased from Mr Johan Rissik. Father Ryan O.M.I and other friends had collected the purchase money; Bishop Cox also contributed. The Brothers themselves were responsible for the erection of the College building and seven years later for the Brothers' residence.
The College was designed by the well-known Pretoria architect Mr Rees-Poole and the builder was Mr Pattison. The architects of the Brothers' residence were Messrs. Cowin, Powers and Ellis and the builders the firm of Clark & Downie (Pty) Ltd. It was not possible to begin the building of the College until 1921. Brother Barren then residing in Kimberley, had much to do with the plans and Brother J.J. Mullan, the founder of the Kimberley College, superintended the construction work. During this period Brother Mullan stayed at the Monastery next door as the guests of the Redemptorist Fathers.
Bishop Cox on Trinity Sunday 1921 laid the foundation stone and the new College was dedicated to St. Gabriel of Our Lady of Sorrows who had been recently canonised. The original foundation stone recording this dedication has been incorporated in the present College at Mount Edmund. The new College was due for opening in January, 1922 but as it was not found possible to have the required staff of Brothers on the spot by that date the opening was postponed to the following September. On 31 August 1922, a week before school started, Brothers Hayes, Enright, Duggan and McKenna had arrived from Ireland. These, with Brother Mullan as principal formed the first staff.
The day chosen for the opening was the feast of the Nativity of Our Lady, 8 September 1922 and twenty-five years to the day from the date of our first opening in Kimberley: 8 September 1897. Father Hayes C.SS.R., Rector of the Monastery, said Holy Mass in one of the College classrooms at 6.00 a.m. and then proceeded to bless the Brothers' house and the classrooms. The admission of pupils began at 8.30 a.m. and by 10.30 all the classes had been formed and were in their appointed classrooms. Most of the work of this first day consisted of dialogue. 
On the opening day there were fifty-six pupils — the small number being due to the unusual time of opening — but by the end of the year the registration had reached ninety; in January 1923 the number had reached 160. An advantage of this late opening was that it gave the new staff the opportunity of studying the South African education system and deciding on the course of studies for the new school year of 1923.
The classes in 1923 ranged from Standard Three to Junior Certificate of the University of South Africa. It was decided to introduce the College of Preceptors (London) Examinations as they were then being taken by practically all the private schools in South Africa. 
In 1923 the College's Pretoria campus entered pupils for the Lower Forms, Preliminary and Junior Grades — the Senior Grade followed in 1924. The results of all these examinations were such as to merit from the editor of the Christian Brothers' Educational Record the following comment: ""St. Gabriel's College, Pretoria is rapidly getting into its stride. This year, the second of its existence, 70 boys entered for examinations. The results which are detailed elsewhere in the Record would do credit to a long-established school."" Bemhardt Klagsbrun took first place in the British Empire in the Junior College of Preceptors. In 1925 the College presented its first class for the Matriculation Examination of the Joint Matriculation Board. In the second year of the College's existence the Annual appeared.
In the mid 1960s the University of Pretoria urgently required our property to expand and offered an alternative agricultural site of theirs near Silverton. On 14 March 1968 Br. Leopold Kennedy turned the first sod at Mount Edmund, the new CBC. On 31 July 1968 the foundation stone was laid by Archbishop Gardner, and the following month, on 21 August, the contract was signed between the College and the University of Pretoria for the taking over of the new site at Mount Edmund. In January 1969 the Brothers moved into the new residence and travelled daily to the old College. In July 1969, the third term began in the brand new College at Mount Edmund, the present site, and in the following January the first boarders arrived.
Mount Edmund 1969-present.
Christian Brothers College moved to the campus at Silverton, known as Mount Edmund, in honour of founder Edmund Rice. The move to Silverton, necessitated by the expansion of the University of Pretoria provided an opportunity that is every headmasters dream. Brother Smith was able to re house a mature college with wonderful traditions in a modern environment. As the new principal Brother Thackaberry was to say in his 1970 report, ""One realises that buildings, no matter how imposing they may be, are merely a shell, and that the worth of a school is estimated by the calibre of its staff and of its students both of whom I am happy to say are among the best."" 
The renaming of the College as Mount Edmund was the result of the Christian Brothers' re-examination of their origins and mission. The Beatification of Brother Edmund Rice took place on 7 October 1996.
The last day at St Gabriel's, 27 June 1969: ""In casual dress boys and staff prepared, in cool weather, for the move out to Mount Edmund. Books, papers, desks, chairs, tables, scenery, statues were piled high on half a dozen lorries. Kindly lent by parents. Everyone lent a willing hand and by 12 o'clock a last cup of tea had been drained in the old staffroom. Only a few papers, swirling in the wind were left behind. The accumulation of 40 years had disappeared from St Gabriel's.'"
Brother O'Neill was appointed in 1985 and he served for three years. In March 1986 he highlighted the direction that the Brothers were taking. ""The Education system in South Africa has been troubling the brothers of the Colleges around the country for quite a number of years, but as yet we have not been able to come up with a satisfactory solution. Different viewpoints exist; our white schools are helping to maintain black schools for which no Government Aid exists, so we must maintain the status quo; release more Brothers from the privileged schools to that they can help the materially poor and replace them by Catholic lay teachers or more radically to close down the schools for the materially well-off and free the Brothers for work among the lesser privileged and finance it from the sale of our properties. A middle of the road solution is being followed, a gradual withdrawal is taking place and the aim is to stimulate the Catholic Spirit of our schools so that in years ahead they can be handed over to Catholic laymen who will continue the schools as genuine Catholic Schools."" Brother McCarthy, the last Brother to head the school, was in charge from 1988 until April 1991. Parental advice on school matters was sought and this democraticization, although alien to some proved to be a harbinger for what we regard as normal in the late 1990s. The rod and the cane were laid aside. 
In 1991 our first lay Principal was appointed. After 14 years of Christian Brothers at the helm, Mr Dave Olivier was selected to guide the fortunes of the College until his resignation in December 1996. He had been educated by the Marist Brothers at St Joseph's, Rondebosch, and later taught there. The College's numbers reached a low of 350 scholars because of the economic climate and the opening up of Model 'C' schools by the Government. During his tenure as headmaster, the College became co-educational, a girls' hostel was opened and classes from Gr 0 were established. The College reacted proactively, and, in spite of the proposed cuts in the state subsidy and the regrettable hike in fees as a result, the College Roll for January 1997 stood at over 600 learners.
In 1997 Mr E.J. Brown was appointed Headmaster and the College wrote the first Independent Examination Board matriculation, obtaining 41 subject distinctions compared to the 9 achieved with the GDE matric exams the previous year. During Mr Brown's tenure, Hotelkeeping was introduced, the Design and Technology Center and four extra classrooms were erected. After many hours of careful consideration, it was decided to close the Hostels at the end of 2000 due to both management and financial difficulties as the number of boarders had declined as parents were able to obtain schooling closer to home. 
Mr P.R. Ross was appointed Headmaster in 2001, the year the College celebrated its 80th Birthday and the bicentenary of the founding of the Christian Brothers Order by Brother Edmund Rice.

</doc>
<doc id="18967300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967300" title="No Milk Today">
No Milk Today

"No Milk Today" is a song that was written by Graham Gouldman and originally recorded by British pop band Herman's Hermits. It was first released as a single by the Mancunian group in the UK in October 1966 and, with the B-side "My Reservation's Been Confirmed", enjoyed chart success, peaking at No. 7. Although not released as a single in the US ("Dandy" was released in its place with the same B-side), it was popular enough to become a moderate hit when it was released there as the B-side to "There's a Kind of Hush", reaching No. 35 in 1967 (the A-side reaching No. 4). It was also a major hit in many European countries.
Music and lyrics.
The song, which is dominated by its downcast reflective verses in A-minor and neatly complemented by its interjecting upbeat chorus in A-major, was the second major song Gouldman wrote for Herman's Hermits (the previous being "Listen People", a US #3). The lyrics refer to the practice (common at the time) of milkmen delivering fresh milk to residential houses each morning; the love interest of the song's protagonist has just moved out, so the household needs less milk and the notice in front of his house instructing the milkman not to leave the usual bottle of milk today, while seeming mundane to passers-by ("how could they know just what this message means?") symbolizes the breakup to the singer himself ("the end of all my dreams"). Gouldman wrote this song initially for The Hollies, after he saw a "no milk today" notice outside a friend's house one day, and his father observed that this could have various reasons.
The single is significant because it was the first track for which the band employed a string section.
Recordings.
Later the song was recorded by Gouldman himself as the sole single (released with "The Impossible Years") from his 1968 debut album "The Graham Gouldman Thing" and, in 2006, it was included on the compilation album "Greatest Hits ... And More", released by Gouldman's own band 10cc.
The song was extensively used in a 2009 commercial campaign for the Norwegian milk company Tine. It was also used for a commercial of the Dutch milk company Coberco in the '90s.
The Spanish rendering "Todo Cambió" was recorded in 1967 by Lita Torelló (es).

</doc>
<doc id="18967301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967301" title="Salter College">
Salter College

Salter College is a for-profit junior college located in West Boylston, Massachusetts.
History.
Salter began as the Salter School and was renamed Salter College in 2007.
Academics.
Salter offers associate's degrees and certificates.

</doc>
<doc id="18967320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967320" title="VWA2">
VWA2

von Willebrand factor A domain-containing protein 2, also known as A domain-containing protein similar to matrilin and collagen (AMACO) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "VWA2" gene.
AMACO is a member of the von Willebrand factor A-like (VWA) domain containing protein superfamily and consists of three VWA-like domains, two EGF-like domains, a cysteine-rich domain and a unique C-terminal domain.
AMACO is an extracellular matrix protein and mostly deposited adjacent to basement membranes. 
The function of this protein is not yet clear; however, it was found markedly induced in colon cancers and may be useful diagnostic serum marker.

</doc>
<doc id="18967328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967328" title="KSNY-FM">
KSNY-FM

KSNY-FM (101.5 FM, "Twister 101.5") is the companion station to KSNY (AM). The station began in 1980 at 101.7 mHz as 'FM-102' with an Easy Listening format. The station was automated in the beginning until its move to 101.5 and the format change to country. The station now has coverage in the Big Spring and Abilene markets. In 2001, KSNY began a sister station, 98.9 KLYD "Real Rock." but it was automated until 2003.
Trivia.
The station's studios moved from KSNY drive, west of town on Ave. R, to the old Texas Utilities building next to the "SCAT" TV Cable building around 2002.
The FM was put on the air back in the late 1970s. It originally a 3,000 watt class A on 101.7, transmitting from the AM tower at the former studios. The station upgraded in turn to a class C2 in the nineties, and to a C1 on 101.5 in the early 2000s.
The station added a sister station for rock listeners, KLYD 98.9, in 2001, but it was fully automated until 2003.
The DJs for the station become, in effect, local celebrities, with the recent stand-outs being Sheree Stone, Magic Johnson, Cody 
Christopher, Bruce Bell, Shotgun Kellie Taylor, Becca Grey, "Suzie Q." Leslie Summers, Colby James, Brooks Moon, Gracie James, Blue Patrick, and James Mac.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18967335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967335" title="Symphony No. 1 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 1 (Haydn)

Joseph Haydn's Symphony No. 1 in D major, Hoboken I/1, was written in 1759 in Dolní Lukavice, while in the service of Count Morzin. Though identified by Haydn himself as his first symphony, scholars are not sure if it is indeed the very first symphony Haydn wrote, or if it is even the earliest he wrote of the ones that have survived to posterity. In contrast to the certainty that No. 1 was written in 1759, H. C. Robbins Landon can't rule out either No. 2 or No. 4 (or both) could have been composed in 1757 or 1758.
Symphony No. 1 is scored for 2 oboes (or possibly flute), bassoon, 2 horns, strings and continuo. Like many of the earliest symphonies by Haydn and his contemporaries, it is in three movements:
The first movement opens with a Mannheim crescendo which is in contrast to the rest of the symphony, which is more Austrian in character.
The first movement has "frequent passages where" the violas are "used with some ingenuity and quite separately from the bass line."

</doc>
<doc id="18967358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967358" title="Neil Strauch">
Neil Strauch

Neil Strauch is an American music producer and engineer. Neil is a graduate of the Columbia College Chicago Audio Program. As engineer for Brian Deck and as a producer himself, Neil has worked on a number of recordings for local, national and international musicians. Since becoming a full time producer Neil has produced or engineered for bands including Bonnie "Prince" Billy, Margot and the Nuclear So and So's, Owen (band), Joan of Arc (band), Andrew Bird, Anathallo, Ben Weaver, and Gomez (band), as well as working with Andrew Bird and Ian Schneller on their Sonic Arboretum at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago. Neil currently works out of Soma Electronic Music Studios in Chicago Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="18967367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967367" title="René Hasler">
René Hasler

René Hasler (born 18 June 1948 in Lucerne) is a Swiss former footballer who played for FC Basel for most of his career, and the Swiss national team.
Career.
Hasler started his career at FC Zürich in 1969 and left two years later to join FC Basel, where he won two league titles consecutively in 1972 and 1973, and the Swiss Cup in 1975. He then moved to Neuchâtel Xamax in 1976 where he played for three years before returning to St. Jakob Stadium, where he helped Basel win another title in 1980.
Hasler earned 25 caps for the Swiss national team, the first of which coming on 21 October 1972 in a 0-0 draw with Italy in Bern. His last game in a Switzerland shirt was a 2-1 loss to Spain on 21 September 1977, also in Bern.
Honours.
Zürich
Basel

</doc>
<doc id="18967375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967375" title="Symphony No. 2 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 2 (Haydn)

Joseph Haydn's Symphony No. 2 in C major, Hoboken I/2, is believed to have been written between 1757 and 1761.
It is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, strings and continuo. Like many of the earliest symphonies by Haydn and others of the time, it is in three movements:
In the second movement, the wind instruments are omitted and the violins play in semiquavers from start to finish (a kind of "perpetuum mobile") with the pattern frequently broken by the use of trills. The violas in this slow movement double the bass part throughout. (e.g., "col basso," which was common in the period) The last movement is "Haydn's first attempt at a symphonic rondo and is characterized by a preoccupation with imitative processes." It is the only one of Haydn's symphonies that contains no repeat signs. Its also one of his shortest symphonies; performances generally last less than ten minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="18967378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967378" title="Li Baochen">
Li Baochen

Li Baochen (李寶臣) (718 – February 6, 781), originally named Zhang Zhongzhi (張忠志), courtesy name Weifu (為輔), known as An Zhongzhi (安忠志) during the Anshi Rebellion and Zhang Baochen (張寶臣) 778–779, formally the Prince of Longxi (隴西王), was a general of the Chinese rebel state Yan, who later submitted to and became a general of Tang Dynasty, from which Yan had rebelled. As was in the case of several other Yan generals who submitted to Tang but who had substantial army and territorial holdings, Li was allowed to retain his command and territory, semi-independent of the Tang imperial government structure.
Background.
Zhang Zhongzhi was born in 718, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong of Tang. He was ethnically Xi and from Fanyang Circuit (范陽, headquartered in modern Beijing), but his original lineage was not otherwise known in history. He was adopted by Zhang Suogao (張鎖高), and therefore took Zhang Suogao's surname of Zhang. He was capable in horsemanship and archery in his youth and served in the military at Fanyang as well, eventually serving under the military governor ("jiedushi") An Lushan. On an occasion when An visited the Tang Dynasty capital Chang'an to pay homage to Emperor Xuanzong, Zhang Zhongzhi followed him to Chang'an and was kept there to be an archer in the imperial guards and given access to the palace.
During the Anshi Rebellion.
An Lushan rose against Emperor Xuanzong's rule in late 755, and Zhang Zhongzhi, hearing the news, escaped from Chang'an and joined An in Fanyang. An was impressed and adopted him as a son, giving him the surname of An. Subsequently, when the rebels made a surprise raid against Taiyuan, it was An Zhongzhi who led the attack, and he was able to seize the Tang mayor of Taiyuan, Yang Guanghui (楊光翽). An Lushan subsequently put him in charge of defending the key pass of Tumen (土門, in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei). After An Lushan's subsequent death and replacement as the emperor of a new Yan state by his son An Qingxu, An Zhongzhi continued to serve under An Qingxu, who made him the prefect of Heng Prefecture (恆州, roughly modern Shijiazhuang). His service of An Qingxu lasted until 757, when Tang forces put An Qingxu under siege in Yecheng. At that time, the major Yan general Shi Siming submitted to Tang, and An Zhongzhi submitted to Tang as well, subsequently serving under Shi. Emperor Xuanzong's son and successor Emperor Suzong created An Zhongzhi the Duke of Miyun and let him remain at his post.
However, Shi did not himself remain under submission to Tang for long, and when he himself rose against Tang and claimed the Yan throne, he made An Zhongzhi a minister and had him defend the region along with Xin Wanbao (辛萬寶). After Shi was assassinated and succeeded by his son Shi Chaoyi in 761, An Zhongzhi refused to serve Shi Chaoyi. He had his officer Wang Wujun kill Xin and then submitted to Tang, allowing Tang forces access to the region through Tumen. Emperor Suzong's son and successor Emperor Daizong accepted his submission, gave him the imperial surname of Li, and further gave him the new personal name of Baochen (meaning "treasured subject"). He, along with fellow Yan generals Xue Song, Tian Chengsi, and Li Huaixian, were allowed to keep their territory, and he was made the military governor of Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang), consisting of six prefectures that he controlled. Emperor Daizong also created him the Duke of Zhao.
After the Anshi Rebellion.
The four former Yan generals formed alliances among themselves, as well as with two other military governors, Li Zhengji and Liang Chongyi, hoping to be able to pass their territories to their descendants, semi-independent of the Tang imperial government, retaining their armies and taxes without submitting them to the imperial government. As part of this alliance, Li Baochen's brother Li Baozheng (李寶正) married Tian's daughter, and Li Baochen gave a daughter in marriage to Li Zhengji's son Li Na and took a daughter of Li Zhengji's to be the wife of his son Li Weicheng (李惟誠). Li Baochen, however, would for a while be more submissive to the imperial government than others in the alliance, and when Zhu Xicai assassinated Li Huaixian in 768 and took over Lulong Circuit (盧龍, i.e., the circuit formerly known as Fanyang), Li Baochen attacked Zhu Xicai under the name of the Tang imperial regime, but he was repelled by Zhu, and Emperor Daizong subsequently allowed Zhu to retain Lulong Circuit.
Li Baochen's alliance with Tian Chengsi, who controlled Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei), would be severely tested in 775, as Tian, despite the alliance, looked down at his allies and had seized most of Xue Song's Zhaoyi Circuit (昭義, headquartered in modern Anyang, Henan) after Xue's death in 773 rather than allowing Xue's family to retain the territory. In or shortly before 775, there was an incident where Li Baozheng and Tian's son Tian Wei (田維) were playing polo at Weibo, when an accidental collision between Li Baozheng's and Tian Wei's horses killed Tian Wei. Tian Chengsi, in anger, imprisoned Li Baozheng and sent a messenger to Li Baochen in protest. Li Baochen, wanting to be conciliatory, sent a cane back with Tian's messenger and allowed Tian to discipline Li Baozheng — but Tian, in anger over his son's death, caned Li Baozheng to death, causing Li Baochen to break off the alliance with Tian. He and Li Zhengji, who also felt slighted by Tian, submitted petitions to the imperial government asking to attack Tian, and Emperor Daizong agreed, launching troops from a number of circuits loyal to the imperial government, in addition to Li Baochen's and Li Zhengji's forces, to attack Tian. Li Baochen, Zhu Tao (whose brother Zhu Ci had killed Zhu Xicai in 772, submitted Lulong to Tang imperial authority, and went to Chang'an to serve as chancellor, leaving Zhu Tao in command of Lulong), and Xue Jianxun (薛兼訓) the military governor of Taiyuan Circuit attacked Tian from the north, while Li Zhengji and Li Zhongchen the military governor of Huaixi Circuit (淮西, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan) attacked Tian from the south. Initially, these joint forces were successful in their attacks against Tian, seizing Ci Prefecture (磁州, in modern Handan) from Tian, but Tian was subsequently able to persuade Li Zhengji to break off his attack, substantially weakening the joint forces. Meanwhile, Li Baochen was offended when an imperial eunuch, Ma Chengqian (馬承倩), who had visited Li Baochen's army, was so dissatisfied with Li Baochen's gift to him that he threw it on the ground, and Tian was also able to use hoaxes to persuade Li Baochen that if he joined forces with Tian to attack Lulong, he would be successful. Li Baochen thus turned against Zhu Tao, launching a surprise attack on him, but was unable to kill Zhu Tao, effectively ending any hopes of the campaign against Tian and subsequently creating an enmity between the Chengde and Lulong Circuits. Tian subsequent ceded Cang Prefecture (滄州, in modern Cangzhou, Hebei) to LI Baochen, cementing the reformed alliance and increasing Li Baochen's holdings to seven prefectures. By 777, Li Baochen had an army that was 50,000-men strong, and Emperor Daizong created him the Prince of Longxi.
In 778, for reasons unclear in history, Li Baochen briefly assumed his old surname of Zhang. However, in 779, he became apprehensive about having done so, and, with Emperor Daizong's permission, reassumed the imperial surname of Li. Also in 779, when Tian Chengsi died, it was at the urging of Li Baochen that Emperor Daizong officially approved Tian Chengsi's selected successor, his nephew Tian Yue, as Tian Chengsi's successor.
As Li Baochen grew older, he was planning to pass his territory to his son Li Weiyue, but as Li Weiyue was described to be weak in personality, he feared that Li Weiyue would not be able to control the army. Therefore, he began to systematically kill the stronger military officers in his army to eliminate potential challengers to Li Weiyue. The only officers to escape this fate were Zhang Xiaozhong the prefect of Yi Prefecture (易州, in modern Baoding, Hebei) — who resisted repeated summons by Li Baochen and stayed at Yi Prefecture, although not turning against Li Baochen while Li Baochen was alive — and Wang Wujun, who was close to Li Baochen and whose son Wang Shizhen had married Li Baochen's daughter. It was also said that in his old age, he became particularly superstitious and trusted sorcerers who predicted that he would have long life and supreme power (i.e., become emperor). In 781, the sorcerers made him a potion that was supposed to yield long life, but instead was poisonous, and he died within three days of drinking it. Li Weiyue would succeed him without Tang imperial approval, and by 782 was killed by Wang, ending the Li family's hold on Chengde.

</doc>
<doc id="18967388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967388" title="Pimenta, Minas Gerais">
Pimenta, Minas Gerais

Pimenta is a Brazilian municipality located in the center of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 8,164 people living in a total area of 415 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Oeste de Minas and to the micro-region of Formiga. It became a municipality in 1948. 
Location.
The city center of Pimenta is located at an elevation of 776 meters on a northern arm of the great reservoir of Furnas. Neighboring municipalities are: Pains (N), Formiga (E), Guapé, and Piumhi (W).
The distance to Belo Horizonte is 241 km. The distance to regional center Formiga is 44 km. Connections are made by state highway BR-050. 
Economic activities.
Services and agriculture are the most important economic activities. In 2005 there were 22 small transformation industries employing 69 workers. Public administration was the biggest employer with 221 workers. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$65 million, with 28 million reais from services, 3 million reais from industry, and 30 million reais from agriculture. There were 560 rural producers on 28,000 hectares of land. 113 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 1,500 persons were employed in agriculture. The main crops are coffee, rice, beans, and corn. There were 14,000 head of cattle (2006). 
There was one bank (2007). In the vehicle fleet there were 1,057 automobiles, 174 trucks, 185 pickup trucks, and 1,012 motorcycles (2007). 
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 4 public health clinics and 1 hospital with 22 beds. (2005). Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Divinópolis, Piumhi or Formiga. Educational needs of 1,550 students were met by 3 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 3 pre-primary schools. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$239.00 below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest was Setubinha with R$73.00.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="18967389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967389" title="Abdulle Geedannaar">
Abdulle Geedannaar

Abdulle Geedanaar is a Somali poet from the Abgaal clan. He is famous for his "Guuroow" (poetry).

</doc>
<doc id="18967393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967393" title="Ashby de la Zouch railway station">
Ashby de la Zouch railway station

Ashby de la Zouch railway station was a railway station at Ashby-de-la-Zouch in Leicestershire on the Leicester to Burton upon Trent Line. The Midland Railway opened it on 1849 and British Railways closed it on 1964.
The station is a small Neoclassical building, with side pavilions and Doric columns in keeping with the nearby Royal Hotel of 1826. It is a Grade II* listed building.
History.
The Midland Railway opened the station on 1 August 1849 as part of its new line between and . The station was built partly on the remains of the horse-drawn Ticknall Tramway, which previously connected Ticknall lime quarries with the Ashby Canal.
In 1874 the Midland extended its Derby to Melbourne line to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, partly using the route of the former Ticknall Tramway. The junction with the Leicester to Burton-on-Trent line was just west of Ashby station, so for a time the branch was served by a separate station a short distance from the 1849 building.
Ashby station forecourt was also a terminus for the gauge Burton and Ashby Light Railway, a tramway between Ashby and Burton upon Trent, built by the MR and closed on 19 February 1927. Tram lines for the Burton and Ashby Light Railway are still visible in the forecourt.
The line became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway under the Grouping of 1923. In the nationalisation of transport in Britain in 1948 the line passed to the London Midland Region of British Railways. British Railways withdrew passenger services and closed Ashby station on 7 September 1964.
Reopening proposals.
In the 1990s BR planned to restore passenger services between Leicester and Burton as the second phase of its Ivanhoe Line project. However, after the privatisation of British Rail in 1995 this phase of the project was discontinued. In 2009 the Association of Train Operating Companies published a £49 million proposal to restore passenger services to the line that would include reopening a station at Ashby.

</doc>
<doc id="18967403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967403" title="Symphony No. 3 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 3 (Haydn)

Joseph Haydn's Symphony No. 3 in G major, Hoboken I/3, is believed to have been written between 1760 and 1762.
It is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, strings and continuo. It was one of the earliest symphonies to have four movements:
The winds are not used in the slow movement, but the trio of the minuet shows "the first emergence of winds from their earlier rôle ... in the earliest divertimenti for winds and strings."
The Minuet is a canon between the higher and lower voices at the distance of one bar. Haydn would later write a similar canon in the minuet of his twenty-third symphony and similar canons would be later be written into G major minuets by Michael Haydn and Mozart. Later still, Haydn himself would develop this technique into the "Canones in Diapason" of the minuet of his Trauer Symphony and the "Witches' Minuet" of his D minor string quartet from Op. 76.
The Finale is also contrapuntal. It is a fugue with two subjects that also integrates elements of sonata form.

</doc>
<doc id="18967404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967404" title="Roy Cizek">
Roy Cizek

Roy F. Cizek (January 29, 1943 – April 12, 1993) was an American inventor who developed high end audio loudspeakers throughout the late 1960s and up to the 1990s. Despite being blind, he produced a line of speakers under his own name that are even today considered groundbreaking in their high definition and clarity.
History.
Cizek was not blind from birth. He had normal vision as a youngster until the age of 2 or 3 years, but suffered eye damage when his cowboy suit caught fire. His worst affliction, however, was his legs, which were ulcerated from the fire and never healed well. They had to be soaked every day. Friends reported that Cizek was his worst enemy; drinking several cases of Coke weekly, which caused him to become a type 2 diabetic. Cizek's closest friend and constant side-kick was Ron Whaley, who was also legally blind though he could see to a limited degree.
Raised in Bloomington, Indiana, Roy Cizek was in the band at Indiana University, and is listed as an alumni member of the Alpha Zeta Chapter of the Kappa Kappa Psi Fraternity, a National Honorary Fraternity for college band members, operating exclusively in the field of the college and university bands. Cizek's father, Fred Cizek, was an up and coming trumpet player who played in big bands back in the 1940s.
Cizek, his wife Fran, and their sons Fred, Carl, and Mitchell moved to Cambridge, Massachusetts in the 1970s. He worked in the HiFi industry as a consultant at companies like Acoustic Research. Between 1978 and 1980, he worked as an engineer at Audio Dynamics in Connecticut. Later in his career, he moved away from New England to work for Altec Lansing.
Fellow workers considered Roy Cizek a spectacular engineer, acoustician, music buff and intriguing fellow to know. Some writers on the Internet refer to Cizek as "The Golden Ears of Altec Lansing." Cizek could tell more about a part by fondling it for a minute than most people could tell by measuring it. His ability to visualize internally, spatially and conceptually and turn that vision into a product was a marvel to witness. His design process was rigorous and he was a bit of a perfectionist. He knew quite precisely what he wanted and knew how to hold out to get it. He would drive those driver manufacturers nuts in getting just the exact right spiders, cones, pole pieces, coils and so on to meet "his spec." While working as a consultant at Acoustic Research, Cizek was largely ignored by the engineers and was looked upon as a nuisance. He knew nothing about how companies were run and the internal politics that were prevalent there, so Cizek was considered a threat to many engineers and did not realize that he had to make them feel as if they contributed to his efforts rather than make them look bad. He showed how he could extend the range (low-end response) by 6–7 Hz with their speakers without sacrificing anything or increasing costs. Fellow workers lauded Cizek's talent at producing "good quality sound without making the speakers too high priced."
In the late 1970s, Roy Cizek founded his own company, Cizek Audio, which was based in Andover, Massachusetts 
In 1976 Roy Cizek produced his most successful product: "The Cizek Model One". A later model, the KA-1, was produced in KOA wood. Many sound engineers considered The Cizek Model One one of the best 2-way speakers ever produced: they had a special cross-over with a flat impedance which gave fantastic sound to these system.
Cizek's skills were not limited by his lack of vision and he often said he would much rather have healthy legs before sight. Cizek married three times, including a woman from Haverhill, Massachusetts, who moved away with him from New England when he got a job working for[Altec Lansing. Roy Cizek's last official residence was in Torrance, California, where he died on April 12, 1993. A scholarship was created in Roy's name at the Indiana School for the Blind by his two stepdaughters, Julie and Christa DeBoer in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18967414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967414" title="Quebec City Marathon">
Quebec City Marathon

The Quebec City Marathon (), or SSQ Quebec City Marathon, is an annual point-to-point Boston Marathon qualifying marathon (42.195 km/26.219 mi) race between Lévis and Quebec City, Quebec, Canada. It has been held in August every year since 1998 and currently can reach up to 12,700 participants in all of the events combined. Along with the full marathon, a half marathon, a 10 km, a 5 km and children's events are arranged as well.
The course distinguishes itself from other races in that kilometer markers are posted in reverse order, indicating the remaining distance to the finish line. Among other things, this allows all events to start at the same time and on the same course, from the appropriate distance away from the finish line.
The race is part of a series of races that go on around Quebec City each year called "Run Quebec City", with the Quebec City Marathon being the most well known event. Other events in the series include the Oasis International Half Marathon each May, the Quebec City Staircase Challenge, including many staircases on a 19 km or 13.5 km course, each June, the Descente Royale (which was postponed in 2013), the Bataille des Plainesa, a 5 km, 10 km and children's race, each June, and the Desjardins Ladies Challenge, a 5 km, 10 km and children's race, each July.
Information.
The race also features a spectacular event two days before the actual marathon race known as the SSQ Star Race. The race is giant loop which participants may run as many times as they wish within the hour and a half available. The race begins at night, usually around 8pm, and for the first hour and fifteen minutes a musical show will be put on around the course, which is well lit up by many multi-colored lights, including the LED caps given to each participant. After and hour and thirty-five minutes, just five minutes after the participants finish running, a firework show begins to light up the night sky.
The race is often known for it's flashy well-designed medals, given to participants in each event, including the SSQ Star Race and Kids Run.
The top three placers in the marathon, half marathon, 10 km, 5 km, and kids run, are also given prize money ranging from $5000 for first in the full marathon, to $50 for the winner of the kids run.

</doc>
<doc id="18967417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967417" title="Virpur">
Virpur

Virpur may refer to one of two places in the state of Gujarat, India:

</doc>
<doc id="18967423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967423" title="Diving at the 1998 Commonwealth Games">
Diving at the 1998 Commonwealth Games

The Diving Competition at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia counted a total number of six medal events: three events for both men and women. 
Men's Results.
1m Springboard.
<br>
3m Springboard.
<br>
10m Platform.
<br>
Women's Results.
1m Springboard.
<br>
3m Springboard.
<br>
10m Platform.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18967428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967428" title="Suzi Q (Ammonia song)">
Suzi Q (Ammonia song)

"Suzi Q" is a song by Ammonia, released as their third and final single from their debut album "Mint 400".

</doc>
<doc id="18967438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967438" title="Joseph Brown (Missouri politician)">
Joseph Brown (Missouri politician)

Joseph Brown (1823December 3, 1899) was mayor of Alton, Illinois, serving from 1856 to 1857, and the twenty-first mayor of St. Louis, Missouri, serving from 1871 to 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="18967450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967450" title="La Masia">
La Masia

La Masia de Can Planes, usually shortened to La Masia, (, English: ), is the name of FC Barcelona's football training facilities, originally located near the Camp Nou in the Les Corts district of Barcelona, and is often used to generically describe the Barcelona youth academy. The youth academy of Barcelona holds more than 300 young players, and has been praised since 2002 as one of the best in the world, being a significant factor in FC Barcelona's European success as well as the Spanish national team's success at the 2010 FIFA World Cup. In 2010, La Masia achieved a record breaking honour becoming the first youth academy to have trained all three finalists for the Ballon d'Or in one same year, with Andrés Iniesta, Lionel Messi and Xavi Hernández.
The original building itself was an ancient country residence (In Catalan: masia) built in 1702, and once Camp Nou was inaugurated in 1957, the building was remodelled and extended for use as the club's social headquarters. With the gradual expansion of the club, the building became too small for headquarters, and on 20 October 1979, La Masia was converted into a dormitory for young players from outside of Barcelona. On June 30, 2011, the Masia building ceased housing the young sportsmen who are trained to become a part of the club’s professional teams. In a simple ceremony, the doors were closed and the Ciutat Esportiva Joan Gamper took over the function of the residential center for the youngsters.
History.
La Masia de Can Planes was an old Catalan farmhouse, built in 1702. In 1979 it was first used by the club to house its young footballers who originated from outside of Barcelona. The idea for the youth academy was proposed to Núñez by Johan Cruyff, a former player who was a youth-product from the Ajax Academy. Núñez installed Oriol Tort as director.
One of the first graduates of the academy was the midfielder Guillermo Amor, who débuted in 1988. Amor went on to play 311 La Liga matches for the first team. Two years later, he was followed by goalkeeper Carles Busquets and midfielder Pep Guardiola. All three made their first team début under Cruyff, who was made manager of the first team in 1988. The team played to Cruyff's tiki-taka philosophy, derived from total football, which has often been attributed as a key component in Barcelona's later success and international appeal. Guardiola matured into a total-football midfielder, and became a source of inspiration for later midfielders from La Masia, such as Xavi Hernández, Andrés Iniesta and Cesc Fàbregas. Xavi, who was Guardiola's understudy for three years, said in 2010 that he once considered transferring abroad because of the pressure and high expectations placed on him to fill Guardiola's role in the midfield.
Guardiola was appointed the new coach of FC Barcelona B in May 2007. At that time, the team was in organisational disarray as it entered the fourth tier of Spanish football. The relegation of the B team was a cause in the disbanding of FC Barcelona C, which played in that league. In Guardiola's re-organisation of the reserve side, he made places available in Barcelona B to players above the age of 21; his aim was to increase competition within the team and help it advance into a more competitive league. He divided the players into two categories: "pearls", which was composed of the young players, and the "backbone", which was mostly composed of those who were more mature. The "backbone players" were between 21 and 26 years old and they stayed in the B team for a maximum of two years before being sold. Guardiola said the two-year duration was to allow for room to constantly develop youth players.
In 2011 it was announced that Barcelona would be moving all it's football training activities to La Ciutat Esportiva Joan Gamper.
La Masia received more publicity after Barcelona B's success with homegrown players; Rory Smith reported in "The Daily Telegraph" that La Masia "has replaced the fabled Ajax Academy as football's foremost production line." The recent fame and success of La Masia as a talent school was ascribed by Ian Hawkey of "The Times" to the class of 1987, which featured prominent members as Cesc Fàbregas, Lionel Messi, Gerard Piqué and Pedro Rodríguez. In 2000, Louis van Gaal, coach of FC Barcelona's first team, was widely ridiculed by the city sports media for his dream to win the Champions League with 11 home-grown players. The first team won the trophy in 2009 with eight home-grown players.
In the 30 years since La Masia's inauguration, more than 500 youngsters have left their homes and families to stay at the academy. About half of them were from Catalonia, and the rest came from other regions of the Kingdom of Spain and beyond, including 15 from Cameroon, 7 from Brazil, 5 from Senegal and 3 from Argentina. Of those 500, about 10 percent made it into the first team.
Organization.
La Masia houses about 60 players: 10 in the farmhouse, and the rest in rooms of the adjacent stadium; the rest of the youth players must provide for their own accommodation.
The academy is one of the most expensive in Europe, operating at a cost of £5 million a year. The main cost is the dormitory, La Masia itself. The minimum age for the youth program is six years; each year, more than 1,000 boys from the ages of six to eight try out for admittance. The best 200 are selected. The club also actively seeks for prospective students; it employs a system in which 15 scouts are deployed in Catalonia, 15 in the rest of Spain and 10 scattered throughout the world. To alleviate the expenses of this scouting, the club has an agreement with 15 local clubs for them to train players who are not ready for entry into the youth academy. In return, FC Barcelona gives money, coaching and technical advice to these clubs for their services. While expanding its operations abroad, the club established five schools in Mexico and one in Egypt; successful applicants to these schools become full-time students, receiving academic education and football training.
When Guardiola re-organised the reserve side, he set up a three-staged program to formalise the advancement from Juvenil to Barcelona B and finally to the first team. The first stage of a youth player's career involves a rotation scheme with Barcelona B. The second stage involves making the player aware of his importance to the team, and expects the player to improve cohesion and performance within the reserve side. In the last stage, he is designated a "key" player of the B team and might be called to the first team. One of the players in the third phase is made captain, regardless of the experience of older players.
The teams at Barcelona play from August to May; mild weather at La Masia allows players to train outdoors throughout the year. The youth teams train after school; Barcelona B and C, as professional teams, train in the morning and evening. All of the trainers at FC Barcelona are former professional footballers.
FC Barcelona B, the club's main youth team, and the 12 other youth teams contained 24 coaches and more than 300 players. There are 56 other employees, including doctors, psychologists, nutritionists, cooks and physiologists. In the 2009–10 season, the B team qualified for the Segunda División again. Barcelona B play in a 4-3-3 formation, which is the same formation employed by the first team.
Philosophy.
Former technical director, Pep Segura, attributes the club's success to its "philosophy of play": "It is about creating one philosophy, one mentality, from the bottom of the club to the top". The philosophy consists of the application of total football mixed with traditional Spanish one-touch play ("tiqui-taka"). The total football approach was derived from the Netherlands football team through Cruyff. The total football approach requires the players to move in a fluid formation, where players can interchange positions quickly. In the youth academy, there is a large focus on technical ability, which is seen as a pre-requisite for inter-changes. An often-quoted reason for Barcelona's success is the continuity and commitment with which Barcelona follow the current philosophy of pass and move. Guardiola was the prototype of the pivotal midfielder; current midfielders Xavi and Iniesta are its custodians.
Another aspect of La Masia is its marked Catalan national character—local talent in the service of a club with a strong, defining sense of the cultural make-up of Catalonia. The supporters often prefer locally-developed players to foreign players if the players are equally talented. In this way, the emphasis on homegrown talent concurs with UEFA's attempts to curb the influx of foreign players in clubs. The head of UEFA, Michel Platini said: "Barcelona represent my philosophy, not only for the game, but also for the training of athletes".
Impact.
In 2009, Messi became the first player from La Masia to be awarded with the Ballon d'Or prize for the best footballer in Europe, and the FIFA World Player award, for the best footballer in the world. Other La Masia alumni who finished in the top five in that year's balloting include Xavi and Iniesta.
On 11 July 2010, Spain won the World Cup final with eight players from Barcelona; seven were from La Masia, and six of them were in the starting line-up: Gerard Piqué, Carles Puyol, Andrés Iniesta, Xavi Hernández, Sergio Busquets, and Pedro Rodríguez. This set a record for the most players to be provided by a club side for a team in a World Cup final. Joachim Löw, coach of Germany, said after his side's defeat by Spain that the opposition had a distinct Barcelona style: "You can see it in every pass, how Spain plays is how Barcelona plays. They can hardly be beaten. They are extremely confident and very calm in the way they circulate the ball."
Alumni.
Below is a sortable list of La Masia alumni who have played in more than 50 professional top-tier league games, or currently play for the Barcelona first team. Only league appearances and goals are included.

</doc>
<doc id="18967455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967455" title="Ətcələr, Jalilabad">
Ətcələr, Jalilabad

Ətcələr (also, Etchelyar and Echeler) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 274. 

</doc>
<doc id="18967461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967461" title="River Og">
River Og

The River Og is a short river in Wiltshire, England.
It rises near the hamlet of Draycot Foliat, and flows south through Ogbourne St George, Ogbourne St Andrew and Ogbourne Maizey to Marlborough, where it joins the River Kennet.
The river flows through a gap in the Marlborough Downs which creates a natural transport route, now followed by the A346 and once used by the Midland and South Western Junction Railway.
The name is a back-formation from Ogbourne (which itself means "Occa's stream").

</doc>
<doc id="18967467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967467" title="Symphony No. 4 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 4 (Haydn)

Joseph Haydn's Symphony No. 4 in D major, Hoboken I/4, is believed to have been written between 1757 and 1761.
It is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, strings and continuo. As usual for the period, it is in three movements:
The second movement features a syncopated second violin part. The walking eighth-notes of the second violins are offset by half a step (a sixteenth note) from the first violins that play above it.
The finale is marked "Tempo di Menuetto", but is not in the 3/4 time of a minuet, but in the 3/8 time which is typical of Haydn's other early symphonic finales. Also, unlike other minuets, the movement lacks a central trio section.

</doc>
<doc id="18967470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967470" title="John &amp; Jehn">
John &amp; Jehn

John & Jehn (also known as John and Jehn) are a lo-fi/indie rock duo from France, in which John and Jehn are respectively Nicolas Congé (aka Johnny Hostile) and Camille Berthomier (aka Jehnny Beth).
History.
John & Jehn started their musical career when the couple moved from their hometowns to London at the end of 2006. The first song they wrote together was "20 L 07". Influenced by Serge Gainsbourg, The Velvet Underground, Jean-Luc Godard, Gang of Four, John Fante, Joy Division, Jacques Brel and Johnny Cash, They released their debut album, nearly all of which was recorded in their bedroom, through indie label FMM (Faculty Music Media) in April 2008, to critical acclaim.
After touring Europe, the pair returned to Angoulême in the summer of 2009 to build and record in their own studio, and to rehearse for their initial live shows as a quartet (supporting Franz Ferdinand in front of 8,000 people in Paris was their first). Their second studio album, "Time for the Devil", was released on March 28, 2010. To support their second album on stage, John & Jehn were joined by Raphael Mura (from Underground Railroad) on drums and Maud-Elisa Mandeau (from Le Prince Miiaou) on guitar. For their UK tour, Gemma Thomson (from Hindley) was added on guitar. 
In 2010, John & Jehn settled back in London. They toured Europe, appeared on the front cover of "Artrocker" magazine, and played "And We Run" and "Down Our Streets" for Tom Robinson and Jonathan Ross at the BBC.
Other projects.
In 2005, Jehn (Camille Berthomier) played the leading role in "À travers la forêt".
In 2009, Berthomier also appeared as an actress in "Sodium Babies".
In 2011 they created their own label called Pop Noire, which aimed to release their new records and other artists produced by John in the John & Jehn studio in London. The first release, by the artist Lescop, was the track "La Foret" (produced by John and video by Jehn), issued in October 2011.
In October 2011, Berthomier formed the London-based post-punk band, Savages, using her pseudonym Jehny Beth. The band also includes Gemma Thompson.

</doc>
<doc id="18967475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967475" title="Ətcələr, Masally">
Ətcələr, Masally

Ətcələr (also, Etchelyar and Atzhalyar) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 840. 

</doc>
<doc id="18967483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967483" title="Through the Back Door">
Through the Back Door

Through the Back Door (1921) is a silent film directed by Alfred E. Green and Jack Pickford, and starring Mary Pickford.
Plot.
The movie starts in Belgium in the early 1900s. Jeanne (Mary Pickford) is the 10-year-old daughter of Louise (Gertrude Astor). Troubles start when Louise remarries a selfish but rich man named Elton Reeves (Wilfred Lucas). He convinces her to move to America and leave Jeanne behind in Belgium to live with the maid Marie (Helen Raymond). At first Louise refuses to, but eventually gives in and leaves Jeanne in the care of Marie.
Five years pass and Jeanne and Marie bonded. Meanwhile, Louise hated living in America and feels guilty having left her kid behind. She returns to Belgium to reunite with Jeanne, but Marie doesn't want to give her up. When Louise finally arrives, Marie lies to her Jeanne drowned in a river nearby. Louise is devastated and collapses, before returning to America. This results in estranging from Elton.
World War I broke out. Marie fears for Jeanne's safety and brings her to America to live with her mother. After an emotional goodbye, Jeanne sets out for America to find her mother. Along the way she meets two orphan boys and decides to take care of them. When she finally arrives in America, she travels to Louise's big mansion.
Too afraid to tell her she is her daughter, Jeanne applies to serve as her maid. While pretending to be someone else, she gets to know her mother. However, she has trouble keeping up the lie and wants nothing more but have a reconciliation. Waiting for the right time to tell the truth, Jeanne hopes everything will come to a right end. When guests of the mansion plot to fleece Elton, Jeanne is forced to reveal her true identity to save the day. A happy reunion follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18967492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967492" title="Riot Live (album)">
Riot Live (album)

Riot Live (not to be confused with the 1982 EP of the same name with Rhett Forrester on vocals) is Riot's first full-length live album, recorded in the UK in 1980, but not issued until 1989 on CBS/Sony Music in Japan. This is the band's last output with original vocalist Guy Speranza.
The album contains a cover of the well known 1950s rock'n'roll classic, "Train Kept A-Rollin'", brought to prominence in the 1960s and 1970s by the likes of The Yardbirds, Led Zeppelin, and Aerosmith.
"Riot Live" finally saw an American release in 1993 via Metal Blade Records. Although the U.S. re-issue front cover lists the "Fire Down Under" (1981) line-up, no songs from that album are included on "Riot Live", most likely because Fire Down Under had not been released yet. Furthermore the Metal Blade Records Release clearly states that both concerts were recorded Live in England in 1980!
The first Japanese release stated part of the recording to be from a Hammersmith Odeon 1981 concert. However, according to the Hammersmith Odeon concert history website, Riot never played the Hammersmith Odeon in 1981, but they played the Hammersmith Odeon on Saturday, April 19th, 1980 & Sunday, April 20th, 1980 as part of the Tour supporting Sammy Hagar. It is therefore more likely that the cover info from the initial Japanese release is incorrect and that the error was corrected with the later U.S. release.
Track listing.
Tracks 1-5 and 7-8 recorded April 19 and/or 20, 1980 at the Hammersmith Odeon.<br>Tracks 6 and 9-14 recorded August 16, 1980 at the Monsters of Rock festival in Donington Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18967493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967493" title="Ken Carter (song)">
Ken Carter (song)

"Ken Carter" is the second single released by Australian alternative rock band, Ammonia, from their debut album "Mint 400". The single was released by Sony Music Australia's imprint label, Murmur in late February 1996.
The single reached No. 50 on the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) Singles Chart. 
The song was named after Ken Carter, a Canadian stuntman who attempted to jump over the Saint Lawrence River in the late 1970s. Johnstone describes the song as being about feeling trapped in a relationship. 
According to Allmusic's reviewer, Nitsuh Abebe, '"Ken Carter" sounds like a more rocked-out version of the Posies.' The South Florida Sun-Sentinel describes the beginning of "Ken Carter" as being nothing but annoying whining, although the addition of a great riff in the chorus gives it the high intensity that it needs. Other reviewers describe the song as starting out with a very watery sounding intro followed by a loud distorted chorus. 

</doc>
<doc id="18967523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967523" title="Waldemar II, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst">
Waldemar II, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst

Waldemar II, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst (died bef. 24 August 1371) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the Principality of Anhalt-Zerbst.
He was the eldest child and only son of Waldemar I, Prince of Anhalt-Zerbst by his first wife Elisabeth, daughter of Rudolf I, Elector of Saxony and Duke of Saxe-Wittemberg.
Life.
After the death of his father in 1368, Waldemar became the new co-ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Zerbst with his cousin John II. His reign only lasted four years. After his death unmarried and childless, he was succeeded by John II, who became the sole ruler over Anhalt-Zerbst.

</doc>
<doc id="18967526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967526" title="Symphony No. 5 (Haydn)">
Symphony No. 5 (Haydn)

The Symphony No. 5 in A major, Hoboken I/5, by Joseph Haydn, is believed to have been written between 1760 and 1762.
It is scored for 2 oboes, bassoon, 2 horns, strings and continuo. A sonata da chiesa, it is in four movements:
The opening slow movement and the Trio of the Minuet both feature very high horn parts. Of Haydn's works, only those in the "Sonata a tre", Hob. IV/5 and the 51st symphony are more difficult.

</doc>
<doc id="18967530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967530" title="One Rainy Night">
One Rainy Night

One Rainy Night is a 1991 novel by American horror author Richard Laymon.
Following the murder of a black high school student by several of his classmates, a black rain begins to fall on the town of Bixby, causing anyone touched by it to instantly begin exhibiting violent, homicidal tendencies. The plot focuses on a handful of survivors trying to make it through the night.

</doc>
<doc id="18967544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967544" title="St. Jude's Elementary">
St. Jude's Elementary

St. Jude's Elementary is a Catholic elementary (K-7) school located in Vancouver, BC. It is located near Renfrew Street on Vancouver's East Side. The school colours are grey and green, and the sports teams compete under the name of Patriots. Most of its graduates progress to Notre Dame Regional Secondary School, since St. Jude is one of Notre Dame's feeder schools, although some attend Vancouver College, Little Flower Academy, St. Thomas More or a public high school.
Sports and Clubs.
The sports offered at the school include Volleyball, Basketball, Track and Field, and many other intramural athletics. Intramural sports feature floor hockey and basketball. The main reaccuring clubs include Peer Buddy Club, Peer Tutoring Club, and Running Club, but there are many more that appear throughout the years, such as Art Club, Photography, and Drama Club.
Awards.
The three awards that are awarded upon graduation to graduates include Catholic Leadership, Academic, and Athletics awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18967579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18967579" title="Ministry of Science and Higher Education (Poland)">
Ministry of Science and Higher Education (Poland)

The Ministry of Science and Higher Education () in Poland was opened on 5 May 2006 by the Minister of Science and Higher Education, in replacement of several parts of the Ministry of Education and Science. The Minister of Science and Higher Education administers governmental activities in science and higher education and has a budget for scientific research provided by State funds. The Rada Nauki (Science Council) acts together with the Minister, in replacement of the Komitet Badań Naukowych (Science Research Council) which was closed in 2005. The headquarters of the ministry are located at ulica Wspólna 1/3, Warsaw.

</doc>
