<doc id="20843135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843135" title="List of butterflies of Australia">
List of butterflies of Australia

Australia has more than 400 species of butterflies, the majority of which are continental species, and more than a dozen endemic species from  remote islands administered by various Australian territorial governments. The largest butterflies in the world are endemic to the Australasian ecozone. They are the birdwings—"Ornithoptera" and other genera—of the Troidini tribe of swallowtail butterflies (Papilionidae).
Papilionidae: Swallowtails.
family: Papilionidae (Swallowtails) — 18+2 species [*2 non-continental species]
Pieridae: Whites and Yellows.
family: Pieridae (Whites and Yellows) — 35+2+1 species [†1 introduced species]
Riodinidae: Metalmarks.
family: Riodinidae (Metalmarks) — 1 species
Lycaenidae: Gossamer-winged Blues and Coppers.
family: Lycaenidae (Gossamer-winged Blues and Coppers) — 142+7 species
Nymphalidae: Brush– or four-footed.
family: Nymphalidae (Brush– or four-footed) — 81+6 species
Hesperiidae: Skippers.
family: Hesperiidae (Skippers) — 121+1 species
Remote islands species.
Australia has 8,222 islands within her maritime borders. This is small in comparison with her northern neighbour Indonesia, with "about" 18,300 islands (high geological activity is constantly adding and removing Indonesian islands). The British Isles include more than 6,000 islands over a much smaller area. The Greek islands include about as many islands depending on the minimum size to take into account, but in an even smaller area.

</doc>
<doc id="20843136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843136" title="Pennie &amp; Edmonds">
Pennie &amp; Edmonds

Pennie & Edmonds was a New York City-based boutique law firm that focused on all aspects of intellectual property law. The firm practiced from 1883 until December 31, 2003, when it dissolved.
The firm's dissolution came in the wake of boutique IP firms losing ground to general-practice firms – and, perhaps more acutely, the loss of key rainmakers, mostly patent litigation partners who took their clients to full-service firms (see book of business). 
The loss of rainmaker Jonathan A. Marshall, a litigator with clients such as Hewlett-Packard that decamped to Weil Gotshal & Manges in 2002, augured badly for Pennie & Edmonds. With the firm's lease up for renewal and the firm's partners unwilling to personally guarantee it, Pennie & Edmonds began talking to other firms with a view toward a merger. In the end, the firm's partners voted to dissolve. The Palo Alto office joined Morgan, Lewis & Bockius, a rapidly expanding Philadelphia-based firm, while much of the New York office joined national firm Jones Day. 
Ironically, Marshall has since rejoined another IP boutique firm, Fish & Richardson, which has been rapidly expanding into the General Practice arena.
Former Pennie & Edmonds employees have created a group on Facebook which enables them to stay in touch and schedule reunions. http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=516745650&ref=profile#/group.php?gid=22002598763

</doc>
<doc id="20843146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843146" title="List of operas by Hindemith">
List of operas by Hindemith

This is a list of the operas written by the German composer Paul Hindemith (1895–1963).

</doc>
<doc id="20843148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843148" title="Larry Johnson (baseball)">
Larry Johnson (baseball)

Larry Doby Johnson (August 17, 1950 – May 26, 2013) was an American professional baseball player. A catcher, he appeared in 12 games over five Major League seasons for the Cleveland Indians (1972; 1974), Montreal Expos (1975–1976), and Chicago White Sox (1978). Johnson was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He batted and threw right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Johnson was named for Larry Doby, the first African-American to play in the American League, a seven-time All-Star outfielder, and member of the Baseball Hall of Fame. Doby was a star for Johnson's hometown Cleveland Indians the year of his birth. Johnson was selected by the Indians in the ninth round of the 1968 Major League Baseball Draft. Although he had a 14-year career in minor league baseball and hit an even 100 career minor league home runs, his longest stint as a Major League player was six games for the 1976 Expos.
However, Johnson and his namesake, Larry Doby, were teammates (with Doby serving as a coach) on three separate MLB clubs during the 1970s: the 1974 Indians, 1976 Expos and 1978 White Sox. Johnson's last game as a Major Leaguer, on May 25, 1978, preceded by five weeks Doby's July 1 appointment as manager of the White Sox.
Johnson died suddenly on May 26, 2013. A day earlier he had spoken to his beloved son, Josh, an infielder for the Double-A Harrisburg Senators, to congratulate him on hitting two homers in one game.

</doc>
<doc id="20843164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843164" title="Cradle of Rome">
Cradle of Rome

Cradle of Rome (released in some regions as Jewel Master: Cradle of Rome) is the first in a series of tile-matching puzzle and strategy video games developed by cerasus.media and published by D3 Publisher on November 18, 2008 for the Nintendo DS handheld game console. The Wii version was released on March 31, 2009.
The game was originally created for PC by Awem studio from Belarus as a casual game. It has been followed by a variety of "Cradle"/"Jewel Master" games including "Cradle of Athena", "Cradle of Egypt" and "Cradle of Persia".
Gameplay.
The gameplay is similar to that of "Bejeweled"; the player must flip jewels/resources on a playing field to create matches of at least three items of the same type. As matches are formed, reserves of resources such as grain and wood are built up, which are used towards building the Roman Empire. Between rounds, resources can be spent on farms, taverns and other buildings to cultivate the commonwealth. The goal of each round is to form matches on blue tiles to clear them from the screen. Obstacles increase the game's difficulty; they include locked gems/resources, which cannot be switched until a match is made to unlock them. Each round also has a time limit, which is represented by a slowly emptying vase of water on the top screen. To help the player, several power-ups can be acquired, such as a hammer that can destroy any tile on the field. The game progresses with new types of gems and resources being unlocked at every new building built in Rome. Some buildings provide an extra bonus citizen with in-game bonuses if the player plays skillfully with the particular resource unlocked from that building.
Reception.
"Cradle of Rome" was given a mixed reception by video game critics, and it received an aggregated score of 63% at Metacritic. IGN was disappointed with the game, noting that the game's manual did not adequately explain how the game worked. They also found that its electronic soundtrack did not fit the game's Roman theme. Their review gave the game a score of 5.9 of 10 and suggested that players purchase better alternatives such as "The Quest Trio", stating, "It's another match-three game. There's nothing wrong with it, but it's been done better before."Game Informer gave it a 6.75 with the subheading "MORE LIKE CRADLE OF BORING" in Game Informer Issue 189 January 2009.
Rome Puzzle.
"Cradle of Rome" was originally developed from an Awem Studios game by the name "Rome Puzzle". This game was intended to be a casual game and many websites hosted and are currently the game as 'play online for free' - Rome Puzzle version. Currently the "Rome Puzzle" version is available for free download at GameTop. The free download is fully playable without limits and plays till the end. The Rome Puzzle version was developed and revamped before being published as Cradle of Rome by D3.

</doc>
<doc id="20843175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843175" title="Bensulide">
Bensulide

Bensulide is an organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor used as an herbicide. It functions by inhibiting cell division in meristematic root tissues and seedling growth by conjugation of acetyl co-enzyme. Generally speaking, Bensulide is used for Cole crops, cucurbits, leafy vegetables, legumes, opinion and garlic. The EPA classifies Bensulide as a General Use Pesticide.
Application.
Bensulide generally is applied to bare soil, before crops are planted. It is incorporated 1 to 2 inches deep in order for the control of grasses and broadleaf weeds in agricultural crops, residential grass lawns, and golf courses.
Uses.
Proturk Goosegrass and Crabgrass Control (EPA Reg. No. 00053800164) and Anderson's Goose and Crabgrass Control (EPA Reg. No. 00919800176) both have Bensulide as one of their active incredients, along with oxadiazon at a concentration of 5.25% and 1.31% respectively. Bensulide products may be used outdoors by homeowners on lawns and ornamentals, and by professional lawn care operators. Bensulide may be used on turf (primarily golf course greens and tees), on ornamentals, and for greenhouse and outdoor uses in commercial nurseries. 550,000 pounds of active incredient are used per year, a relatively low value 
Risks.
There are a few minor risks that are involved with herbicides that include Bensulide. Generally, indirect exposure to it is non-lethal. Dietary exposures from eating food crops treated with bensulide are below the level of concern for the entire U.S. population, including infants and children. Drinking water is not a significant source of exposure.
Risks are of concern for homeowners who apply bensulide, and for children entering turf areas treated with bensulide if label directions are not followed properly. EPA also has risk concerns for workers who mix, load, and/or apply bensulide to agricultural sites, golf courses, and home lawns. Chronic risks are of concern for birds and mammals; risks are posed to some aquatic species.

</doc>
<doc id="20843178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843178" title="Ministry of Infrastructure Development">
Ministry of Infrastructure Development

The Ministry of Infrastructure Development of Tanzania is responsible for coordinating and financing the development of the infrastructure of the country. Its mandate includes marine, aviation, roads, and other construction projects, and its responsibilities include working with the National Assembly in creating budgets and long-term project planning. 
Ministry offices are located in Dar es Salaam. The Minister of Infrastructure Development is Shukuru Kawambwa.
Organization and operations.
The work of the ministry is broadly organized into departments, authorities, agencies and institutions. 
Departments.
Departmental work within the ministry itself is organized into: 
The responsibilities of the ministry are devolved to a number of authorities and agencies.
Institutions.
Related institutions within the Tanzanian government include:

</doc>
<doc id="20843187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843187" title="Hal Jones">
Hal Jones

Harold Marion Jones (born April 9, 1936 in Louisiana, Missouri) is a former Major League Baseball first baseman who played for two seasons. He played 12 games for the Cleveland Indians in 1961 and five games in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="20843191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843191" title="Little Lava Lake">
Little Lava Lake

Little Lava Lake lies in the Cascade Range about west-southwest of Bend in the U.S. state of Oregon. A close neighbor of Lava Lake, from which it is separated by solidified lava, Little Lava Lake is at an elevation of in the Deschutes National Forest. Generally considered the source of the Deschutes River, the lake covers to an average depth of . 
Lava Lake, Little Lava Lake, and other nearby lakes formed after lava flows from Mount Bachelor altered drainage patterns in the area. Solidified lava flows are visible along the shorelines of both lakes, and the volcanic peaks Broken Top and South Sister can be seen to the north.
Recreation.
Fish in the lake include stocked rainbow trout, wild brook trout, and tui chub. Caught trout average and sometimes reach . In addition to fishing, the lake is used for canoeing, rafting, and swimming. 
A United States Forest Service campground is near the lake, and Big Lava Lake, about away, also has campsites. The Little Lava Lake campground has 13 campsites, two tent-only sites for large groups, and a boat ramp. 
Trails in the area offer opportunities for hiking and horseback riding. One trail follows the west side of Little Lava Lake and leads south into Three Sisters Wilderness and on to Williamson Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="20843205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843205" title="My World, My Way (video game)">
My World, My Way (video game)

My World, My Way, released in Japan as is a role-playing game developed by Global A Entertainment and published by Atlus in North America on February 3, 2009.
The game puts the player into the role of Princess Elise, a young, spoiled princess on a quest to impress a handsome adventurer into being her boyfriend.
Gameplay.
"My World, My Way" features two key game-play elements. One of which is Princess Elise's ability to pout, which prompts enemies and the game's landscape alike to change to her will through the usage of "pout points". By expending Pout Points the player can do a number of things to make tasks in the game easier, including forcing enemies to drop more money or experience points, completing quests automatically and altering the game's current environment to fulfill in-game requests due to certain items and enemies only being in certain areas. Princess Elise has the ability to make an environment area barren, a grassland, a forest, an island, a fire pit, a graveyard, a desert and more. As the player advances in the game, Elise's selfishness is refined and she gains a variety of different commands.
The second element is Elise's pet "Mimic Slime", which the player controls in battle along with Elise herself. Instead of leveling up via experience points, the Mimic Slime's abilities increase via mimicking the game's enemies. An example being that if it mimics an enemy with a high amount of hit points, its own hit points will increase, and if that enemy has the ability to equip a certain piece of equipment the Mimic Slime will gain that trait too.
The player traverses the game's world via an unconventional world map. Players choose a town area for the princess to visit, and once she enters, there will be a grid representing the surrounding landscape. One square has a town, one will have a gate, and the rest will be environment squares she can change. In order to unlock the gate, the princess has to fulfill requests from the town's mayor. Once she is in an area, the player can press the A button to search for items and monsters. After a period of time the area will run out of items or opponents; the player can then use the princess's Pout Points to refresh the area, drawing more enemies there.
Plot.
Elise is a beautiful princess who has been given everything she's ever wanted. Upon turning 15, she realizes there's only one thing in the world she lacks – a handsome boyfriend. Thus, Elise orders her father to hold a ball and to invite every prince in the land. Elise meets her dream boyfriend at the ball, but he turns out to be an adventurer rather than a prince. To Elise's dismay, the adventurer tells her that she must become an experienced adventurer herself if she ever hopes to be with him. To the kingdom's surprise, Elise sets out to do just that.
There are connections between this game and another Atlus title, "Master of the Monster Lair", most noticeably the appearance of the game's two main characters, Owen and Kate, as Dungeon Makers. 
Release.
The title was changed for the North American release to avoid confusion with "The World Ends with You". 
Reception.
The game attained a score of 31/40 from Japan's "Famitsu" magazine.
PSP remake.
On March 23, 2009, "Famitsu" announced that Global A Entertainment will be making an enhanced remake for PlayStation Portable. The enhanced port will feature a new Mode called "Light & Dark", new character and voice-over.

</doc>
<doc id="20843221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843221" title="Esix Snead">
Esix Snead

Esix Snead (born June 7, 1976 in Fort Myers, Florida) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder for the New York Mets (, ). Snead was known for his speed, with 507 stolen bases in only 9 minor league seasons, but only four in two brief appearances with the New York Mets.
College and St. Louis Cardinals.
Snead attended the University of Central Florida, playing both baseball and football, and was drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 18th round of the 1998 Major League Baseball Draft. Throughout his entire career, Snead hit for a low batting average, but still stole high numbers of bases. In with the Low-A New Jersey Cardinals, he hit .233 and stole 42 bases in 58 games. With the Single-A Peoria Chiefs and High-A Potomac Cannons in , he hit under the Mendoza Line, but stole 64 bases in 126 games. was Snead's career year. Playing for the Cannons again, he led all minor leaguers [http://minors.baseball-reference.com/bat_leaders.cgi?yid=2000&lvl=&lid=&sort=SB] and stole a Carolina League record 109 bases, breaking Lenny Dykstra's record, and made the All-Star game. In , his final season in the Cardinals' organization, he played for Double-A New Haven. On November 20, 2001, he was claimed off waivers by the New York Mets.
New York Mets.
Snead played for Double-A Binghamton in and hit .252 with 64 stolen bases. He was called up to the majors and made his major league debut on September 3. On September 21, against the Montreal Expos, he got his first major league hit, a single, and also ended the game with a three-run walk-off home run. He spent all of with the Triple-A Norfolk Tides and produced more of the same, a .220 batting average and 61 stolen bases. His batting average improved in to .264 and he played 1 game in the majors for the Mets.
Atlanta Braves.
Snead became a free agent at the end of the season and signed a minor league contract with the Atlanta Braves on November 10, 2004. He stole 46 bases for Triple-A Richmond, but his season was marred by a suspension. In a game against the Syracuse SkyChiefs, pitcher Dave Bush threw a ball between Snead's legs causing Snead to have to be held back by the catcher. After drawing a walk, he charged Bush while walking to first base and threw his batting helmet at him, causing both benches to clear. 20 members of the Braves were fined including Snead who also drew a 10-game suspension.
Baltimore Orioles.
The Baltimore Orioles signed him on January 24, , and he played for Triple-A Ottawa. In 41 games, he batted .220 with 15 steals. The Orioles released Snead on May 21.

</doc>
<doc id="20843223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843223" title="Ken Jungels">
Ken Jungels

Kenneth Peter Jungels (June 23, 1916 - September 9, 1975) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for five seasons. He played for the Cleveland Indians from 1937 to 1938 and 1940 to 1941 and the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="20843226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843226" title="Exclusionary zoning">
Exclusionary zoning

Exclusionary zoning is the utilization of zoning ordinances to exclude certain types of people from a given community. This mechanism began gaining prominence in land-use regulations throughout the United States in the late 19th century. Ultimately, despite resistance from excluded peoples and activists, the policy is still extensively used today across the country.
History.
Prior to the late 19th century, the United States of America operated under a Laissez-faire economic system where any restrictions on private property rights were denounced. The vast, land-rich country upheld the notion that state powers should not interfere with private property. Also, given the country's predominately rural and isolated composition, most citizens were unconcerned about who their neighbors were at the time. Thus, early Americans largely disapproved of any early attempts at exclusionary zoning. 
However, around the turn of the 20th century, a rapid urbanization process and influx of immigrants transformed the country. Middle and upper-classes consequently encountered much greater diversity than they had before making the intrusion of unwanted people into their neighborhoods appear more conceivable. As a result, many cities began implementing the first exclusionary zoning policies. In 1908, Los Angeles adopted the first citywide zoning ordinance protecting residential areas from the entrance of these undesirable community elements. Many of these early regulations directly debarred racial and ethnic minorities from community residence until explicit racial zoning was declared unconstitutional in 1917. Despite the unconstitutionality of such explicit measures, exclusionary ordinances continued to gain popularity throughout the country.
Given the increased utilization of exclusionary zoning, the United States federal government finally addressed the issue with the enactment of the Standard State Zoning Enabling Act of 1922. This legislation established the institutional framework for zoning ordinances. It delegated land-use power to local authorities for the conservation of community welfare and provided guidelines for appropriate regulation usage. 
In light of these developments, the Supreme Court considered zoning's constitutionality in the 1926 landmark case of Village of Euclid, Ohio v. Ambler Realty Co.. The court ultimately condoned zoning as an acceptable means of community regulation. Following this verdict, the number of municipalities with zoning legislation multiplied from 368 in 1925 to over 1,000 in 1930. 
Following World War II's end and the country's subsequent suburbanization process, exclusionary zoning policies experienced an uptick in complexity, stringency and prevalence as suburbanites attempted to more effectively protect their new communities. Many people had severed ties with the city and its unwanted elements as they searched for their suburban utopia. They feared that these very city elements that they escaped would follow them into the suburbs if left unchecked. Thus, middle-class and affluent white, who constituted the majority of suburban inhabitants,more frequently employed measures preventing immigrant and minority integration. As a result of resident's newly found protectionism, the number of jurisdictions with such ordinances increased to over 5,200 by 1968. 
While well-off whites mainly inhabited the suburbs, the remaining city residents, primarily impoverished minorities, faced substantial obstacles to wealth. Many attributed their impecunious state to their exclusion from the suburbs. In response, a flurry of exclusionary zoning cases were brought before the Supreme Court in the 1970s that would ultimately determine the tactic's fate. The Supreme Court sided with the proponents of exclusionary zoning in near unanimity which virtually halted any zoning reform movement. Minorities', and other excluded populations, ability to challenge exclusionary zoning became essentially nonexistent allowing the policy's unabated continuation today. 
Currently, exclusionary zoning ordinances are standard in almost all communities. A recent comprehensive survey found that over 80% of United States jurisdictions imposed minimum lot size requirements of some kind on their inhabitants. No longer are these mechanisms exclusively used by the privileged upper-class. Now, they are ubiquitous in nearly all aspects of American society as a means of preserving community characteristics.
Legal Framework.
Description.
American courts have historically most greatly valued individual property rights. However, more recently, concern for the general community welfare has begun taking precedence thus exculpating most exclusionary zoning measures. Communities are granted freedom to enact policies in accordance with community welfare goals even in the case that they infringe upon a specific individual's property rights. 
Courts also have regularly ruled as if municipal regulatory power emanated from their role as agents for local families rather than for the government. Regulation was equated with some manner of 'market force' rather than 'state force' thereby allowing the policies to bypass many questions of justification required for state policy enactment. For example, they did not have to prove that their policies benefited the well-being of society at large. Rather, they could merely enact regulations on the sole basis that it was their prerogative as an agent of the market regardless of any adverse effects on others. Therefore, exclusionary mechanisms were allowed to endure as complaints about the negative effects on the excluded population ultimately became null and irrelevant.
Case history.
Buchanan v. Warley 1917: A Louisville city ordinance prohibiting the sale of property to African Americans was brought to court. It was ultimately declared that such racial zoning was unconstitutional and a breach of individuals' freedom of contract. As a result, ordinances were no longer able to explicitly reject certain types of people but rather were now forced to resort to subtler means of exclusion.
Village of Euclid, Ohio v. Ambler Realty Co. 1926: The Ambler Realty company accused the Village of Euclid of depriving their liberty with its ban on industrial uses. The ban on industry reduced the company's land value from $10,000 down to $2,500 per acre and undermined the company's right to govern its own property. Court officials, however, sided with the village and upheld the ordinance on the basis that it was a just and reasonable delegation of the state's police power. Municipals, the court ruled, are entitled to regulate community property when it reflects the best interests of its constituents. This landmark decision would lay the constitutional foundation for all future exclusionary zoning policies.
Belle Terre et al. v. Boras et al. 1974: A group of 6 unrelated college students living together challenged a neighborhood ordinance that restricted unit residence to no more than two unrelated individuals. The case differed from the Euclid one in that there was no residential land use or structural type at issue. It rather addressed the constitutionality of directly regulating occupancy. Eventually, the court sanctioned this variety of ordinances. A community's pursuit of homogeneity was self-justifying, the court logic went, so long as there is no explicit class or racial discrimination. Their decision hinged on the view that an area's definition of the family is acceptable as long as a rational basis exists for the determination. It is not a judge's domain to overrule such legislative decisions. Implicit within the case's ruling is permission for exclusionary zoning regulations to attempt preservation of identity in the context of family compositions. Thus, given the previous Village of Euclid decision, municipalities were now granted the right to legislate both external property and internal inhabitant characteristics.
Warth v. Seldin 1975: Low-income individuals and a not-for-profit housing organization sued a New York State suburb contending that the community's exclusionary principles increased their housing costs. The court ultimately asserted that any harm is a generalized consequence of real estate economics rather than a specific result of the suburb's regulations. Therefore, since the elevated housing costs could not be directly attributed to a certain exclusionary policy, the court ruled in favor of the suburb's ordinance. Specific legislation would not be held accountable for any overarching effects that it may have advanced. Therefore, exclusionary mechanisms could expand without threat of lawsuits from refused populations.
Examples.
Restrictions on supply of housing units.
Municipalities will often impose density controls on developable land with the intention of limiting the number of individuals that will live in their particular area. This process denies neighborhood access to certain groups by limiting the supply of available housing units. Such concerns may manifest in measures prohibiting multi-family residential dwellings, limiting the number of people per unit of land and mandating lot size requirements. Most vacant land is particularly overzoned in that it contains excess regulations impeding the construction of smaller, more affordable housing. In the New York City suburbs of Fairfield County, Connecticut, for instance, 89% of land is classified for residential zoning of over one acre. This type of regulation ensures that housing developments are of adequately low density. Such ordinances can collectively raise costs anywhere from 2 to 250% depending on their extensiveness. With such high costs, lower-income groups are effectively shut out of the community's housing market.
Direct cost increases.
Another means by which exclusionary zoning and related ordinances contribute to the exclusion certain groups is through direct cost impositions on community residents. As of recently, municipalities have established measures decreeing developers greater responsibility in the provision and maintenance of many basic neighborhood resources such as schools, parks, and other related services. Developers incur excess costs for these aforementioned obligations which are then passed on to consumers in the form of fees or a financial bond. For instance, many newer developments charge monthly recreational fees to fund community facilities. Also, restrictive zoning regulations have made the approval process for development more arduous and extensive. The increased bureaucracy and red tape has meant that developers now encounter a myriad of fees for variance (land use), a building permit, a certificate of occupancy, a filing (legal) cost, special permits and planned-unit development applications. Not only do the fees diminish builder profits, but they also lengthen the development process which further drains company resources. Just as with the community resource requirements, these extra costs are inevitably delivered to housing purchasers. All of these fees accumulate and escalate unit prices to levels inaccessible for lower income people.
Motivations for exclusionary zoning.
Fiscal.
The exclusion of certain types of individuals safeguards the community's public finances and the individual's property value. Lower-income residents generally demand more public resources than they contribute in taxes. Moreover, given the discrepancy between public service intake and taxation output, wealthier residents will need to subsidize these inhabitants. This forces more affluent inhabitants to pay extra taxes without receiving any direct additional benefits for themselves. Also, the entrance of lower-income residents threatens the property values of a community. As the neighborhood's median income levels decline, others may perceive the area as deteriorating and less desirable. Hence, the valuation of the unit may also experience a decline causing monetary losses to the homeowner. Property owners have been found to receive a payoff for the exclusion of low-income and minority households in the form of both increased property values and tax proceeds. Therefore, in order to prevent this subsidization process and to augment their own monetary assets, upper-class individuals enact regulations prohibiting neighborhood accessibility for specific groups.
Density externalities.
Exclusionary zoning's assurance of lower densities precludes a number of deleterious consequences associated with increased population density. More people in the community means more congestion, longer commutes, and less privacy which all may interfere with the original inhabitants' quality of life. Multi-family and denser single-family units also might interrupt the aesthetic ambiance of a single-family neighborhood. Such developments may fracture the structural cohesiveness of an area. Another often stated concern regards the environmental impact of higher densities. Greater populations may lead to strains on potentially limited or vulnerable environmental resources such as water or air. These population increases raise pollution levels and accelerate degradation of the community's remaining resources.
Exclusion.
Some suburbanites also champion exclusionary zoning policies on the simple motivation of excluding unalike groups irrespective of any negative effects that they may impose. Some researchers partly attribute the policies to class or racial prejudice as individuals often prefer to live in homogeneous communities of people similar to themselves. Others assert that race is merely a proxy and that upper classes and whites stereotype overall neighborhoods containing certain groups rather than the individual group members specifically. Such areas are stigmatized for their perceived correlation with high crime, low-quality schooling and low property values. Additionally, the entrance of heterogenous residents could have severe political ramifications. If enough lower-income individuals, who typically differ in political ideology, move into the community, then they may garner enough political power to overshadow the traditional contingent. As such, the original constituency is politically subjugated in the very community where they used to enjoy power. Thus, whites and upper classes divert these groups for their unsuitable characteristics, perceived link with negative neighborhood qualities and threat to community politics.
Effects of exclusionary zoning.
Housing costs.
Many experts view these land-use policies as too restrictive from the standpoint of economic efficiency. Regulations limiting density decrease the total housing supply of a region. With the lowered housing stock, market demand for the units is amplified thus raising prices. Along with reduced overall supply, the insistence on detached single-family home construction also increases individual housing costs as homeowners must individually account for many land improvements (i.e. sidewalks, streets, water and sewer lines) that otherwise could be shared among more inhabitants as in denser communities. Studies in Maryland and District of Columbia find that higher densities cut per capita water and sewer installation costs by 50% and road installation/maintenance by 67%. Moreover, residential developers and homeowners must implement expensive housing features to comply with jurisdictional zoning mandates. For instance, setback (land use) requirements that are commonly used throughout the United States increase total unit costs by 6.1 to 7.8%. All of these land-use factors contribute to mounting housing unit prices in comparison to less regulated communities. Not only do the communities specifically administering restrictive ordinances experience higher housing costs, but so do neighboring areas. Exclusionary zoning affects the overall regional housing market by reducing the total supply of units. As there are less available units, the demand for the units will rise causing more expensive housing across the area. Ultimately, this additional competition and resulting costs accumulate making regional markets with strictly regulated housing have 17% higher rents and 51% higher housing prices than do leniently governed areas. Therefore, housing regulations evidently have significant impacts on both the specific community and overall region's housing expenditure.
Education.
Education has been proven to be vitally important to human welfare as it can promote higher incomes, greater labor market performance, a higher social status, increased societal participation and improved health. Along with individual benefits, educational attainment in the United States also has the ability to foster greater regional and national economic prosperity as an educated populace can better adapt to global economic trends and conditions. Nevertheless, there is stark education inequality between various groups as the average low-income student attends a school that scores on the 42nd percentile on state exams while the average middle and upper-income student attends a school that scores on the 61st percentile on state exams. These vast differences in attainment can not be accounted for by assuming inheritable group differences as empirical research has demonstrated that simple genetic contrasts are insufficient in explaining education disparities. Rather, environmental factors involving school quality also contribute to educational achievement. Regions with high levels of economic segregation, which as noted earlier partially stems from exclusionary zoning, also have the largest gaps in test scores between low-income and non low-income students. Low-income students are trapped in inadequate schooling since their economic conditions limit access of high-performing schools and education. Across the 100 largest metropolitan areas in the United States, costs of housing is 2.4 times higher for units zoned to higher-performing public schools than to those zoned to lower-performing ones. Therefore, exclusionary zoning serves to channel lower income students into lower performing schools thereby prompting educational achievement differences.

</doc>
<doc id="20843228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843228" title="Pleasant Creek Wildlife Management Area">
Pleasant Creek Wildlife Management Area

Pleasant Creek Wildlife Management Area is located near Philippi, West Virginia in Barbour and Taylor counties. Located on land that varies from wetlands to steeply forested woodlands, the Pleasant Creek WMA rises to an elevation of .
Hunting and fishing.
Hunting opportunities in Pleasant Valley WMA include deer, bear, grouse, squirrel, rabbit, turkey and waterfowl.
Fishing in the Tygart Lake includes largemouth bass, smallmouth bass, walleye, channel catfish, flathead catfish, crappie, bluegill, white bass, rock bass, bullhead, yellow perch, and carp. In addition, rainbow trout is stocked in the lake tailwaters.
Game fish in Pleasant Creek include rock bass, smallmouth bass, white bass, bluegill, channel catfish, flathead catfish, crappie, muskellunge, sunfish, and walleye.
A boat ramp is available at Tygart Lake. Doe Run Impoundment is limited to electric motors only. Forty (40) rustic camping sites for tents or trailers are available in the WMA. A shooting range is located at the WMA.
Shooting range.
As of December 2011, the Pleasant Creek WMA has a 200yd shooting range with 8 covered benches. Shooters are responsible for bringing their own targets and target holders. The range is open year round to anyone who wishes to use it and is open during all daylight hours Monday through Saturday as well as from 1PM until dusk on Sundays so as not to disturb local religious activities.

</doc>
<doc id="20843234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843234" title="Jack Atkins">
Jack Atkins

Jack Atkins (19 December 1916 – 1 March 1942) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). His father, Ernie, played VFL football for University. He was an able seaman on HMAS "Perth" during World War II when it was hit by a Japanese torpedo.

</doc>
<doc id="20843244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843244" title="Jørgen Sigurd Lien">
Jørgen Sigurd Lien

Jørgen Sigurd Lien is the co-founder, and CEO of eHelp Corporation (formerly known as Blue Sky Software). eHelp Corporation was the worldwide leader in Help authoring solutions before it was acquired by Macromedia, Inc. in 2003.
Early life and education.
Jorgen Lien, who was born in Bergen to parents Terje Lien (father) and Inger Lise Lien (mother), had an early exposure to entrepreneurship. His paternal grandfather was Jørgen Sigurd Lien, Sr., co-founder and director of Jørgen S. Lien AS, one of the pioneer companies in Norway producing cash registers and safes.
Jørgen Sigurd Lien attended school at Snarøya, Lysaker and Stabekk. Thereafter, Lien trained at the Norwegian Air Force Academy and graduated as one of the top officers. Lien also won the Norwegian Judo Championship twice.
He is the alumnus of University of California, Santa Barbara. While at University of California, he earned his Bachelor's Degree suma cum laude in Electrical Engineering. He won the Mortar Board Award for being the top graduating student and achieving a 3.96 grade point average. Lien then undertook graduate research in parallel processing and artificial intelligence, and completed his Master's Degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering.
Career.
Prior to co-founding eHelp Corporation, Mr. Lien was the manager of the Windows Development team at Norsk Data in Norway, and has been involved with Windows development since Windows 1.0
Lien served as the President and CEO of eHelp Corporation from the mid-90's until September 1999 and then from 2001 until eHelp was acquired by Macromedia, Inc. His ability to accurately forecast industry trends has enabled him to position eHelp Corporation and its products ahead of the technological curve, which is critical to continued success in the rapidly evolving software industry. Lien's vision, personal leadership and motivational skills have underpinned the dramatic growth of eHelp Corporation in terms of both personnel and revenues, and have helped the company avoid the pitfalls experienced by many high-tech companies that undergo rapid expansion.
In the highly competitive software industry. Lien has led eHelp Corporation to become a multi-million dollar corporation with 37% compound growth in revenues over the past five years and 40 consecutive profitable quarters. Up until 1999, these accomplishments were achieved without any outside investment, as the company was completely self-funded through its own growth. 
In 1999, eHelp attracted a $17 million investment from venture capital firms HarbourVest and Geocapital Partners, to help fund the ongoing growth of the company and the development of exciting new Internet-oriented technologies and products.
Under Lien's leadership, eHelp Corporation achieved twelve years of profitable growth. In 2003, Macromedia, Inc. acquired eHelp Corporation - the majority shareholders of eHelp Corporation were HarbourVest and Geocapital Partners . Robert M. Wadsworth from HarbourVest and Lawrence W. Lepard from Geocapital Partners were eHelp Corporation’s board members.
Awards and honors.
In 2000, Lien was one of ten business people who received an "Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the Year: San Diego Region" award.
Lien’s firm Blue Sky Software Corp. has been honored as a “1997 Developer of the Year” finalist, by the Software Council of Southern California.
In 1999, eHelp Corporation was named the 33rd fastest growing technology company in Southern California by Deloitte & Touche, due to its outstanding average annual revenue growth of 304.7% over a five-year period.
In 2002, eHelp Corporation has been selected by the Association of Support Professionals as a winner of the "Ten Best Web Support Sites of 2002" award.
In 2003, eHelp Corporation received the Brandon Hall Excellence in Learning Gold Award.
Philanthropy.
In 2002, Lien’s software firm eHelp contributed a total of US$12,000,000 worth in RoboDemo(R) eLearning Edition tutorial software to accredited colleges and universities through its Academic Software Donation Program.
In 2003, eHelp contributed a total of $75,000 donation in retail value of eHelp's RoboDemo eLearning Edition software to University of California through the California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology [Cal-(IT)²].

</doc>
<doc id="20843268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843268" title="Wilf Atkinson">
Wilf Atkinson

Wilfred George "Wilf" Atkinson (9 April 1920 – 12 August 1943) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He enlisted in the Royal Australian Air Force during World War II, and was killed in action when his bomber was shot down over Sicily in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="20843274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843274" title="Stella Mann (Verbotene Liebe)">
Stella Mann (Verbotene Liebe)

Stella Mann is a fictional character on the German soap opera "Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love)". The character is portrayed by model and actress Anne Wis from December 9, 2008 to November 10, 2009. She returned to the show with Claudia Hiersche as Carla von Lahnstein from January 28 to February 11, 2010.
Character history.
Stella is the cousin of Gregor (Andreas Jancke) and Christian Mann (Thore Schölermann) and comes to Düsseldorf in late 2008, where she searches for a new challenge. Stella first stalked Christian and Gregor when she entered NoLimits,she even followed them to the old helicopter hangar. When the brothers sees Stella in a ninja costume, they attack her, ending in Gregor yanking the mask off Stella's face. Stella then reveals herself to the two shocked brothers, saying "It's me Stella, your beautiful cousin!" Later on, she applies for a job as caretaker for a hospital, but with her tendency to be too dedicated to her work, it doesn't work out. When Leonard von Lahnstein (Lars Korten) and his wife Sarah (Sina-Valeska Jung) meet her, they soon make her an offer to work as caretaker in castle Königsbrunn. When she is interviewed by Elisabeth von Lahnstein (Martina Servatius) everything seems to be great until Elisabeth tells her that they need the approval of her stepdaughter Carla (Claudia Hiersche). Stella and Carla already met, without knowing who the other was. Carla isn't pleased when she finds out that Stella wants the job, because she thinks from their first meeting that Stella is harsh and not the ideal candidate to work in the house of Lahnstein. But Leonard, Elisabeth and Sarah try to convince Carla that she should give Stella another chance. When Stella wants to pick up her application, Carla asks her to sit down and offers her the job after all.
Some time later, Carla falls in love with Stella (after being told by Gregor that Carla and Stella "are of the same kind"), and tells Sarah and Nathalie about it. Tension arises between Carla and Stella, seeing as Carla is Stella's employer. When Charlie Schneider tells Stella that she once had a crush on another woman, Stella falls for her, who is taken aback, about it and seeks advice from Olli. Olli tells Charlie to give it a try and Charlie did - and kisses Stella on Stella's birthday party, which Carla was present to watch. Carla was sad because she's in love with Stella, so seeing her with Charlie hurts.
When Carla's horse Mr. Ed suffers an illness and Carla was also suffering because of memories of her family and Mr. Ed, Stella comforts Carla, then realizes that she reciprocates Carla's feelings - as in feeling the same kind of love that Carla felt for Stella. After some encouraging from Charlie, Stella goes to the stables to meet up with Carla and be there for her while the vet takes care of Mr. Ed. When the horse recovers, Carla thanks Stella and then Stella walks away a few feet from Carla when Carla said, "Wait." Stella turns around, Carla walks up to Stella, and the two end up kissing and having sex in the stable, thus becoming a couple.
On November 10, Carla and Stella left Düsseldorf to start a world tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20843303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843303" title="Grupo D'Alma">
Grupo D'Alma

The Grupo D'Alma is a band of virtuosos acoustic guitarists from Brazil, formed in the 1970s by André Geraissati, Ulisses Rocha, and Mozart Melo. Rui Saleme and Cândido Penteado joined the band in the later years.

</doc>
<doc id="20843310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843310" title="American Football League (disambiguation)">
American Football League (disambiguation)

American Football League is a name shared by several leagues of American football.
Major leagues
Minor leagues

</doc>
<doc id="20843311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843311" title="Paul Bell (footballer)">
Paul Bell (footballer)

Paul Bell was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League. He returned to Shepparton in 1938, and coached his home team. He was killed in action in World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20843348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843348" title="List of bilateral free trade agreements">
List of bilateral free trade agreements

This is list of free trade agreements between two sides, where each side could be a country (or other customs territory), a trade bloc or an informal group of countries.
"Every customs union, trade common market, economic union, customs and monetary union and economic and monetary union has also a free trade area".
Operating agreements.
List of agreements between two states, two blocs or a bloc and a state.
Signed agreements.
Agreements that have been negotiations and signed by the respective head of states but not yet ratified by the countries legislative body. 
Proposed bilateral agreements.
List of agreements in negotiation. Agreements that are so far only discussed without any formal action by the parties involved are not listed.

</doc>
<doc id="20843351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843351" title="Jasna Popovic">
Jasna Popovic

Jasna Popovic (born May 10, 1979) is an award-winning Serbian pianist.
Personal life.
Popovic was born in Belgrade, Serbia, where she received her first piano lesson at six years of age. Upon graduating from the music high school in 1997, Popovic moved to Munich, Germany where she attended the "Hochschule für Musik und Theater" and studied under the guidance of Professors Gitti Pirner and Claude-France Journes. After performing in New York City, Popovic decided to remain living there. She is currently working on her solo album, which will primarily feature classical Serbian music.
Notable achievements.
Popovic has won several awards, including Second Place at the National Piano Competition in Belgrade, Fourth Place at the International Competition in Rome, and is participating at various festivals around Europe, including those in Italy, Germany, and Austria. In 2005, she was honored to be invited to play at the International Keyboard Festival in New York City. Popovic subsequently continued to live in New York. In 2006, Popovic received the Passantino Award for Special Achievements from City University of New York and the following year she performed at Steinway Hall and Lefrack Hall, Carnegie Hall in New York, and Kolarac Hall in Belgrade. Popovic has worked with several artists such as composer Rodin Scedrin, pianist Vadim Suhanov, and double-bassist Roman Patkolo among others.
Organizations.
Popovic is a co-founder of a new organization for the benefit of not only Serbian artists, but all artists interested in international exchange of culture. Jasna Popovic has made recordings of ethno-classical Serbian music honoring Queen Elizabeth.

</doc>
<doc id="20843370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843370" title="New Executive Office Building">
New Executive Office Building

The New Executive Office Building (NEOB) is a U.S. federal government office building in Washington, D.C., for the executive branch.
The building is located at 725 17th Street NW, on the north side of Pennsylvania Avenue. To the south is the Eisenhower Executive Office Building (EEOB), which is next to the White House. The other sides are bounded by 17th Street NW (west), H Street NW (north), and Jackson Place and Lafayette Park (east). Within the same block are several buildings: Blair House, Trowbridge House, and Renwick Gallery in the south and the Decatur House to the north.
Known as Federal Office Building #7, it was built from 1965 to 1969 and is ten stories tall, similar to the height of the EEOB. According to Michael J. Bednar of the University of Virginia School of Architecture, "Four taller office buildings dating to earlier in the 20th century were demolished and replaced with next rowhouse office builds. One has an open base to serve as an entry to the New Executive Office Building via courtyard. The historic structures were preserved and rehabilitated for smaller federal agencies. The New Executive Office Building has an offset H-shaped plan with a long brick facade along 17th Street."
The building was designed by architect John Carl Warnecke, who also designed 722 Jackson Place and the National Courts Building (717 Madison Place) on the opposite side of Lafayette Park during the same period. Warnecke sought to "harmonize structures with Lafayette Square's historic character and retained the domestic facades but joined the separate interiors."
According to Shelley Lynne Tomkin in "Inside OMB", most Office of Management and Budget civil service employees work in the NEOB, while most OMB political appointees work across the street in the EEOB.
In Andrew Greeley's novel "Bishop in the West Wing", the narrator describes the New Executive Office as "horrendously ugly" and states that it reminds him of a "19th-century Jesuit college, except its high ceilings and empty corridors seemed to go on forever."

</doc>
<doc id="20843380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843380" title="Beerwah State High School">
Beerwah State High School

Beerwah State High School, often abbreviated to Beerwah High School, Beerwah High or simply BSHS, is a government-owned secondary school located in Beerwah, Queensland, Australia. It has students in Grades 8 to 12, and an enrolment of 1021.
Faculties.
Subject offerings at Beerwah State High School are organised around nine faculties. Each of these faculties is led by a Head of Department who is responsible for the quality of teaching, learning and assessment within their area of responsibility.
Specialist programs.
Beerwah State High School offers three specialist programs: Athletics Extension Program, Music Extension Program and in 2012, an iLearn Program.
Location and Facilities.
Beerwah State High School is located on Roberts Road within walking distance of the train station. The school is located next to the local swimming pool, which serves as the venue for swimming training and the annual Swimming Carnival. Located within the school is a purpose-built assembly hall and indoor stadium, which hosts school assemblies, as well as interschool sporting events and physical education classes. The school also has a performing arts centre, which is used for school performances as well as for performing arts and dance classes. The school also features purpose-built chemistry laboratories, graphics and woodworking rooms and art facilities.
School Sporting Houses.
The House System is designed to reflect and enhance the values of Beerwah State High School. With staff members and students participating enthusiastically in the various House challenges, the school’s values are given concrete meaning as all House members prepare for the future, respect community, value differences, participate and succeed while striving for pride in excellence. Each House has a staff member as a House leader and two students as House captains.
Parents & Citizens Association.
Beerwah State High School has a well established P&C Association which works within the school community to enhance learning outcomes. The P&C Association also operates the school uniform shop and canteen.
Glass House Coalition of State Schools.
Beerwah State High School is a member of the Glass House Coalition of State Schools, a partnership between schools in the Sunshine Coast Hinterland area designed to ensure the adequate preparation of all local students for entry into the high school as well as ensuring that the students are on a "level playing field" when it comes to what they learned during primary school. This system of education was recognised formally in 2004, when the Coalition received a State Showcase award for Excellence in the Middle Phase of Learning. Partnering Schools:
Beerwah State School 
Beerburrum State School 
Elimbah State School 
Glasshouse Mountains State School 
Landsborough State School 
Mooloolah State School 
Peachester State School

</doc>
<doc id="20843399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843399" title="Monica Pedersen">
Monica Pedersen

Monica Pedersen is a designer on the show "Designed to Sell". She is the host of HGTV's 2009 Dream Home tour television special. 
Monica frequently appears on HGTV's Bang 4 Your Buck to critique designs made for home renovations.
She will be hosting the 2012 HGTV Dream Home.

</doc>
<doc id="20843406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843406" title="1930s in Angola">
1930s in Angola

In the 1930s in Angola the Portuguese colonial government of António de Oliveira Salazar cut spending on colonization, leading to less emigration to Angola and a decline in the population of Portuguese Angolans.
The Portuguese government passed the Colonial Act in May 1930, centralizing the empire's administration and limiting the power of governor-generals. The settler population in Angola grew from 30,000 in May 1930 to 59,000 in 1931, but declined to 44,000 by 1940. By 1961 however, when the war for independence began, the population had risen to 170,000.
In 1930, Portugal's ambassador to Denmark wrote to his superiors, informing them that Angolan separatists had participated in the Sixth Comintern Congress in Moscow, Soviet Union from July-August 1928. "L'Ami du peuple", a French newspaper, reported that a "Negro from the Portuguese colony of Angola... announced with a cannibalistic smile that when the hour of their liberation sounded, the black proletariat would know how to exact an unforgettable vengeance the white colonists."
Economy.
In the 1930s, the Salazar government instituted tariffs on Angola to limit investment from Portugal's colonial competitors while investing in Angola's infrastructure to increase exports to Portugal. Angolans completed the construction of the Benguela railway in 1929 and opened it to transportation in 1931. The railway facilitated the exportation of minerals mined in Belgian-ruled Katanga through Angola's western ports. The South African Oppenheimer Trust produced and exported Angolan diamonds, making the diamond industry a vital part of Angola's economy for the first time in the 1930s. Angolans exported 11,839 tons of coffee in 1930, exceeding the previous annual export record of 11,066 tons in 1895. Salazar selected one factory in Angola to produce industrial alcohol in 1932. The factory, competing only with a selected factory in colonial Mozambique, derived its alcohol from molasses and diluted the product with petroleum to maximize its utility. Unfortunately, drought and locusts in 1934 compounded the effects of the Great Depression. Natives, unable to pay the colonists' tax of USD $3.80, faced forced conscription and enslavement. Many farmers, indebted to settlers, auctioned their daughters for sexual slavery. British Consul General Smallbones explicitly labeled and condemned Portugal's conscription policy as slavery in 1930. Portugal's Governor-General for Angola and the minister of colonies denied the charge and Salazar maintained the policy.

</doc>
<doc id="20843408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843408" title="Karl Schümers">
Karl Schümers

Karl Schümers was a Standartenführer (Colonel) and Oberst of Polizei in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II. On 5 April 1944, Karl Schümers commanded the execution of 280 unarmed women and children in the village of Kleisoura in Greece.
SS-Standartenführer Karl Schümers was awarded the Knight's Cross while in command of the II./1st SS Polizei Schützen Regiment (Infantry), on the 30 September 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="20843416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843416" title="Clarke House">
Clarke House

Clarke House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20843424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843424" title="Abdeen Mosque">
Abdeen Mosque

Abdeen Mosque () is the main mosque in the Wadi al-Joz neighborhood in East Jerusalem, about away from Al-Aqsa Mosque and the Old City walls. It was built by Abdel-Muhsin and his brother Omar Abdeen in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20843438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843438" title="George Brock (footballer)">
George Brock (footballer)

George Brock was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League. He was killed in an aircraft accident near Melbourne during a RAAF training exercise in World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20843450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843450" title="DJ Leony">
DJ Leony

DJ Leony (born Leonardo Vega) is a Latin music DJ, remixer and producer based in Orlando, Florida. He has had a long-standing residency at the Latin Quarter night club at Universal CityWalk at the Universal Orlando Resort. During 2007-2008 he was also the program director of all Latin music channels at XM Satellite Radio, a satellite radio provider in North America. He is also currently a DJ and remixer at WNUE, a radio station serving the Orlando market as well as a producer and remixer for Promo Only.
Besides Latin music, Leony is also a techno DJ specializing in electro music and progressive house music. His weekly one hour radio mix show can be heard on Sirius 36 and XM 81 BPM (Sirius XM) as part of that station's Air BPM show. His set airs Friday nights/Saturday mornings at 12 Midnight Eastern Time. He also has a mix show on RadioDanz on Saturday nights at 8pm Eastern Time. He formerly spun Dance music on Orlando radio station WPYO when that station followed a Dance Top 40 format.

</doc>
<doc id="20843451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843451" title="The Avenues (Kuwait)">
The Avenues (Kuwait)

The Avenues is the largest shopping mall in Kuwait. It is one of the largest mall in the Middle East, It is located in the Al-Rai industrial area, along the Fifth Ring Road.
The new extension has opened on 10 November 2012. Grand Avenues, Prestige, The Mall, SoKu and The Souk, are the 5 new districts. Also in the mall section of the Grand Avenue, a future KidZania Kuwait has openned. 
References.
http://the-avenues.com/about-avenues.html

</doc>
<doc id="20843463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843463" title="Lower Hutt">
Lower Hutt

Lower Hutt () is a city in the Wellington Region of the North Island of New Zealand, and one of the four cities that constitute the Wellington metropolitan area. 
It is New Zealand's tenth most populous city, with a population of . The city covers an area of around the lower half of the Hutt Valley and the eastern shores of Wellington Harbour. It is separated from Wellington proper by the harbour, and from Upper Hutt by the Taitā Gorge.
Lower Hutt City is administered by the "Hutt City Council", but neither the New Zealand Geographic Board nor the Local Government Act recognise the name Hutt City. This alternative name has led to confusion, as Upper Hutt is administered by a separate city council, the Upper Hutt City Council, which objects to the name of "Hutt City".
History.
Prior to European settlement, thick forest covered most of the Hutt Valley, with areas of marshland close to the river's mouth. Māori inhabited the shoreline, with a pa at each end of Petone beach.
The local Māori welcomed the arrival of the New Zealand Company ship "Tory" in 1839, and William Wakefield (the company's agent) negotiated with local chiefs to allow settlement. The first immigrant ship, the "Aurora", arrived on 22 January 1840, still celebrated every year on the Monday closest as Wellington's Anniversary Day. A settlement, Britannia, grew up close to the mouth of the Hutt River, and settlers set up the infant country's first newspaper and bank.
The city takes its name from the river, named after the founding member, director and chairman of the New Zealand Company, Sir William Hutt.
Within months of settlement the river flooded, and in March 1840 the majority of Britannia settlers decided to move to Thorndon, ( in the heart of Wellington city), though some settlers remained at the north end of the harbour. In the 1840s an area on the west bank of the Hutt River formed the village then known as Aglionby.
In 1846 conflict arose between settlers and Māori, which led to skirmishes. 
In 1855 a major earthquake raised part of the lower valley, allowing the reclamation of land from swamp.
The railway line from central Wellington reached Lower Hutt station (now Western Hutt) in April 1874, with the line travelling north up the west side of the river to Silverstream opening two years later. 
Before the Second World War, urban settlement in the lower Hutt Valley concentrated mainly on Petone, central Lower Hutt and Eastbourne, with a total population of 30,000. In 1927 the Public Works Department completed the construction of a branch railway line to Waterloo on the east side of the river; the route diverging from the main line between Lower Hutt and Petone. Two years later the railway workshops moved from Petone to a new larger site off the new branch at Woburn.
In the late 1940s new suburbs of state housing developed along the eastern side of the Hutt Valley, from Waiwhetu to Taita, to alleviate nationwide housing shortages and to cater for the booming population. Between 1946 and 1954, the railway line from Waterloo was extended through these new suburbs to Haywards, becoming the main line in 1954 when the existing main line was closed between Haywards and Melling. By the end of the 1950s, Lower Hutt had a population of 80,000.
Governance history.
The present boundaries of the Hutt City local body have evolved from a series of amalgamations and boundary changes over the years.
The Hutt County Council was established in 1877 and covered the region from Wellington's south coast up to Waikanae, excluding the Wellington City Council area. As the region grew, urban parts of the Hutt county became autonomous boroughs: Petone in 1888, Lower Hutt in 1891, Eastbourne in 1906, Johnsonville in 1908, Upper Hutt in 1908, Porirua in 1962 and Kapiti in 1974.
In 1941 Lower Hutt became a city; it incorporated Normandale in 1957.
In 1987/1989 the New Zealand Government forced local authorities to consolidate, which led to Lower Hutt amalgamating with the adjacent Boroughs of Petone and Eastbourne and with the Wainuiomata District (which had its independence for barely a year), and to the abolition of the Hutt County Council.
Geography.
The city centres on the lower (southern) valley of the Hutt River, to the northeast of Wellington. The valley widens as the river nears its mouth, so the central urban area of the city forms a triangle with its longest side along the shoreline. In the upper reaches of the city the Western and Eastern Hutt Hills become closer, culminating in the Taitā Gorge at the northern end of Lower Hutt, separating the city from neighbouring Upper Hutt.
Lower Hutt includes the cluster of small settlements that extend down the eastern coast of Wellington Harbour. These include the two large townships of Wainuiomata (inland) and Eastbourne (on the coast). The city also includes a large area of sparsely-populated land to the east of the harbour, extending to Pencarrow Head and into the Rimutaka Ranges.
Lower Hutt includes the islands in Wellington Harbour, the largest of which, Matiu/Somes Island, is commonly referred to by its former name of Somes Island.
Hutt River.
Lower Hutt occupies the lower regions of the flood plain of the Hutt River, and the river is one of the most significant features of the city. In the 20th century stopbanks were built to contain the river, but the threat of flooding from heavy rainfall persists. In 1985 the river bursts its banks, and since then floods have been on a smaller scale. Smaller streams and storm-water drains have also caused occasional problems when rainfall persistently exceeds average levels.
Much of the land adjacent to the river is protected as reserve and provides a much-appreciated recreational feature, with walking tracks and grassed areas over approximately 12 km of river bank.
Pollution levels in the river have been consistently high since urbanisation of the Hutt Valley. Frequent algal blooms have contributed to making slow flowing areas anoxic and have caused localised 'dead zones'. The algal blooms have been attributed as the cause of death of many dogs swimming in the river as well as severe skin reactions in the case of swimmers.
The river is crossed by seven bridges within the city, heading downstream:
Population.
Suburbs.
Suburbs of Lower Hutt listed approximately north to south. Those in italics are unofficial suburbs.
Wainuiomata
Culture and Leisure.
Several education and research facilities of national significance are in the southern half of the city. Cultural facilities include the Dowse Art Museum and the Avalon film and television studios 
The city possesses civic administration buildings constructed in the 1950s that are regarded as representative architecture of the era. A building of national significance is Vogel House, a two-storey wooden residence that was the official residence of the Prime Minister of New Zealand for much of the 20th century. It is a prime example of early colonial architecture in New Zealand and operates today as a tourist attraction.
The city is popular for outdoor sports, especially mountain biking, hiking, recreational walking and fishing. The central city is home to Westfield Queensgate, a large shopping centre.
Lower Hutt is to host the 2012 Australasian Police and Emergency Services Games, a weeklong event of 40 sports, since Christchurch could not host in the wake of the 2011 earthquake.
Among the filming locations for The Lord of the Rings film trilogy directed by Peter Jackson, Dry Creek quarry, which dominates the hills above the suburb of Taitā, became the site for a huge medieval castle built for scenes of Helm's Deep and Minas Tirith.
Economy.
Historically, Petone and nearby parts of Lower Hutt acted as the principal area for light industry in this region, with industries including meat processing and freezing, motor vehicle assembly, and timber processing. This activity has been significantly diminished or discontinued in recent decades with either the transfer of industrial activity to the more heavily populated area of Auckland or cessation at a national level. Such movement has often resulted from competitive pressures on commercial organisations for increased efficiency, as a result of opening up the New Zealand economy to international competition since the mid-1980s.
The suburb of Avalon was home to New Zealand's television industry from 1975 until the late 1980s. The Avalon Television Studios were New Zealand's first purpose-built television studios, and remains the largest television studio complex in New Zealand and probably Australasia. The studios were home to Television One from 1975 to 1980, when it merged with South Pacific Television to form Television New Zealand (TVNZ). Between 1980 and 1989, most of TVNZ's operations moved to Auckland, and the studios were eventually sold off in 2012 to a consortium of Wellington investors. Avalon continues to operate independently with seven film and television studios, as well as originating two television channels on behalf of the New Zealand Racing Board.
Trends over the past 25 years have seen service, distribution, and consumer-oriented activity replace the industrial activity previously a feature of the Petone area. Lower Hutt is the main location for light industrial activity in the Wellington Region, but it largely lacks heavy industry.
A significant proportion of Lower Hutt's population commutes to the commercial and Government offices in Wellington 12 km to the south-west.
Today Lower Hutt is home to leading Crown Research Institutes such as GNS Science and Industrial Research Ltd (IRL) along with many other cutting-edge research organisations in high-end manufacturing, research and technology.
Government.
The Hutt City Council is made up of a mayor and twelve councillors. Ray Wallace was elected Hutt City mayor in 2010, succeeding David Ogden. The city's six electoral wards (Northern, Western, Central, Eastern, Harbour and Wainuiomata) each elect two councillors.
The Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand (CAA) has its headquarters in Aviation House in Petone, Lower Hutt.
Education.
Lower Hutt has four state secondary schools: Taita College, Naenae College, Hutt Valley High School (the largest) and Wainuiomata High School. Other secondary schools include Chilton Saint James School, a private girls school; Raphael House Rudolf Steiner School, a state integrated Waldorf education school; Sacred Heart College, a state integrated Catholic girls school; Saint Bernard's College, a state integrated Catholic boys school; and Saint Oran's College, a state integrated Presbyterian girls school.
The city is home to two tertiary institutes: the Wellington Institute of Technology in Petone, and The Open Polytechnic of New Zealand in Waterloo.
Flora and fauna.
Hills to about 350 m (1000 ft) line both sides of the valley within the city limits. The western hills have been populated as residential areas, but the eastern side is protected and clad in native bush and scrub, and the ubiquitous gorse in areas that have been cleared as a result of scrub fires or earlier human activity.
Native birds are common, including the New Zealand Pigeon, Tui, Grey Fantail, Silvereye, Shining Cuckoo (in season), Grey Warbler and Morepork. Introduced species include the Common Blackbird, Song Thrush, House Sparrow, European Goldfinch, Common Chaffinch, Common Starling, and Australian Magpie.
Sister-city relationships.
Lower Hutt has five sister cities:
Tempe was the first Sister City, in 1981; Laredo the most recent, in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20843467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843467" title="Smith &amp; Pyle">
Smith &amp; Pyle

Smith & Pyle is an American desert country-rock band from Los Angeles, California and is composed of actresses Shawnee Smith and Missi Pyle.
History.
Shawnee Smith and Missi Pyle met in 2007 while filming an ABC comedy pilot titled "Traveling in Packs". After completing the show Smith invited Pyle to join her in attending the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. While stuck in traffic, Pyle repeatedly stated that one of her dreams was to be in a rock band. Smith had been in 3 bands, including her punk-metal group Fydolla Ho with whom she toured the USA and UK, and agreed to form a band with Pyle so that she could fulfill her dream. 
Within the next year they were in Joshua Tree, California with Chris Goss recording their first album, "It's OK to be Happy," at Rancho de la Luna. 
The band was originally called Dirty Byrd, but due to the name already being taken the actresses moved onto the name Polly Speaks. Smith & Pyle was decided on after producer Chris Goss suggested it.
Genre.
The band describes their show environment to be similar to the tailgate party after the after-church picnic and their rehearsals to be like hoedown barbecues with lots of booze.
Smith stated in an interview with Fangoria radio, hosted by Dee Snider, that she wanted to tour the US and play tailgate-like shows in the parking lots of Wal-Mart stores.
Although there are other musicians that perform with the band, Smith and Pyle play instruments (both play the guitar and Smith occasionally plays drums and tambourine during live performances) and collaboratively write the songs. Most songs are written together with the exception of "I Wish You Were Dead," written by Pyle after a bad break-up, and "Sugar," written by Smith after her divorce from ex-husband Jason Reposar in 2003. Smith wrote more songs on the album, such as "Flower in My Hair", with Hydrovibe guitarist Mat Dauzat two years prior to meeting Pyle. Smith met Dauzat at the home of Metallica bassist Robert Trujillo during a barbecue. Shortly after meeting they began collaborating. At the time of their collaboration Dauzat served as a guitarist for Kelly Osbourne. Almost all of the songs written by Smith and Dauzat appear on "It's OK to be Happy".
Smith and Pyle stated in October 2009 that they had been traveling to and from Joshua Tree to write and record new material. They are also writing and pitching ideas for either a TV show or movie centered around the band. Missi revealed in a blog on April 12, 2010 that the band had made official plans to start recording their second album in the Summer of 2010. Similar to the first album, "It's OK to be Happy," it will be recorded at Rancho de la Luna and will be produced by Chris Goss. She also mentioned they will be planning more tour dates throughout the Spring and Summer of 2010.
Performances.
Smith & Pyle's first live performance was in Plano, Texas at Love and War in Texas on January 18, 2008.
The band performed at a USO show for a Navy Seal reunion on July 19, 2008 in Virginia Beach, VA. They described performing for the troops as "awesome" regardless of the attendees age.
The performance at NASCAR on February 24, 2008 was almost canceled due to rainy conditions. They wanted to sign a waiver saying they did not care if they got electrocuted, but they ended up using two wireless microphones, directly plugging in acoustic guitars, and not using drum microphones. Guitarist Mark Christian described the crowd as a small sea of rain coats.
Other performances include: Love and War in Texas (January 18, 2008), NASCAR-Fontana, CA (February 24, 2008), Fangoria Radio (April 26, 2008), Adventure Con Knoxville (June 14, 2008), The Mint Los Angeles (2008), Maloof Money Cup (July 13, 2008), Universal CityWalk (August 9, 2008), Spaceland (March 18, 2009), The Mint Los Angeles (May 13, 2009), The Mint Los Angeles (June 19, 2009), The Key Club (August 15, 2009), Fairplain Yacht Club (October 24, 2009), Silver City (October 25, 2009), Quaker Steak & Lube (October 28, 2009), Black Hawk Saloon (October 29, 2009), Halftime Bar and Grill (October 30, 2009), Tomahawks (October 31, 2009), The Mint Los Angeles (November 13, 2009), Hotel Café (March 8, 2010), Pappy and Harriet's Pioneertown Palace (March 27, 2010), The Redwood Bar and Grill (May 13, 2010), and Topanga Days Country Fair (May 29, 2010). 
All October 2009 performances took place in West Virginia as Shawnee was making appearances at local movie theaters to promote "Saw VI". Missi stated in October 2009 that the band only played WV because Shawnee was just 4 months from giving birth to her third child. They're planning on doing a bigger tour, including West Virginia again, in the Spring of 2010.
Smith & Pyle opened for Tenacious D guitarist Kyle Gass' side project, Trainwreck, on March 27, 2010.
"It's OK to Be Happy".
Full track list:
"It's OK to Be Happy" was produced by Chris Goss, who has worked with bands such as Queens of the Stone Age and Stone Temple Pilots, and recorded at Rancho de la Luna. The album was released digitally through iTunes and Amazon.com on July 29, 2008. Smith and Pyle admitted that they went into the recording studio without a single song fully completed, but they managed to finish the album with 16 full tracks. 
Guest musicians on the album include Jerry Cantrell (guitarist and vocalist of the band Alice in Chains), Bingo, Stephen Smoak, Bobby Ferguson, and Ray Wood. The album also features Smith's children, Verve and Jakson. The kids are listed in the album credits as having vocals and spoken narrative tracks for "The Show" and "Anthem."
A video diary of the recording process was made and the band plans to release either through an internet webisode series or a television show on a network. Smith stated on Fangoria radio that Smith & Pyle want to bring the musical variety show back. While nothing has been fully decided, the band has released 4 short videos thus far: 3 short video blogs on the band's YouTube page and a 10-minute video titled "Desert Sessions" on Vimeo.
Personal lives.
Smith and Pyle were married in a faux ceremony at the All Love is Equal Launch Party in West Hollywood on November 18, 2009. The two actresses pretended to get married in support of repealing Prop 8 in California. Actor Hal Sparks dressed as a priest and performed the ceremony with them using rainbow-colored hula hoops as rings.
The band, and Shawnee's children, made a brief guest appearance on "The Jay Leno Show" on November 26, 2009. Jay Leno surprised the group at Shawnee's home and assisted them in singing a Christmas medley in their rehearsal space.

</doc>
<doc id="20843474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843474" title="Chlorethoxyfos">
Chlorethoxyfos

Chlorethoxyfos is an organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor used as an insecticide.

</doc>
<doc id="20843478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843478" title="Michelle Nolden">
Michelle Nolden

Michelle Nolden is a Canadian actress. She has appeared in numerous films and television shows including ', "Numb3rs", "Street Time", ', "The Time Traveler's Wife", "Men with Brooms", "Republic of Doyle" as well as directing and writing a film called "Loonie". She has been nominated for an ACTRA Award and a Gemini Award. She is married to Chris Szarka, executive producer of Showcase's "Rent a Goalie", and they have a son named Alex.

</doc>
<doc id="20843484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843484" title="Vermont Route 191">
Vermont Route 191

Vermont Route 191 is a short state highway in Orleans County, Vermont, United States. It serves as a connection from Interstate 91 to the city of Newport. The route is signed north–south, but it runs almost entirely from east to west.
Route description.
Vermont Route 191 begins in the south at an interchange with I-91 at Exit 27, located southwest of the town of Derby, and east-southeast of the city of Newport. Route 191 heads to the northwest, passing into the city after a couple of miles. About from its end, Route 191 splits into a four-lane divided highway, and passes westward into the heart of the city. It ends at an intersection with the "Causeway" (US 5, VT 105).

</doc>
<doc id="20843492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843492" title="Bill Cosgrove">
Bill Cosgrove

William Nicholas Pax "Bill" Cosgrove (11 November 1918 – 11 August 1943) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL). Uncle of General Peter Cosgrove, he served for the RAAF during World War II. Showing his loyalty to his VFL team, he decorated his planes with the Richmond logo and the slogan "Eat 'em alive". He was killed in action in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="20843517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843517" title="Second Motion Entertainment">
Second Motion Entertainment

Second Motion Entertainment is a music business company founded in Chapel Hill, North Carolina in May 2008. The company consists of three areas of the business: Artist Management, A Record Label and also Label Administration and Consulting. The company's label operates under the name Second Motion Records.
A list Second Motion Entertainment clients include Daniel Lanois, Adam Franklin, Emm Gryner, Swervedriver, Steve Kilbey and Marty Willson-Piper of The Church. Odds, Tommy Keene, Arena Rock Records and The Disciplines.
Second Motion was founded in early 2008 by the A&R Director and General Manager of Redeye Distribution and Yep Roc Records Stephen Judge. While at Redeye/Yep Roc Judge helped garner and recruited the talents of such artists as: Liam Finn, Bell X1. Ken Stringfellow, John Doe, You Am I, Public Enemy. Martin Sexton. The Cake Sale, Sloan, Concrete Blonde, The Gourds, The Alarm, New Model Army, Tanya Donnelly, Maria McKee, Daniel Lanois, The Supersuckers and Hothouse Flowers to name a few.
Second Motion Records released their debut albums by Gemma Hayes and Verve Pipe singer, Brian Vander Ark in late 2008 and will release albums by Swervedriver, Odds, Tommy Keene, Steve Kilbey Marty Willson-Piper. Adam Franklin and The Disciplines in early 2009.
In Jan 2009 Second Motion announced they will be moving their operations to East Lansing, Michigan by Feb 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20843549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843549" title="Kornai">
Kornai

Kornai is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20843560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843560" title="Disulfoton">
Disulfoton

Disulfoton is an organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor used as an insecticide. It is manufactured under the name Di-Syston by Bayer CropScience.
The use of the substance has been restricted by the US government. Bayer, the manufacturer, exited the US market December 31, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20843573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843573" title="Benjamin Joffe">
Benjamin Joffe

Benjamin Joffe is a leading expert on Asia's digital scene. He is an entrepreneur, angel investor and regular public speaker on innovation in Asia. He has keynoted and moderated at over 100 conferences across 21 countries on topics such as mobile and web business models, innovation and entrepreneurship in Asia. Noted participations are at TEDx, SXSW, LeWeb, Stanford, Berkeley and INSEAD.
Joffe coined the terms of "Innovation Arbitrage", "Techno-Darwinism" and the concept of "5C's of Innovation" (Copy, Combination, Competition, Constraints, Context). His research today covers artificial artificial intelligence, virtual economy, digital third place and social dynamics. Joffe was selected among China’s Top 100 mobile industry influencers in 2007 and 2008 as founder of Mobile Monday in Beijing.
Biography.
Benjamin Joffe was born in France and graduated with a MS in engineering from Ecole Centrale de Lyon and a MS in Acoustics from Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1. Joffe also studied Japanese, Korean and Mandarin Chinese and has been living in Japan, Korea and China since 2000 and is one of the most respected experts about Asia's digital space.
Before founding his consultancy +8* | Plus Eight Star in 2003, he was a technology consultant in Tokyo, a mobile market analyst covering Japan & Korea at France Telecom, and a Mobile sns pioneer with NewtGames in Japan and Korea. He is the founder and CEO of +8* | Plus Eight Star, a strategy and research consultancy specializing in mobile and internet innovation in Japan, Korea and China. Benjamin is a partner in the 3D social gaming startup, CMUNE, which was featured at Le Web Paris 2008, Infinity Ventures Summit in Japan and GDC 2010. Last, he is the co-founder of the Mobile Monday forum in Beijing, which he runs monthly since 2006.
Joffe has been quoted in numerous media such as Forbes, CNN, IHT, The New York Times, VentureBeat, TechCrunch and more. He has spoken in over 150 public events (e.g. TEDxSaoPaulo, Ad-Tech, Media 08, O'Reilly GSP, International Telecommunication Union Asia, Open Web Asia etc.), conferences and public and private workshops including at Stanford and Berkeley.
Angel Investing.
Benjamin is an active angel investor with a particular focus on global startups from Asia. Among his investments are Cmune, an online gaming company based in China and makers of Uberstrike, a popular first-person shooter with over 10 million players; Gengo (formerly MyGengo) a "Mechanical Turk for translations". Both companies raised funding from Skype's founders investment firm Atomico. Benjamin is also an investor in TokyoOtakuMode, TenderTree, TwitMusic, YoGoMe, StoryPanda and PayrollHero.

</doc>
<doc id="20843581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843581" title="Jack Drake (footballer)">
Jack Drake (footballer)

Jack Drake was an Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League. He was born on 15 March 1904 and was killed during World War II on 23 April 1941 aged 37 while defending a bridge at the Bralos Pass, Thermopylae, Greece against German artillery.

</doc>
<doc id="20843598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843598" title="Jano Rosebiani">
Jano Rosebiani

Jano Rosebiani () is a Kurdish/American film writer, director and editor.
Biography.
A self-taught Kurdish/American avant-garde filmmaker, born in a small town of Zumar by the Tigris and raised in the town of Zakho on the biblical river Khabur in the now autonomous Kurdish region in the Middle East. Rosebiani joined the Kurdish revolution of 1974 at the age of 14 against the Iraqi regime and subsequently received political asylum in the United States two years later. He acquired his knowledge of filmmaking during his college years at NOVA in the mid eighties while managing movie theaters and making experimental videos for a public access television in Northern Virginia.
He is the winner of numerous international awards and has been listed in the top 35 world filmmakers in the book "Cineaste Uit De Schaduw" (Filmmakers from the Shadow) by Belgian celebrity photographer Kris De Witte, published by Open Doek film festival in 2002.
Although he made his film debut with "Dance of the Pendulum" (1995) in the United States, Rosebiani’s true calling was to bring the stories of his oppressed people to the big screen at a time when Kurdish cinema was still to be born – at this time the only Kurdish films in existence that had captured the attention of the West were Yilmaz Guney’s Palme d'Or prize winner, "YOL" and "The Herd", both made in the 1980s in Turkey (Northern Kurdistan).
"Jiyan" (life) was his first Kurdish film made in 2002 about the chemical attack on the Kurds. It was the first film made in South Kurdistan with the support of the Prime Minister of Kurdistan regional government and became known as the Halabja film. The film was nominated for the Tiger award at Rotterdam International Film Festival, and became a festival favorite, garnering high critical acclaim including four-star ratings by the Guardian and BBC World.
While "Jiyan" shows the influence of the Italian neorealist cinema, a style Rosebiani felt befitting Kurdish cinema, his recent works, "Chaplin of the Mountains" (2013) and "Êk Momik, Du Momik" (One Candle, Two Candles) (2014) are better described as avant-garde for their abstract treatment and controversial subject matter.

</doc>
<doc id="20843604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843604" title="Mean integrated squared error">
Mean integrated squared error

In statistics, the mean integrated squared error (MISE) is used in density estimation. The MISE of an estimate of an unknown probability density is given by
where "ƒ" is the unknown density, "ƒ""n" is its estimate based on a sample of "n" independent and identically distributed random variables. 
Here, E denotes the expected value with respect to that sample.
The MISE is also known as "L"2 risk function.

</doc>
<doc id="20843606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843606" title="Dicrotophos">
Dicrotophos

Dicrotophos is an organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor used as an insecticide. Some common brand names for dicrotophos include Bidrin, Carbicron, Diapadrin, Dicron and Ektafos. 

</doc>
<doc id="20843619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843619" title="John Dold">
John Dold

John 'Jack' Biddulph Dold (3 January 1902 – 17 September 1968) was a South African rugby union international and first-class cricketer with Eastern Province.
In six first-class matches between the 1922/23 and 1926/27 South African cricket seasons, four of them in the Currie Cup, Dold made 269 runs at 22.41 and took two wickets at the cost of 26.50 runs each. He performed well on his debut, against the touring Marylebone Cricket Club, opening the batting and scoring 55 in his second innings.
Dold, who was born in Grahamstown, played ten matches for the South African national rugby union team but no Tests. He was a member of South Africa's 1931–32 tour of Britain and Ireland and all of his matches came on that tour. A forward, Dold represented Albany at club level and Eastern Province provincially.

</doc>
<doc id="20843660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843660" title="Noel Ellis">
Noel Ellis

Noel Ellis (9 July 1921 – 6 July 1942) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League. He was accidentally killed during a training exercise in Queensland during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20843666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843666" title="Northeastern Cradle Song">
Northeastern Cradle Song

Northeastern Cradle Song () is a lullaby known widely in China, and is a folk song representative of Northeast China.
General.
The Northeastern Cradle Song is a lullaby known to many people in China. It is a folk song representative of Northeast China.
This cradle song is said to be originally sung in Pulandian, now part of Greater Dalian, at the time when Pulandian was called New Jin Prefecture (in ), located north of Jinzhou (in )). 
Lyrics.
There are slight differences in the lyrics that people use. The following has been taken in Dalian, Liaoning Province, China. 

</doc>
<doc id="20843681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843681" title="List of cast members of Verbotene Liebe">
List of cast members of Verbotene Liebe

Complete list of past and present cast members of soap opera "Verbotene Liebe".

</doc>
<doc id="20843695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843695" title="Ethoprop">
Ethoprop

Ethoprop is an organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor used as an insecticide.

</doc>
<doc id="20843699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843699" title="List of healthcare reform advocacy groups in the United States">
List of healthcare reform advocacy groups in the United States

Healthcare reform advocacy groups in the United States are non-profit organizations in the US who have as one of their primary goals healthcare reform in the United States.
Issues.
These organizations address issues such as universal healthcare, national health insurance, and single-payer healthcare.

</doc>
<doc id="20843706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843706" title="Ernő Rubik (aircraft designer)">
Ernő Rubik (aircraft designer)

Ernő Rubik (27 November 1910, Pöstyén, Austria-Hungary, now Piešťany, Slovakia – 13 February 1997) was a Hungarian aircraft designer and father of Ernő Rubik, the architect who became famous for his mechanical puzzles. 
During the 1930s, he designed several gliders for manufacture by Műegyetemi Sportrepülő Egyesület, the sport flying association of the Budapest Technical University. In the years following the Second World War, these designs were followed by a number of powered aircraft, making Rubik the country's most prolific aircraft designer. These were manufactured by his own enterprise, Aero-Ever in Esztergom, until the firm was nationalised in 1948 as Sportárutermelő Vállalat.
One of his most famous aircraft is the R-26 Góbé, a popular trainer aircraft in Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="20843719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843719" title="List of compositions by Léo Delibes">
List of compositions by Léo Delibes

This is list of works written by the French composer Léo Delibes (1836–1891).
Operas and operettas.
See List of operas and operettas by Delibes.
References.
Some of the information in this article is taken from the Dutch Wikipedia article.

</doc>
<doc id="20843723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843723" title="Yeshivat Shaare Torah">
Yeshivat Shaare Torah

Yeshivat Shaare Torah (more popularly known as Shaare Torah or just Shaare) is a "Sephardic Judaism" private Jewish day school program located in Brooklyn, New York. It includes elementary schools and High schools for both boys and girls, separately.
Teaching philosophy.
Shaare Torah is affiliated philosophically with the "haredi" branch of Judaism. Its stated goal is "to promote and foster the development of a Ben Torah, a young capable of actively and wholesomely interacting with his fellow Jews and citizens".
Student demographics.
Shaare Torah primarily caters to the Sephardic Jewish community of Brooklyn, but also has students from around the Tri-State area.
Post-high school.
Many graduates participate in year-long programs at yeshivot and seminaries in Israel for a year. Afterwards, some continue their studies in similar institutions, enroll in university, or go straight into the workforce. Some of the most popular universities among Shaare alumni, such as Brooklyn College and Kingsborough Community College, grant as much as a year's worth of credit to students who study in Israel, allowing them to apply these credits to their undergraduate degree.
Leadership.
The Rosh Yeshiva of Shaare Torah is Rabbi Hillel Haber, a Syrian Jew raised in Brooklyn. Rabbi Haber had moved to Israel to further his study of Torah, but returned to Brooklyn to found Shaare Torah.
Notable alumni.
Rabbi Eli Mansour
Rabbi Meyer Yedid

</doc>
<doc id="20843724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843724" title="Bob Flegg">
Bob Flegg

Bob Flegg ( – ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League. He scored 130 goals in a season for club Ormond, and kicked seven goals in his second match. He led St Kilda's goal scoring in 1941, and then joined the Royal Australian Air Force in World War II. He was killed when his plane was shot down over Feuersbrunn in 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="20843729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843729" title="WOGH">
WOGH

WOGH (103.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Froggy branded Country music format. Licensed to Burgettstown, Pennsylvania, USA, the station serves the Pittsburgh metropolitan area. The station is a member of the Froggy network circling the Pittsburgh Media Market. Sister "Froggyland" stations include the flagship WOGI - Froggy 104.3 and WOGG - Froggy 94.9. WOGH has an application to move its tower location from Jefferson County, Ohio to an area near Imperial, Pennsylvania, thus giving it complete coverage within the Pittsburgh metropolitan area. The station is currently owned by Keymarket Licenses, LLC.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20843761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843761" title="Gasoline heater">
Gasoline heater

A gasoline heater is a small, mounted or portable, gasoline-fueled, space-heating device.
In the United States they were used mainly for supplemental heat for the passenger compartments of automobiles and aircraft. Some aircraft continue to use gasoline heaters.
Operation.
First, fuel is brought to the heater using piping from a fuel tank, or taps into the vehicle’s fuel system. A fan blows air into a combustion chamber, and a spark plug or ignition device lights the gasoline/air mixture. A built-in safety switch prevents fuel from flowing unless the fan is working. Outside the combustion chamber, a second, larger diameter tube conducts air around the combustion tube's outer surface, and a second fan blows the warmed air into tubing to direct it towards the interior of the vehicle. Most gasoline heaters produce between 5,000 and 50,000 BTU per hour.
Gasoline heaters require electricity to operate. Heaters were made compatible with 6-volt, 12-volt, and 24-volt automotive and aircraft electrical systems. The heater requires routine maintenance, such as regular inspection of the combustion tube, and replacement of the igniter at periodic intervals.
Safety.
Because gasoline heaters are required to be vented, special care must be made to ensure the vents do not leak into the interior of the automobile or aircraft. Combustion byproducts include soot, sulfur dioxide, carbon dioxide, and some carbon monoxide. An improperly adjusted, fueled, or poorly maintained gasoline heater could be dangerous. In aircraft, several gasoline heaters have been the subject of safety directives.
History.
Gasoline heaters were commercially available on automobiles starting in the 1930s with continued use until the 1960s, when they were almost entirely replaced with heating systems using engine coolant.
South Wind heaters.
First advertised for automobiles in the 1930s, the South Wind Heater was invented by Canadian Harry J. McCollum. In 1934, McCollum demonstrated his invention to the Stewart-Warner company in Chicago, and Stewart-Warner began production a short time later. By 1948, Stewart-Warner had produced more than 3 million heaters for use in automobiles, aircraft, and military vehicles.
Southwind (Stewart Warner) made the Model M978 heater for use in military vehicles in the 1950s and 1960s. Stewart Warner Southwind heaters could also be found on 1940s Fords, through early 1970s Volkswagens.
Other manufacturers.
Other manufacturers over the years have included Janitrol.
One manufacturer now marketing current technology gasoline and diesel fuelled heaters is the Espar corporation, of Ontario, Canada; a wholly owned subsidiary of the German company J. Eberspächer, the world's largest manufacturer of vehicle heating systems;

</doc>
<doc id="20843780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843780" title="Bill Garvie">
Bill Garvie

Bill Garvie is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond. Winning the Richmond Reserves best and fairest in 1935, he was killed in an accident while serving in the army during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20843792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843792" title="Coraline (disambiguation)">
Coraline (disambiguation)

Coraline is a 2002 novella by the British writer Neil Gaiman.
Coraline may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20843803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843803" title="Fenamiphos">
Fenamiphos

Fenamiphos is an organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor used as an insecticide.

</doc>
<doc id="20843810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843810" title="Alf Giblett">
Alf Giblett

Alf Giblett (30 May 1908 – 19 June 1943) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He was killed in action in World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20843814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843814" title="Reed and Stem">
Reed and Stem

Reed and Stem was an architecture firm based in St. Paul, Minnesota. It was a partnership between Charles A. Reed (1858–1911) and Allen H. Stem (1856–1931). Formed in 1891, the successful partnership captured a wide range of commissions. One early work was Medical Hall on the campus of the University of Minnesota. They were, however, most widely known for their work on railways over the course of two decades. Through Reed's relationship, by marriage, to the president of the New York Central Railroad, they gained a high profile commission for New York's Grand Central Terminal with the architecture firm of Warren and Wetmore, and the newly hired Alfred T. Fellheimer as lead architect. In addition, Reed and Stem undertook many significant projects for the Great Northern Railway and the Northern Pacific Railway. After Reed's death, Stem continued to practice with Fellheimer until his retirement in 1920.
The "Reed and Stem" papers held by the Northwest Architectural Archives, in the Elmer L. Anderson Library, at the University of Minnesota constitute only a small portion of their output. Only five commissions are represented, and none of them relate to the railroad work of the firm.
The firm continues to practice in New York City as WASA/Studio A.
Work with the Northern Pacific Railway.
During the tenure of President Howard Elliott (1903–1912), the Northern Pacific Railway Company engaged in the upgrading of numerous depots across its system, from Minnesota to Washington. Many of these depots bear common architectural stamps, and are likely to be Reed and Stem designs. There is also the possibility the designs for smaller stations were drawn up by the Northern Pacific's Engineering Department, based on the design elements of Reed and Stem. In addition to the major works, such as the Tacoma Union Station and the former Montana Division Headquarters at Livingston, Montana, these lesser structures like Ellensburg, Washington, probably include:
Several of their works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. These are (with attribution):

</doc>
<doc id="20843815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843815" title="Pirate Freedom">
Pirate Freedom

Pirate Freedom (2007) is a fantasy novel by Gene Wolfe about a young man who is transported back in time and becomes a pirate.
Setting.
The majority of the book is set in the Caribbean and nearby regions during the "Golden Age of Piracy". It takes place mostly if not entirely after Henry Morgan burned Panama (1671) and before the earthquake that destroyed Port Royal, Jamaica (1692).
The rest of the book appears to be set in the early 21st Century. The hero is genetically engineered to be tall, and at the time of his birth, monorails are common in the United States, so his birth is in the near future of the time the book was published. or in a parallel universe
Plot summary.
The hero is named Christopher (Chris, Crisóforo, Christophe). He recounts his childhood and career as a pirate, interspersed with digressions about events in his later life, including the time when he is writing the book (as in "The Book of the Short Sun"). The following summarizes his story in the order in which he experiences it.
Chris is a Sicilian-American. When he is ten, Communism ends in Cuba, and his father (apparently a "wiseguy") moves there with him to run a casino. Chris goes to school at a monastery, where he becomes a novice and helps a Brother Ignacio with the farm work. At one point, he notices that many of the people he knew are gone, Mass is in Latin, and no one wears a watch. Somewhat later, he walks away from the monastery.
A farmer in a horse-drawn wagon picks him up and takes him to Havana—but the roads are unpaved and Havana is much smaller than he remembers. Chris lives by theft until he signs on to a Spanish brig bound for Veracruz, Mexico. He is raped twice by shipmates, but thereafter manages to avoid them, and he enjoys learning military seamanship.
In Veracruz he meets an English captain, Abraham Burt. Then Chris's ship sails to Spain, where he becomes infatuated with Estrellita, the maid of a wealthy young married woman. Her master puts a stop to the relationship.
He returns to his ship, but on the way back to Mexico they are captured by English pirates under Captain Burt, who takes him on to the pirate ship. They capture a Spanish slave ship, and Burt puts Chris in charge of taking it to Port Royal. When he returns, having freed a few of the slaves, he refuses to join in piracy and Burt abandons him on Hispaniola.
There a French buccaneer (a settler in the wilderness) helps him survive. They and other buccaneers capture a small Spanish warship sent against them, and Chris assumes command. A "boy" on the ship reveals herself as a woman who Chris knew in Spain; Chris takes her to be the maid Estrellita, but calls her "Novia", meaning "sweetheart". They become lovers.
After fights against the Spanish, Chris and his crew meet with Burt. An allied ship has captured a Spanish galley and its owner. The passengers had included one Jaime Guzmán and his wife. Chris deduces Señora Guzmán's hiding place and finds that she is Estrellita; Novia is Guzmán's real wife and Estrellita's former mistress. Guzmán had beaten Novia because—she says—she too was in love with Chris. Though Chris is angry with Novia for lying to him, she still loves him and they reconcile.
Chris rejoins Burt, and their fleet engages in successful and unsuccessful piracy, sailing around South America. At Río Hato, Panama, they rob a mule train of Peruvian gold. That night one crew massacres the rest of the pirates and takes the gold. Chris escapes and finds the dying Burt, who gives him his maps to the treasure he has buried on the Pearl Islands.
Chris and Novia marry in Veracruz. Chris runs into Brother Ignacio and hires him to take care of Novia while Chris reclaims Burt's treasure. He sets out single-handed, but is wrecked and on the last page of the book is rescued by Mexican fishermen who have a radio.
He makes his way to the United States and enters a seminary, then becomes a priest. He resists the temptation to visit the home where his child self lives.
The Cuban Communists fall, and Chris heads to Cuba. He has realized Brother Ignacio was his older self. Finishing his manuscript on a plane to Miami, he explains that he plans to enter his childhood monastery as a lay brother named Ignacio, follow young Chris out of the monastery into 17th-century Cuba, go to Veracruz to meet him and take care of Novia, and eventually take his place as her husband and recover Burt's treasure.
Religious aspects.
The book includes religious symbols (including the name of the protagonist) and experiences. It begins with Chris's declaration that he often reads about the lives of people who have sought God and found him, but that he has ". . . either never lost Him, or I have never sought Him." At one point, in response to a prayer of repentance, Chris hears the voice of God as an audible sound.
Chris believes that boys should know how to fight and be willing to so that older boys can, among other things, defend themselves from molestation by priests. When he is a priest in an urban parish, he knocks down teenagers who cause problems in the Youth Center. In another parish, he reinstitutes the Adoration of the Blessed Sacrament.
Style.
Chris tells his story in an informal style reminiscent of Wolfe's "Wizard Knight" (narrated by another young American man), but slangier and more irreverent. His narration includes elements not usually seen in formal narrative, such as colloquial Italian ("alla grande"), profanity in Italian and English ("merda" and "shit"), a private joke that he then explains, and capitals for emphasis. He also uses "parlay" to mean "parley".
Reception.
Paul Di Filippo described "Pirate Freedom" as "remarkably straightforward for Gene Wolfe" and "rip-snorting". He praised the minor characters and the accurate depiction of the period, adding that "Wolfe also makes sure to substitute hard reality in place of any cliché".
Paul Witcover called the book "deceptively breezy" and "surprisingly dark", and said it dealt with deep Christian questions. For him it was "distasteful in many ways" but "a small masterpiece". He too regarded the adventure as "rousing".
Di Filippo saw Chris as charmingly naive, "no matter how bloody his hands get or how many skirts he lifts". However, Witcover saw Chris, the product of genetic engineering who may not have a mother, as "a half-human monster" (a phrase Chris uses about himself), largely unrepentant and lacking empathy. For him, Chris's only redeeming (perhaps in the literal Christian sense) quality is his love for Novia.
The book was a finalist for the Locus Award for best fantasy novel.

</doc>
<doc id="20843825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843825" title="Trendy Man">
Trendy Man

Trendy Man () is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Show Luo's sixth Mandarin studio album. It was released on 26 December 2008 by Gold Typhoon (Taiwan). It is the first release after Show's continuation of contract with them, formerly EMI Music Taiwan.
Two preorder limited editions were available: "Trendy Man (Mirror Limited Preorder Edition)" (潮男正傳 潮男幻鏡珍藏版) and "Trendy Man (Box Limited Preorder Edition)" (潮男正傳 潮男誌盒裝版), which includes gifts. A further edition was released, "Trendy Man (Waist Support Celebration Edition) (2CD)" (潮男正傳 撐腰相挺慶功2CD版) containing a bonus CD with a new song "為你寫首歌" (Song Written for You).
Reception.
The album debuted at number one on Taiwan's Top 20 G-Music Weekly Combo and Mandarin Charts, and Five Music Chart at week starting 26 December 2008 to 1 January 2009, with a percentage sales of 32.32%, 37.8%, and 31.54% respectively. It charted continuously in the Mandarin Chart for 19 weeks, the Combo Chart for 13 weeks and the 5 Music Chart for 15 weeks. 
The tracks "撐腰" (Waist Support) and "搞笑" (Making Jokes) are listed at number 30 and 61 respectively on Hit Fm Taiwan's "Hit Fm Annual Top 100 Singles Chart" (Hit-Fm年度百首單曲) for 2009. The track "撐腰" (Waist Support) won one of the "Songs of the Year" at the 2009 Metro Radio Mandarin Music Awards presented by Hong Kong radio station Metro Info.
According Taiwan's G-Music chart the album is the second best selling album in Taiwan in 2009. It was also awarded one of the "Top 10 Selling Mandarin Albums of the Year" award at the 2009 IFPI Hong Kong Album Sales Awards, presented by the Hong Kong branch of IFPI.
Releases.
Four editions were released by Gold Typhoon (Taiwan):

</doc>
<doc id="20843831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843831" title="Good Lovin' (Slim song)">
Good Lovin' (Slim song)

"Good Lovin'" is a song by American R&B recording artist Slim. The song serves as the second single from Slim's debut album, "Love's Crazy". It features Fabolous and Ryan Leslie and was produced by the latter.
American singer-songwriter Ciara covered the song to promote her then upcoming album "Fantasy Ride" (2009). The cover featured rapper 50 Cent and the song was retitled "Slow Down".
Music video.
The music video, filmed in New York City, was directed by Vashtie Kola. On November 19, 2008 a behind-the-scenes video was released where Slim described the video as "a 1930s, 1940s style. The video was released on November 20th, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20843841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843841" title="Godfrey Goldin">
Godfrey Goldin

Godfrey Goldin is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon. He enlisted in the army and was killed in World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20843843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843843" title="Elmer Wingate">
Elmer Wingate

Elmer Horsey Wingate (born October 26, 1928) is a former American football player. Wingate was drafted by the New York Yanks in the fourth round of the 1951 NFL Draft and played for one season with the Baltimore Colts.
Early life and college career.
Wingate was born in 1928 in Baltimore, Maryland and attended high school at the Baltimore Polytechnic Institute. He then went on to college at the University of Maryland. While there, Wingate played football for the Maryland Terrapins as a defensive end. In 1947, he was the team's receiving leader with 12 receptions for 145 yards and three touchdowns. In 1948, Wingate repeated as the Terrapins' leader receiver with nine receptions for 32 yards and three touchdowns, and was named an honorable mention All-American. In 1950, Wingate was named to the All-Southern Conference team. At Maryland, Wingate also played on the lacrosse team as a defenseman in 1950 and 1951. He was named to the All-American second-team in 1951.
Later life.
After graduation, Wingate served in the United States Air Force and played football for the Bolling Air Force Base football team. He saw service in the Korean War.
Wingate was selected in the fourth round of the 1951 NFL Draft, 46th overall, by the New York Yanks. He eventually entered the league to play for the Baltimore Colts in 1953. While in the NFL, Wingate saw action in twelve games.

</doc>
<doc id="20843855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843855" title="Hans Christian Schulze">
Hans Christian Schulze

Hans Christian Schulze was a Brigadeführer (Brigadier General) and Generalmajor of Polizei in the Waffen-SS during World War II, who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Hans Christian Schulze was born in Schwarzenbeck on the 15 July 1893.
In 1912 he joined the army high school at Metz as a Fahnenjunker (Officer Candidate) and upon graduation was made a Leutnant in the Imperial German Army.
World War I.
In August 1914, Hans Christian Schulze now a platoon commander was sent to the front. He quickly rose through the ranks, becoming a Company, Battalion and Regiment commander and finishing the war as an Brigade Adjutant and was awarded the Iron Cross 1st and 2nd class.
Between wars.
After the war he joined the national police force and was stationed in Hamburg as a section commander, until 1935 when he joined the 47th Infantry Regiment as the Regimental Major and was promoted to Oberstleutnant (Lieutenant Colonel) before returning to the police force.
World War II.
In September 1939, Schulze was given command of the 2nd Polizei Schützen Regiment (Infantry), which was the divisional reserve during the Battle of France and stationed on the Luxembourg border.
In June 1940, the division advanced onto the Aisne Canal. Schulze and his Regiment were involved in the fighting at the Forest of Argonne, and capturing an important bridge.
Schulze was often found at the front of his Regiment and was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd and 1st class for his bravery.
From August 1940 until June 1941 Schulze and the rest of the Division were stationed as an occupying force in the Paris region.
In June 1941 the division was moved to the Eastern Front to take part in Operation Barbarossa, the invasion of the Soviet Union. They were part of the Army Group North which advanced througth the Baltic States towards Leningrad.
In August 1941 the regiment was the focus of the fighting around the town of Luga, with Schulze again leading from the front, and through his efforts the city of Luga was quickley captured, for which Schulze was awarded the Knight's Cross in September 1941.
In the advance towards Leningrad, Schulze was badly wounded on 13 September 1941, and died of his wounds.
He was then posthumously promoted to Brigadeführer and Generalmajor of Polizei.

</doc>
<doc id="20843856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843856" title="All Access Europe">
All Access Europe

All Access Europe is a video album released by Eminem in 2002. The album contains segments of Eminem's live performances during a European tour intended to promote "The Marshall Mathers LP". The album includes live guest appearances by Dido, Marilyn Manson and Xzibit.
Track listing.
Source: Billboard.com

</doc>
<doc id="20843861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843861" title="Orbilia">
Orbilia

Orbilia is a genus of fungi in the family Orbiliaceae. Anamorphs of this genus include the "Arthrobotrys", "Dactylella", "Dicranidion", "Dwayaangam", "Helicoön", "Monacrosporium", and "Trinacrium".
The genus was established in 1836 by Elias Magnus Fries to accommodate the species "Peziza leucostigma". The mycologist Josef Velenovský wrote articles describing species found in Bohemia and Moravia (Czechoslovakia). In 1951, Fred Jay Seaver recorded 20 species in North America, and R.W.G. Dennis later described 9 species from Venezuela. According to the "Dictionary of the Fungi" (10th edition, 2008), there are about 58 species in the genus.

</doc>
<doc id="20843874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843874" title="Collège Canado-Haïtien">
Collège Canado-Haïtien

Collège Canado-Haïtien is a school in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
History.
The Canado-Haitian College was established in Turgeau in 1969. It integrated high school students attending other schools of the Brothers of the Sacred Heart such as Pope John XXIII School in the "Bicentenaire" area of Port-au-Prince, Saint-Jean L'Evangeliste in Turgeau, and Liberia School in "Impasse Lavaud", Bois Verna. It also served several students from The Petit Séminaire Collège Saint Martial, the Saint-Louis de Gonzague School and other schools. The school was managed by the Brothers of the Sacred Heart.
Campus.
The Canado-Haitian College campus was composed of four floors, A total of 31 classroom,a library,a cafeteria,the secretariat and the "Direction" (Place where are the bureau of the principals.asst. principal and the counselors), and also a big auditorium. It also had a recreation court that is composed of 2 basketball and two volleyball court.Now, after the earthquake, the campus is made of houses that contains three classroom but the secretariat, the cafeteria, and the direction is still intact.Next to the campus,there was a university called Canado-technical center, the building was damaged but is repaired now.
Curriculum.
Canado offers three major vehicles designed specifically to carry the student toward a bachelorship in Literature or Sciences and a bachelorship in Mathematics. They are as follows:
Extracurricular activities.
Religious, sports, cultural, and social activities are planned through the Student Life organization.

</doc>
<doc id="20843903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843903" title="Steamboat ladies">
Steamboat ladies

Steamboat ladies was the name given to those female students at the women's colleges of the universities of Oxford and Cambridge who between the years 1904 and 1907 were conferred with "ad eundem" University of Dublin degrees at Trinity College, Dublin, at a time when their own universities refused to confer degrees upon women. The name comes from the means of transport commonly used by these women to travel to Dublin, Ireland, for the purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="20843905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843905" title="Do It Baby">
Do It Baby

"Do It Baby" is a 1974 single recorded and released by the Motown R&B group The Miracles and marked the soul quintet's first top forty hit over a year and a half after the departure of the group's most important member, former leader Smokey Robinson and the inclusion of Billy Griffin, who took over Robinson's lead position in 1973.The song was taken from the album of the same name, and written by Motown staff songwriters Freddie Perren and Christine Yarian and produced by Perren. The song's production also was a far departure from the group's earliest sounds as they embraced a funkier production style. The single was released off of the group's 1974 album of the same name and reached the "Billboard" Pop Top 20,and sold over one million copies, peaking at number 13 on the Billboard Hot 100 and The Top 10 on the Hot Selling Soul Singles chart in early 1974, peaking at #4, and would remain their biggest post-Robinson hit until the 1975 release of the now-disco classic, "Love Machine", which was one of the group's only two singles to reach number-one on the Billboard Hot 100. In addition to Billy Griffin,his brother, new Miracles member Donald Griffin, replaced original Miracle Marv Tarplin on guitar. Tarplin continued to tour and work with Smokey Robinson. This song has inspired cover versions by Jimmy Ponder, and Red Holt (of Young-Holt Unlimited). The Miracles can be seen performing "Do It Baby" on the Motown/Universal DVD release: The Miracles: "The Definitive Performances (1963-1987)".

</doc>
<doc id="20843912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843912" title="Alf Hedge">
Alf Hedge

Alf Hedge (29 October 1917 – 4 May 1942) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). A bomber pilot with the Royal Australian Air Force, he was killed when his plane was shot down over Germany in World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20843933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843933" title="Community Conservatory">
Community Conservatory

The Community Conservatory in an art school in Doylestown, Pennsylvania. It is a member of the National Guild of Community Schools for the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="20843935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843935" title="Fritz Berger">
Fritz Berger

"Kapitän zur See" Fritz Hans Wilhelm Berger (15 April 1900 in Allenstein, East Prussia (now Olsztyn, Poland) – 27 June 1973 in Bielefeld) was a Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipient during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20843939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843939" title="Ronald Gerrard">
Ronald Gerrard

Major Ronald Anderson Gerrard (26 January 1912 – 22 January 1943) was an English rugby union international. He also played first-class cricket for Somerset.
Gerrard was a member of two successful Home Nations campaigns with England in 1932 and 1934, the latter a Triple Crown. The Hong Kong born centre played a Test against South Africa when they toured Britain in 1932 and in a win over New Zealand, who toured the British Isles and Canada in 1936.
In addition to his rugby career, Gerrard played three first-class matches, as a batsman, with Somerset in the 1935 County Championship. He didn't have an impact on any of the matches, amassing just 36 runs from his five innings.
A Major during World War II, Gerrard fought in North Africa and was killed in action near Tobruk.

</doc>
<doc id="20843954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843954" title="1971 Cyrus International Tournament">
1971 Cyrus International Tournament

The Cyrus International Tournament () or simply Cyrus Cup () was a friendly football tournament held in Tehran, Iran between June 25 to July 4, 1971. As this tournament was held at the same year of the 2,500 year celebration of Iran's monarchy celebrating the foundation of Persian Empire by Cyrus the Great the name Cyrus was given to the tournament.
This tournament was won by Iran who also managed to qualify from Asia for the 1972 Olympic Games the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="20843983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843983" title="Max-Eckart Wolff">
Max-Eckart Wolff

Eduard Hans Martin Max-Eckart Wolff (19 December 1902 in Wernigerode – 9 November 1988 in Bremen) was a Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipient during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Wolff as commander of destroyer Z2 "Georg Thiele" was credited with the destruction of the British destroyers HMS "Hardy" and HMS "Hunter" on 10 April 1940. On 13 April 1940 he attacked and damaged HMS "Eskimo".

</doc>
<doc id="20843988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843988" title="Tsuneo Shibahara">
Tsuneo Shibahara

In 1936 he finished fourth in the 3 metre springboard event and sixth in the 10 metre platform competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20843992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843992" title="Spicciati">
Spicciati

Spicciati is a surname that is uniquely derived from Mirabello Sannitico, a small village in the region of Molise and province of Campobasso, in Southern Italy. Based on an unpublished ethnographic study, Spicciati is very distinctive to this town of 1,800 inhabitants, such that if found anywhere in the world, could be traced back to Mirabello Sannitico. Emigration has occurred mostly to the United States, with a focus to Central New York, California, and Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20843996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20843996" title="Tomio Koyanagi">
Tomio Koyanagi

In 1936 he finished sixth in the 3 metre springboard event as well as sixth in the 10 metre platform competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20844014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844014" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 371">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 371

United Nations Security Council Resolution 371, adopted on July 24, 1975, recalling statements from officials of the Arab Republic of Egypt and a report by the Secretary-General regarding the United Nations Emergency Force, the Council expressed its concern at the lack of progress toward a lasting peace in the Middle East. 
The Council then called upon all involved parties to implement resolution 338, it renewed the mandate for the Emergency Force for another 3 months until October 24, 1975, and requested that the Secretary-General submit a report on any progress regarding the situation before the expiration of the renewed mandate. 
The resolution was adopted by 13 votes; China and Iraq did not participate in the voting.

</doc>
<doc id="20844018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844018" title="Ivan Hrvatska">
Ivan Hrvatska

Ivan Hrvatska is a Croatian singer living in Canada, known for his songs about "making love" to national holidays of Canada and the USA. He first gained attention in 2001 with the song "First I Make Love to You, Then I Make Love to Christmas". Other tracks include "Making Love to the Grey Cup" and "Making Love to Vancouver Canucks".
His album "Seasons of Love (Party All Year)" charted on Canadian college album charts, including reaching #3 in Winnipeg.
In 2010 Ivan Hrvatska was in the Croatian reality TV show "Farma" on Nova TV.

</doc>
<doc id="20844028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844028" title="Melpo Mene">
Melpo Mene

Melpo Mene is an independent band formed and headed by musician Erik Mattiasson from Stockholm, Sweden. Their 2008 album release, "Bring the Lions Out", included the single ""I Adore You"", which was used in a 2008 Volvo car commercial. Initially, their debut album "Holes" was not available in North America except as a digital download through iTunes until the release of "Bring the Lions Out", after which both were available in physical copy.
Melpo has played many cities, from New York City to Paris, and has shared the stage with Bon Iver, Loney Dear, Jose Gonzalez, and more. In 2012 Melpo put out "Behind The Trees", which he released independently via Redeye Distribution. This album was featured on iTunes in the Indie Spotlight and Singer/Songwriter sections, as well as featured on Spinner in their home page "Listening Party" section. The single "We Should Be Walking" received airplay on numerous college and specialty radio stations, leading him to chart at #9 in the SubModern Singles chart and was featured in an episode of ABC's The Middle. The track "Ain't Gonna Die While Sitting Down" was featured in Netflix's Hemlock Grove and will be featured in Warner Bros. Film, The Good Lie, this spring, starring Reese Witherspoon. The music video for this track premiered on Paste (magazine) and stars Actor, Peter Stormare's, daughter. 

</doc>
<doc id="20844046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844046" title="Enjoy">
Enjoy

Enjoy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20844067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844067" title="The Secret (book)">
The Secret (book)

The Secret is a best-selling 2006 self-help book written by Rhonda Byrne, based on the earlier film of the same name. It is based on the law of attraction and claims that positive thinking can create life-changing results such as increased wealth, health, and happiness. The book has sold more than 19 million copies worldwide and has been translated into 46 languages, but has attracted a great deal of controversy, as well as being parodied in several TV programs.
Background.
"The Secret" is based on the earlier film of the same name that was released in DVD format in March 2006. The tenet of the film and book is that the universe is governed by a natural law called the law of attraction which is said to work by attracting into a person's life the experiences, situations, events, and people that "match the frequency" of the person's thoughts and feelings. Therefore, positive thinking and feeling positive are claimed to create life-changing results such as increased wealth, health, and happiness.
The book is very much influenced by Wallace Wattles' 1910 book "The Science of Getting Rich",
which Byrne received from her daughter during a time of personal trauma in 2004. Byrne read and synthesized several classic books and the words of modern-day teachers who spoke about ancient wisdom and the ways for people to attract what they desire into their lives. The book includes many quotes from these people.
The original version of the 2006 film The Secret, centered around Esther Hicks, an American inspirational speaker and author of the best-selling series The Law of Attraction,"translated from a group of non-physical entities called Abraham. Discovered by Rhonda Byrne during her research for the film. "Hicks describes what she is doing as tapping into "infinite intelligence". Hicks, after refusing to re-negotiate her contract with Rhonda Byrne, was edited out of the final version of the film.
After being featured in two episodes of "The Oprah Winfrey Show", the book reached the top of the New York Times bestseller list, where it remained for 146 consecutive weeks. The book has been translated into 44 languages, and has over 21 million copies in print. Thanks in big part to the appearance in the Oprah TV show, the book and film have grossed $300 million in sales, according to a January 15, 2009 article by Forbes.
In 2009, a book for teenagers called "The Secret to Teen Power", written by the film's producer, Paul Harrington, was released. Byrne has also released a calendar and several follow-up books, including "The Power" in August 2010 and The Magic in 2012, which both also reached number 1 on the New York Times Best Sellers List.
The law of attraction.
"The Secret" posits that the law of attraction is a natural law which determines the complete order of the universe and of our personal lives through the process of "like attracts like". The author claims that as we think and feel, a corresponding frequency is sent out into the universe that attracts back to us events and circumstances on that same frequency. For example, if you think angry thoughts and feel angry, it is claimed that you will attract back events and circumstances that cause you to feel more anger. Conversely, if you think and feel positively, you will attract back positive events and circumstances. Proponents of the law claim that desirable outcomes such as health, wealth, and happiness can be attracted simply by changing one's thoughts and feelings. For example, some people believe that using the Secret can cure cancer.
There is no scientific basis to these assertions.
Book synopsis.
The book begins by introducing and explaining the mechanisms of the law of attraction, then goes on to describe its historical applications and the great men and women in history who are claimed to have harnessed its power. The book describes the law as a magnetic power emitted through one's thoughts. The power of thoughts is likened to a transmission tower that sends out a frequency to the universe and then returns the same frequency in a physical or elemental form.
Next, a three-step creative process for manifesting dreams is introduced: Ask (visualize in the film), Believe, and Receive. This creative process is based on a quote from the Bible: "And all things, whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive." (Matthew 21:22)
"The Secret" highlights gratitude and visualization as the two most powerful processes to help manifest one's desires. It asserts that being grateful both lifts your frequency higher and affirms that you believe you will receive your desire. Visualization is said to help focus the mind to send out the clearest message to the universe. Several techniques are given for the visualization process, as well as examples of people claimed to have used it successfully to manifest their dreams.
As an example, if a person wanted a new car, by thinking about the new car, having positive and thankful feelings about the car as if it were already attained and opening one's life in tangible ways for a new car to be acquired (for example, test driving the new car, or making sure no one parks in the space where the new car would arrive); the law of attraction would rearrange events to make it possible for the car to manifest in the person's life.
The following chapters describe how to use the law of attraction specifically in the areas of wealth, relationships, and health. The book provides examples and ways to use the law of attraction for each. The final chapters offer a more spiritual perspective of the law of attraction, and of how it relates to one's life and the world.
Criticism.
The claims made by both the book and film have been highly controversial, and have been criticized by reviewers and readers in both traditional and web-based media. The book has also been heavily criticized by former believers and practitioners, with some claiming that "The Secret" was conceived by the author and that the only people generating wealth and happiness from it are the author and the publishers.
Others assert "The Secret" offers false hope to those in true need of more conventional assistance in their lives—for example, in 2007 Barbara Ehrenreich, an author and social critic, ridiculed the book's weight control advice to "not observe" overweight people. According to the "Religion Dispatches", Byrne argued that natural disasters strike those "on the same frequency as the event" and implied the 2006 tsunami victims could have spared themselves. In businesses using the DVD for employee training or morale-building, some reacted to it as "a gimmick" and "disturbing" like "being indoctrinated into a cult".
Psychotherapist and author, Thom Rutledge, created a web site (The Antidote) specifically to explain the flaws in the concepts included in The Secret. http://www.thesecretantidote.net/secretantidote/default.asp His position is one of healthy skepticism, not cynicism and he explains in detail his objections to what he considers to be dangerous about The Secret.
In 2009, Ehrenreich published "Bright-Sided: How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America" as a response to "positive thinking" books, like "The Secret", that teach "if I just change my thoughts, I could have it all". She worried this was delusional or even dangerous because it avoided dealing with the real sources behind problems. It encouraged "victim-blaming, political complacency, and a culture-wide "flight from realism" by suggesting failure is the result of not trying "hard enough" or believing "firmly enough in the inevitability of your success". Those who were "disappointed, resentful, or downcast" were 'victims' or 'losers'. Ehrenreich advocated "not negative thinking or despair" but "realism, checking out what’s really there and figuring out how to change it".
Historian and ethicist John G. Stackhouse, Jr. also provided historical context for "The Secret," critically locating it in the tradition of American "New Thought" and "mind over matter" philosophy and popular religion in his weblog.
On the Adam Carolla podcast, Dr. Drew said "The Secret" promoted "primitive thinking" as a replacement for actually earning esteem.
Parody.
"The Secret" has been parodied in "The Simpsons" episode "Bart Gets a 'Z'," where Bart gets his teacher a book entitled "The Answer", which is supposed to change her life after he unintentionally ruined it, by the "Family Guy" episode "Brian Writes a Bestseller", as well as "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" and "Saturday Night Live". "The Chaser's War on Everything", a satirical comedy news program on Australia's ABC TV network, also parodied "The Secret" on May 16, 2007 by testing out the ideas put forward in the book.

</doc>
<doc id="20844072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844072" title="Erhard Weiß">
Erhard Weiß

Erhard Weiß (May 26, 1914 – July 7, 1957) was a German diver who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he finished fourth in the 10 metre platform event and fifth in the 3 metre springboard competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20844124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844124" title="Winfried Mahraun">
Winfried Mahraun

Winfried Mahraun (July 17, 1907 – September 10, 1973) was a German diver who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Gumbinnen(near Königstein)and died in Sindelfingen,Stuttgart.
In 1936 he finished seventh in the 3 metre springboard event.

</doc>
<doc id="20844140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844140" title="Siegfried Viebahn">
Siegfried Viebahn

Siegfried Viebahn (born July 29, 1911) is a German diver who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he finished seventh in the 10 metre platform event.

</doc>
<doc id="20844149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844149" title="Cairo Metro Line 1">
Cairo Metro Line 1

Cairo Metro Line 1 is the first line of the Cairo Metro in Cairo, Egypt. It was constructed in 1989 and connects Helwan with El Marg passing other 32 stations. The line is 44 km long with 4.5 km underground and carries trains with 3 Units (9 wagons), which have a time difference of 2.5 minutes and a maximum speed of 100 km/h. The line can carry 60,000 Passengers per hour in each direction.
Costs.
The Construction of the project started in 1982 after the French government agreed on giving Egypt the necessary loan. The first Helwan - El Marg line costs 1107 million Francs which were converted into EGP and divided into multiple stages. The total cost of the first stage from Helwan to Ramsis is 473.9 million EGP divided into the following:
The second stage coasted in total 499.6 million EGP and connected the (Laymoun Bridge-Marg) railway with the metro. Additional costs were made available as requested by the ministry of transportation:
Construction.
The Construction of the Helwan-El Marg line was in two stages.
The first stage was from Helwan to Sayeda Zenab and included an underground tunnel from Helwan to Ramsis square.
First the line from Helwan to Sayeda Zenab, which is 24 km long had the following construction works:
Second the line from Helwan to Ramsis square, which would be a subterranean and is 4.5 km long. It includes five subterranean stations after the Sayeda Zenab station:
The Construction of this line consumed the following resources:
In 1987 the line from Helwan to Ramsis square was finished and opened for the public. It had a total length of 28.5 km.
The second stage of the Helwan El Marg line included the construction of a line from Ramsis square to El marg, which would be 14 km long. The operation of the line was aimed for 1988, but due to some difficulties it started operation in 1989.
The second stage included also:
Connections.
To other Metro lines.
Line 1 connects to Line 2 at Shohadaa and Sadat Stations. It is expected to connect with Line 3 in October 2015 at Nasser Station when Phase 3 of Line 3 is completed.
To other forms of transit.
Shohadaa Station is immediately next to Ramses Station, providing access to Egyptian National Railways long-haul and short-haul domestic passenger service. Tram stops are also frequently located near Line 1 stations, as are Cairo Transport Authority buses and private microbus services.
Access to Cairo International Airport is expected via transfer to Line 3 upon completion of Phase 5 in October 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="20844153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844153" title="Nordeste Transmontano">
Nordeste Transmontano

Nordeste Transmontano, often known as Tras-os-Montes, is a region in Portugal, District of Bragança. Its historic cities are Bragança, Miranda de I Douro, Mirandela, and Macedo de Cavaleiros.

</doc>
<doc id="20844160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844160" title="Doug Tomalin">
Doug Tomalin

Charles Douglas "Doug" Tomalin (20 August 1914 – December 1998) was an English diver who competed for Great Britain in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he finished ninth in the 10 metre platform event.
At the 1934 Empire Games he won the silver medal in the 3 metre springboard event and in the high diving competition. Four years later at the Sydney Games he won the gold medal in the high diving contest and the silver medal in the 3 metre springboard event.

</doc>
<doc id="20844187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844187" title="Chester Gierula">
Chester Gierula

Chester Gierula was an American football player. He was selected in the tenth round of the 1951 NFL Draft.
Gierula was born in Allentown, Pennsylvania and attended William Allen High School.
Gierula attended college at the University of Maryland, where he played football as a guard. He played on the offensive line alongside Maryland football greats Bob Ward and Dick Modzelewski. Gierula was said to have played "his best game of the year" in the 1950 upset win over number-two Michigan State in East Lansing, Michigan.
In 1951, Gierula was selected in the tenth round of the 1951 NFL Draft by the Cleveland Browns. In 1954, Gierula (along with Bobby Garrett, John Bauer, and Jack Miller) was traded to the Green Bay Packers for Babe Parilli and Bob Fleck.

</doc>
<doc id="20844190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844190" title="Paul Edwards (athlete)">
Paul Edwards (athlete)

Paul Michael Edwards (born 16 February 1959 in Chiswick, Greater London) is a retired athlete who competed in the men's shot put event during his career. He competed for both Wales and England during his career and twice represented Great Britain at the Summer Olympics: 1988 and 1992. Edwards was affiliated with the Walton Athletic Club and Belgrave Harriers in London. He represented Great Britain 43 times and won 11 AAA titles and 5 UK titles. In addition, he also represented Great Britain in decathlon and held Welsh national records at shot put, discus and decathlon. In 1994 he failed a drugs test for steroids., and he received a lifetime ban for testosterone presence in a sample in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20844195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844195" title="Duško Savić">
Duško Savić

Duško Savić (Serbian Cyrillic: Душко Савић ;born 1 July 1968)) is a former Bosnian Serb association footballer.
He won Yugoslav First League in 1991 and 1992 with Red Star Belgrade.
Savić had a spell with Ionikos F.C. in the Greek Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="20844241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844241" title="Mark Forsythe">
Mark Forsythe

Mark Clifford Forsythe (born August 10, 1965 in Belfast) is a retired Northern Irish athlete who competed in the men's long jump event during his career. He twice represented Great Britain at the Summer Olympics: 1988 and 1992. Forsythe was affiliated with Ballymena & Antrim.
Mark is currently the executive producer for Sky Sports.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20844243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844243" title="ITV Cable 16">
ITV Cable 16

iTV Cable 16 is a local Educational-access television cable TV channel based in San Diego, California, United States, and is operated by the California Department of Education through the San Diego County Office of Education. It is broadcast from its own master control facility and distributed on San Diego area Cox and Time Warner Cable systems on channel 16. The channel was originally launched in 1993 and its programing has changed throughout the year, however some of their current programs include "First Vote", "Math2Success", "Ethical" and monthly live coverage of the San Diego County Board of Education meetings. iTV Cable 16 is also well known for its broadcasts of the "Academic League" student knowledge competitions. All of these programs relate to education and issues impacting the educational community.
iTV splits its airtime with Palomar College Television.

</doc>
<doc id="20844245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844245" title="Suryalanka Beach">
Suryalanka Beach

Suryalanka Beach is located 9 km from Bapatla in Guntur District of Andhra Pradesh. It is located 50 km south of Guntur City. Also known as the Bapatla Beach, it draws a large number of visitors on weekends and holidays.
About.
Suryalanka Beach is situated at a distance of 8.5 kilometers from the town of Bapatla, in Guntur district. The natural beauty of the beach and its closeness to the town attracts tourists who often return to the calmness of the sea for the weekend. The shore of the beach is wide and spacious. The Suryalanka Beach overlooks the crystal blue waters of the Bay of Bengal. It's the only nearest beach from Hyderabad in Andhra Pradesh and quite spoken about.but it is a small and beautiful beach
Accessibility.
Suryalanka beach is 7 km from Bapatla railway station (Station Code: BPP) in Guntur district. Buses are available to Suryalanka from Bapatla. Bapatla Beach (Surya Lanka) is well connected by road and there are frequent buses from Guntur also.
Recreation.
Thanks to Andhra Pradesh Tourism and Development Corporation, they have a Haritha Beach Resort set-up over there which is the only one available. If anyone is unlucky to get an accommodation which means they can still get a hotel or a lodge booked in Bapatla town and have to commute all the way to the beach for fun. APTDC has built-up 10 A.C. rooms with a restaurant and camp fire facility.

</doc>
<doc id="20844270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844270" title="Yingying Pagoda">
Yingying Pagoda

The Yingying Pagoda (Chinese: 莺莺塔; pinyin: Yīng Yīng Tǎ ) of Yongji County, Shanxi province, China, is a pagoda whose present structure dates from the Ming dynasty.
History.
The pagoda was first established in the Tang Dynasty at the same time as the Pujiu temple, which no longer exists. The present-day pagoda dates from 1563 during the Ming Dynasty. According to local legend, the designer of the pagoda hid two golden frogs somewhere inside the pagoda. It is popular for visitors to use rocks to knock against the walls in search of hollows where the frogs may be hidden. 
Structure.
The pagoda is 50 meters tall, and square shaped. It has 13 floors. 

</doc>
<doc id="20844271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844271" title="Kanidoua Naboho">
Kanidoua Naboho

Kanidoua Naboho (born 1952) is a Burkinabé politician, currently serving as the First Vice-President of the National Assembly of Burkina Faso. He was previously a minister in the government during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Naboho was born in Houndé, located in the Tuy Province of Burkina Faso's Hauts Bassins Region. After attending school in Burkina Faso, he studied at Cheikh Anta Diop University in Dakar and graduated with a degree in medicine. Back in Burkina Faso, he became the head doctor at the medical center of Tougan in 1981, then Provincial Director of Health in Gourma in 1984. Later, he was appointed to the government and served as Minister of the Civil Service, Labor and Social Security from 1988 to 1989, then as Minister of Health and Social Action from 1989 to 1990.
Naboho was elected to the National Assembly in the May 1992 parliamentary election. On 19 June 1992, Naboho was appointed as a Minister of State (without portfolio); he was subsequently appointed as Minister of State for Territorial Administration in 1993 and was moved to the post of Minister of State for Defense in 1994. He was not included the government that was named on 11 June 1995. In the May 1997 parliamentary election, he was elected to the National Assembly as a candidate of the Congress for Democracy and Progress (CDP).
In the May 2007 parliamentary election, he was again elected to the National Assembly as a CDP candidate, and he became the First Vice-President of the National Assembly.
Naboho was designated as the CDP's Deputy National Executive Secretary, in charge of political orientation, at the CDP's fifth congress, held in March 2012. In the December 2012 parliamentary election, he was re-elected to the National Assembly, and he was re-elected to his post as First Vice-President of the National Assembly in January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20844278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844278" title="Kate Schutt">
Kate Schutt

Kate Schutt is an American-born jazz artist, now living in Guelph, Canada. Schutt learnt to play the guitar as a child, gave first performance when she was 12 and wrote her first song at 13. She studied at The Berklee College of Music and Harvard University. In 2002, she had throat surgery and did not perform again until July 2003. She released a five-song EP, "Heart-Shot", in 2004, on which Schutt played a Novax 8-string guitar/bass hybrid for the first time.
She has released two albums, "No Love Lost" (2007) and "The Telephone Game" (2008), through ArtistShare. "No Love Lost" topped the jazz charts in Canada. Schutt was a winner of the jazz category in Session II of the John Lennon Songwriting Contest in 2007.
Winner of the 6th annual Independent Music Awards Vox Pop vote for best Jazz song "Two Halves of a Broken Heart". Schutt's "How Much in Love" was also nominated for the 7th Annual Independent Music Awards for Jazz song of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="20844286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844286" title="Sex chromosome disorders">
Sex chromosome disorders

Sex chromosome disorders belong to a group of genetic conditions that are caused or affected by the loss or damage of sex chromosomes (gonosomes). 
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20844289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844289" title="Arthur Laumann">
Arthur Laumann

Leutnant Arthur Laumann was a German World War I flying ace who scored 28 victories in just over three months. He rose to become Air Attache to Greece and Yugoslavia during World War II, raising to a final rank of "Luftwaffe" "Generalmajor".
Service in World War I artillery.
Arthur Laumann joined Field Artillery Regiment Number 83 on 2 August 1914, and was assigned to 40th Artillery Ranging Troop. He was promoted to "Gefreiter" (Private first class) on 15 February 1915, and to "Unteroffizier" (Noncommissioned officer) on 1 August 1915. He won an Iron Cross Second Class on 8 February 1916. On 13 January 1917, he became an "Offizier-Stellvertreter" (Officer candidate). He was commissioned "Leutnant de Reserves" on 19 May 1917. On 14 August 1917, he transferred to the "Luftstreitkräfte" for pilot training.
Aerial service in World War I.
He took pilot training with the 13th Flying Replacement Battalion until 26 February 1918. By 6 March 1918, he was assigned to FA(A) 265, which was an artillery spotting squadron flying two seated airplanes. After only two months, on 19 May, he was assigned to fly Fokker D.VII fighter planes while commanding "Jagdstaffel" 66.
Eight days after joining "Jagdstaffel" 66, on 27 May 1918, he scored his first triumph in the same dogfight in which his commanding officer, Rudolf Windisch, was shot down and disappeared.
Laumann scored three victories in June, and became an ace on 1 July. He ran up 12 wins in July, including a triple on the 18th. He also was awarded the Iron Cross First Class on the 17th. He ended the month as a triple ace.
He shot down another dozen enemy planes in August, including another triple on the 9th. Also during July and August, he briefly commanded "Jasta" 66.
In mid August, he was transferred to command "Jagdstaffel" 10 in "Jagdgeschwader" 1 (JG 1), the "Jagdgeschwader" von Richthofen.
The JG 1 commander was Hermann Göring.
Laumann scored his last four victories with "Jasta" 10, including his final one on 4 September. On 7 September, he was awarded the Royal House Order of Hohenzollern. The "Pour le Merite", or Blue Max followed on 25 October, and was the final one awarded to any member of JG I.
Service after World War I.
After the armistice, he was transferred to the Signals Battalion of Military District Command VI until August 1919. From there he was returned to the 83rd Field Artillery Regiment and placed on indefinite leave. He was mustered out on 31 December 1920.
In 1932 and 1933, he became an advisor to an aviation group. He was appointed "SA-Standartenführer", a paramilitary field officer's rank, on 24 August 1932.
From there, he moved to leading a formation of the German Air Sport Formation until 31 March 1935. This led to his entry into the "Luftwaffe" as a Major on 1 April 1935 as commander of Air Region Reserve 12 in Cologne. Also during 1935, he was appointed to squadron command in II Group of JG 132. He held that post until 1 February 1939, when he moved up to command of II Group.
On 4 September 1939, he left his command to become the Air Attache for Yugoslavia and Greece, with his home base being the German Embassy in Belgrade, Yugoslavia. Laumann held this post until 29 May 1941.
After that, he held a series of administrative posts until his retirement on 1 March 1945. He had been promoted to "Oberst" (Colonel) on 1 January 1940; he was given a final promotion to "Generalmajor" (Major General) as he retired.

</doc>
<doc id="20844291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844291" title="Stewart Faulkner">
Stewart Faulkner

Stewart St. Ledger Faulkner (Height 1.95 metres, Weight 90 kilogrammes) born 19 February 1969 in Northampton, Northamptonshire to parents of Jamaican-Cuban descent, is a retired British athlete who competed in the men's long jump event during his career. Although his career was plagued by severe tarsal tunnel syndrome (a trapped nerve in his take off foot), he achieved relative success early in his track life. After winning a silver medal at the European Junior Championships in Birmingham in 1987, he went on to represent Great Britain at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea, where he just missed reaching the final. The following year he established himself as No. 6 in the Track and Field News IAAF Long Jump World Merit rankings.
Despite the premature end to his international career, Faulkner was described as an exceptional and precocious talent and still holds national records in the Junior indoor and under 23 indoor categories. Faulkner remains a life member with Birchfield Harriers.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20844292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844292" title="Abe Hartley">
Abe Hartley

Abraham "Abe" Hartley (8 February 1872 – 9 October 1909) was a Scottish footballer who played for Everton as a centre forward for five years in the 1890s. He also played for Merseyside rivals Liverpool and for his local club, Dumbarton. His career also included stints at Southampton, Woolwich Arsenal and Burnley at the end of his career. He appeared on the losing side in the 1897 FA Cup Final while at Everton.
Football career.
Early days.
Hartley was born in Dumbarton, Scotland and was the son of a tailor. After youth football with Artizan Thistle, he joined Dumbarton, where two of his brothers also played, in 1890. During his time with Dumbarton, he converted from a right back to a forward. While on the books of Dumbarton, the team won the first two Scottish Football League titles (1890–91 and 1891–92) and the 1891 Scottish Cup Final, but Hartley was not a regular for the club at this stage.
Everton.
He moved south of the border to join Everton in 1893, making his debut on 18 March when, playing at inside right, he scored in a 4–2 victory at Wolverhampton Wanderers. That was his only appearance in the 1892–93 season in which Everton finished third in the table. The following season, he made six league appearances, scoring twice, following this up with five goals from 11 appearances in the 1894–95 season when Everton finished as runners-up behind Sunderland. During this season he remained third–choice striker behind England internationals, Fred Geary and Jack Southworth.
Following Southworth's retirement through injury and Geary's move to Liverpool, Hartley played more regularly although the arrival of Scotland international John Cameron prevented Hartley from claiming the centre-forward's berth as his own. In the 1895–96 season he made 15 appearances, scoring seven goals as Everton finished in third place followed by 14 appearances with six goals in the following season. 
In 1897 Everton reached the FA Cup Final with victories en route over Burton Wanderers (5–2), Bury (3–0), Blackburn Rovers (2–0) and Derby County (3–2). Hartley played in all five matches in the cup run, scoring against Blackburn (twice) and Derby. In the final Everton came up against Aston Villa who were dominating the Football League season. Although Everton took the lead after 28 minutes with goals from Jack Bell and Dickie Boyle, they were unable to prevent Villa claiming the Double with a 3–2 victory.
In the following season, he only made three appearances (scoring a hat-trick against Wolverhampton Wanderers on 18 September 1897) before moving across Stanley Park to join Liverpool in December.
In his five years at Everton, Hartley made 61 appearances, scoring 28 goals; his appearances were restricted due to the quality of forwards on Everton's books such as Geary, Southworth and Cameron as well as other internationals Alf Milward, Edgar Chadwick (both England) and Jack Bell (Scotland).
Liverpool.
Hartley stayed at Liverpool for the remainder of the 1897–98 season, making twelve appearances (seven league and five FA Cup) and scoring only once, the winning goal in a 2–1 away win at Sheffield United on 29 December 1897.
By now, Hartley was a member of the Association Footballers' Union which was trying to improve player's wages and contract terms. To improve his wages, Hartley decided to join Southampton.
Southampton.
Being members of the Southern League, Southampton were not bound by the restrictions imposed on Football League clubs and were quite willing to pay higher salaries for talented players. Southampton had just moved into their new stadium at The Dell and had signed England internationals Arthur Chadwick, Jack Robinson and Harry Wood as well as Scotland's Jacky Robertson.
Hartley was ever-present until injury forced him to sit out the last three matches of the 1898–99 season as Southampton claimed the Southern League title for the third consecutive year. Hartley's 14 league and two FA Cup goals made him joint top scorer for the season (with Harry Wood).
Hartley would place a hand-rolled cigarette behind his ear prior to kick-off and then smoke it in the changing room at half-time before re-taking the field.
Arsenal and Burnley.
Hartley moved to Woolwich Arsenal in July 1899 where he scored once in five appearances. He made his debut away to Walsall on 23 September 1899 and scored his only goal in a 2–1 win over Gainsborough Trinity on 14 October. However that same month Arsenal signed Ralph Gaudie from Sheffield United, who forced Hartley out of the side. Hartley was sold in December, moving back to Lancashire to join Burnley. His five goals from thirteen appearances were unable to prevent Burnley being relegated to the Second Division at the end of that season.
Later career.
After retiring from football in 1900, Hartley returned to live in Southampton. He took up employment with the London and South Western Railway but collapsed and died outside the pay office in Southampton Docks on 9 October 1909, aged only 37.

</doc>
<doc id="20844297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844297" title="James Shannon Morse">
James Shannon Morse

James Shannon Morse (1783 – February 21, 1881) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Amherst township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1818 to 1836.
He was born in Amherst, Nova Scotia, the son of Alpheus Morse and Theodora Crane. Morse studied law with Amos Botsford. In 1829, he married Augusta Agnew Kinnear. Morse served as a member of the province's Legislative Council from 1838 to 1843. He died in Amherst.

</doc>
<doc id="20844300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844300" title="Russian Poker">
Russian Poker

Russian Poker refers to a variant of casino poker.
Main Features.
1. Each box in play is dealt five cards. The dealer also receives five cards, but his last card is placed face up on the table.
2. The player can either fold and lose his ante, or continue playing by making a bet equal to twice the ante. Furthermore, the player has a right to buy a sixth card or exchange any number of his cards. The cost of a purchase or replacement is 1 ante. If the purchase or replacement doesn’t improve the player’s hand, he can fold and lose his ante.
3. If the player exchanges only one card, he gets the right to make repeated exchanges. When making a repeated exchange he can replace any one card. However, with each successive exchange the cost of a replacement increases by 1 ante. Therefore, the cost of exchanges increases in arithmetic progression: 1, 2, 3 and so on. A player can continue exchanges until the deck is exhausted.
4. The dealer qualifies with an Ace-King or better. If the dealer doesn’t qualify, the player receives the payout for the ante only (1:1). If the dealer qualifies, but the player’s combination is higher, the player is paid for the bet only (according to the standard payout table). The ante is not paid.
5. If the player has two separate combinations in his hand, he receives a payout for both of them. The rules regulating the formation of the second combination are described in "table 1".
6. The player with a combination of three-of-a-kind or better can insure himself against the dealer getting a non-qualifying hand.
7. If the dealer doesn’t qualify, the player may decline the winnings equal to the ante and instead replace the dealer’s highest card. The ante is removed from the box as a payment for this exchange. If the new card of the dealer is of the same rank as the old one, and he still doesn’t qualify, the exchange repeats. This repeated exchange is free, it may take place several times. If the dealer still doesn’t qualify after the exchange, the ante is not returned to the player and is not paid.
Basic Rules.
1. Before the cards are dealt, the player chooses which boxes he wants to play on and makes his ante. In addition to this basic bet on the box (or instead of it), the player can also make a bonus bet. With this bet, the player is betting that there will be a high poker combination (Three-of-a-Kind or better) in his original hand.
2. When dealing, the dealer places his final card face-up. After that, successive play on boxes begins. The cards on the open box are revealed, after which the result of the bonus bet is determined.
3. After looking at his cards, the player has four options: 
4. The cost of purchasing or replacement is equal to 1 ante. If the player purchases a sixth card or exchanges several cards, he has two options: 
If the player exchanges only one card, he gets an extra opportunity: 
The cost of the repeated exchange is equal to two antes. Since a player makes this exchange, he has to choose: to raise, to fold, or to exchange any card again. A player can exchange cards until the deck is exhausted, but each following exchange increases its cost by one ante.
5. Before raising the bet, the player can insure himself against the dealer getting a non-qualifying hand. The player can do this if he has a hand of Three-of-a-Kind or better. With this bet, the player is betting that the dealer will not qualify. The minimum size of the insurance is the ante, and the maximum is the prospective payout in the case if the player wins (including the payout for the second combination).
6. When the final decision has been made on all the boxes, the dealer reveals his cards. On those boxes where insurance was purchased, the result is determined by the following: 
7. If the dealer qualifies, his combination is compared to the ones on the boxes remaining in the game. If the dealer has a higher combination, the player loses the ante and bet. If the player’s combination is equal to the dealer’s one, the game ends in a draw and the ante and bet are returned to the player. If the player has the higher combination, the ante is returned to the player unpaid, and the payout for the bet is determined according to "table 2".
8. If the player has two winning combinations at once, both of them receive payouts. For example, with the cards AK996, he would be paid for both the pair of 9s and Ace-King. With the cards 987665 (after the purchase of the sixth card), the player would be paid for two straights. The rules regulating the formation of the second combination are described in t"able 1".
9. If the dealer doesn’t qualify, the player can receive his winnings on all boxes. In this case all of the antes are paid 1:1 and the bets are not paid. The player may also choose to exchange the dealer’s card. In this case the dealer’s highest card is exchanged and, as a result, he can get a qualifying hand. This exchange is advantageous when the player has a high poker combination because it provides a chance to significantly increase his winnings.
10. The game on the boxes where there wasn’t a request for an exchange then ends. If there was a request for an exchange on any of the boxes, the dealer’s highest card is exchanged. If the dealer then qualifies, the final results are determined on all boxes remaining in the game.
11. If, after exchanging the dealer’s card, he still doesn’t qualify, the game, as a rule, then ends. The ante is not paid and the bet is returned to the player. However, if the dealer’s new card is of the same rank as the card exchanged, and he still doesn’t qualify, the exchange repeats, i.e. the dealer’s highest card is exchanged once more. The repeated exchange is free, and can happen up to three times.
Here is an example of how this works. The dealer has the Ace of spades and four hearts and the player requests an exchange. The dealer’s highest card is exchanged, and instead of his Ace of spades, the dealer is dealt the Ace of clubs. The exchange is repeated for free, and this time the dealer is dealt the Ace of hearts. Now, the dealer has a Flush. The exchange then completes and the final result is determined.
Table 1. Formation of the Second Combination
Notes.
1. The second combination can only be the one. It must have at least one card that is not used in the primary combination. For example, in the hand AAKKx (Two Pair) the Ace-King would not count as a second combination.
2. The second combination is usually formed after the player purchases a sixth card. With a five card combination, the only possible second combination is the Ace-King. This can only happen if the player’s primary combination is a Pair, Two Pair, Three-of-a-Kind, or four-of-a-kind.
Table 2. Payout for the bet and the bonus bet
The payouts for the bonus bet can slightly differ in various casinos.

</doc>
<doc id="20844301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844301" title="William Cowper Alexander">
William Cowper Alexander

William Cowper Alexander (May 20, 1806 – August 23, 1874) was an American lawyer, politician, and insurance executive. He served as President of the New Jersey State Senate and as President of the Equitable Life Assurance Society.
Early life.
Alexander was born in 1806 in Prince Edward County, Virginia, the second son of noted Presbyterian theologian Archibald Alexander and his wife Janetta Waddel. His elder brother James Waddel Alexander (1804–1859) would also become a Presbyterian theologian and minister. Another brother, Joseph Addison Alexander (1809–1860), would become a biblical scholar. 
Alexander's father was president of Hampden-Sydney College in Virginia before being called to serve as minister of the Third Presbyterian Church in Philadelphia in 1807. The family then moved to Princeton, New Jersey when Archibald Alexander was named the first professor of the Princeton Theological Seminary in 1812.
Alexander graduated from the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University) in 1824 and was admitted to the bar of New Jersey as an attorney in 1828. He opened an office in Princeton and attended to his professional business there for about thirty years. He also joined the militia company known as the Princeton Blues and achieved the rank of colonel.
Political career.
Alexander never obtained his license as counsellor and took a greater interest in politics than law. He entered the New Jersey General Assembly in 1836 as a Democrat from Middlesex County (before the formation of Mercer County). In 1851 he succeeded Charles Smith Olden as a member of the New Jersey Senate from Mercer County, serving as president of that body for four terms.
In 1856 he was drafted to run as the Democratic candidate for Governor of New Jersey. He lost to the Republican candidate William A. Newell by less than 3,000 votes.
Alexander was a delegate to the 1860 Democratic National Convention and at the second Convention in Baltimore he received one vote for the Vice Presidency. He was a delegate to the Peace Conference of 1861, after which time he withdrew from political life and devoted himself to a career as a life insurance executive.
Business career.
Alexander was chosen President of the Equitable Life Assurance Society when it was organized in 1859. His brother, Presbyterian minister James Waddel Alexander, had become the patron of Equitable founder Henry Baldwin Hyde, and many of the company's original directors were members of Rev. Alexander's Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church.
Alexander did not assume an active role in management of Equitable business, leaving that to the much younger Hyde, who was named vice president and manager. Alexander served as president until his death at his New York City residence in 1874 at the age of 68. He was succeeded by Hyde and then by his nephew James Waddell Alexander (1839-1915) after Hyde's death in 1899.
Alexander never married. He was buried in the family plot at Princeton Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20844310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844310" title="Rudolf Pannier">
Rudolf Pannier

Rudolf Pannier was a Standartenführer (Colonel) and Oberst of Polizei in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Rudolf Pannier was born in Gera on the 10 July 1897. He volunteered for service with the Imperial German Army during World War I and saw service on both the Eastern and Western Fronts.
Interwar period.
Following the end of World War I, Pannier became a member of the Freikorps. He later joined the Schutzpolizei stationed in Hamburg.
World War II.
By the outbreak of World War II, Pannier had risen in rank to Hauptmann (Captain). During Operation Barbarossa, the invasion of the Soviet Union, he was a company commander in the 4th SS Polizei Division which was part of Army Group North. Awarded the Iron Cross (2nd class) in January 1942, he was awarded the Iron Cross again the following month, this time, the 1st class award.
Pannier was promoted to Sturmbannführer (Major) and Major of Schutzpolizei in May 1942, just prior to his award of the Knight's Cross for bravery in combat while in command of the I. Battalion, 2nd SS Polizei Schutzen Regiment. He was later promoted to the rank of Standartenführer (Colonel) and while recuperating from his wounds, received the German Cross in Gold.
In 1943 Pannier was given commanded of SS Jäger Battalion 500, a Waffen SS unit that specialized in anti-partisan warfare and was stationed in the Minsk area. This unit was disbanded in June 1944 and all its men sent as replacements to other Waffen-SS units, following which Pannier was given command of the 31st Waffen-Grenadier Regiment der SS, 14th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS Galicia (1st Ukrainian).
Pannier was again wounded on 9 April 1945, but survived the war.
Later life.
Pannier died on 19 August 1978 in Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20844314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844314" title="John King (athlete)">
John King (athlete)

John Stewart King (born 13 February 1963 in Chatham, Kent) is a retired English athlete who competed in the men's long jump event during his career. He represented Great Britain at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea, where he didn't reach the final. King was affiliated with Wolverhampton Wanderers & Bilston Athletic Club during his days.

</doc>
<doc id="20844343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844343" title="Ballon d'Or 2005">
Ballon d'Or 2005

The 2005 Ballon d'Or was delivered to the Brazilian midfielder Ronaldinho on 28 November 2005. On 24 October 2005, was announced the shortlist of 50 male players compiled by a group of experts from France Football. There were 52 voters, from Albania, Andorra, Armenia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, England, Estonia, Faroe Islands, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Israel, Italy, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Malta, Moldova, Netherlands, Northern Ireland, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Ireland, Romania, Russia, San Marino, Scotland, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, Ukraine, Wales and Yugoslavia. Each picked a first (5pts), second (4pts), third (3pts), fourth (2pts) and fifth choice (1pt).
Ronaldinho was the third Brazilian to win the award after Rivaldo (1999) and Ronaldo (2002). Petr Čech (Czech Republic) was the best ranked goalkeeper in the list with a 14th place. Paolo Maldini (Italy) was the best ranked defender (6th place), while Thierry Henry (France) was the best among the forwards (4th place).
Rankings.
Non-voted players.
Additionally, the following 26 players were nominated but received no votes: David Beckham (Real Madrid), Mauro Camoranesi (Juventus), Fabio Cannavaro (Juventus), Grégory Coupet (Lyon), Cris (Lyon), Deco (Barcelona), Dida (Milan), Emerson (Juventus), Luís Figo (Real Madrid, Internazionale), Diego Forlán (Villarreal), Roy Makaay (Bayern Munich), Michael Owen (Real Madrid, Newcastle United), Park Ji-Sung (PSV Eindhoven, Manchester United), Andrea Pirlo (Milan), Raúl (Real Madrid), Arjen Robben (Chelsea), Roberto Carlos (Real Madrid), Robinho (Real Madrid), Ronaldo (Real Madrid), Wayne Rooney (Manchester United), Lilian Thuram (Barcelona), David Trezeguet (Juventus), Mark van Bommel (PSV Eindhoven, Barcelona), Ruud van Nistelrooy (Manchester United), Patrick Vieira (Arsenal, Juventus), and Xavi (Barcelona).

</doc>
<doc id="20844349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844349" title="Roald Bradstock">
Roald Bradstock

Biography.
In 1981 Bradstock, aged 19, threw the senior men's 800 gram javelin 83.20m. He also won the silver medal at the European Junior Championships. He finished that year being ranked number two in the World Junior rankings behind Uwe Hohn of East Germany.
In 1985 he became the first British Javelin thrower to break the 90 meter barrier with the "Old Rule" javelin with a Commonwealth Record of 91.40m / 299 ft 10". The following year, in 1986, he became the first man in the world to surpass the 80m barrier with the "New Rule" javelin with a World Record Throw of 81.74m. In 1987 he improved on his mark with a throw of 83.84m / 275 ft 1".
In addition to being an Olympic athlete, Bradstock is also an Olympic artist dubbed "The Olympic Picasso".
In 2000 he won the United States Olympic Committee ( ) Sport Art Competition. His winning artwork was exhibited at the International Olympic Museum in Lausanne as part of the cultural activities leading up to the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games.
In 2003 Bradstock won the prestigious International Sports Artist of the Year. This award was given by the United States Sport Academy (USSA) and American Sport Museum and Archives (ASAMA)in recognition of Bradstock unique award winning style of art called "athletic abstraction".
In early 2006 he became a founding member of an Olympic revival movement called Art of the Olympians ( ). Other members of the small elite group of Olympian Artists included Olympic Icons Al Oerter, Bob Beamon, Florence Griffith-Joyner and Peggy Flemming.
In late 2006, after the BBC heard of an ambitious proposal Bradstock had for the 2012 London Organizing Committee of the Olympic Games ( ) which would combine Sport and Art in a revolutionary way and scale, he became nicknamed "The Olympic Picasso".
In December 2007 Bradstock began posting athletic and artistic videos on YouTube at "roald62". The videos range from the serious to the humorous. He is seen competing breaking national, international and world records in the javelin throw. He can also be seen throwing everything and anything from a dead fish on a beach across the Alabama / Florida State line to throwing a kitchen sink as part of a "Random objects throwing competition" that was held on an airport runway in England as part of a UK television series on Channel Four called the McCain Track and Field Show.
Some of Bradstock's throwing feats include: Throwing a vinyl records 112.10 meters, a golf ball 170 yards, a cell phone 132 yards, a soccer ball 82 yards and throwing an iPod classic 154 yards.
In 2008 Bradstock competed in his 7th Olympic Trials ( 4 UK Olympic Trials, 3 US Olympic Trials ). At age 46 he was the oldest competitor at the 2008 USATF Olympic Trials. Bradstock received international media attention while competing at the trials on July 4, 2008 but not for his age. He took three throws, wearing different, brightly coloured, hand painted outfits each time. He also threw three different hand painted javelins - each one matching a corresponding outfit.
In May 2009 Bradstock threw a World Age (47) Javelin Record of 72.49m.
In October 2009 the IAAF granted Bradstock a change in "Status" allowing him to compete again for his native country of Great Britain. Bradstock now has his sights set on making his 8th Olympic Trial in 2012 when he will be 50 years old.
Throughout the 2010 competitive season he broke 26 UK National age and age group records and set 3 World Age Records for a 48-year-old: 70.16m, 70.40m and 71.07m. He finished in 8th place at the 2010 UK Trials and the following week won the 2010 UK Masters Championships smashing the meet record with all 6 throws.
In June 2010 Bradstock's artistic accomplishments were recognized in a new international contemporary Sport Art book written by the American Sport Museum and Archives (ASAMA). The chapter on Bradstock is titled, "The Olympic Picasso".
On 8 January 2011 Bradstock threw in a competition in Clermont, Florida. This throw broke the 12-year-old UK Masters Record and broke his own World Age (48) Record. 
On 30 April 2011 in Radford, Virginia, he set a World Age (49) record of 70 m. Three weeks later in Tucson, Arizona on 19 May, he broke his UK Masters Record 3 more times and set 3 New World Age (49) records, too. His throws, measuring 72.32 m, 72.87 m and then 74.73 m pushed him up to number 3 on the 2011 UK Rankings—at that time. It also qualified him for his 8th Olympic Trials. He will be 50 years old when he competes in the 2012 UK Olympic Trials.
In the Spring of 2011 Bradstock was appointed Legacy Ambassador in the UK for the Youth Sport Trust's 2012 Sports Colleges Legacy Programme. This appointment came after working with the Youth Sport Trust for 2 years. During that time he gave lectures at a dozen Sports Colleges around England on the connection between Sport and Art.
On 2 June 2012 in Clermont, Florida Bradstock competed in his first competition as a 50-year-old. The result: He smashed the M50 World Age Group Record with a 700 javelin by over 5 meters with a throw of 76.15m. The previous record was 71.01 m thrown in 2007.
Three weeks later on 23 June 2012 Roald Bradstock threw in his 8th Olympic Trials in Birmingham, England. His first throw was another M50 World Age Group Record this time with an 800g javelin. His throw of 72.78m was over a 7 meter improvement on the existing World Record. The previous record was 65.76m held by Larry Stuart in 1988. Bradstock's throw won him silver medal at the trials where he was not only the oldest athlete in any event but became the oldest medalist in any event in 76 years since 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="20844356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844356" title="Miroslav Tanjga">
Miroslav Tanjga

Miroslav Tanjga (; born 22 July 1964) is a Serbian former football player.
Tanjga was in born in Vinkovci and grew up in the village of Stari Jankovci. After playing in the Yugoslav First League with several clubs, Dinamo Vinkovci, FK Vojvodina and Red Star Belgrade, he moved to first to Turkey (Fenerbahçe S.K., then to Germany in 1992, and played there the rest of his career, having represented Hertha BSC and 1. FSV Mainz 05.

</doc>
<doc id="20844367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844367" title="KL Hockey Club">
KL Hockey Club

The Kuala Lumpur Hockey Club (formerly known as Arthur Andersen & Ernst & Young), are the Malaysia Hockey League club from the city Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The team is led by Azlan Misron, a member of Malaysia national field hockey team.The club call as a citizens.
Kuala Lumpur Hockey Club is currently the most successful team in Malaysia Hockey League they won league thrice in season 2006-2007, 2007–2008 and 2008-2009 (as Ernst & Young HC) and also thrice in year 2009-2010, 2010-2011 & 2011-2012 (as Kuala Lumpur Hockey Club). The Kuala Lumpur Hockey Club is the biggest club in the Malaysia Hockey League history in Malaysia country . This club also play in the Asia competition such as and also many player from this club play at the World Cup and Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20844378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844378" title="Olive Mary Hilliard">
Olive Mary Hilliard

Olive Mary Hilliard (née Hillary) (4 July 1925 Durban) is a noted South African botanist and taxonomist. 
Hilliard attended Natal University in the years 1943-47 where she obtained an MSc and later a PhD. She worked at the National Herbarium in Pretoria in 1947-48 and was a lecturer in botany at Natal University from 1954 to 1962. In 1963 she became curator of the herbarium at Natal University and a research fellow. Her special fields of interest were the flora of Natal and the taxonomy of "Streptocarpus", Compositae and Scrophulariaceae. 
In 1964 she formed a professional and personal collaboration with Brian Laurence Burtt (1913-2008) who played a large part in the revitalising of a moribund Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh. Their collaboration resulted in numerous papers and three books, "Streptocarpus: an African Plant Study" (1971), "The Botany of the Southern Natal Drakensberg" (1987), and "Dierama: The Hairbells of Africa" (1991). 
Her collected specimens, mostly from the Natal Drakensberg and Malawi, number some 8 000 (of which 5 000 were collected with B. L. Burtt). She is commemorated in "Plectranthus hilliardiae" Codd, "Schizoglossum hilliardiae" Kupicha, "Cymbopappus hilliardiae" B.Nord., "Agalmyla hilliardiae" D.J.Middleton & S.M.Scott and "Helichrysum hilliardiae" Wild.

</doc>
<doc id="20844387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844387" title="Emma Smith Kennedy">
Emma Smith Kennedy

Emma Belle Smith Kennedy or "Emma Kennedy" (17 March 1869 – 3 May 1960) was a granddaughter of Joseph Smith, Jr., and daughter of his third surviving son, Alexander Hale Smith. In her lifetime she was highly regarded in the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (RLDS, now the Community of Christ) for several reasons: First, she was one of the earliest Latter Day Saints to return to Independence, Missouri after the American Civil War, when Latter Day Saints still faced some endangering prejudices. She was the first librarian for the historic RLDS Stone Church, and a regular contributor or commentator for the Saints Herald church magazine. Thirdly-—as with her grandfather, her uncle Joseph Smith III, her father, and other relatives in the Latter Day Saint movement-—Mrs. Kennedy over the years produced a number of writings, revelations and prophecies which circulated among church membership in her lifetime and afterward. A month before her eightieth birthday in 1949, Smith-Kennedy wrote in a letter to a relative:
Among other prophetic statements, she is credited with successfully predicting in mid-1947 that her Independence, Missouri neighbor Harry S Truman would win re-election in the U.S. Presidential Election of 1948, even though prevailing opinion of the era was that Truman would probably lose.
Two of Emma Smith Kennedy's earlier 'inspired writings' are contained in the book "Infallible Proofs," first published circa 1931. Also published in that book is a revelation produced by her father in 1900 which helps illustrate complicated dynamics involved among different Latter Day Saint factions in Independence Missouri in the early 20th century.
Later revelations produced by Mrs. Kennedy are more specific than those examples, a prophecy entitled ""Given Through The Spirit to Emma Smith Kennedy February 25, 1944"" reads:
From her obituary published in the local newspaper: ""...Mrs. Kennedy was born in Plano, Illinois...She had lived in Independence since she was a little girl. She was married to William Kennedy, a Canadian, in 1887 in Harrison County, Missouri. Mr. Kennedy was a blacksmith. Surviving are a daughter...a brother...a sister...three grandchildren and eight great-grandchildren...""
Mrs. Kennedy is mentioned in the August 1992 edition of the "Ensign" magazine, official periodical of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, in an article about Emma Hale Smith by Emma Belle Smith Kennedy's granddaughter, Gracia N. Jones, an author and geneaologist active in the LDS faction of the Latter-day Saint Movement, unlike her grandmother who was active in the rival Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints faction of the Latter Day Saint Movement 

</doc>
<doc id="20844396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844396" title="Sri Lankan cricket team in Bangladesh in 2008–09">
Sri Lankan cricket team in Bangladesh in 2008–09

The Sri Lankan cricket team toured Bangladesh between 21 December 2008 and 14 January 2009. The team played two Tests and took part in a three match One Day International tournament also featuring Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="20844400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844400" title="Robert Blair (politician)">
Robert Blair (politician)

Robert Blair (ca. 1782 – 1861) was an English-born judge and politician in Nova Scotia. He represented Cumberland County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1821 to 1825.
He was born in Castle Brommick, Warwickshire. Blair was named a justice in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas in 1820. He was elected to the provincial assembly in an 1821 by-election held after the death of George Oxley. Blair submitted his resignation in 1825 when he returned to England. However, when the assembly voted on the acceptance of his resignation, the motion was defeated so his seat remained empty until 1826. Blair died in Switzerland at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="20844408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844408" title="Wael El Hindi">
Wael El Hindi

Wael Hatem El-Hendy, () (born June 25, 1980 in Giza) is a professional squash player who represented Egypt. A PSA member since 1999, Wael El Hindi has long been regarded as one of Egypts most talented players - first making his mark in the USA in 1998 when he reached the final of the World Junior Championship as a 5/8 seed. Steady progress on the Tour saw the 28-year-old from Giza - who currently divides his time between Egypt and England - rise to a career-high world number 9 position in the world rankings in December 2007 after securing five PSA Tour titles from 10 final appearances.
Professional career.
El Hindi reached his first Tour final in Spain at the Trofeo Aquarius Open in October 1999 - but it was a further two years later, in the same country, that he claimed his maiden title at the Spanish Open in Tenerife, in September 2001. Early the following year, he won his first trophy on home soil at the El Ahly Open in Cairo.
In 2004, El Hindi began a love-affair with Malaysia where he won the Kuala Lumpur Open in February - then went on to reach the final of the Malaysian Open later in the year, and again in 2005, in both cases exceeding his seeding. His standout achievements in 2006 included home country success in the Heliopolis Open in August 2006 - when he made his breakthrough after beating Finland's second seed Olli Tuominen in the quarter-finals. The following month, unseeded, he burst into the last eight of the World Open - also in Egypt - after beating seeded compatriot Karim Darwish and England's Nick Matthew.
El Hindi began 2007 by again beating higher-seeded Darwish en route to a semi-final berth in the Canadian Classic in January. In April, he produced impressive performances in both the Kuwait Open and Qatar Classic (in Doha, featuring upsets over Anthony Ricketts and Lee Beachill) which saw him leap four places to make his top ten debut in May. In July, he successfully defended his Heliopolis Open crown after overcoming fellow Egyptians in each round - Mohd Ali Anwar Reda, Omar Elborolossy and Mohammed Abbas, then Karim Darwish in the final.
El Hindi's 2008 campaign began with a quarter-final berth in the Tournament of Champions in January, then the following month he exceeded his seeding in the Canadian Classic in Toronto, where he beat Australian Cameron Pilley to set up a surprise all-Egyptian semi-final line-up. In May, Wael made his debut in the Super Series Finals in London, where he beat Ong Beng Hee en route to recording a sixth-place finish. El Hindi credits his recent success to working on his fitness with British squash legend Jonah Barrington in England. He reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 8 in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20844410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844410" title="Bruno Walden">
Bruno Walden

Bruno Walden (14 December 1911 – 1946) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) and Major of Schutzpolizei in the Waffen-SS during World War II, who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Sturmbannführer Bruno Walden was awarded the Knight's Cross in January 1945, while in command of the III.2nd SS Polizei Regiment, 4th SS Polizei Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20844416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844416" title="Mochiwala">
Mochiwala

Mochiwala is located at 25 km from Jhang and 50 km from Faisalabad at Jhang Faisalabad road.It is central Headquarter of this area having all the facilities like education, health, union council office, police station and shopping market (Gojra Mor). Villages adjacent to Mochiwala are Chak No.168 Ghour Samore, Chak No 177, Chak No 213, Chak No 214, Chak No 181, Chak No 182, Chak No 183 and chak no 175 JB.

</doc>
<doc id="20844426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844426" title="Ahmed Mughal">
Ahmed Mughal

Ahmed Mughal (Sindhi: احمد مغل) is a popular Sindhi singer from Sindh, Pakistan. He is youngest brother of the popular Sindhi nationalist singer Sarmad Sindhi. Mughal sings all kinds of songs, from folk-songs to songs for his homeland . 

</doc>
<doc id="20844430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844430" title="Public Order (Badge of Honor) Russian Drama Theater">
Public Order (Badge of Honor) Russian Drama Theater

Public Order (Badge of Honor) Russian Drama Theater is a theatre located in Cheboksary, Chuvashia, Russia. It was founded on 14 December 1922.
History.
In the summer of 1918 in the house of a merchant of Cheboksary, was organized a Russian drama group. This group formed the basis of the troupe that opened the theatre in 1922. On 14 December 1922 started the first theatrical season of the Russian Drama Theater with the representation of "Vasilisa Melentyeva" based on the play by Alexander Ostrovsky. The first director of the theatre was I. A. Sloboda (Kukarnikov). In 1935, the theatre was directed by E. A. Tokmakov. From 1979 to 1989, as chief director worked M. Zilberman, then B. I. Nosovskiy, and now is Ashot Vaskonyan.
In 1952, for its 30th anniversary, and in 1972 for its 50th anniversary, the theatre was awarded by the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the Russian SFSR. On 9 December 1982 the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet awarded the Order of the Badge of Honour to the Russian Drama Theatre for its services in developing the theatrical art.

</doc>
<doc id="20844431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844431" title="Adrian Grant (squash player)">
Adrian Grant (squash player)

Adrian Grant, (born 6 October 1980 in London, United Kingdom) is a professional squash player from England. He reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 9 in August 2009. 
Grant finished as the runner-up at the British National Squash Championships in 2009 (losing in the final to Nick Matthew).

</doc>
<doc id="20844437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844437" title="Redoba">
Redoba

The redoba is a percussion instrument.
It consists of a wood block fixed to a belt and struck with sticks. A pair of blocks can be used to obtain two different musical notes. It is possible to dance and play at the same time. It is mainly used in conjunto norteño (music).

</doc>
<doc id="20844441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844441" title="Bill Kirchiro">
Bill Kirchiro

William "Bill" John Kirchiro is a former American football player. Kirchiro was selected in the seventh round of the 1962 NFL Draft and played in the National Football League for one season.
Kirchiro was born in 1940 in Bernardsville, New Jersey and attended Bernards High School. He attended college at the University of Maryland. There, he played football for the Maryland Terrapins as an offensive guard. In 1961, Kirchiro was named to the All-ACC second-team and received the James Tatum Memorial Award for the Maryland Terrapins' Lineman of the Year.
Kirchiro was selected in the seventh round of the 1962 NFL Draft by the St. Louis Cardinals. He instead went to play for the Baltimore Colts. During his only season in the NFL, Kirchiro played in eight games and recovered one opponent fumble.

</doc>
<doc id="20844442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844442" title="Aleksandar Kristić">
Aleksandar Kristić

Aleksandar Kristić (Serbian Cyrillic: Aлeкcaндap Kpиcтић ;born 5 October 1970 in Valjevo) is a former Serbian international footballer. He won the last edition of SFR Yugoslav First League in 1992. Also played twice in Serie A for Salernitana, and scored only goal 30 seconds after entering game on debut match, in victory 4-0 against Bologna.
He capped once for FR Yugoslavia against Argentina in 1998.
Coaching.
After retirement as a player, he gained experience coaching, OFK Beograd, and Hajduk Beograd. In 2008 he was appointed as assistant coach to Zdeněk Zeman in Red Star Belgrade, and remained in same position at the club even after the Czech's departure. He was the head coach of FK Napredak Kruševac.

</doc>
<doc id="20844452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844452" title="Mohammed Abbas">
Mohammed Abbas

Mohammed Abbas, (born December 24, 1980 in Giza) is a professional squash player who represented Egypt. He reached a career-high international ranking of World No. 13 in April 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20844463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844463" title="Edward James (judge)">
Edward James (judge)

Edward James (1757 – 16 July 1841) was an English-born judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Lunenburg County from 1793 to 1799, from 1806 to 1811 and from 1817 to 1818 and Lunenburg township from 1818 to 1826.
He was born in Southampton and came to New York state. He served as an officer in the King's Orange Raiders during the American Revolution. James went to Nova Scotia in 1780. James was sheriff for Lunenburg from 1797 to 1798. He also served as a justice of the peace. From 1823 to 1841, James was custos rotulorum and a justice in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas for Lunenburg County. He died in Lunenburg at the age of 84.
His grandson, also named Edward James, later served in the provincial assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20844466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844466" title="Tomoya Ito">
Tomoya Ito

Biography.
Biography References
Records.
As on December 2008

</doc>
<doc id="20844473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844473" title="Marigold Lorikeet">
Marigold Lorikeet

The Marigold LorikeetAKA Sumba Lorikeet
Overall, the Marigold Lorikeet resembles a faded Rainbow or Scarlet-breasted Lorikeet, with the blue to the head not as strongly demarcated and the chest ranging from orange-yellow to yellow. In addition to the nominate subspecies from Timor, it includes the subspecies "fortis" ("Edward's Lorikeet") from Sumba and "flavotectus" ("Wetar Lorikeet") from Wetar. It inhabits the edge of primary forest, secondary forest, woodland and plantations at altitudes below 500 m. on Timor, but at least up to 950 m. on Sumba. It remains fairly common, but its relatively small distribution could give cause for future concern. It has not been rated by BirdLife International and IUCN.

</doc>
<doc id="20844474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844474" title="Leaf Lorikeet">
Leaf Lorikeet

The Leaf Lorikeet ("Trichoglossus weberi"), also known as the Flores Lorikeet or Weber's Lorikeet, is a monotypic species of parrot that is endemic to the Indonesian island of Flores. It has often been considered a subspecies of the Rainbow Lorikeet, but following a review in 1997, it is increasingly treated as a separate species. 
Unlike all other members of the Rainbow Lorikeet group, the Leaf Lorikeet has an overall green plumage, with only a paler lime green chest and collar. With a total length of approximately 23 cm, it is the smallest member of the Rainbow Lorikeet group.
It inhabits the edge of primary forest, secondary forest, woodland and plantations at altitudes up to 1400 m. It remains fairly common, but its relatively small distribution could give cause for future concern. It has not been rated by BirdLife International and IUCN.

</doc>
<doc id="20844475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844475" title="Sunset Lorikeet">
Sunset Lorikeet

The Sunset Lorikeet ("Trichoglossus forsteni"), also known as the Scarlet-breasted Lorikeet or Forsten's Lorikeet, is a species of parrot that is endemic to the Indonesian islands of Bali, Lombok Sumbawa, Tanahjampea (between Sulawesi and Flores), and Kalaotoa (between Sulawesi and Flores). It has often been considered a subspecies of the Rainbow Lorikeet, but following a review in 1997, it is increasingly treated as a separate species. 
In addition to the nominate subspecies from Sumbawa, it includes the subspecies "mitchellii" ("Mitchell's Lorikeet") from Bali and Lombok, "djampeanus" ("Djampea Lorikeet") from the small island Tanahjampea, and "stresemanni" ("Stresemann's Lorikeet") from the small island Kalaotoa.
It is the darkest and arguably most strongly marked member of the Rainbow Lorikeet group, with a dark bluish head that contrasts strongly with a lime green nape and a deep scarlet (most subspecies) or deep orange (subspecies "stresemanni") breast, that again contrasts strongly with the dark bluish belly. 
It inhabits forest, woodland and plantations at altitudes below 1200 m. on Sumabwa, but up to 2150 m. on Lombok. 
It has not been rated by BirdLife International and IUCN, where still included in the Rainbow Lorikeet, but its small range combined with extensive habitat destruction and capture for the parrot trade gives cause for serious concerns. It remains fairly common on Sumbawa, but is scarce or rare elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="20844489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844489" title="Otto Prager">
Otto Prager

Otto Prager (3 December 1912 – 28 April 1945) was an Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Prager was awarded the Knight's Cross in December 1944 when in command of the 7th SS Polizei Panzer Grenadier Regiment, 4th SS Polizei Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20844496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844496" title="Musée de l'Arles et de la Provence antiques">
Musée de l'Arles et de la Provence antiques

The Musée de l'Arles antique or Musée départemental Arles antique or Musée de l'Arles et de la Provence antiques is an archeological museum housed in a modern building designed and built in 1995 by the architect Henri Ciriani, at Arles in the Bouches-du-Rhône "département" of France.
Exhibits.
The museum houses a large collection of antiquities, including monumental Roman sculptures from the local region. Among the exhibits is a model of the multiple overshot water mills which existed at Barbegal, and have been referred to as "the greatest known concentration of mechanical power in the ancient world".

</doc>
<doc id="20844517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844517" title="Carlo Dibiasi">
Carlo Dibiasi

Karl "Carlo" Dibiasi (October 19, 1909 – 1984) was an Italian diver who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Karneid, Austria–Hungary and died in Bolzano. He was the father of Klaus Dibiasi.
In 1936 he finished tenth in the 10 metre platform event.

</doc>
<doc id="20844526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844526" title="1999 Queensland 500">
1999 Queensland 500

The 1999 Queensland 500 was an endurance race for V8 Supercars held at the Queensland Raceway, near Ipswich, in Queensland, Australia on 19 September 1999. It was Round 12 of the 1999 Shell Championship Series and the inaugural running of the Queensland 500.
Results.
Qualifying.
Qualifying results:
Top ten shootout.
Top ten shootout results:
Race.
Level 1 teams raced in Class A.
Level 2 teams, usually referred to as privateers, raced in Class B.
Race results:

</doc>
<doc id="20844554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844554" title="Francis Joseph Rudolf">
Francis Joseph Rudolf

Francis Joseph Rudolf (May 10, 1761 – April 16, 1823) was a judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Lunenburg County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1811 to 1820.
He was born in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia, the son of Leonard Christopher Rudolf. In 1803, he married Mary Elizabeth Zwicker. Rudolf served as a justice of the peace and was custos rotulorum from 1819 to 1823. He was named a justice in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas in 1808. He died in Lunenburg at the age of 61.

</doc>
<doc id="20844555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844555" title="Muttam">
Muttam

Muttam () is a small village located in the Indian Kannur District of Kerala.
Religion.
There are nearly 15 Muslim Mosques in Muttam.
The nearest village to Muttam is Vengara, with a number of Temples.
The prevalent religion in Muttam is Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="20844560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844560" title="Jaan Pehechan Ho">
Jaan Pehechan Ho

Jaan Pehechan Ho is a popular Indian rock & roll song, composed by famous Indian music director duo Shankar Jaikishan, lyrics by Shailendra, and sung by Mohammed Rafi. It was produced for the 1965 Bollywood film "Gumnaam", directed by Raja Nawathe, produced by N.N. Sippy, and starring Manoj Kumar and Nanda. The song has been widely "remediated" in North American circulation.
The video.
The song's video introduces the movie to the audiences. It was shot in a disco and features Laxmi Chhaya. The choreography was by Herman Benjamin.
Ted Lyons and His Cubs.
The group "Ted Lyons and his Cubs" playing the song can also be seen in 1964 film Jaanwar playing "Dekho Ab To" (a cover version of I Want to Hold Your Hand by Beatles) and Tasveer (starring Feroz Khan), Love Marriage (starring Dev Anand), Bedaag (starring Manoj Kumar), Shehnai and Mere Sanam (both starring Vishwajeet). The dancer/choreographer Oscar Unger can also be seen in most of them.
Popular culture.
The song appears in the opening credits of the 2001 movie "Ghost World". In an interview, Ghost World writer Daniel Clowes mentions that he obtained his 20th generation copy of the scene from someone who had been housesitting for Peter Holsapple, guitarist and songwriter for The dB's, and he copied it from Peter's collection. Then they approached the sons of the producers and acquired the rights to use the song in the movie. The "Ghost World DVD" features the entire music video from the movie.
The song, with similar costumes and choreography, also appears in the Cullberg Ballet's rendition of "Ekman’s Triptych".
The song was also used for Heineken's 2011 "The Date" commercial.
In 2012, a cover of the song was included by The Bombay Royale in their debut album "You Me Bullets Love".

</doc>
<doc id="20844580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844580" title="Frank Hill (rugby union)">
Frank Hill (rugby union)

Frank Hill (13 January 1866-20 April 1927) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Cardiff. Hill won 15 caps for Wales over a period of ten years and was given the team captaincy on four occasions. 
Hill was baptised as Alperus Frank Hill according to parish records in Llandaff, and was later educated at Clifton College. He was a solicitor by trade, and had a practice on Cardiff High Street.
International career.
Hill was first selected for Wales in a match against Scotland as part of the 1885 Home Nations Championship. Under the captaincy of Newport's Charlie Newman, the game was a dull scorless draw caused by Welsh attempts to kill the game at any opportunity. Hill played in both Welsh matches of the 1886 Championship, but was not chosen during the next year's tournament. In 1888 Hill experienced his first international win, when he was part of the Wales team that beat Scotland at Rodney Parade. Wales won by a single try, scored by Thomas Pryce-Jenkins in the first half before using the same spoiling tactics they employed in 1885 to prevent Scotland from scoring. 
In December 1888, Hill was selected to captain Wales against the first Southern Hemisphere touring team to Britain when he faced the New Zealand Māoris. Wales employed the four threequarters system during the game, the first time since it was abandoned after the failure of the tactic against Scotland in 1886. The Welsh were victorious and Hill was given the captaincy for the opening game of the 1889 Home Nations Championship to Scotland. Wales lost the game and Hill was replaced for the final game of the season to Ireland by Daniel Griffiths. Hill regained his position and his captaincy in the first match of the 1890 tournament, though missed the away match to England. When he was reselected for the final game of the championship the captaincy was passed to Arthur Gould.
Hill missed the next two tournaments, before playing the entirety of the 1893 tournament which saw Wales win all their matches to take the Triple Crown for the first time. The next season was Hill's last as an international player and although only one of the team that won the Triple Crown the previous year was not reselected, the team was not harmonious. Gould and Hill fell out over scrummaging tactics against England, causing Hill to work against his own packleader, Jim Hannan, resulting in a massive English victory. Hill's final game was a loss to Ireland in Belfast, in which Hill was given the captaincy.
International matches played.
Wales
As referee.
In 1889 Hill refereed the encounter between Oxford University and the touring New Zealand Māoris.

</doc>
<doc id="20844587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844587" title="White Christmas (food)">
White Christmas (food)

White Christmas is an Australian dessert.
It is a mixture of raisins, glacé cherries, desiccated coconut, icing sugar, milk powder and rice bubbles, with hydrogenated coconut oil (such as the brand Copha) as the binding ingredient.
The hydrogenated oil is melted and combined with the dry ingredients. The mixture is poured into a rectangular baking tin and left to set, usually in the refrigerator. Once set it is cut into squares for eating.
It is a popular Christmas food item, especially as it can easily be made by children.

</doc>
<doc id="20844588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844588" title="Adenanthos obovatus">
Adenanthos obovatus

Adenanthos obovatus, commonly known as basket flower or jugflower, is a shrub of the plant family Proteaceae endemic to Southwest Australia. Described by French naturalist Jacques Labillardière in 1805, it had first been collected by Archibald Menzies in 1791. Within the genus "Adenanthos", it lies in the section "Eurylaema" and is most closely related to "A. barbiger". "A. obovatus" has hybridized with "A. detmoldii" to produce the hybrid "A. × pamela". Several common names allude to the prominent red flowers of the species. It grows as a many-stemmed spreading bush up to 1 m (3 ft) high, and about 1.5 m (5 ft) across, with fine bright green foliage. Made up of single red flowers, the inflorescences appear from April to December, and peak in spring (August to October).
The shrub grows on sandy soils in seasonally wet lowland areas as well as hills and dunes. It regenerates after bushfire by resprouting from its underground lignotuber. Pollinators include honeyeaters, particularly the Western Spinebill, which can access the nectar with its long curved bill, and the Silvereye, which punctures the flower tube. The most commonly cultivated "Adenanthos" species in Australia, it has a long flowering period and attracts honeyeaters to the garden. It is harvested for the cut flower industry.
Description.
The growth habit of "Adenanthos obovatus" is that of a lignotuberous shrub, with many stems arising from a single underground lignotuber. It typically reaches about 1 m (3 ft) in height, and about 1.5 m in width, but plants occasionally reach a height of 2 m (7 ft).
The leaves of this species are bright green, oval in shape, up to 20 mm (0.8 in) long and 15 mm (0.6 in) wide, sessile, and arranged in a spiral pattern on the branches. The flowers appear steadily between April and December, and are most frequent between August and October. They are red or orange, and emerge from the leaf axils. They are usually solitary, but occasionally an axil will carry two flowers. As with other Proteaceae species, each flower consists of a perianth of four united tepals, and a single style. In "A. obovatus", the perianth is around 25 mm (1 in) long, and the style around 40 mm (1.6 in). Although the flowering period is lengthy (six months), there are generally only a few flowers at any one time, and a seven-year study at Harry Waring Marsupial Reserve south of Perth revealed fairly constant flowering from year to year, even when shrubs were cut back to ground level to simulate a bushfire.
The species is very similar to "A. barbiger". There are obvious differences in typical leaf shape, with leaves of most populations of "A. barbiger" being very much longer and narrower than those of "A. obovatus". However, leaf shape is variable in both species, and some southern populations of "A. barbiger" have leaves that are indistinguishable from those of "A. obovatus". The most systematically important properties by which the two may be distinguished are the shape of the perianth limb, which is rounded in "A. obovatus" and pointed in "A. barbiger"; the bracts, glabrous versus hirsute; and the style-ends, which are green and scarlet respectively. The species also differ slightly in range of flower colours: "A. barbiger" has scarlet to bright red flowers, whereas "A. obovatus" flowers are scarlet to orange.
Taxonomy.
Discovery and naming.
The first known botanical specimen collection of "A. obovatus" was made by Scottish surgeon and naturalist Archibald Menzies during the visit of the Vancouver Expedition to King George Sound in September and October 1791. However, this collection did not result in publication of the species. Other early collections include a specimen collected by Scottish botanist Robert Brown during the visit of HMS "Investigator" to King George Sound in December 1801 and January 1802; and, thirteen months later, King George Sound specimens collected by Jean Baptiste Leschenault de la Tour, botanist to Nicolas Baudin's voyage of exploration, and "gardener's boy" Antoine Guichenot. In his notes on vegetation published in the official account of the expedition, Leschenault writes:
The species with rounded leaves was "A. obovatus".
A description of the species was published by Jacques Labillardière in his 1805 "Novae Hollandiae Plantarum Specimen", accompanied by a figure drawn by Pierre Antoine Poiteau and engraved by Auguste Plée. Labillardière chose the specific name "obovata", in reference to the leaves of his specimen, which were obovate (egg-shaped, with the narrow end at the base). This leaf shape is often seen in this species. The term "obovata" derives from the Latin "ob-" ("inverse") and "ovum" ("egg"), and has feminine gender, consistent with the gender assigned by Labillardière to the genus.
Labillardière did not acknowledge any collector, and so it was long thought that Labillardière himself had collected the first botanical specimens in 1792 while naturalist to Bruni d'Entrecasteaux's expedition in search of the lost ships of Jean-François de Galaup, comte de La Pérouse. However, this and eight other species described by Labillardière do not occur in any locations that he visited, suggesting that he obtained specimens from someone else whom he failed to credit. Though he did not specify a type specimen for "A. obovata", a specimen upon which the accompanying figure in "Novae Hollandiae Plantarum Specimen" appears to be based has been located; it is annotated, apparently in Labillardière's hand, as having been collected by Leschenault. Ernest Charles Nelson states with certainty that Labillardière based this species on specimens collected by Leschenault, and this view has been accepted by some scholars though others treat it more cautiously.
Infrageneric placement.
In 1870, George Bentham published the first infrageneric arrangement of "Adenanthos" in Volume 5 of his landmark "Flora Australiensis". Bentham divided the genus into two sections, placing "A. obovata" in "A." sect. "Eurylaema", defined as containing those species with one sterile stamen, and perianth tubes that are curved and swollen above the middle.
A phenetic analysis of the genus undertaken by Ernest Charles Nelson in 1975 yielded results in which the members of "A." sect. "Eurylaema" occurred together, with "A. obovata" appearing most closely related to "A. barbigera" (now "A. barbiger"), and then "A. detmoldii". "A. obovata" was therefore retained in "A." sect. "Eurylaema" in Ernest Charles Nelson's 1978 revision of "Adenanthos", and again in his 1995 treatment of the genus for the "Flora of Australia" series. By this time, the ICBN had issued a ruling that all genera ending in "-anthos" must be treated as having masculine gender. Hence the species is now known as "Adenanthos obovatus". Its placement in Nelson's arrangement of "Adenanthos" may be summarised as follows:
Hybrids.
"Adenanthos obovatus" hybridises with "A. detmoldii" to produce "A." × "pamela". Known only from road verges in the Scott River region, it was first discovered in 1979, and it is now known from more than twenty individual plants. The discovery of it in such large numbers, together with its recognised horticultural potential, prompted Nelson to formally describe and name it in 1986. Morphologically it is intermediate between its parents; that is, taller than "A. obovatus", with longer leaves and light red flowers. It is fertile, raising the possibility of the establishment of a hybrid swarm.
It is also possible that "A. obovatus" infrequently hybridises with "A. barbiger": in 1921, Carl Hansen Ostenfeld described "A. intermedia" (now "A. intermedius"), based on specimens found near Ngilgi Cave at Yallingup with leaf shape intermediate between these two species. The new species was rejected in 1924 by Charles Gardner, and again in the 1970s by Nelson, who argued that leaf shape is inappropriate grounds for erecting a new species in this context, and that, in terms of systematically important characteristics, "A. intermedius" is indistinguishable from "A. barbiger". He therefore synonymized "A. intermedius" with "A. barbiger", but noted the possibility that "A. intermedius" is of hybrid origin. Recently, however, a specimen collected by Greg Keighery was held to represent a new species, provisionally named ""A. barbiger" subsp. "intermedius" (Ostenf.) Keighery ms" (later revised to ""Adenanthos" sp. Whicher Range (G.J. Keighery 9736)"), suggesting that Keighery, at least, does not consider "A. intermedius" to be of hybrid origin.
Common names.
Common names for this species include "basket flower", "glandflower", "jugflower" and "stick-in-the-jug". In the King George Sound vicinity the Aboriginal name "Cheeuk" is sometimes used.
Distribution and habitat.
Abundant and widespread, "A. obovatus" occurs on a wide range of soils, favouring soils in the acidic pH range 3.9–5.4. Like most "Adenanthos" species it is common on deeply leached siliceous sandplain sand. It also occurs on gravelly quartz sand derived from rock outcrops, such as on the rocky hillslopes of the Stirling Range. It is rarely found on gravelly lateritic soils. It is also one of the few "Adenanthos" species to grow well in moist environments; it will not tolerate seasonal waterlogging—that niche is filled by "A. detmoldii"—but thrives in damp soils not subject to waterlogging.
Consistent with these edaphic preferences, "A. obovatus" is widespread and common in the scrub and heath commonly found on the sandplains of Southwest Australia, and is also common in the sedgelands that develop in moister areas of the region. It is uncommon in forest or woodland areas, because these are usually associated with lateritic soils; but it may be found in stands of jarrah or marri forest where these grow in laterite-free sand. The climate in its range is mediterranean, with annual rainfall from 625–1250 mm (25–49 in).
The species occurs in coastal regions of Southwest Australia, from Gingin and Muchea north of Perth south to Augusta and east along the south coast to Green Range, east of Albany. It also occurs in the Stirling Range, a possible disjunction; and at Narrogin, a certain and substantial disjunction. Nelson tentatively explains these disjunct populations in terms of natural climate fluctuations: during times of higher rainfall, the distribution of "A. obovatus" would have been much more extensive. Reductions in rainfall would cause the distribution to contract, but isolated populations could survive in favourable refugia.
Ecology.
The Western Spinebill ("Acanthorhynchus superciliosus") is the most frequent visitor to the flowers. A territorial species, the territories are smaller when they contain more "Adenanthos obovatus" bushes. Their long curved bills fit the tube-like flowers exactly, so that the pollen-presenter brushes against the spinebill's head while it is probing for nectar. The birds then carry pollen from plant to plant, fertilising other plants. A field study marking the pollen with fluorescent dye found that pollen could be deposited on flowers of plants up to 20 metres (70 ft) away from the original flower visited. The New Holland Honeyeater ("Phylidonyris novaehollandiae") and Brown Honeyeater ("Lichmera indistincta") have also been recorded with pollen from "A. obovatus". The Silvereye ("Zosterops lateralis") drinks nectar from the flowers, but punctures the tube with its short bill. Larger honeyeaters in one field study tended to avoid "A. obovatus", possibly seeking sources of more abundant nectar elsewhere. These species are too heavy for the fine branches and their bills are too large for the tubes.
"Adenanthos obovatus" has been recorded as a source of nectar for the Honey Possum ("Tarsipes rostratus") in winter and spring (early June to September), from field studies in the Scott National Park, replaced by "A. meisneri" in late spring and summer (late October to February).
"Adenanthos obovatus" is highly susceptible to dieback caused by the water mould "Phytophthora cinnamomi". Specimens in coastal dune vegetation were reported killed by the fungus "Armillaria luteobubalina", with mycelial sheaths of the fungus beneath the bark of the root collar.
Cultivation.
Described by Ken Newbey as "an outstanding ornamental species with average foliage and very attractive in flower", "A. obovatus" was first grown in Great Britain in 1824, and is the most commonly cultivated "Adenanthos" species in Australia. It flowers for most of the year, is an excellent attractor of honeyeaters, and grows in a range of climates. Propagation is by cuttings of the current season's growth, from which it strikes readily, and subsequently makes fairly quick growth. Despite its natural occurrence in damp locations, in cultivation it grows best in a light, well-drained soil. It prefers a sunny aspect. Regular hard pruning is recommended to maintain an attractive form. Wildflowers of this species are harvested by licensed pickers in the cut flower industry, for sale in both local and export markets. The long, curved stems with flowers in the leaf axils have been described as "excellent for picking".

</doc>
<doc id="20844602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844602" title="William O'Brien (Nova Scotia politician)">
William O'Brien (Nova Scotia politician)

William O'Brien (June 25, 1782 – September 23, 1851) was a political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Hants County from 1820 to 1826 and from 1834 to 1836 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was born in Noel, Nova Scotia, the son of Isaac O'Brien and Mary Denny. In 1807, he married Jane F. Johnson. In 1809, he married Ann Putnam. He died in Noel at the age of 69.

</doc>
<doc id="20844608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844608" title="Iku (singer)">
Iku (singer)

Iku is a Japanese pop singer who is signed to Geneon Entertainment Inc. She debuted in 2008 with on March 19. Iku is only part of Geneon but not I've Sound.

</doc>
<doc id="20844617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844617" title="Peter Welsh (athlete)">
Peter Welsh (athlete)

Robert Peter Welsh (born 16 July 1943, in Dunedin, Otago) is a former 3000 meters steeplechase runner from New Zealand. In 1966 he competed for his native country at the Commonwealth Games in Kingston, Jamaica, winning the gold medal in the 3000m steeplechase event. He also competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="20844620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844620" title="Mohra Muradu">
Mohra Muradu

Mohra Muradu () is the place of an ancient Buddhist stupa and monastery near the ruins of Taxila, in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The ancient monastery is located in a valley and offers a beautiful view of the surrounding mountains. The monks could meditate in all stillness at this place but were near enough to the city of Sirsukh to go for begging as it is only around 1.5 km away. 
The city was built in the 2nd century CE and renovated in the 5th century. Thus it belongs to the Kushan age.
The ruins consist of three distinct parts, which include the main stupa, a votive stupa and the monastery and have been included in the world heritage list of the UNESCO since 1980 under Taxila.
Excavation.
The ruins of Mohra Muradu were excavated under the supervision of Sir John Marshall by Abdul Qadir in 1914-1915. They consist of a buddhistic monastery and two stupas. The main stupa is built on a foundation more than 4.75 meters high. The smaller, votive, stupa lies behind the bigger one.
The monastery.
The monastery consists of 27 rooms for the students and the teachers built around a courtyard with a pool. The large, square shaped pool contained water for ritual washings and was about half a metre deep. Stairs to the pool were present on all sides. The monastery also contained a kitchen and a well for water that still functions today. The rain water was collected into the pool from the roof of the monastery over wooden extensions. Statues of Buddha are found abundantly in the courtyard and the rooms for the students. An assembly hall is also present in one corner of the monastery.
The monastery was a double story building. Stairs to the upper story went through one of the rooms. There was additional connection through wooden constructions from the courtyard. The strength of the walls has, however, led to the idea that there might have existed even a third story.
The monument.
The monument is found in one of the rooms of the monastery. It was probably dedicated to the memory of one of the teachers who used to live in the room where it is located. The umbrellas were once colored. The monument is about 4 meters high.

</doc>
<doc id="20844622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844622" title="Pinhal Interior Sul Subregion">
Pinhal Interior Sul Subregion

Pinhal Interior Sul is a Portuguese subregion, in Centro region, Portugal. Its main town is Sertã.

</doc>
<doc id="20844627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844627" title="The Act of Creation">
The Act of Creation

The Act of Creation is a 1964 book by Arthur Koestler. It is a study of the processes of discovery, invention, imagination and creativity in humour, science, and the arts. It lays out Koestler's attempt to develop an elaborate general theory of human creativity.
From describing and comparing many different examples of invention and discovery, Koestler concludes that they all share a common pattern which he terms "bisociation" – a blending of elements drawn from two previously unrelated matrices of thought into a new matrix of meaning by way of a process involving comparison, abstraction and categorisation, analogies and metaphors. He regards many different mental phenomena based on comparison (such as analogies, metaphors, parables, allegories, jokes, identification, role-playing, acting, personification, anthropomorphism etc.), as special cases of "bisociation".
The concept of bisociation has been adopted, generalised and formalised by cognitive linguists Gilles Fauconnier and Mark Turner, who developed it into conceptual blending theory.
Book One: The Art of Discovery and the Discoveries of Art.
The Act of Creation is divided into two books. In the first book, Koestler proposes a global theory of creative activity encompassing humour, scientific inquiry, and art. Koestler's fundamental idea is that any creative act is a "bisociation" (not mere association) of two (or more) apparently incompatible frames of thought. Employing a spatial metaphor, Koestler calls such frames of thought "matrices": "any ability, habit, or skill, any pattern of ordered behaviour governed by a 'code' of fixed rules." Koestler argues that the diverse forms of human creativity all correspond to variations of his model of bisociation.
In jokes and humour, the audience is led to expect a certain outcome compatible with a particular matrix (e.g. the narrative storyline); a punch line, however, replaces the original matrix with an alternative to comic effect. The structure of a joke, then, is essentially that of bait-and-switch. In scientific inquiry, the two matrices are fused into a new larger synthesis. The recognition that two previously disconnected matrices are compatible generates the experience of eureka. Finally, in the arts and in ritual, the two matrices are held in juxtaposition to one another. Observing art is a process of experiencing this juxtaposition, with both matrices sustained.
According to Koestler, many bisociative creative breakthroughs occur after a period of intense conscious effort directed at the creative goal or problem, in a period of relaxation when rational thought is abandoned, like during dreams and trances. Koestler affirms that all creatures have the capacity for creative activity, frequently suppressed by the automatic routines of thought and behaviour that dominate their lives.
Book Two: Habit and Originality.
The second book of The Act of Creation aims to develop a biological and psychological foundation for the theory of creation proposed in book one. Koestler found the psychology of his day (behaviorism, cognitivism) portraying man merely as an automaton, disregarding the creative abilities of the mind. Koestler draws on theories of play, imprinting, motivation, perception, Gestalt psychology, and others to lay a theoretical foundation for his theory of creativity.

</doc>
<doc id="20844631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844631" title="Originality (song)">
Originality (song)

"Originality" is a song by Nigerian R&B singer Faze, which he wrote, recorded and mastered in one day [http://www.vanguardngr.com/content/view/23961/81/]. The song was produced by Waz Beat for Faze's third studio album, "Originality" (2008). "Originality" is a song that praises and reminds people about past legends and heroes and the performer in this song references himself in the lyrics saying 'One day una go hala my name O'.
Originality was the last written and recorded single off the platinum selling "Originality" album. The song was released as the first single from the album in August 2008. The single topped various charts around the Nigeria, including the Vanguards super 7 songs for five non-consecutive weeks, as well globa countdown. Originality is well received by critics and is set to get awards and nominations.
Background and writing.
When Faze planned to make a new record after his second album multi-platinum album "Independent", he was left with the thought of not having the main hit single to promote the album and then came "Originality", which was written, recorded and mastreed in one day. This landmarks is rear in Nigeria.
Indeed Faze tried something new dropping some old producers and making use of young producers like Waz Beat (22yrs of age), J.Sleek etc. and fortunately came Originality's beat from Waz Beat 'one of Faze's best songs ever'.
Faze would quickly record a remix which is on track 9 of the album to further promote his already growimg hit as at the time.
Composition and theme.
"Originality" is a hip-hop& Reggae influenced song with a ground breaking beat that keeps you entertained until it's all over. It can be best said to be an affirmation song that shows that Faze is one of the best Nigerian artistes of all times.
The lyrics are constructed in the traditional verse-chorus form. It continues to the chorus, following the second verse and chorus. The third verse follows, leading to a more strong vocal and finalizing in the chorus and roaring of 
Faze's name as an appraisal that he would also be a legend and sang about.
He also pays respect to some dead artistes like Bob Marley, Lucky Dube, Brenda Farsie, Osita Osadebe, Oliver De Coke, Orlando Owoh and more.
Release.
"Originality" was released to radio stations in August, 2008 as the first single off the much anticipated album Originality (it went on to be tag 'The Most Anticipated Album of the Year 2008'). The single was released through his personal record label Independent Entertainment, produced by Waz Beat and mixed by Indomix all in a day.
As at October the single had reached all radio station, reaching the status of a Super-Hit entering all charts in country.
Reception and chart performance.
Originality is a well received song by crictics and fans alike and is referenced as the best song in the album as well, One of the biggest hits of 2008. By entering all charts in the country and peaking in #1 in most of them it simply means "Originality" was nothing but a ground breaking hit and a cracker. As at February, 2011 it had received a total of over 200,000 views on youtube.com [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iQnAe28DRQ&feature=related]
Some new artists on channels such as Nigezie have imitated Faze's Originality lyrics and concept making reference to a lot of legends of the game and believing they would become one in the future.
References.
[http://www.vanguardngr.com/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=16787&Itemid=81] 
[http://www.vanguardngr.com/content/view/23961/81/]

</doc>
<doc id="20844632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844632" title="V8 Supercar Hall of Fame">
V8 Supercar Hall of Fame

The V8 Supercar Hall of Fame was instituted in 1999 with the first running of the V8 Supercars Championship Series, initially known as the Shell Championship Series. It was established to recognise the efforts of past champions and prominent figures within the sport. The initial inductees were five-time Australian Touring Car Champion, Ian Geoghegan and four-time champion Allan Moffat. All of the drivers inducted have either been Australian Touring Car Champions or multiple winners of the Bathurst 1000 race. No V8 Supercar champion has yet to be awarded with an induction. Two former drivers were inducted each year until 2002 when only one driver was inducted. No-one was inducted in 2003 with two inducted in 2004. Since then there has again only been one inductee. 2005 saw the controversial inclusion of an event instead of a driver, in the Adelaide 500, the now traditional season opening event. The most recent inductee was V8 Supercar driver, Jason Richards.
Inductees.
As listed by V8 Supercar:

</doc>
<doc id="20844642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844642" title="Khalid A. Al-Falih">
Khalid A. Al-Falih

Khalid A. Al-Falih, ( "" born 1960 - ) is a well known Saudi business executive and the current President and CEO of Saudi Aramco.
Early Life and Education.
Falih was born in 1960 in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. He was raised in Dammam. He attended Texas A&M University in College Station, earning a B.S. degree in mechanical engineering in 1982 and later pursued an MBA at King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals, which he completed in 1991.
Professional career.
Early years at Aramco: 1979 - 2008.
Al-Falih joined Saudi Aramco "(formerly, Aramco)" in 1979. For over several years, he held positions of increasing responsibility and in 1992, he joined the Consulting Services Department (CSD). He supervised several technical units, mainly the Mechanical and Civil Systems Division and was named manager of CSD in January 1995. He was assigned as manager, Ras Tanura Refinery Maintenance Department in late 1995; and by 1998; manager, Business Analysis Department.
In July 1999, he became president of Petron Corporation, a joint venture between Saudi Aramco and the Philippine National Oil Company. He returned to the Kingdom in September 2000 to serve as vice chairman on the Saudi Aramco Study Team for Upstream Gas Ventures, until his appointment as vice president of Gas Ventures Development and Coordination in May 2001. He played an instrumental role in the negotiations with the international oil companies (IOCs) & other major national oil companies (NOCs) in connection with the Kingdom's Natural Gas Initiative. Ultimately, four joint ventures, namely - South Rub' al-Khali Company (SRAK), Luksar Energy, Sino Saudi Gas & EniRepSa Gas were consummated between Saudi Aramco and various leading IOCs, Nocs and emerging oil companies.
In October 2004, Al-Falih was appointed to the Board of Directors of Saudi Aramco. He also served as chairman of the board of the South Rub' al-Khali joint venture between Shell, Total and Saudi Aramco.
CEO of Saudi Aramco: 2009 - Present.
In Nov 2008, the then president and CEO of Saudi Aramco, Abdallah S. Jum'ah decided to retire and Khalid A. Al-Falih, who was serving as executive vice president of Operations was appointed as the new president and CEO of the company effective January 1, 2009.
Personal life.
Al-Falih was raised in Dammam, Saudi Arabia and currently resides in Dhahran. He is married to Najah Al-Garawi from Saudi Arabia. His sons Abdulaziz and Hesham are studying in the United States.
Public life and board memberships.
He is active in many social programs, and previously served as chairman of the Dammam City Municipal Council. His board memberships in other community-focused organizations include the Technical and Vocational Training Corporation, the Prince Sultan Bin Abdul Aziz Fund for Supporting Small Business Projects for Women, and the Eastern Province Society for the Handicapped.
He is a founding member of King Abdullah University of Science and Technology and serves as a member of its Board of Trustees. He sits on the Board of Directors of U.S.-Saudi Arabian Business Council and also serves as a member of the JP Morgan International Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20844646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844646" title="Laurence Kavanagh, Jr.">
Laurence Kavanagh, Jr.

Laurence Kavanagh (1789 – June 22, 1862) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Cape Breton County from 1830 to 1836 and Richmond County from 1836 to 1840 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
Kavanagh was the son of Laurence Kavanagh and Felicité LeJeune. Kavanagh was involved in the fishing trade. Around 1820, he married Catherine Murphy. He died in St. Peter's, Nova Scotia at the age of 73.

</doc>
<doc id="20844648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844648" title="Predrag Jovanović (footballer)">
Predrag Jovanović (footballer)

Predrag Jovanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Пpeдpaг Joвaнoвић ;born 11 August 1965 in Belgrade) is a retired Serbian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20844649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844649" title="Epistolae Ho-Elianae">
Epistolae Ho-Elianae

Epistolae Ho-Elianae (or Familiar Letters) is a literary work by the 17th-century Anglo-Welsh historian and writer, James Howell. It was mainly written when Howell was in the Fleet Prison, during the 1640s; but its content reflects earlier travels he made from 1616 on behalf of a London glass factory. It appeared in three volumes from 1645 to 1650. A fourth volume was added in a collected edition of 1655. 
It has been suggested that some of the letters are fictional. The selection of the recipients has also been attributed to patronage relationships. A "Mrs. A. W." who occurs as recipient has been fitted to another letter by Howell to provide a tentative deductive identification of the author of "A Continuation of Sir Philip Sydney's Arcadia" (1651) as Anna Weamys, who is not otherwise traced as a writer.
As travel literature, Howell's work largely neglects scenic description. But some of the language used has been described as a possible source for the work of Joshua Poole on epithets. 
The fourth edition (1678) was published by Thomas Guy, and profits went to founding Guy's Hospital in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20844652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844652" title="Trevor Vincent">
Trevor Vincent

Trevor Anthony Vincent (born 27 April 1938) is a former 3000 meters steeplechase runner from Australia. In 1962 he competed for his native country at the Commonwealth Games in Perth, Western Australia, winning the gold medal in the 3000m steeplechase event. He also competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20844668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844668" title="Sharon Gibson">
Sharon Gibson

Sharon Angela Gibson (born 31 December 1961 in Mapperley, Nottinghamshire) is a retired English athlete who competed in the women's javelin throw event during her career. She twice represented Great Britain at the Summer Olympics: 1984 and 1988. Gibson, a bronze medal winner at the 1994 Commonwealth Games, was affiliated with the Notts Athletic Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20844674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844674" title="Patrick McLoughlin (set decorator)">
Patrick McLoughlin (set decorator)

Patrick McLoughlin was a set decorator. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
McLoughlin was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20844676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844676" title="George Smith (Nova Scotia politician)">
George Smith (Nova Scotia politician)

George Smith (– November 14, 1850) was a Scottish-born merchant, shipbuilder and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Halifax County from 1819 to 1836, Pictou County from 1836 to 1838 and Pictou township from 1843 to 1845.
He was born in Banff. Smith was involved in the timber trade. He served as a member of the province's Legislative Council from 1838 to 1843. Smith was a probate judge for Pictou County from 1849 to 1850, a judge in the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia and custos rotulorum for the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20844679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844679" title="Marvin Zeegelaar">
Marvin Zeegelaar

Marvin Zeegelaar (born 12 August 1990) is a Dutch professional football striker who plays for Elazığspor.
Career.
Officially still a B-junior, he has become a regular in the A-juniors side during the 2008–09 season, his first game for the Professional team of Ajax was a game in KNVB Beker on 12 November 2008 against FC Volendam, he came on the 91st minute for Siem de Jong.
Zeegelaar is a product of the Ajax youth system and has appeared for the senior Ajax side in the Eredivisie.
In the winter break of the 2010–11 Eredivisie season Zeegelaar joined the SBV Excelsior squad for a loan until the end of the season.
In summer 2011 he joined RCD Espanyol for the next 4 years, to play for "B" team.
In 2012, Zeegelaar joined Süper Lig side Elazığspor, a year later he joined Championship side Blackpool on loan until January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20844682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844682" title="Toni Milaqi">
Toni Milaqi

Toni Milaqi (born 1974, Tirana, Albania ) is a contemporary artist (painter, draughtsman).
Studies.
1988
1992
Solo exhibitions.
1996
1999
Group exhibitions.
1996
1997
1999
2004
2007
2008
2009
2010
2012
2013
Residencies.
2008
2012
Toni Milaqi currently lives and works in Athens, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="20844691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844691" title="Robert Cartwright">
Robert Cartwright

Robert Cartwright was an art director. He was nominated for four Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Cartwright was nominated for four Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20844696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844696" title="Almir Gredić">
Almir Gredić

Almir Gredić (born 27 April 1976 in Prijepolje) is a former Bosnian international footballer.
Career.
During his career he played 4 matches for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team. At club level, after playing in Serbian lower league clubs such as Jasen Brodarevo and FK Polimlje and Montenegrin FK Mogren he came to Bosnian capital to play with FK Željezničar Sarajevo where he would spend most of his career. He also had a short spell with FK Olimpik Sarajevo.
Chairman of FK Željezničar Sarajevo.
On 27 December 2012, Gredić was selected as the new chairman of Željezničar for a tenure of four year. By this, with only 36 years when taking the position, he became the youngest chairman ever of Željezničar. He replaced Sabahudin Žujo on that position, who gave an irrevocable resignation some months prior. 

</doc>
<doc id="20844697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844697" title="Photoplayer">
Photoplayer

The photoplayer is an automatic mechanical orchestra used by movie theatres to produce photoplay music to accompany silent films.
Operation.
The central instruments in a photoplayer were a piano and percussion; some machines also added pipe organs and methods for manually creating sound effects. Like a player piano, the photoplayer played music automatically by reading piano rolls (rolls of paper with perforations), but the photoplayer could hold two rolls: one that would play while the other was prepared. Common sound effects included gun-shots, bells and drums, which were generated by pulling chains called "cow-tails". Some photoplayers feature electric sound effects, such as sirens, automobile horns, and other oddities. A photoplayer operator had to load the paper rolls, start the machine and add the manual sound effects and percussion using the cow-tails.
History.
Approximately 8,000 to 10,000 photoplayers were produced during the boom era of silent films, between 1910 and 1928. Around a dozen manufacturers produced the instruments, including the American Photo Player Company, which made the Fotoplayer; the Operators Piano Company of Chicago, which made the Reproduco; The Bartola Musical Instrument Company of Oshkosh, Wisconsin, maker of the Bartola, Seeburg; and Wurlitzer. The popularity of the photoplayer sharply declined in the mid-1920s as silent films were replaced by sound films, and few machines still exist today.

</doc>
<doc id="20844702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844702" title="List of German railway companies">
List of German railway companies

This list contains the railway companies currently operating in Germany. It includes railway units that are not independent legal entities. 
They are given their authority to operate by the Federal Railway Office ("Eisenbahn-Bundesamt"), as long as they are federal railways or private railway companies with their headquarters abroad. All other private railway companies are authorised by the responsible authorities of the states in which they have their headquarters.
Names of all railway companies have been left in German.
For railway companies that are no longer in existence, see the "List of former German railway companies".
The bulk of the railway network in Germany belongs to DB Netz, a subsidiary of Deutsche Bahn AG – this situation is a relict from the time when the Deutsche Bundesbahn and Deutsche Reichsbahn had a monopoly. The stations and halts on the DB Netz network are run by DB Station&Service. Not included in this list are museum railways and transport unions.
A distinction must be made between railway infrastructure companies and railway operating companies; see private railways.
Companies of the Veolia Group with railway services.
Other subsidiaries of Veolia Verkehr GmbH operate bus services, especially in built-up areas.
Companies of the Netinera Group with railway services.
Under the trade name Vogtland-Express Netinera offers long-distance passenger services on the route Berlin–Riesa–Chemnitz–Plauen–Hof.

</doc>
<doc id="20844715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844715" title="Terras de Riba-Côa">
Terras de Riba-Côa

Terras de Riba-Côa or simply Riba-Côa is a historical area in central Portugal. It was located roughly between Côa and Águeda rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="20844716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844716" title="Winlock W. Steiwer">
Winlock W. Steiwer

Winlock W. Steiwer (August 7, 1852 – July 18, 1920) was an American banker, rancher, and politician in the state of Oregon. Born in the Willamette Valley, he made his name in Eastern Oregon as the founder of a bank and as county judge. A Republican, he twice served in the Oregon State Senate and was involved in the Oregon land fraud scandal.
Early life.
Winlock Steiwer was born in Marion County, Oregon, to Frederick and Susan Looney Steiwer on August 7, 1852. His nephew was U.S. Senator Frederick Steiwer. He was educated in the local schools there before he enrolled at Willamette University in Salem where he graduated from in 1871. After briefly working as a teacher, he moved to Eastern Oregon.
In Eastern Oregon Steiwer became a rancher and a banker. On July 14, 1886, he married Annie Jeriah Hoover, and they had five children together, including William Hoover Steiwer who would serve as President of the Oregon Senate. After accumulating a fortune in the cattle business, he sold out and moved to Fossil. He established the first bank in Wheeler County in 1912 with George S. Carpenter in the that town. Steiwer also owned and operated a mercantile in Fossil until 1910. That year he moved to Portland, but still was part owner of the bank he helped found.
Political career.
In 1886, he became the judge for Gilliam County, serving until 1890. In 1892, he was elected to the Oregon State Senate to represent Gilliam, Wasco, and Sherman counties. A member of the Republican Party, he served during both the 1893 and 1895 legislative sessions in Salem. In 1901, he returned to the Senate after winning a new four-year term. After reapportionment, he represented District 21 composed of Sherman, Wasco, Gilliam, Grant, and Wheeler counties in the 1903 legislature.
Land fraud scandal.
In 1905, he was indicted for his role in the Oregon land fraud scandal along with John Hicklin Hall and Binger Hermann among others. Steiwer had served as president of the Butte Creek Land, Livestock and Lumber Company that had illegally acquired land in Wheeler County. He pled guilty and was not sentenced after he testified against Hall and Edwin Mays. Steiwer had been pressured by Hall to support Charles William Fulton in his election by the state senate to the United States Senate in order to secure continued appointment of Hall as U.S. District Attorney for Oregon.
Winlock Steiwer died of pyonephrosis in Portland on July 18, 1920, at the age of 67.

</doc>
<doc id="20844725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844725" title="William H. Tuntke">
William H. Tuntke

William H. Tuntke (September 24, 1906 – August 25, 1997) was an American art director. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Tuntke was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20844734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844734" title="National Expressway 2 (India)">
National Expressway 2 (India)

National Expressway 2 or Eastern Peripheral Expressway or KGP (Sonipat(kundli)-Ghaziabad-Palwal) is a proposed road which will bypass Delhi on eastern side. On the lines of the KMP Expressway, another expressway of a similar length (135 km), the Sonipat(Kundli)-Ghaziabad-Palwal expressway KGP Expressway, is set to take off to the East of Delhi, and form the other half of the ring around the national capital. This, too, will also prove a catalyst in both residential and commercial development along the 135-km corridor, majorly in Uttar Pradesh. Though the project is yet to take off, sources in the road, transport and highways say that major developers have bought properties close to the alignment.
The expressway link, also called the Eastern Peripheral Expressway (EPE), will provide signal-free connectivity between Ghaziabad and Faridabad, and Gautam Budh Nagar (Greater NOIDA) and Palwal. The road network touches certain portions of Haryana, Delhi and Uttar Pradesh.
The project involves construction of a six-lane expressway with access control highway connecting Faridabad-Greater Noida-Ghaziabad-Sonipat, which will also act as a bypass to Delhi, with a concession period of 20 years.
Route.
The project takes off from NH-1 in Kundli (Haryana), crosses Yamuna near Mawikalan, Hindon river near Sharfabad, NH-58 near Duhai, NH-24 near Dasna, NH-91 near Village Bishara NTPC Dadri , Kasna-Sikandrabad road near Sirsa, re-crosses Yamuna near Fajjupur Khadar, Atali-Chinsa near Maujpur and meets NH-2 beyond Palwal. It will pass through five districts; Sonipat, Faridabad in Haryana, and Baghpat, Ghaziabad and Gautam Budh Nagar in Uttar Pradesh. 
National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) officials said the speed limit for this green field project would be 120 km/h, and hence will provide highspeed connectivity to existing and new residential sectors.
Decentralizing Effect.
This road will have two sections 56 km-long Faridabad-Greater Noida-Ghaziabad expressway section and 49 km-long Ghaziabad-Sonipat expressway section. Improving connectivity among cities outside the capital will not just decongest Delhi roads, this will also push growth and development beyond the national capital. By the time the proposed expressway comes up and connects farflung NCR towns, it will bring areas across the region close, said an urban planner associated with NCR Planning Board (NCRPB).
He added that though presently, land around this greenfield expressway is either lying vacant or is largely agricultural, their land use would be changed too after the completion of the stretch. Since the project is yet to take off, the development has not yet started. Now, with the seriousness of Center to award the project soon, both residential and commercial development will start, a major real estate developer said.

</doc>
<doc id="20844739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844739" title="Theo Botha">
Theo Botha

Theophilous James Bennett Botha (Theo Botha) (born 1 March 1960) is a South African shareholder activist.
He has queried many companies in the area of good corporate governance,
ethics,
executive compensation,
environmental practices
and Black Economic Empowerment.
He has also criticized South African corporate governance guidelines as too lenient.
Theo Botha first decided to pursue shareholder activism after an investment in a small life insurance company (The Sage Group).
The company was making huge losses in the USA that it refused to disclose to the South African shareholders.
In a press interview it was found that "Botha doesn’t appear to be making money off this enterprise; in most instances he buys only one share."
Botha's usual approach is not unlike his first encounter with Sage in which all he did was pose a few questions which usually make the companies in question edgy. He spends time going through company financial reports to note discrepancies which he will use to compile his questions which he asks during company AGM's.
The South African companies Botha has confronted include The Sage Group,
Sappi,
Absa,
Sasol,
SABMiller,
Pick n Pay Stores Limited,
Tiger Brands,
Avusa,
Anglo Platinum,
Pretoria Portland Cement Company,
Mutual & Federal,
Bidvest, Wesizwe Platinum, 
and Liberty Holdings Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="20844744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844744" title="Faridabad-NOIDA-Ghaziabad expressway">
Faridabad-NOIDA-Ghaziabad expressway

Idea of Faridabad-NOIDA-Ghaziabad expressway was conceived around 1993. But, later it was scrapped as for planning of Commonwealth Games, Govt. of India decided to create an external ring around Delhi that will stop trucks and other heavy vehicles from entering Delhi. Eastern Peripheral Expressway came into existence whose route is different and it does not pass through NOIDA.
External links.
FNG Expressway Axed
FNG Expressway is a fraud

</doc>
<doc id="20844748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844748" title="FNG Expressway">
FNG Expressway

Idea of FNG expressway was conceived around 1993. But, later it was scrapped as for planning of Commonwealth Games, Govt. of India decided to create an external ring around Delhi that will stop trucks and other heavy vehicles from entering Delhi. Eastern Peripheral Expressway came into existence whose route is different and it does not pass through NOIDA.
FNG Expressway Axed
FNG Expressway is a fraud
Most real estate developers in NCR are selling property in the name of FNG expressway. It is strange why concerned government departments are not making it a point to clear the air, raise a voice or take any action. Real estate projects are being sold at a premium price for their proximity to FNG road.
The latest update in January, 2014 shows that NOIDA Authority has finally taken the decision to complete the project partially, in the area lying under its jurisdiction. 
[http://profit.ndtv.com/videos/the-property-show/video-ncrs-fng-expressway-progress-report-304695]

</doc>
<doc id="20844749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844749" title="2nz Animation Co.">
2nz Animation Co.

2nz Animation Co. is an animation studio located in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. It was started in 1996 by Kireet Khurana, who has been awarded the President’s National Award for his work in animation. It is the animation division of Climb Media India Pvt. Ltd., spearheaded by animation film director Bhimsain.
2nz has produced over 300 commercials for companies including Coca-Cola, Cadbury and Kellogg's. It produced the animated series "Adventures of Chhota Birbal", which premiered on Cartoon Network in 2003 and featured the first Indian animation character to be licensed. 2nz is working on India's first live action/3D animation combination feature film, "Toonpur Ka Superhero", which is being directed by Kireet Khurana.

</doc>
<doc id="20844759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844759" title="James Fleming (Nova Scotia politician)">
James Fleming (Nova Scotia politician)

James Fleming (1741 – December 31, 1839) was an Irish-born farmer, businessman and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Londonderry township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1811 to 1826.
He was born in Derry. In 1766, he married Isabel Vance. Fleming was a justice of the peace. He died in Lower Debert, Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="20844780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844780" title="Ooh Ahh (Tamara Jaber song)">
Ooh Ahh (Tamara Jaber song)

"Ooh Ahh" is the debut single by Australian singer Tamara Jaber. The song, based on a childhood rhyme(s) ("Ooh, ahh! I lost my bra"), frequently appears at the top of "worst Australian songs of all time" lists with lyrics like "Boys are rotten made outta cotton, girls are sexy made outta Pepsi" being heavily criticized. Its most recent appearance as the worst Australian song of all time was in the 2 January 2009 edition of the "Herald Sun".

</doc>
<doc id="20844788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844788" title="Johannes Scherg">
Johannes Scherg

Johannes Scherg was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Johannes Scherg was born in Würzburg on the 16 May 1918. After finishing school and his labour service, he volunteered to join the SS in 1938 serving with the SS-VT in Munich with the SS Regiment "Germaina".
World War II.
At the beginning of World War II he served as a radio operator with the SS "Germania" Regiment for the Polish Campaign and the Battle of France.
In 1941 he was selected to become an officer and posted to the SS-Junkerschule at Bad Tölz graduating in September 1941. Promoted to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) he became a platoon commander in the 1st Company, 2nd SS Panzer Reconnaissance Battalion, "Das Reich" Division serving on the Eastern Front.
In November 1942, he was given command of the 2nd Company, 2nd SS Panzer Reconnaissance Battalion and awarded the German Cross in Gold and promoted to Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant).
In July 1944, he was posted to the 4th SS Polizei Division as the commander of the 1st Company, 4th SS Panzer Reconnaissance Battalion which was serving in Greece at the time.
He was awarded the Knight's Cross in October 1944 for his command of the 1st Company, 4th SS Panzer Reconnaissance Battalion, during the fighting in Greece and Romania.
Scherg was wounded for the seventh time in January 1945 for which he received the Wound Badge in Gold.
Scherg and the 4th SS were briefly rested at Stettin, then moved to the front at Mecklenburg north of Berlin and retreated to the river Elbe at Wittenberge.
Scherg was promoted to Hauptsturmführer in May 1945, and captured by the British Army at Lauenburg.
He was handed over to the Americans who in turn handed him over to the French in 1947. He was held captive by the French in the Military Prison at Bordeaux until he was released in June 1951.
Johannes Scherg returned to Germany and died on 22 December 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20844793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844793" title="Sconyers Bar-B-Que">
Sconyers Bar-B-Que

Sconyers Bar-B-Que, also known as Sconyers Inc. is a southern food and barbecue restaurant located in Augusta, Georgia. It has received popular acclaim for its food, and has been listed as a top ten barbecue restaurant in the United States by "People" magazine.
History.
The restaurant began operations in 1956 when Claude and Adeline Sconyers opened a road side stand in the rural south side of Augusta. It has remained family owned and operated to this day, and is currently owned by Larry Sconyers, the youngest son of Claude and Adeline. It was his decision to move the restaurant to its current location and expand its operation to include catering services.
Catering.
His catering vision was soon realized when Sconyers was invited to cater a southern style affair for United States President Jimmy Carter at the White House in 1980. In February 2006, Congressman Charlie Norwood marked the fiftieth anniversary of the restaurant's opening with an address to the United States House of Representatives. The Georgia General Assembly gave official commendation to the restaurant in House Resolution 1388.

</doc>
<doc id="20844795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844795" title="Comparison of cryptographic hash functions">
Comparison of cryptographic hash functions

The following tables compare general and technical information for a number of cryptographic hash functions.
General information.
Basic general information about the cryptographic hash functions: year, designer, references, etc. 
Compression function.
The following tables compare technical information for compression functions of cryptographic hash functions. The information comes from the specifications, please refer to them for more details. 
Cryptanalysis.
The following tables compare cryptanalysis status of cryptographic hash functions. This table is probably out of date. (last edited May, 2013)

</doc>
<doc id="20844808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844808" title="Orobica">
Orobica

The Orobica is a breed of dairy goat raised in the Bergamo Alps of northern Italy (provinces of Sondrio Como and Bergamo).
It is of medium size (males c. 80 kg, females c. 65 kg) and both sexes carry very long horns and erect ears. The coat is lustrous, composed of fine long hairs, with a colour varying from uniform ash-grey to violet-beige.

</doc>
<doc id="20844825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844825" title="Charakonda">
Charakonda

Charakonda (Telugu: చారకొండ) is a large village and business center in Vangoor mandal of the Mahbubnagar district.
Geography.
Charakonda is located at 16°44′N 77°30′E (16.73° N, 77.5° E). It has an average elevation of 431 metres (1,414 feet).
Demographics.
As of the 2001 India census, Charakonda had a population of over 10,000 and with equal gender ratio. Charakonda has an average literacy rate of 62% with male literacy of 67% and female literacy of 49%.
Industry.
This village specializes in making Thati Kallu (Palm wine), which is famous in the Telangana Region. Manufacturing of this drink is a primary source of income for people in this village.

</doc>
<doc id="20844830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844830" title="Robert McGowan Dickie">
Robert McGowan Dickie

Robert McGowan Dickie (ca 1784 – January 14, 1854) was a judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Amherst township from 1836 to 1843 and Cumberland County from 1843 to 1851 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. His surname also appears as Dickey in some sources.
He was the son of William Dickie. Dickie married Eleanor Chapman around 1812. He was lieutenant colonel in the county militia and a justice of the peace and served as justice in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas. He died at Goose River, Cumberland County, Nova Scotia at the age of 69.
His son Robert Barry Dickie served in the Canadian Senate and is considered to be one of the Fathers of Confederation.

</doc>
<doc id="20844834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844834" title="Ján Ševčík">
Ján Ševčík

Ján Ševčík (Brezolupy, 13 February 1896 - Bratislava, 6 March 1965) was a Czechoslovakian politician.
Ševčík participated in the Czechoslovak Legion during World War I. After the war he studied law and from 1926 to 1934 represented the Slovak People's Party (incl. as secretary of the faction). After that, he worked in the agrarian sector. 
From 1939 to 1942 he was the head of the YMCA administration in Bratislava. 
Ševčík was an opponent of fascism and therefore joined the Slovakian résistance movement. The Slovak résistance opposed the nominally independent Slovak republic that was established in 1939 by monseigneur Jozef Tiso but to a large extent controlled by Germans. In 1944 the Slovak National Uprising took place, in which Ševčík participated. The résistance forces met an early success in fighting with Slovak fascists and German troops, but later had to retreat. 
After World War II Ševčík joined the Democratic Party (DS). The DS won the 1946 election in the Slovakian part of Czechoslovakia and thereafter had to share power with the Communist Party of Slovakia (KSS). Ševčík became a deputy once more. The communists carried out a 'great purge' of DS members in 1946-1948. After the communist coup d'état in February 1948, the DS was banned and replaced by the Party of Slovak Revival (SSO), a pro-communist satellite party. Ševčík became the chairman of the SSO and at the same time vice-premier in Antonín Zápotocký's cabinet.
In 1952 Ján Ševčík was arrested and accused of opposition to the socialist development of Czechoslovakia. He was sentenced to imprisonment. In 1960 he was released. On 6 March 1965 Ševčík died. He was re-habilitated soon after that.

</doc>
<doc id="20844841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844841" title="Almourol">
Almourol

Almourol is a small islet on the Tagus river, Portugal. The Castle of Almourol, a national monument, is located there.

</doc>
<doc id="20844851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844851" title="Moaner van Heerden">
Moaner van Heerden

Moaner Van Heerden (born 18 July 1951 in Pretoria) is a former South African Rugby Union international. He played as a lock. From 1974 to 1980, van Heerden appeared in 17 Tests.
His son, Wikus Van Heerden, is also a South African international who played for Saracens in the Guinness Premiership before retiring in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20844864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844864" title="Machine (film)">
Machine (film)

Machine is a 2007 action movie starring James Russo and Neal McDonough.
Plot.
Ex special forces mercenary and now hardened criminal Vic, (Michael Lazar) lives in a world of cons, double crosses, crooked cops, mob bosses and drug dealing crime lords. Playing by his own rules, Vic and his partner Frank (Paul Sloan) work both sides of the street, caring only about where they can score and take down the most cash. After a dangerous shootout during a drug deal gone bad, Vic finds himself working for ruthless crime boss Paul Santo (Nick Vallelonga). Santo's being indicted for murder, and he enlists Vic and Frank to kill the three witnesses that will testify against him. Watching Vic's every move is Santo's strongest soldier, Ray, (Michael Madsen) a stone cold killer, who would like nothing better than to whack Vic and Frank the moment his boss gives him the okay. As the Asian proverb says, "In the shadow of every crime is a woman" and that holds true for Vic as his grifter girlfriend Thea (Lisa Arturo) and Frank's ex, the exotic, sultry, Layla (Michele Lombardo) have their own agendas as they both try in their own way to use and manipulate their men. As Vic tries to juggle all this as well as kill the witnesses to pay off his debt to Santo, and at the same time avoid Ray's wrath, he is pursued by crooked vice cop Ford (Neal McDonough) who's relentless as he turns up the heat on Vic and Frank. On top of all this, it doesn't help that Asian crime lord, Cho (Garret Sato) and his henchman Butch (James Russo) are applying their own brand of pressure on Vic and Frank. They want to take out Santo and Ray, using Vic and Frank as pawns in their game of revenge and murder. In the end, Vic settles all scores as these competing factions come crashing together in the violent, action packed climax.

</doc>
<doc id="20844866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844866" title="1920s in Angola">
1920s in Angola

In the 1920s in Angola mining became the primary source of revenue for the colonial government.
Economy.
Comphania de Diamantes de Angola, the Diamang diamond company of Angola, was established in 1920. The government maintained a 5% stake in the company, gave it a thirty year lease to mine diamonds, and allowed it to operate without paying taxes or import tariffs. The company employed 10,000 workers and attracted investment from South Africa. In 1922, the Anglo American diamond company purchased a 16% stake in Diamang. The London Diamond Syndicate agreed to buy from Angola annually. Under the rule of Governor General Norton de Matos, the colonial government spent 13 million pounds to bring 9,000 immigrants from Portugal, expanding construction of Benguela railway and roads. The settler population reached 36,000 by 1924. By 1929, mined resources made up 25% of Angola's exports, 600,000 pound sterling.

</doc>
<doc id="20844868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844868" title="Henry Blackadar">
Henry Blackadar

Henry Nicol Blackadar (1803 – November 22, 1852) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia Canada. He represented Pictou County from 1840 to 1843 and Pictou township from 1845 to 1851 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was baptized in Halifax in December 1803, the son of Charles Blackadar. He began practising as a lawyer around 1825. Blackadar died in Pictou at the age of 48.

</doc>
<doc id="20844877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844877" title="Hard for Me">
Hard for Me

"Hard for Me" is the second and final single by Australian singer Tamara Jaber, released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20844879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844879" title="Guangzhou South Railway Station">
Guangzhou South Railway Station

Guangzhounan Railway Station (), also known as New Guangzhou Station () or Shibi Station (), is located in Shibi, Panyu, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. It is a large modern rail terminal 17 kilometers south of central Guangzhou. For a brief time it was Asia's largest railway station (by area) when it officially opened operations.
It is the largest station in Guangzhou. It is one of the four largest railway passenger transportation hubs in China. It is an interchange station and a terminus between Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link, Guangzhou-Maoming Railway, Guangzhou-Zhuhai Intercity Railway and Wuguang Passenger Line. This station is intended to replace the existing Guangzhou Railway Station in being the dominant station in Guangzhou. Together with Guangzhou station, Guangzhou East and Guangzhou North railway stations, they will be jointly form one of six planned National Railway Passenger Transportation Centres by the Chinese Ministry of Railways. Expected 2020 passenger delivery volume will be 80.14 million passengers.
Guangzhou South Railway Station is also a comprehensive transportation hub, passengers can interchange between high-speed long distance trains, Metro, long distance and local buses, taxi, etc. Guangzhou Metro Line 2, Line 7 (under construction) subway lines are located at or near the bottom of station complex Metro station. The formation of a centralized transfer center will see connections with the future Guangzhou Metro Lines 18 & 20, as well as the FMetro Line 2.
Station Structure.
The total construction area of the station is 370,000 square metres. The whole building including the main station house is under a single canopy with no pillar support. It was built with a total investment of 13 billion yuan. The total station construction amounted to use of 79,000 tons of steel, about 1.7 times the amount of steel required for the Beijing National Stadium(Birds Nest Stadium), as well as the use of 1.5 million cubic meters of concrete.
28 tracks serve 15 platforms, including 13 island platforms and two side platform. Station building area is of approximately 168,000 square meters ( calculated only waiting room, ticket hall and other railway passenger facilities ). Station waiting room using online elevated structures, including two station house and stuff Elevated house, and set before overhead and drop-off station platforms. The total height of the whole building stations rises to more than 50 meters, with a large central arch structure across a 64 metre span. In addition, the station roof has an installed area of about 2,000 square metres of solar panels, directing power to the station.
The main structure of 4 layers, including three above ground and a basement level. The underground basement level contains the Guangzhou Metro and future Foshan Metro station hall, as well as to provide 1,808 parking spaces. The ground floor is mostly the arrivals hall and also the Hong Kong cross border port of entry and Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport transfer hall. The second floor has a hall and a VIP waiting rooms, as well as the platform layer, arranged in order from east to west, southbound Wuhan-Guangzhou services, Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong trains, northbound Wuhan-Guangzhou services, Guangzhou-Zhuhai intercity trains, Guangzhou-Maoming intercity trains, Guangzhou-Xian trains, southern Guangdong trains. Level three features an elevated passenger waiting room, of 71,722 square meters, plus an area 14,694 square meters of commercial space. The station also has space reserved for future high speed and local rail developments, such as the Guangzhou Zhaoming Intercity Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="20844896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844896" title="Jarrod King">
Jarrod King

 
Jarrod King is a male badminton competitor for New Zealand. At the 1998 Commonwealth Games he won a bronze medal in the men's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="20844903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844903" title="Shibi Station">
Shibi Station

Shibi Station () is a metro station of Line 2 on the Guangzhou Metro. The underground station is located under Shibi Village (), Xiebian Gonglu (), Panyu District, Guangzhou.

</doc>
<doc id="20844907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844907" title="Rudolf Seitz">
Rudolf Seitz

Rudolf Seitz (11 October 1919 – 14 November 1994) was a Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Rudolf Seitz, while an Unterscharführer (Sergeant), was awarded the Knight's Cross as a Gun Commander in the 4th SS Panzerjager (Tank Hunter) Battalion, 4th SS Polizei Division on the 24 October 1942.
After the war.
Seitz died 14 November 1994 in Stadlern, Schwandorf, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20844921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844921" title="Erythrovirus">
Erythrovirus

Erythrovirus is a genus of viruses in the family "Parvoviridae". The type species is parvovirus B19.
Virology.
Erythroviruses are small (diameter 18-26 nanometers), non-enveloped icosahedral viruses. The capsid has a T = 1 symmetry and consists of 60 copies of coat protein.
The viral capsid binds to a receptor known as the P antigen, a globoside which is present not only on erythroblasts but also on megakaryocytes, endothelial cells, synovium, trophoblast, fetal liver and heart muscle. Replication is limited to erythroblasts: the reason for this tissue trophism remains unclear.
The genome is a linear, single-stranded DNA 4-6 kilobases in length with terminal hairpin structures at both ends. It is replicated through a unique rolling hairpin mechanism.
The genome encodes three major proteins VP1 and VP2, the viral capsid proteins, and NS1. VP1 and 2 are derived from overlapping reading frames and share substantial amino acid sequences. NS1 is involved in viral replication and the activation of viral gene transcription. It has DNA binding, ATPase, helicase and nuclease activity.
Taxonomy.
As well as the four recognized species in this genus there also two tentative members: Bovine parvovirus type 3 and Chipmunk parvovirus.
The Chimpmunk parvovirus species, currently assigned to the Erythovirus genus, probably belongs in a separate genus.

</doc>
<doc id="20844929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844929" title="RPM (TV series)">
RPM (TV series)

RPM is a motorsports television program that aired on Network Ten in Australia from 1997 to 2008, and returned in 2011 on One. The show airs on Wednesdays at 10:30pm, after initially moving to Tuesdays for the show's return on 22 March 2011 until 16 November 2011. These timeslots are a move away from the show's previous weekend timeslot whilst on Ten. The show has had a variety of timeslots and running times over the show's history, but generally aired on Sunday afternoons. 
In general, the show usually runs from around early March to late October each year, in line with major events in the Australian calendar such as the Clipsal 500 and Bathurst 1000, as well as the Formula One and MotoGP seasons. The program covers all major forms of motorsport across Australia and the world, with a particular influence on Formula One, MotoGP, NASCAR, V8 Supercars as well as the Australian and World Rally Championships.
1997-2008 Format.
Each show began with the 'Circuit' segment, documenting the latest motorsport news in the past week. This segment included race highlights from the previous week, as well as updates of the progress of Australians abroad, such as Marcos Ambrose, Ryan Briscoe and Will Power in the United States. 'Circuit' also mentioned rumours, such as potential driver moves for the following season. 
Following this, there were usually around 4 segments, depending on the length of the timeslot. In later years, two of these were always taken up by updates from the MotoGP and Formula One series, either previewing or reviewing recent events. This generally involved the host discussing these events with the respective co-host for each form of motorsport. The other segments are usually taken up by either an interview with a driver or motorsport personality, a 'behind the scenes' report, a technical report (such as on the HANS Device or KERS), or features on other motor sport series, including smaller and obscure series. 
Despite Network Ten losing the broadcast rights to V8 Supercars in 2007, the series was still regularly covered by the show. Before the network lost the rights, RPM often aired directly before the V8 Supercars coverage.
2011-onwards Format.
The show, recorded live, features a mix of interviews and pre-recorded stories. The show now uses Skype for some of its interviews, such as with F1 correspondent James Allen. The show also features in-studio interviews, particularly with local V8 Supercars drivers or other Network Ten personalities. 
The show features some new segments, such as 'RPM Retro', usually featuring clips of Bill Woods or Barry Sheene in the early days of the show, as well as more prominently featuring the latest betting odds due to a sponsorship deal with a bookmaker. 
The show has also added some general motoring segments, such as tips for safe driving on public roads.
Cancellation.
In March 2009 it was announced that the show would not air in 2009. This was despite the simultaneous launch of One, a 24 hour sports channel created by the network, including expanded coverage of motor sport. However, the network decided to focus on individual motor sports and highlights packages on the new channel rather than a panel show.
Return.
In March 2011, the show returned on One. Greg Rust returned as host, along with Daryl Beattie as the motorcycle specialist. The only change to the line-up was the addition of Craig Baird, who replaces Cameron McConville as the Formula 1 specialist, after McConville was removed from the network's motorsport coverage during the show's hiatus.
Co-Hosts.
The co-hosts are usually specialised in a particular area of motorsport. 
Reporters.
As well as the studio hosts, RPM has a number of roving reporters that provide interviews and features, particularly of overseas events.
Awards.
"RPM" was nominated twice for the Most Popular Sports Program at the Australian television awards, the Logies. The show was nominated in both 2006 and 2007.
See also.
List of longest running Australian television series

</doc>
<doc id="20844932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844932" title="Panthéon (album)">
Panthéon (album)

Panthéon (French for "Pantheon") is the second album by French rapper Booba, released on June 16, 2004 over Tallac Records, via the major Barclay Records/Universal Music Group.
Tracklist.
Samples
Singles.
2004 : "N°10" 
2004 : "Baby" (feat. Nessbeal) 
2004 : "Avant De Partir" (feat. Léya Masry)
In popular culture.
The song "N°10" is the entrance song for French UFC fighter Cheick Kongo.

</doc>
<doc id="20844934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844934" title="Henry Mignowitz">
Henry Mignowitz

Henry Mignowitz (1799 – May 17, 1869) was a dry goods merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Lunenburg County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1847 to 1851.
He married Eliza Sarah Muncey in 1821. His advertisement in "Hutchinson's Nova Scotia directory" describes his company as "importers of British and foreign dry goods" He served on the town council for Halifax from 1844 to 1848 and again in 1858. Mignowitz died in Halifax.

</doc>
<doc id="20844942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844942" title="Abdul Haq Ansari">
Abdul Haq Ansari

Dr. Muhammad Abdul Haq Ansari (1 September 1931 – 3 October 2012) was an Islamic scholar from India. He was the Amir (president) of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind (JIH) from 2003 to 2007. He was the member of Central Advisory Council of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind. He was also the Chancellor of Jamia Islamia, Shantapuram, Kerala. His masterpiece ‘Learning the Language of Quran’ is considered as one of the best English guides for the beginners of Qur'anic studies.
Education.
After completing Alimiyat from Darsgah Islami, Rampur, Abdul Haq Ansari came to Aligarh where he studied Arabic, Philosophy and history and obtained his B.A from Aligarh Muslim University, in 1957. He pursued higher studies in philosophy and obtained M.A. (Philosophy) from Aligarh Muslim University in 1959. He did his Ph.D. (Philosophy) from Aligarh Muslim University in 1962. He also obtained a masters degree, M.T.S.(Comparative Religion and Theology), from Harvard University U.S.in 1972.
Academic Activities.
Dr. Ansari served as Professor and Head of the Department of Arabic, Persian and Islamic Studies at the Vishwa Bharti University (1965-1978). He also taught Islamic Studies at Sudan University (1978-1981), Dhahran University (1982-1985), and at Imam Muhammad Bin Saud University, Riyadh (1985-1995).
He has read many papers in International and National conferences. Some of them are:
Last breath.
He died at home in Aligarh on October 3, 2012, following a brief cardiac failure. He was 82. 

</doc>
<doc id="20844952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844952" title="George Ernst">
George Ernst

George Ernst (1788 – September 25, 1853) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Lunenburg County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1847 to 1851.
Ernst married Elizabeth Jane Jones in 1812. He was an innkeeper and owned a sawmill. He served as a justice of the peace. Ernst died at the age of 65 in Mahone Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20844961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844961" title="Leica Photogrammetry Suite">
Leica Photogrammetry Suite

Leica Photogrammetry Suite (name officially and legally changed to LPS) is a software application for performing photogrammetric operations on imagery and extracting information from imagery. LPS is significant because it is a leading commercial photogrammetry application that is used by numerous national mapping agencies, regional mapping authorities, various DOTs, as well as commercial mapping firms. Aside from commercial and government applications, LPS is widely used in academic research. Research areas include landslide monitoring, cultural heritage studies, and more.
Capabilities.
LPS is generally used for the processing of raw imagery through to the creation of geospatial data products such as digital terrain models, 3D features, and digital orthophotos. There are a number of approaches for photogrammetric applications. Imagery may come from remote sensing satellites, airborne cameras (film or digital), or ground-based cameras. In the context of airborne film cameras, the workflow would involve scanning the imagery (creating a digital version of the film imagery), solving the interior orientation parameters, and triangulating the images. Once the images are triangulated, image pairs may be viewed in stereo and 3D measurements can be made. The system can automatically generate digital terrain models, which can be reviewed and edited in stereo. Once an accurate 3D surface has been derived, triangulated images may be orthorectified. In addition to this workflow, LPS supports 3D feature extraction, radiometric adjustment, and a number of additional digital image processing capabilities available from ERDAS IMAGINE, which is included with LPS.
Other workflows.
In addition to the workflows above, LPS also supports the following applications:
History.
While the initial release of LPS (called "Leica Photogrammetry Suite 8.7") was in late 2003, it was a combination of new technology as well as software previously developed by ERDAS (which was acquired by Leica Geosystems in 2003). The product evolution is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20844965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844965" title="Bulgarian Secret Revolutionary Brotherhood">
Bulgarian Secret Revolutionary Brotherhood

The Bulgarian Secret Revolutionary Brotherhood ("Balgarsko Tayno Revolyutsionno Bratstvo") was organized from a small group of conservatives, adherents of evolutionary methods of struggle, in Salonica. 
In 1897, in the face of the growing power of Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO), these moderates, led by Ivan Garvanov, who was then a teacher at the Bulgarian Men's High School of Thessaloniki, set up a rival organization, called Revolutionary Brotherhood, which entered into friendly relations with the Macedonian Supreme Committee and began setting up branches in various towns throughout Macedonia and Southern Thrace. Inevitably, the Brotherhood clashed with the Bulgarian Macedonian-Adrianople Revolutionary Committees (BMARC), and there were even mutual attempts at assassination, although nobody was actually killed. When Boris Sarafov was elected to the leadership of the Macedonian Supreme Committee, with the help of Bulgarian Exarchate he managed to effect a reconciliation, and in 1899, the Brotherhood was dissolved and its members joined the IMRO. Its members as Ivan Garvanov, were to exert a significant influence on the Internal Organization. They were to push for the Ilinden-Preobrazhenie Uprising and later became the core of IMRO right-wing faction.

</doc>
<doc id="20844975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844975" title="Timmy Time">
Timmy Time

Timmy Time is a British animated preschool children's comedy series created by the BBC and Aardman Animations. It started broadcasting in the UK on CBeebies on 6 April 2009. The show is a spin off from the "Shaun the Sheep" animation which itself is a spin off from the Aardman series Wallace & Gromit, which introduced the character of Shaun. The first two series ran for 26 episodes. In the United Kingdom, the show's most recent run began in September 2011 on CBeebies. In Australia, season one commenced in May 2009 on ABC1 and season three started in May 2011 on ABC 4 Kids.
Premise and format.
In this series, Timmy and his friends have to learn to share, make friends and accept their mistakes. They are supervised by two teachers, Harriet the Heron and Osbourne the Owl. The show is aimed at pre-school aged children which the company described as "a natural step for Aardman". 
The show is made up of ten-minute episodes, which do not feature any dialogue, much like "Shaun the Sheep.
A filming of one episode was featured on Science Channel's "How It's Made" in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20844989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20844989" title="John Crowe (politician)">
John Crowe (politician)

John Crowe (August 7, 1784 – August 30, 1878) was a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Onslow township from 1826 to 1830, from 1835 to 1836 and from 1841 to 1851 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was born in Onslow, Nova Scotia, the son of John Crowe and Elizabeth Marshall, immigrants from Ireland. Crowe went to sea at a young age before becoming a farmer. In 1818, he married Agnes McNutt. Crowe was elected to the assembly in an 1841 by-election held following the death of Alexander Upham. He died in Onslow at the age of 94.

</doc>
<doc id="20845004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845004" title="Christina Boxer">
Christina Boxer

Christina Tracy Boxer-Cahill (born 25 March 1957) is a retired female middle distance athlete from England. She represented Great Britain at three Olympic Games, in Moscow 1980, Los Angeles 1984 and Seoul 1988, where she finished fourth in the 1500 metres final. She also won a gold medal in the 1500 m at the 1982 Commonwealth Games. In 1979, she became the first British woman in history to run the 800 metres in under two-minutes.
Education.
Yately School/Farnborough College (1968-1976); Loughborough University (1979-1983); Chichester University (2003-2004)
Career.
Boxer was born in Northolt, Greater London, England and was a member of Aldershot, Farnham & District Athletics Club and later Gateshead Harriers & AC. In 1971, she won the Under 15 English National Cross Country Championships. She won the first of 11 AAAs and UK National titles in 1977, winning the AAAs National 800 metres title in 2:03.78.
In August 1979, Boxer became the first British woman to run 800 metres in under two minutes, with a time of 1:59.05 in Turin. She still remains one of only three British woman, along with Kirsty Wade and Hannah England, to have broken both two minutes for 800 metres and nine minutes for 3000 metres. She gained a BSc in Physical Education and Sport Science and a PGCE in PE & Biology at Loughborough University between 1979-1983, competing at her first Olympic Games in Moscow 1980, reaching the semi-finals of the 800 m. In 1982, she won the gold medal in the women's 1500 m event at the Commonwealth Games in Brisbane.
On 6 July 1984, Boxer achieved her career best of 4:00.57 in the 1500 m at Gateshead, to break Christine Benning's five-year-old British record. A month later, at the Los Angeles Olympics, she finished 6th in the 1500 m final with 4:05.53. She ended the season running a career best time in the mile, with 4:22.64 in London. Although she lost her British 1500 m record to Zola Budd, who ran 3:59.96 in Brussels, Boxer had another fine season in 1985. She ran her best ever time in the 3000 m, with 8:49.89 at the Crystal Palace and finished second in the 1500 m at the European Cup in Moscow, behind Raviliya Agletdinova of the Soviet Union.
After a disappointing couple of years, Boxer returned to top form in 1988. Competing at her third Olympics in Seoul, South Korea, (under her then married name of Cahill), she finished 4th in the 1500 m final, with her best time for four years, 4:00.64. She was beaten into bronze by Tetyana Samolenko, who was later banned for taking performance-enhancing drugs. She finished 1988 with a 5th place world ranking at 1500m.
In 1990, Boxer won a Commonwealth Games silver medal in the 1500 m behind Canada's Angela Chalmers. In 1992 she just missed out on gaining selection for a fourth consecutive Olympics Games in Barcelona and retired as an International Athlete later that year.
As of 2013, Boxer still ranks in the UK all-time top ten for 800 m, 1500 m and the mile. She ranks tenth in the 800 m (1:59.05), fifth in the 1500 m (4:00.57) and fourth in the mile (4:22.64).
Later career.
After her retirement she worked as a Sport, Physical Activity & Education Consultant leading national projects involving health-activity and sport retention programmes, while also coaching worldclass senior and junior athletes including Jo Pavey, whom she helped return from serious injury to make her first ever Olympics in 2000 at 5,000m and Charlotte Moore who became the first Junior woman to break 2 minutes at 800m, setting a Junior record of 1.59.75 when finishing 6th in the 2002 Commonwealth Games and gained a silver medal at the European Junior Championships in 2003.
Boxer was also a reporter for BBC Sport's athletics coverage from 1996-2001, providing track-side interviews at major events including the Commonwealth Games, World Track & Cross Country Championships and the Sydney Olympic Games. She became a middle distance Team GB coach during the early - mid 2000's.
Boxer has continued to combine consultancy work with formal employment contracts and project management and has held honorary positions promoting sport and coaching. She was Board Director of sportscoachUK from 1998-2007, a sporting patron of the Youth Sport Trust from 1992-2006 and a London2012 Olympic and Paralympic Ambassador in the West Midlands from 2009-2012. After completing a MSc in Sport & Exercise Psychology and a Diploma in Behavioural Coaching she became Course Leader of BSc in Sports Coaching Science and Senior Lecturer (Coaching with PE & Sport Development) at the University of Worcester before being appointed Director of Girl's Sport/Sport Development at Malvern College in 2008. In 2011 she became Sports Development Manager at the University of Birmingham managing staff and programmes involving Coaching, Club Development, Participation and Volunteering.

</doc>
<doc id="20845005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845005" title="Wolf Crater">
Wolf Crater

Wolf Crater may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20845019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845019" title="Wormhole Chasers">
Wormhole Chasers

Wormhole Chasers is a 2007 four-minute short film about a woman who opens her door and finds several people there because a wormhole is about to open in the corner of her apartment.
Reception.
A "Trash City" review says, "What it does do, however, is set the scene nicely, introducing us to intriguing characters, and drawing with quick, broad strokes, a Gilliamesque universe that's slightly to one side of our own." A "Film Guru" review says, "Wormhole Chasers is a fun ride, leaving the viewer wanting to hear more about these people and what strange trips they have made. If any short film deserved more time, this is it. While the short form certainly sets up the story for a clever ending, it only whets the appetite." A "Micro Film Maker" review says, "The film's pace moved along quickly, but not so fast that the audience couldn't keep up with what was going on. The editing was very well done; it was brisk, but easy to follow, and not too choppy or jerky. The ending is a bit ambiguous, but in a sense, it's supposed to be, and fits the overall feel of the project."

</doc>
<doc id="20845023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845023" title="Max Selen">
Max Selen

Marcellus Joannes Irma Selen (born 16 April 1932) is a Belgian painter. His early works were in the styles of cubism and expressionism and surrealism. During the seventies he painted in the styles of popart and hyperrealism. His recent works have been classified as (photo) negativism, negative realism, or short negarealism.

</doc>
<doc id="20845056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845056" title="Włodzimierz Sadalski">
Włodzimierz Sadalski

Włodzimierz Sadalski (born August 29, 1949 in Poznań) is a former volleyball player from Poland, who was a member of the Poland Men's National Team that won the gold medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
From 1987 to 1992, he was the head coach of Finland national team. Now he is coaching East Volley.

</doc>
<doc id="20845057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845057" title="William White Bent">
William White Bent

William White Bent (1800 – April 22, 1866) was a political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Amherst township from 1847 to 1859 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly as a Conservative member.
He was born in Amherst, Nova Scotia, the son of Thomas Bent and Mary Lamb. He died in Amherst.

</doc>
<doc id="20845058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845058" title="Château d'Ambleville">
Château d'Ambleville

The Château d'Ambleville is a French Renaissance style château located within the regional park of Vexin, in the Val d'Oise Department of France. The chateau is classified as a "monument historique" of France. 
The gardens are classified among the Notable Gardens of France by the Ministry of Culture of France.
History.
The château was built in the 16th century for the seigneurs of Ambleville and Villarceaux by architect Jean Grappin, on the foundations of a medieval castle on the banks of the Aubette. In the 17th century, the house was acquired by the Duke of Villeroy, Nicolas V, the Ambassador of France to Medicis. He created a garden in the Florentine style. The house was purchased in 1893 by Charles Sedelmeyer (1837–1925), who restored the chateau and added a theater and Venetian chimneys and balconies. In 1928 the new owner, the Marquise de Villefranche, remade the gardens after those of the recently-restored gardens of the Villa Gamberaia in Florence. Today they offer one of the best examples of an Italian Renaissance garden in France.

</doc>
<doc id="20845063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845063" title="Knock Castle, Largs">
Knock Castle, Largs

Knock Castle is a private residence on the outskirts of Largs, on the west coast of Scotland. It was built by the boat-building Steele family in 1851, with a further wing added in the early twentieth century. The ruins of the seventeenth century Knock Old Castle are within the grounds.
Knock Castle.
The new castle was designed by J. T. Rochead and built in 1851-1852 in a castellated Tudor revival style. it was extended in 1908. It was built for Robert Steele, a Greenock merchant, and his initials and 
crest are carved on the parapets. The new castle is a category A listed building.
Knock Old Castle.
Knock Old Castle was mentioned by the cartographer Timothy Pont in about 1608. The remains of this small mansion or castle stand on the edge of a stream with an extensive view to the west over Arran and Bute. It consisted of a rectangular block, with a round tower at the south-west angle, and the remains of another at the north-east angle. The latter is about high. A courtyard wall has a door in it, and it is possible that buildings abutted this.
A modern parapet with angle turret surmounts this wall, which bears a stone inscribed "Repaired in 1853." This wall also contains stones (not in situ) dated '1603' and '1604', the initials 'I B' being on the latter. The whole building has been restored and, in parts, modernised. The walls are only thick. No other traces of courtyard wall are visible. Nigel Tranter gives a similar description in his "The Fortified House in Scotland", and adds that Knock Castle was probably built in the late 16th or early 17th century. The old castle is a category B listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="20845081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845081" title="1994 Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft season">
1994 Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft season

The 1994 Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft season was the eleventh season of the Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft (German Touring Car Championship). The season had ten rounds with two races each; additional two rounds were held outside Germany but not counted towards the championship.
Drivers Championship standings.
† Not classified in the championship due to only entering the non-championship events.
‡ Non-championship event.

</doc>
<doc id="20845083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845083" title="List of Daktari episodes">
List of Daktari episodes

This is a list of "Daktari" episodes (1966–1968) in the order in which they were released.

</doc>
<doc id="20845085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845085" title="Hunyadi family">
Hunyadi family

The Hunyadi family (also "Hunyady" in historical sources) was a Hungarian noble family strongest in the Late Middle Ages. According to the majority of sources they were of Wallachian (Romanian) ancestry. This is claimed by medieval authors, and by many modern historians, however there are also theories about Cuman or Slavic ancestries.
The first recorded member of the family was Serbe (also called Serb, Serban or Sorb), most likely from Wallachia, who settled in Hunyad county in Transylvania, Kingdom of Hungary. The name Serbe might be of Turkic or Slavic origin because there are researches suggesting Tatar-Cuman or Slavic descendance. His son Vojk (alternatively spelled as Voyk or Vajk in English, "Voicu" in Romanian, "Vajk" in Hungarian), adopted the name László and practiced Catholicism (a common practice among Romanian cnezes from Transylvania; from the Angevin Dynasty on, Hungarian nobles were barred from practicing Orthodoxy). Vajk was the second known in the Hunyady family to be a Roman Catholic. He was ennobled in 1409 and received the estate of Hunyad Castle (now Hunedoara in Romania, then "Hunyadvár", now "Vajdahunyad" in Hungarian) which was to become the hereditary seat of the family. Many Hungarian noble families had Vlach (Romanian) ancestry and intermarriage between the two did not even become controversial until after the Ottoman wars. 
The royal donation had elevated the Hunyadi family to the top ranks of the lesser (nonbaronial) group of Hungarian nobility. Proprietors of a domain containing 40 villages, they were considered as well-to-do as but ranked far below the great magnates who formed the king’s council and exercised the real power in the country.
Origin of the name Corvin.
The origins of the name Corvin are still unclear. There exist a number of theories on the etymology of the Corvin name. The most widely accepted theory is that Corvin refers to the Corvus which appears on their coat of arms, however a connection to the Kovin/(Kubin, Keve in Hungarian; Covinum in Latin) town – "in Corvino vico, as Bonfini wrote" – is also possible.
The origins of the Coat of Arms of the Hunyadi family, which depicts a raven holding a golden ring in its beak, are unclear. The "Silesian Annals" state that when a raven carried off a ring King Matthias had removed from his finger, Matthias chased the bird down and slew him, retrieving the ring, and in commemoration of this event he took the raven as a symbol for his signet sign. 
Others think that the Coat of Arms was derived from another property of the family, Raven’s Rock ("Hollókő" in Hungarian). Another legend says that when young Matthias was in prison in Prague his mother was able to send him a letter with a raven (that is why the Hungarian Postal Service had a raven as its symbol for more than a century).
Hunyadi battleship.
The second battleship of the "Ersatz Monarch" class of the Austro-Hungarian Navy (officially known as "Schiff IX") was to be named "Hunyadi". The ship was never completed due to the outbreak of World War One which interrupted all major warship construction in Austria-Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="20845097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845097" title="Richard Utgenannt">
Richard Utgenannt

Richard Utgenannt was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II, while in command of the 3rd Company, 4th SS Panzer Battalion (4th SS Polizei Division), in November 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="20845099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845099" title="Scopophobia (DVD)">
Scopophobia (DVD)

__NOTOC__
"Scopophobia" is a DVD release by Therapy? on Eagle Vision, a subsidiary of Eagle Rock Entertainment on 27 October 2003. The bulk of the DVD is a full length 19 track concert recorded live at the Mandela Hall, Belfast on 6 June 2003. 
Bonus features include 11 promo video clips, a quick Q&A session with the four band members, and a 30 minute hidden feature following the band on their European tour in May/June 2003 in support of their High Anxiety album. 
In 2004, Eagle Vision released a 2-disk limited edition version of the DVD featuring an audio cd of the concert.
Gold: The Videos.
__NOTOC__
"Gold: The Videos" is a DVD release by Therapy? on Universal Music. It was released on 7 July 2007. The collection features promo videos filmed between 1992 and 1998 while the band were signed to A&M Records.
The DVD was released without any input from the band. Only 4 ("Turn", "Opal Mantra", "Stories" and "Church Of Noise") of the 12 videos were not previously released on 2003's "Scopophobia".

</doc>
<doc id="20845114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845114" title="Feria de Tristán Narvaja">
Feria de Tristán Narvaja

Tristán Narvaja street market (in Spanish, Feria de Tristán Narvaja) is a traditional street market that takes place every Sunday in Montevideo.
In the middle of Cordón neighbourhood, Tristán Narvaja street (which honors the 19th century lawmaker) stretches from 18 de Julio Avenue through La Paz street. It lodges several bookstores and antique shops; and every Sunday, from very early in the morning till mid-afternoon, it fills with salespeople and public.
It is the Montevidean equivalent of a flea market. Furniture, antique items, pets, books, as well as food, fruit and vegetables, are to be found there. Many foreigners come here in search for rare objects.

</doc>
<doc id="20845116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845116" title="2003 Speedway World Cup Qualification">
2003 Speedway World Cup Qualification

The 2003 Speedway World Cup Qualification (SWC) was a series of motorcycle speedway meetings used to determine the three national teams to qualify for the 2003 Speedway World Cup. According to the FIM rules the top nine nations from the 2002 Speedway World Cup were automatically qualified.

</doc>
<doc id="20845131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845131" title="Plasmodium paddae">
Plasmodium paddae

Plasmodium paddae is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium" subgenus "Haemamoeba". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. paddae" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are birds. 
Description.
This species was described by Brumpt in 1935.
Vectors.
"Culex pipiens"

</doc>
<doc id="20845132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845132" title="Strengths and weaknesses (personality)">
Strengths and weaknesses (personality)

Strengths and weaknesses generally refer to a person's character.
Often a strength can be a weakness, and vice versa, a weakness can be a strength. In Chinese philosophy, yin and yang (e.g., dark and light) are described as complementary opposites within a greater whole. 
For example, here are some strengths and weaknesses by personality type.

</doc>
<doc id="20845136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845136" title="Humen Railway Station">
Humen Railway Station

Humen Railway Station (), formerly Dongguan South Railway Station (), is a station in Baisha Village (), Humen Town (), Dongguan, Guangdong, China. It is one of the stations of Guangzhou–Shenzhen–Hong Kong Express Rail Link (), between New Guangzhou Railway Station in Panyu and Futian Railway Station in Shenzhen.
Humen Railway Station is connected to the opposite Dongchong Town, Panyu by a 10.8-km-long underwater railway tunnel near the estuary of the Pearl River, Shiziyang Tunnel, at Shiziyang Channel (). The completion of the tunnel was reported in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20845143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845143" title="Mathurin Robicheau">
Mathurin Robicheau

Mathurin Robicheau (– after 1878) was a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Clare township from 1855 to 1859 and Digby County from 1859 to 1867 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was the son of Aramand Robicheau and Rosalie Bourque. He served as a justice of the peace from 1856 to 1878. He was married twice: first to Charlotte Belliveau and then to Monique Comeau. In 1867, he was put in charge of the light station at Cape Ste. Marie.
His brother Frederick A. Robicheau also served in the provincial assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20845167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845167" title="Syzygium moorei">
Syzygium moorei

Syzygium moorei is a rare sub tropical rainforest tree, growing on volcanic soils in the Mount Warning area of north east New South Wales and south east Queensland, Australia. Common names include Coolamon, Watermelon Tree, Durobby and Robby; it is also called "rose apple" but this can refer to many species of "Syzygium".
Description.
Syzgyium moorei is a beautiful canopy tree of sub tropical rainforest, reaching 40 metres in height, and 60 centimetres wide. The bark is a grey/fawn/reddish colour, not buttressed at the base, some larger specimens are flanged at the base.
The leaves are unusual for a New South Wales myrtle, being large, thick and heavy. 8 to 20 cm long with a short blunt point at the tip.
Flowers and fruit.
An unusual factor of this tree is cauliflory. Where flower and fruit form on the main stems or woody trunks rather than from new growth and shoots. This is mostly a tropical feature, and unusual in rainforest trees so far south in New South Wales.
In November to February, pink or orange flowers form in dense panicles on mature branches. The berry is white or pale green up to 6 cm in diameter, maturing around Easter time. The fruit is not pleasant to eat raw, but is an excellent ingredient in mixed preserves. The large seed germinates well after many months. Most seedlings appear in November and December.
Location.
A few mature specimens can still be seen in the farmland areas in their former range near streams at low altitude. This tree is in many botanic gardens in Australia. The pink flowers and beautiful form make it a popular park and garden tree. There is a superb specimen at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Sydney. It's also seen as a street tree in Murwillumbah, Brisbane and other nearby localities.

</doc>
<doc id="20845169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845169" title="Pandav Falls">
Pandav Falls

The Pandav Falls is a waterfall in Panna district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.].
The falls.
It is about high. The Pandav Falls is located on a tributary of the Ken River, as it plunges over the falls to join it.
Mythology.
The waterfall gets its name from a local legend that in times gone by the five exiled Pandava brothers of the epic poem Mahabharata visited this region. Remains of caves and shrines that commemorate this legend can be seen around the pool below.
Location.
Pandav Falls is about off the highway. It is from Panna and from Khajuraho.Raneh Falls is located nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="20845176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845176" title="Haemoproteus">
Haemoproteus

Haemoproteus is a genus of protozoa that are parasitic in birds, reptiles and amphibians. Its name is derived from Greek: "Haima" - blood and "Proteus" - a sea god who had the power of assuming different shapes. The name "Haemoproteus" was first used in the description of "Haemoproteus columbae" in the blood of the pigeon "Columba livia" by Kruse in 1890. This was also the first description of this genus. Two other genera - "Halteridium" and "Simondia" - are now considered to be synonyms of "Haemoproteus".
The protozoa are intracellular parasites that infect the erythrocytes. They are transmitted by blood sucking insects including mosquitoes, biting midges ("Culicoides"), louse flies ("Hippoboscidae") and tabanid flies ("Tabanidae"). Infection with this genus is sometimes known as pseudomalaria because of the parasites' similarities with "Plasmodium" species.
Within the genus there are at least 173 species, 5 varieties and 1 subspecies. Of these over 140 occur in birds, 16 in reptiles and 3 in amphibia: 14 orders and 50 families of birds are represented. These include gamebirds ("Galliformes"), waterfowl ("Anseriformes"), raptors ("Accipitriformes", "Falconiformes", "Strigiformes"), pigeons and doves ("Columbiformes"), and perching birds or songbirds ("Passeriformes").
History.
The first description of this genus was in 1890 by Kruse who described "Haemoproteus columbae" in the blood of the pigeon
"Columba livia". McCallum in 1897 showed that the process of exflagellation was part of sexual reproduction in these parasites and thought it probable that the same process occurred in "Plasmodium". The first record of a haemoproteid parasite in a reptile was by Simond in 1901 who gave it the name "Haemamoeba metchnikovi". The Sergent brothers in 1906 showed that the ectoparasitic fly "Pseudolynchia canariensis" was the vector of "Haemoproteus columbae". Aragao in 1908 demonstrated the schizogonic stages of "Haemoproteus columbae" in the endothelial cells of the lungs of nestling pigeons infected by the bite of infected "Pseudolynchia". It was generally believed that transmission of the parasites was by regurgitation during a blood meal until Adie showed that the parasites develop in the salivary glands in a fashion analogous to that of "Plasmodium" in mosquitoes.
The genus "Halterium" was created by the French parasitologist Alphonse Labbe for a species he observed with gametocytes in erythrocytes, with pigment granules, and halter-shaped when fully formed. This genus was soon subsumed into the genus "Haemoproteus".
The genus "Haemocystidium" was created to give a name to the haemoproteid of a gecko belonging to the genus "Hemidactylus" in Sri Lanka by Castellani and Willey in 1904. A second species in this genus was described in 1909 by Johnston and Cleland who found pigmented gametocytes in the blood of the Australian tortoise "Chelodina longicollis". These species were transferred to "Haemoproteus" in 1926 by Wenyon.
The genus was resurrected by Garnham in 1966 when he created a new generic name - "Simondia" - for the haemoproteids of
chelonians. He followed the opinions of Wenyon, Hewitt and DeGiusti and suggested that all these parasites belonged to
the one species - "Simondia metchnikovi". He retained the name "Haemocystidium" for the haemoproteids of lizards.
A different genus of vectors was identified in 1957 by Fallis and Wood when they identified "Haemoproreus nettionis" in "Culicoides downesi" Wirth and Hubert in Ontario, Canada.
Levine and Campbell in 1971 moved all the species in "Simondia" and "Haemocystidium" into "Haemoproteus" an opinion that was followed by subsequent authors.
The genus "Haemocystidium" was resurrected again by Telford in 1996 when he described three new species of protozoa in geckos from Pakistan.
This genus like those of many protozoa may be further modified once additional DNA sequences are available.
Life cycle.
The infective stage is the sporozoite which is present in the salivary glands of the vector. Once the vector bites a new host, the sporozoites enter the blood stream and invade endothelial cells of blood vessels within various tissues including those of the lung, liver and spleen. Within the endothelial cells, the sporozoites undergo asexual reproduction becoming schizonts. These in turn produce numerous merozoites which penetrate the erythrocytes and mature into either female gametocytes (macrogametocytes) or male gametocytes (microgametocytes). Gametocytes can then be ingested by another blood-sucking insect where they undergo sexual reproduction in the midgut of the insect to produce oocysts. The oocysts rupture and release numerous sporozoites that invade the salivary gland and serve as a focus of subsequent infection for another host once the insect takes its next blood meal.
Evolution.
The earliest known fossil is of a "Haemoproteus" like organism ("Paleohaemoproteus burmacis") was found in the abdominal cavity of a female biting midge trapped 100 million years ago in amber found in Myanmar.
Diagnostic criteria.
Pigment granules are refractile and yellow to brown in colour.
General description.
Only gametocytes are found in the blood.
Asexual reproduction occurs in body organs especially the liver.
The organisms occupy the majority of the cytoplasm, leaving the a light magenta, finely granular, pink nucleus centrally located.
Taxonomy of this genus is difficult as there are few distinct morphological differences between the recognised species. Many of them were described under the 'one species-one hos't hypothesis which is now thought to be potentially misleading. The morphological features most commonly used to describe a species include the number of pigment granules, the degree of encirclement of the host nucleus, the size of the parasite, the degree of host nucleus displacement and the degree of host cell enlargement. DNA studies should help to clarify this area but to date have rarely been undertaken.
The gametocytes have five basic forms
Subgenera.
The species infecting avian hosts have been divided into two subgenera - "Haemoproteus" and "Parahaemoproteus" - a division proposed in 1965 by Bennett et al. These may be distinguished as follows:
"Haemoproteus": Vectors are hippoboscid flies ("Hippoboscidae"). Exflagellation does not occur below 20 degrees Celsius. Mature oocysts have diameters greater than 20 micrometres. The average length of the sporozoites is less than 10 micrometres. One end of the sporozoite is more pointed than the other. Although the majority are parasites of the Columbiformes, some species from this subgenus have also been reported in the Charadriiformes, Pelecaniformes and Suliformes.
"Parahaemoproteus": Parasites of birds other than the Columbiformes. Vectors are biting midges ("Ceratopogonidae"). Exflagellation occurs below 20 degrees Celsius. Mature oocysts have diameters less than 20 micrometres. The average length of the sporozoites is greater than 10 micrometres. Both ends of the sporozoite are equally pointed.
Pathology.
Infections with most "Haemoproteus" species appear to produce subclinical infections.
Post-mortem findings include enlargement of the spleen, liver and kidneys. These organs may appear chocolate-brown due to hemozoin deposition. Cytologic imprints may reveal schizont-laden endothelial cells. Some species of "Haemoproteus" will also form large, cyst-like bodies within the skeletal muscles that resembling those seen with "Sarcocystis" species infections.
Pigeons infected with "Haemoproteus columbae" may develop enlarged gizzards.
Flocks of bobwhite quail ("Colinus virginianus") may become infected with "Haemoproteus lophortyx". Infected birds may suffer from reluctance to move, ruffled appearance, prostration and death. Other findings include parasitemia and anemia. Large megaloschizonts may be present in skeletal muscles, particularly those of the thighs and back. The average cumulative mortality for flocks experiencing outbreaks may be over 20%.
Experimental infection of turkeys with "Haemoproteus meleagridis" resulted in lameness, diarrhea, depression, emaciation, anorexia and occasionally anemia.
Muscovey ducks infected with "Haemoproteus nettionis" suffered lameness, dyspnea and sudden death.
In other avian species, anemia, anorexia and depression have been reported occasionally.
Effect on vectors.
"H. columbae" infects rock pigeons ("Columba livia") and is vectored by a hippoboscid fly ("Pseudolynchia canariensis"). Both sexes of vector can transmit the parasite. Species of the "Hippoboscoidea" the superfamily to which "Ps. canariensis" belongs do not lay eggs. Instead the larvae hatch "in utero", are fed internally by 'milk glands' and pass through three morphological stages before being deposited to pupate. The survival of female flies is significantly reduced when they were infected with the parasite. In contrast no effect is seen on male fly survival. Additionally the females produce fewer offspring when infected but the quality of the offspring does not seem to be affected.
Avian families affected.
The concept of a "one host-one species" was originally used in the taxonomy of this genus as it appears that the parasites are at least moderately host specific. After this rule was found to be incorrect, it was suggested that the avian parasite species were limited to single avian families. From an inspection of the host records above it is clear that this is not the case.
The avian species known to be infected are listed below:
Order Accipitriformes
Family Accipitridae
Family Cathartidae
Order Anseriformes
Family Anatidae
Order Charadriiformes
Family Laridae
Order Ciconiiformes
Family Ciconiidae
Order Columbiformes
Family Columbidae
Order Coraciiformes
Family Alcedinidae
Family Brachypteraciidae
Family Bucerotidae
Order Falconiformes
Family Falconidae
Order Galliformes
Family Numididae
Family Odontophoridae
Family Phasianidae
Family Tetraonidae
Order Gruiformes
Family Gruidae
Family Otidae
Order Passeriformes
Family Acrocephalidae
Family Corvidae
Family Dicruridae
Family Emberizidae
Family Estrildidae
Family Fringillidae
Family Hirundinidae
Family Icteridae
Family Laniidae
Family Meliphagidae
Family Mimidae
Family Motacillidae
Family Muscicapidae
Family Nectariniidae
Family Oriolidae
Family Paridae 
Family Paradisaeidae
Family Parulidae
Family Passeridae
Family Ploceidae
Family Pycnonotidae
Family Sturnidae
Family Sylviidae
Family Thraupidae
Family Timaliidae
Family Turdidae
Family Vangidae
Family Zosteropidae
Order Pelecaniformes
Family Fregatidae
Family Threskiornithidae
Order Piciformes
Family Megalaimidae
Family Picidae
Order Phoenicopteriformes
Family Phoenicopteridae
Order Psittaciformes
Family Cacatuidae
Family Psittacidae
Order Strigiformes
Family Strigidae
Notes.
"Haemoproteus balazuci" Dias 1953 is a junior synonym of "Haemoproteus testudinalis"
"Haemoproteus gymnorhidis" de Mello 1936, "Haemoproteus granulosum" Rey Vila 1945, "Haemoproteus danilewskyi var. urbanensis" Sachs 1953 and "Haemoproteus zasukhini" Burtikashvili 1973 are considered to be synonyms of "Haemoproteus passeris" Kruse 1890.
"Haemoproteus rouxi" Novy and MacNeal 1904 is a "nomen nudum".

</doc>
<doc id="20845182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845182" title="Vasudevapuram Tavanur">
Vasudevapuram Tavanur

Vasudevapuram SriKrishna Temple Tavanur (ശ്രീ വാസുദേവപുരം ശ്രീകൃഷ്ണ ക്ഷേത്രം).
Tavanur 
Sri Vasudevapuram Temple is one among the three ancient great temples (Maha Kshetram) on the Southern bank of the holy river Bharathapuzha. Sri Vasudevapuram Temple is situated to the east of the other two great temples viz. Maha Siva Temple and Brahma temple (these temples along with the famous Thirunavaya Maha Vishnu temple across the river forms the great trilogy in Sanatana Dharma)
This temple is situated in a serene atmosphere in the middle of a wooded area (42 cents) resembling that of Sabarimala. The temple belonged to Maravanchery Mana and now it has been handed over to a registered trust of devotees.
The beautiful and unique Sri Krishna idol made of jet black stone is in the form of child Sri Krishna with butter in both hands. It is believed to have been the idol worshiped by Vilwamangalam Swamiyar.
"Sri Vasudevapuram" temple is built for Vilwamangalam Swamiyar's mother for offering prayer during her old age. Vilwamangalam Swamiyar was so great a Bhaktha (devotee of) Sri Krishna that he was said to possess the ability to actually "see" him. He was instrumental in setting up several famous temples in Kerala such as Thiruvananthapuram, Thiruvaarppu, and Cherthala Kaarthiaayani.
Legends.
Lord Sri Krishna as a child appeared to a mahatma who was a devout Brahmin and a yathi varyan (Vilwamangalam Swamiyar). He worshiped Lord Sri Krishna in child form in a unique idol. After the disappearance of his mortal body, that devine idol was installed in a temple as per temple rituals for the benefit of common people. The village was dedicated to the Lord of this temple and was rechristened Vasudevapuram. Later a devotee of Lord Shiva brought a Shiva lingam and installed it in the temple for his worship. Ganapathi and Sastha idols were also installed in the temple.
Festivals.
Ashtami Rohini in Chingam (August-September) is the birthday of Lord Krishna.
That is celebrated every year with cultural programs, procession, and special poojas including Guru pooja (Yatheeswara pooja). The devotees are given special feast on this day.
Niraputhari: This takes place in the month of Chingam. Puthari means new rice. It is the formal beginning of the use of rice after the new harvest season. It is a tradition in Sanatana Dharma that any food, item or work is offered (dedicated) to Lord before it is used. Puthari payasam is offered to Lord.
Kuchela Dinam: The first Wednesday of the month of Dhanu (December) is celebrated as Kuchela Dinam. It is based on the belief that it was on this day that Kuchela, an ardent devotee of Lord Krishna offered Avil (parched rice) to him and in return attained eternal bliss and material prosperity . Avil offering is considered auspicious on this day.
Notes.
6. See video: A visit to Vasudevapuram

</doc>
<doc id="20845185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845185" title="Jimmy Crease">
Jimmy Crease

James 'Jimmy' Crease born 1949, is a Scottish football manager and former player.
Crease played for Berwick Rangers and Albion Rovers in the Scottish Football League. He has since managed Albion Rovers, Arniston Rangers, Fauldhouse United, Linlithgow Rose and he has had four spells as manager of Berwick Rangers.
Crease first managed Berwick between 1992 and 1994. He then managed Albion Rovers, but resigned from that position in December 1995. Following a spell managing Junior teams in the East of Scotland Junior League, he returned to Berwick in 2005 as general manager. Following the resignation of John Coughlin in October 2007, Michael Renwick in April 2008 and Alan McGonigal in November 2008, he acted as caretaker manager. Following the resignation of McGonigall he said that he would only act as a caretaker but it was announced on 20 December 2008 that he would retain the managers position until the end of the 2008-09 season. Berwick reached the fourth round of the 2010–11 Scottish Cup, where they lost 2–0 to eventual winners Celtic. They also defeated Partick Thistle in the 2011–12 Scottish League Cup, but Crease left the club in October 2011 after Berwick was beaten in a 2011–12 Scottish Cup tie by Deveronvale.

</doc>
<doc id="20845187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845187" title="William Davidson (conspirator)">
William Davidson (conspirator)

William Davidson (1781–1820) was an African-Caribbean radical executed by the British government
Early years.
Davidson was the illegitimate son of the Jamaican Attorney General and a local black woman. At age fourteen he travelled to Glasgow to study law. In Scotland he became involved in the movement for parliamentary reform. He apprenticed to a Liverpool lawyer, but ran away to sea. Later, he was press-ganged into the Royal Navy.
After his discharge, he returned to Scotland. His father arranged for him to study mathematics in Aberdeen. Davidson withdrew from study, moved to Birmingham, and started a cabinet-making business. He courted the daughter of a prosperous merchant. Her father suspected that Davidson was after her £7,000 dowry, and arranged for Davidson to be arrested on a false charge. When Davidson discovered she had married someone else he attempted suicide by taking poison.
Davidson's cabinet-making business failed, and he moved to London. He married Sarah Lane, a working-class widow with four children. They had two more children. Davidson became a Wesleyan Methodist, and taught at the Sunday School. However, he left after he was accused of attempting to seduce a female student.
Political activism.
Following the Peterloo Massacre, William Davidson became involved in radical politics again. In October 1819 Richard Carlile was found guilty of blasphemy and seditious libel, and sentenced to three years imprisonment. Davidson said that this had caused him to lose his belief in God. He joined the Marylebone Union Reading Society, a club which offered a reading room of radical newspapers such as the Republican and the "Manchester Observer" for a subscription of twopence a week. He also read the works of Tom Paine.
Davidson met John Harrison at the Marylebone Union. Harrison was a member of the Spencean Philanthropists in London. Davidson soon became a Spencean. He met Arthur Thistlewood, and after a few months he became one of the Committee of Thirteen that ran the organisation.
In February 1820, George Edwards, a government provocateur, drew Davidson and Thistlewood and twenty seven other Spenceans into a plot to kill government cabinet officers as they dined at Lord Harrowby's house at 39 Grosvenor Square on 23 February. Thistlewood selected Davidson as one of an Executive of Five to organise the assassinations.
Davidson had worked for Lord Harrowby in the past, and knew some of his staff at Grosvenor Square. His job was to find out more details about the cabinet meeting. One of the servants told him that the Earl of Harrowby was not in London. Davidson relayed this information to Arthur Thistlewood, who believed that the servant was lying, and ordered the conspirators to proceed with the plot.
On the 23rd February the Cato Street Conspiracy met in a hayloft on Cato Street, near Grosvenor Square. However, there was no cabinet meeting: the Spenceans had been set up by George Edwards.
George Ruthven led thirteen police officers to storm the hay loft. Several revolutionaries refused to surrender their weapons. Thistlewood shot and killed police officer Richard Smithers. When the co-conspirators tried to escape, Benjamin Gill hit Davidson on the wrist with his truncheon, and he dropped his blunderbuss. Four conspirators, Thistlewood, John Brunt, Robert Adams and John Harrison escaped through a window. However, their identities were known due to a list Edwards supplied the police, and arrested.
Eleven men were charged with involvement in the Cato Street Conspiracy. Robert Adams testified against the other men, and charges against him were dropped. Davidson pleaded innocence and claimed the court was prejudiced against black people. However, his presence at the scene with a blunderbuss lead to his conviction.
On 28 April 1820, William Davidson, James Ings, Richard Tidd, Arthur Thistlewood, and John Brunt were found guilty of high treason, and sentenced to death. John Harrison, James Wilson, Richard Bradburn, John Strange and Charles Copper were also found guilty. However their death sentences were subsequently commuted to transportation for life.
William Davidson, with his four fellow conspirators, was publicly hanged and decapitated outside Newgate Prison on the 1 May 1820.

</doc>
<doc id="20845189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845189" title="Druse (botany)">
Druse (botany)

Druse are groups of crystals of calcium oxalate, silicates, or carbonates present in plants. Calcium oxalate (Ca(COO)2, CaOx) crystals are found in algae, angiosperms and gymnosperms in a total of more than 215 families. These plants accumulate oxalate in the range of 3%-80% (w/w) of their dry weight via a biomineralization process in a variety of shapes. "Araceae" have numerous druse, multi-crystal druse and needle shaped raphide crystals of CaOx present in the tissue. Druse are also found in leaves and bud scales of "Prunus", "Roses", Allium, "Vitus", "Morus" and "Phaseolus". The poisonous substances in druse are thought to be a defense against herbivory.
How Druse are Formed.
A number of biochemical pathways for calcium oxalate biomineralization in plants have been proposed. Among these are the cleavage of isocitrate, the hydrolysis of oxaloacetate, glycolate/glyoxylate oxidation, and/or oxidative cleavage of L-ascorbic acid. The cleavage of ascorbic acid appears to be the most studied pathway. The specific mechanism controlling this process is unclear but it has been suggested that a number of factors influence crystal shape and growth, such as proteins, polysaccharides, and lipids or macromolecular membrane structures. Druse may also have some purpose in calcium regulation.

</doc>
<doc id="20845195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845195" title="Monica Vera">
Monica Vera

Monica Vera is a Spanish pornographic actress.

</doc>
<doc id="20845227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845227" title="Dock connector">
Dock connector

A dock connector is a connector used to attach a mobile electronic device simultaneously to multiple external resources. The dock connector will typically carry a variety of signals and power, through a single connector, to simplify the process of docking the mobile device. A dock connector may be embedded in a mechanical fixture used to support or align the mobile device or may be at the end of a cable.
The dock connector was originally associated with laptops, but other mobile devices use the concept.
Laptops.
Docking connectors for laptop computers are usually embedded into a mechanical device that supports and aligns the laptop and sports various single function ports and a power source that are aggregated into the docking connector. Docking connectors would carry interfaces such as keyboard, serial, parallel, and video ports from the laptop and supply power to it.
Mobile devices.
Many mobile devices feature a dock connector. 
Dock connector can be used to interface with accessories such as external speakers, including stereo systems and clock radios. Automotive accessories for the mobile devices include charging cradles, FM transmitters for playing audio through the car's speakers and a GPS receiver. There are dock connector cables that offer additional capability such as direct integration with the car's audio system and controls.
Apple 30-pin dock connector.
The Apple dock connector is a proprietary 30-pin connector that was common to most Apple mobile devices (iPhone, iPhone 3G, iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, 1st through 4th generation iPod Touch, iPad, iPad 2, and iPad (3rd generation)) from its introduction with the 3rd generation iPod in 2003 until the Lightning connector was released in September 2012. Originally, the Apple dock connector carried USB, FireWire, some controls and line-level audio outputs. As the iPod changed, so did the signals in the dock connector. Video was added to the connector. FireWire was phased out of the iPods, which led to a discontinuity in usage of the dock connector.
As a result of the popularity of Apple's iPod and iPhone devices using the connector, a cottage industry was created of third-party devices that could connect to the interface.
Apple Lightning connector.
Apple introduced a new 8-pin dock connector, named "Lightning", on September 12, 2012. The iPhone 5, iPhone 5S, iPhone 5C, the fifth generation iPod Touch, seventh generation iPod Nano, all iPad minis, 4th generation iPad and iPad Air use the Lighting connector. Apple Lightning connector pins can be accessed from both sides of the connector allowing insertion with either side facing up. The Lightning connector replaced the 30-pin dock connector used by previous generations of iPods, iPhones, and iPads. Apple continues to sell the iPad 2 and the iPhone 4S, with the 30-pin connector as of September 10, 2013.
The durability of the Lightning Connector is in question. The length of the connector that remains outside the device, relative to the small portion of the connector that lodges inside the device, allows for sufficient torque to be applied to the connector under normal operating conditions to break off the connector inside the device.
Samsung 30-pin dock connector.
The Samsung Galaxy Tab and Galaxy Note 30-pin dock/charging connector is very similar to - although not identical with - the non-proprietary PDMI connector. It is unrelated to the Apple 30-pin connector.
Korean standard cellular phone 24-pin and 20-pin dock connectors.
the 2001 Korean Telecommunications Technology Association (TTA) "Standard on I/O Connection Interface of Digital Cellular Phone" defined a 24-pin electromechanical interface specifications for cellular phone charging, wired data communication, analog audio, etc. The 2007 updated version has only 20 pins but added composite video output support among other changes. 
Portable Digital Media Interface (PDMI).
The Portable Digital Media Interface (PDMI) is a 30-pin interconnection standard for portable media players. It was developed by the Consumer Electronics Association as ANSI/CEA-2017-A, "Common Interconnection for Portable Media Players" in February 2010. The standard was developed with the input or support of over fifty consumer electronics companies worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20845229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845229" title="Sidna Ali Mosque">
Sidna Ali Mosque

The Sidna 'Ali Mosque (, "Masjid Sidna 'Ali"; , "Misgad Sidna Ali") is a Muslim place of worship located in the depopulated village of Al-Haram on the beach in the northern part of Herzliya in Israel.
History.
The mosque was originally a 13th-century Mamluk construction built in honour of one of Saladin's lieutenants who fought bravely against the Crusaders and died in a battle on the hill on which the mosque now stands. His shrine is now housed within the building.
It now serves both as a mosque and as a religious school.
Architecture.
During the turn of the century it was rebuilt as a caravanserai and went through restorations in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20845234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845234" title="Dagmar C. G. Lorenz">
Dagmar C. G. Lorenz

Dagmar C. G. Lorenz is Professor of Germanic Studies and from 2006 to 2010 served as Director of Jewish Studies at the University of Illinois at Chicago. She teaches and publishes on Austrian, German and German-Jewish literature and culture, and Holocaust Studies. She was born in Goslar, West Germany and began her studies (German, English, Philosophy, Pedagogy) at the University of Goettingen (Germany). She completed her Ph.D. in German (1973) and her MA in English (1974) at the University of Cincinnati. She taught at Rutgers University/Douglass College (1974/5), Ohio State University, Columbus (1975-1982 Assistant Professor; 1982-1988 Associate Professor; 1989-1998 Professor), University of Illinois at Chicago (1998-present; Interim Head, Germanic Studies 2002-2003), and held a Visiting Professorship at the University of Chicago (2000). She served as the editor of The German Quarterly (1997-2003) and held offices with MLA, GSA, MALCA, and AATG.

</doc>
<doc id="20845241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845241" title="Panobinostat">
Panobinostat

Panobinostat (LBH-589) is an experimental drug developed by Novartis for the treatment of various cancers. It is a hydroxamic acid and acts as a non-selective histone deacetylase inhibitor (HDAC inhibitor).
Clinical trials.
, it is being tested against Hodgkin's Lymphoma, cutaneous T cell lymphoma (CTCL) and other types of malignant disease in Phase III clinical trials, against myelodysplastic syndromes, breast cancer and prostate cancer in Phase II trials, and against chronic myelomonocytic leukemia (CMML) in a Phase I trial.
Panobinostat is currently being used in a Phase I/II clinical trial that aims at curing AIDS in patients on highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART). In this technique panobinostat is used to drive the HI virus's DNA out of the patient's DNA, in the expectation that the patient's immune system in combination with HAART will destroy it.
Preclinical studies.
Panobinostat has been found to synergistically act with sirolimus to kill pancreatic cancer cells in the laboratory in a Mayo Clinic study. In the study, investigators found that this combination destroyed up to 65 percent of cultured pancreatic tumor cells. The finding is significant because the three cell lines studied were all resistant to the effects of chemotherapy – as are many pancreatic tumors.
Panobinostat has also been found to significantly increase "in vitro" the survival of motor neuron (SMN) protein levels in cells of patients suffering from spinal muscular atrophy.
Panobinostat was able to selectively target triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) cells by inducing hyperacetylation and cell cycle arrest at the G2-M DNA damage checkpoint; partially reversing the morphological changes characteristic of breast cancer cells.
Panobinostat, along with other HDAC inhibitors, is also being studied for potential to induce virus HIV-1 expression in latently infected cells and disrupt latency. These resting cells are not recognized by the immune system as harboring the virus and do not respond to antiretroviral drugs.
Mechanism of action.
Panobinostat inhibits multiple histone deacetylase enzymes, a mechanism leading to apoptosis of malignant cells via multiple pathways.

</doc>
<doc id="20845252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845252" title="Broadford Football Club">
Broadford Football Club

The Broadford Football Club, is an Australian rules football club and located 88 km north of Melbourne in the town of Broadford and is affiliated with the Riddell District Football League.
The return to the Riddell District Football League in 2009 will eliminate the bye from both the Riddell and the Heathcote competitions.
Premierships (20).
1909, 1911, 1919, 1924, 1925, 1926, 1927, 1929, 1930, 1938, 1939, 1940, 1949, 1971, 1972, 1973, 1974, 1981, 1984, 1996
Runners Up (7).
1910, 1912, 1940, 1959, 1977, 1978, 1979 
2004 troubles.
Broadford was warned by the VCFL to clean ups it act after ten players had fronted the tribunal during the year. One opposition player had his jaw broken in a behind the play incident. The Broadford coach, Paul Tilley, was suspended for two years because of his actions.

</doc>
<doc id="20845265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845265" title="John Burgess (bagpiper)">
John Burgess (bagpiper)

Pipe Major John Davie Burgess MBE (11 March 1934 - 29 June 2005) was one of the most eminent players of the Scots bagpipes. 
Burgess was born in Aberdeen. He began playing at the age of four, and gained international fame as a child prodigy, before turning professional at the age of sixteen. In 1950 he became the youngest ever winner of the Gold Medals for piobaireachd at both the Argyllshire Gathering in Oban and the Northern Meeting in Inverness, and he went on to become known as the 'King Of The Highland Pipers'.

</doc>
<doc id="20845280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845280" title="Frederick A. Woodworth">
Frederick A. Woodworth

Frederick A. Woodworth, Esq. (d. February 12, 1865) was a prominent San Francisco businessman, attorney, and member of the Society of California Pioneers and Woodworth political family.
San Francisco.
Born in New York City, Frederick came to San Francisco in May 1849. He was the son of Samuel Woodworth, brother of Selim E. Woodworth, and descendant of colonial settler Walter Woodworth. He would serve as a State Senator, Vice-Consul of San Francisco ports, Corresponding Secretary of the Mercantile Library Association of San Francisco, and on the Committee of Vigilance. He was a founder of the Industrial School in San Francisco, including serving as a member on the Board of Managers and as their Vice-President.
Woodworth had large real estate holdings in San Francisco, including a lot at Market and Second Street where the future Grand Hotel was built. The landmark California legal case of "Woodworth v. Fulton", involving disputed property of Frederick and his brother, Selim, is still precedent, today. Frederick and his brother were considered some of the wealthiest people in San Francisco and some of the most prominent members of the Society of California Pioneers. He died unmarried and childless in 1865, leaving his fortune to the infant Locke children.
Mary Ellen Pleasant.
Woodworth and his brother were abolitionists, his brother having served in the Atlantic to end the slave trade. A fugitive slave named Mary Ellen Pleasant had come to San Francisco in 1852 aboard the steamer "Oregon". Initially she took employment working as a cook and housekeeper at the house belonging to the Case, Heiser & Company, Woodworth's commission merchant business. Pleasant would go on to become one of the original civil rights activists in America.
Welcoming the Chinese.
In 1850 there were about 100 Chinese residents in San Francisco. The city took the initiative to recognize their presence and welcome them into society, in which Frederick played a key role. Through an interpreter the residents were addressed by city leadership on August 28, 1850 at Portsmouth Square, including Frederick, in which their safety and protection were promised. The role of the Chinese-Americans in shaping the history of San Francisco would be significant.
Literature.
Woodworth edited his father's final work, "Poetical Works", in 1861. It was published in 1861 by Charles Scribner.

</doc>
<doc id="20845283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845283" title="Cape Grim massacre">
Cape Grim massacre

The Cape Grim massacre occurred 10 February 1828 in the North west of Van Diemen's Land, now known as Tasmania, when four shepherds with muskets are alleged to have ambushed over 30 Tasmanian Aborigines from the "Pennemukeer" band from Cape Grim, killing 30 and throwing their bodies over a 60 metre cliff into the sea. An unknown number were reported to have escaped. The hill where the massacre occurred was then called "Victory Hill" by the shepherds.
Background.
The frontier conflict in Tasmania between Europeans and Aborigines has been alleged to have been marked by violence, cruelty, and abduction and rape of women, with a gross imbalance in weapons. Jan Roberts said that:
In general, Aboriginal men were shot on sight and the women seized to serve the needs of shepherds and sealers, many of whom took two Aboriginal women each.
However, other historians including Josephine Flood disagree with this assessment:
Abduction and ill-treatment of Aborigines certainly occurred, but the extent of atrocities and 'massacres' has been grossly exaggerated.
In 1826 the Van Diemen's Land Company set up sheep stations at Cape Grim and at Circular Head. When the "Peerapper" band from West Point revisited Cape Grim in December 1827 they found several shepherds, their huts and many sheep. The shepherds attempted to entice some of the Aboriginal women into a hut with the Aboriginal men strongly objecting resulting in a fight with one shepherd being speared in the thigh and one Aborigine shot dead.
In revenge the tribe drove a flock of sheep over a cliff, spearing 118 of them. One contemporary source claims that in February 1828 a Van Diemen's Land company punitive expedition killed twelve Aborigines in response. However, historian Keith Windschuttle argues that the account is dubious and is most likely a distorted rumour which conflates two other events; an incident when the crew of a ship's boat attempted to fire on some Aborigines but were thwarted by wet gunpowder and the conflict between convict shepherds and Aborigines at Cape Grim.
Massacre.
According to a report by George Augustus Robinson, on 10 February 1828, four shepherds ambushed the "Pennemukeer" Aborigines from Cape Grim while they were muttonbirding, killing 30 people. First the shepherds fired upon the families camped on the beach, and then drove those who sought shelter in the rocks up the hill where they were massacred before the shepherds dumped the bodies over the cliff at Suicide Bay—the same cliff that the sheep had been driven over. The shepherds then called this "Victory Hill". The Aborigines that escaped the massacre called the white settlers at Cape Grim the "nowhummoe" or "devils" and avoided Cape Grim but occasionally plundered isolated huts for provisions.
George Augustus Robinson investigated the massacre two years later and gave this account:
On the occasion of the massacre a tribe of natives, consisting of women and children, had come to the islands. Providence had favoured them with fine weather ... They swam across, leaving their children at the rocks in the care of the elderly people. They had prepared their supply of [muttonbirds, had tied them with grass, had towed them on shore, and the whole tribe was seated round their fires partaking of their hard-earned fare, when down rushed the band of fierce barbarians thirsting for the blood of these unprotected and unoffending people. They fled, leaving their provision. Some rushed into the sea, others scrambled around the cliff and what remained the monsters put to death. Those poor creatures who had sought shelter in the cleft of the rock they forced to the brink of an awful precipice, massacred them all and threw their bodies down the precipice ... I went to the foot of the cliff where the bodies had been thrown down and saw several human bones, some of which I brought with me, and a piece of the bloody cliff. As the tide was flowing I hastened from this Golgotha.
Aftermath.
Historian Ian McFarlane has said that the responsible Magistrate, Edward Curr, a manager of the Van Diemen’s Land Company, disputed the numbers killed, did not initiate an investigation into the massacre, and also did not report the incident to Lieutenant-Governor Arthur. Keith Windschuttle argues that the report of an alleged massacre of Aborigines at the cliffs on Suicide Bay did not emerge until more than two years after the alleged massacre. The incident which Curr had declined to conduct an investigation into was what had been reported to him, an incident near the shepherds' hut during which six Aborigines were reported killed. Curr wrote to the directors of the Van Diemen's Land Company: "Now I have no doubt whatever that our men were fully impressed with the idea that the natives were there only for the purpose of surrounding and attacking them, and with that idea it would be madness for them to wait until the natives shewed their designs by making it too late for one man to escape. I considered these things at the time for I had thought of investigating the case, but I saw first that there was a strong presumption that our men were right, second if wrong it was impossible to convict them, and thirdly that the mere enquiry would induce every man to leave Cape Grim.”
Disasters continued for the north-west tribe with an ambush in February 1828 by sealers who shot one man dead and abducted seven women to Kangaroo Island. In March another ambush by sealers hiding in a cave caught 14 women swimming back to shore after catching shellfish and muttonbirds. The women were herded together, tied up and taken to Kangaroo Island for sexual servitude and slavery.
Lieutenant-Governor Arthur declared martial law on 1 November 1828 allowing roving parties to shoot or capture Aborigines for resettlement.
In 1830 it was estimated there were only 60 Aborigines of the north-west tribe where just 3 years previously the numbers had been estimated at over 500. George Augustus Robinson had been appointed to round up the last survivors of the Aboriginal tribes to take them to a "place of safety" on an island off Tasmania's north coast; however Aborigines in the north-west avoided him. In 1830 at a sealer's camp he found an 18-year-old man called Jack of Cape Grim, whose Aboriginal name was Tunnerminnerwait from the "Parperloihener" band of Robbins Island, and six abducted women. Robinson threatened the sealers with legal action unless they gave up the Aborigines, and to the Aborigines he promised safety and an eventual return to tribal areas.
On this same trip Robinson investigated the massacre, interviewing two of the shepherds and visiting Victory Hill with one of them. He also interviewed Aboriginal women living with sealers on Robbins Island. Robinson came to the conclusion that about 30 people were massacred at Cape Grim in this incident.
Historical skepticism.
Keith Windschuttle, who visited the alleged massacre site and read the archival documents, argues that the claim that four shepherds could have killed thirty Aborigines at the location is inherently implausible. The muzzle-loading flintlock muskets of the day had a limited effective range of about and were slow to reload. Windschuttle argues: “..even a child had time during reloading to run beyond the effective range..” and that such weapons cannot be fired, reloaded and fired again fast enough for four convict shepherds to kill thirty Aborigines at the alleged location before the intended victims either ran or swam out of range or turned on those shooting at them and killed them.
He also argues that Robinson's report that the shepherds forced the Aborigines from the shoreline to the edge of a cliff where they massacred them is inherently implausible given the terrain at the site. To get the Aborigines to the cliff's edge, the shepherds would have had to have climbed, and forced the Aborigines up an ascent so steep that at some points it requires that those making the ascent use their hands to do so. The shepherds would have had to have slung their muskets to make the ascent and once the Aborigines were at the top, they would have been in an area without barriers to prevent them escaping.
He has disputed the number killed by convict shepherds at Cape Grim, arguing that 6, killed in a fight near the shepherds' hut, is a more likely number, as described in the reports of Edward Curr, manager of the Van Diemen’s Land Company. Windschuttle believes Robinson exaggerated the number killed. However two other historians Ian McFarlane and Josephine Flood who have also visited the massacre site and read the archival documents, have come to the conclusion that Robinson's account is reasonably accurate.

</doc>
<doc id="20845292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845292" title="Harbans Mukhia">
Harbans Mukhia

Harbans Mukhia (born 1939) is an Indian historian whose principal area of study is medieval India.
Biography.
He received his Bachelors in Arts (BA) in history in 1958 from Kirori Mal College, Delhi University and then earned his doctorate from Department of History, Delhi University in 1969. Mukhia worked at Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), New Delhi as Professor of Medieval History at the Centre for Historical Studies. He was rector of JNU from 1999 to 2002 and retired in February 2004. 
Books.
'The Feudalism Debate" ISBN 978-81-7304-284-3 

</doc>
<doc id="20845297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845297" title="Tsarist autocracy">
Tsarist autocracy

The tsarist autocracy (, transcr. "tsarskoye samoderzhaviye") refers to a form of autocracy (later, absolute monarchy) specific to the Grand Duchy of Muscovy (which later became Tsardom of Russia and the Russian Empire). In a tsarist autocracy, all power and wealth is controlled (and distributed) by the tsar.
Alternative names.
This system has also been described by the following terms: imperial autocracy, Russian autocracy, Muscovite autocracy, tsarist absolutism, imperial absolutism, Russian absolutism, Muscovite absolutism, Muscovite despotism, Russian despotism, tsarist despotism or imperial despotism.
History.
"For the history of the term as applied to rulers in the Tsardom of Russia and the Russian Empire, see Tsar (Russia)."
The Tatar Yoke and the Mongol ideas and administrative system are credited with bringing the culture exhibiting some characteristics of an oriental despotism to Russia. Absolutism in Russia gradually developed during the 17th century and 18th centuries, replacing the despotism of the Grand Duchy of Moscow. Ivan III built upon Byzantine traditions and laid foundations for the tsarist autocracy, a system that with some variations would govern Russia for centuries.
After a period of disorder known as a Time of Troubles, the first monarch of the Romanov dynasty, Michael of Russia was elected to the throne by a Zemsky Sobor ( or "assembly of the land"). During Michael's reign, when the Romanov dynasty was still weak, such assemblies were summoned annually. However, the Romanov dynasty consolidated absolute power on Russia during the reign of Peter the Great, who reduced the power of the nobility and strengthened the central power of the tsar, establishing a bureaucratic civil service based on the Table of Ranks but theoretically open to all classes of the society, in place of the nobility-only mestnichestvo which Feodor III had abolished in 1682. Peter I also strengthened the state's control over the church (the Orthodox Church). Peter's reform caused a series of palace coups seeking to restore the power of the nobility. To end them, Catherine the Great, whose reign is often regarded as the high point of absolutism in Russia, in 1785 issued the Charter to the Nobility, legally affirming the rights and privileges they had acquired in preceding years, and the Charter of the Towns. establishing municipal self-government. This placated the gentry; however, in fact, the real power rested with the state's bureaucracy. This was built on by later Tsars. Alexander I established the State council as advisory legislative body. Although Alexander II established a system of elected local self-government (Zemstvo) and an independent judicial system, Russia did not have a national-level representative assembly (Duma) or a constitution until the 1905 Revolution. The system was abolished after the Russian Revolution of 1917.
Features.
The center of the tsarist autocracy was the person of the tsar himself, a sovereign with absolute authority. The rights of state power in their entire extent belonged to the tsar. Power was further entrusted by him to persons and institutions, acting in his name, by his orders, and within the limits laid down for them by law. The purpose of the system was to supposedly benefit the entire country of Russia. A metaphor existed likening tsar to the father, and all of the subjects of the Empire, to his children; it was even used in Orthodox primers. This metaphor is present in the common Russian expression "царь-батюшка", literally "tsar-dear father".
Furthermore, unlike western monarchies who were subjugated (in religious matters) to the Pope, the Tsar of the Russian Empire was the supreme authority on religious issues (see Church reform of Peter I and caesaropapism for details).
Another key feature was related to patrimonialism. In Russia the tsar owned a much higher proportion of the state (lands, enterprises, etc.) than did Western monarchs.
The tsarist autocracy had many supporters within Russia. Major Russian advocates and theorists of the autocracy included the world famous writer, Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Mikhail N. Katkov, Konstantin S. Aksakov, Nikolay Karamzin, Konstantin Pobedonostsev and Pyotr Semyonov. They all argued that a strong and prosperous Russia needs a strong tsar, and philosophies of republicanism and liberal democracy are not fit for Russia. To the common people, the tsar was seen as responsible for all good in their lives, while all disasters came from meddling bureaucrats, functionaries, and nobles.
In Poland, tsarist autocracy has been analyzed more critically by Stanisław Mackiewicz.
Influences.
Some historians see the traditions of tsarist autocracy as partially responsible for laying groundworks for the totalitarianism in the Soviet Union. They see the traditions of autocracy and patrimonialism as dominating Russia's political culture for centuries; for example, Stephen White wrote that Russian political culture is "rooted in the historical experience of centuries of absolutism." All of those views had been challenged by other historians (for example, Nicolai N. Petro and Martin Malia (as cited by Hoffmann)). Bureaucratic despotism, as it existed in tsarist Russia and the former Soviet Union, appeared doomed because of its choke hold on individual initiative and creativity.
Some historians have pointed to a racial element in the concept. Cold War analysts, including George Kennan, linked the Soviet government's autocratic rule to Tatar influences during its history, and biographies of Russian leaders often stressed their possible Asiatic ancestries. They maintained that Asiatic influences rendered the Russians, along with the Chinese, untrustworthy.
Notes.
a As used in those publications
b The existing literature pairs the words "Russian, tsarist, Muscovite" and "imperial" with "despotism, absolutism" and "autocracy" in all possible combinations, rarely giving clear definitions. "Tsarist" can be indeed applicable to the entire period (see also historical usage of the term "tsar"), but "Muscovite" is applicable only to the period of the Grand Duchy of Moscow, which was replaced by tsardom of Russia, a period for which the words "imperial" and "Russian" are applicable. Further, we can look at "Muscovite despotism" as a precursor for the "tsarist absolutism", however, the very use of the word despotism has problems (see following note). Finally, care should be taken with the term autocracy: today, autocrat is usually seen as synonymous with despot, tyrant and/or dictator, though each of these terms originally had a separate and distinct meaning. Overall, out of the available terms, "tsarist autocracy" is the one which seems most correct for the entire period discussed, but it is worth keeping in mind that there are no ideal types, and that the Russian political system evolved through time.
c 
As used in those publications
d 
As used in those publications
e 
As used in those publications
f 
As used in those publications
g 
As used in those publications
h 
As used in those publications
i 
As used in those publications
j 
As used in those publications
k 
It should be noted, however, that terms "oriental despotism" and its development, the "Muscovite" or "Russian despotism", have been criticized as misleading, since Muscovy, and Russia, never had characteristics of pure despotism, such as the ruler being identified with a god).
l 
As used in those publications
m 
As used in those publications
j 
As used in those publications

</doc>
<doc id="20845315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845315" title="Mink enteritis virus">
Mink enteritis virus

Mink enteritis virus (MEV) is a species of parvovirus that infects mink and causes enteritis. Like all parvoviruses, it is a small (18–26 nm), spherical virus, and has a single-stranded DNA genome. The signs and symptoms of enteritis usually appear within 4–7 days after infection. The virus replicates in the cells of the crypt epithelium in the duodenum and jejunum and, to a lesser extent the ileum, colon and caecum. The severity of the disease is directly related to necrosis of the crypt epithelium. 
Virus enteritis of mink was recognized first in 1947 when epizootics occurred among ranch mink in southern Canada. The disease subsequently spread to the United States and Europe.
Signs and symptoms.
Clinical signs include anorexia, vomiting and severe diarrhoea. Stools of affected animals usually contain large quantities of mucus and intestinal casts or "plugs" composed of fibrin, mucus and dead cells from intestinal mucosa. In immature animals, anorexia and diarrhoea usually occur about four days after exposure to infectious material and persist for four to seven days. However, infections have been reported in which anorexia was followed by death in 12 to 24 hours without the occurrence of diarrhoea. Mortality of 80 percent or more is possible in newly-weaned kits. Mature mink often survive the disease after a period of sickness which may last several weeks. In addition to the overt signs a reduction of the number of leukocytes in the blood may be found in affected animals.
Treatment.
Treatment consists of oral rehydration therapy in addition to supportive care. Surgical removal of necrotic tissue may be necessary.
See also.
Canine parvovirus

</doc>
<doc id="20845316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845316" title="Joseph Dennie">
Joseph Dennie

Joseph Dennie (August 30, 1768 – January 7, 1812) was an American author and journalist who was one of the foremost men of letters of the Federalist Era. A Federalist, Dennie is best remembered for his series of essays entitled "The Lay Preacher" and as the founding editor of "Port Folio", a journal espousing classical republican values. "Port Folio" was the most highly regarded and successful literary publication of its time, and the first important political and literary journal in the United States. Timothy Dwight IV once referred to Dennie as "the Addison of America" and "the father of American Belles-Lettres."
Early life and career.
Dennie was born on August 30, 1768, in Boston, Massachusetts to Joseph Dennie, a member of a well-to-do merchant family, and his wife Mary Green, whose father was Bartholomew Green, Jr. The Greens were a prominent printing family in colonial America; the progenitor of the family, Samuel Green, emigrated from England with John Winthrop and was one of the first printers in the colonies. Having moved to Lexington at the age of seven, Dennie returned to Boston in 1783 to study bookkeeping and later clerk in a counting house. He began preparing to enter Harvard College in 1785, under the guidance of Reverend Samuel West. West had a significant impact on Dennie, fostering his pupil's interest in literature, as well as instilling in Dennie a decidedly pro-British mindset.
In 1787 Dennie was admitted to the sophomore class of Harvard College, where he was very popular with his peers. This popularity did not extend to his tutors, and he was suspended in December 1789 for six months after insulting the faculty. Dennie had difficulty finding suitable employment after earning his degree in 1790, but by 1793 he was practicing law (though earning very little for his work). In a January 1794 letter to his parents, however, Dennie reports that he had been appointed as a reader for the Episcopalian church in Charlestown, New Hampshire. Nevertheless, he insisted that this new vocation would not deter him from his goal of practicing law, though by then he was planning on remaining in New Hampshire to practice rather than returning to Massachusetts. Shortly after writing the letter, Dennie was admitted to the Court of Common Pleas and opened a practice in Charlestown. However, he rarely appeared in open court; indeed, he probably made only one appearance.
Publishing career.
Throughout the 1790s Dennie contributed to various journals, including the "Federal Orrery" and the "Massachusetts Magazine", often using pen names such as Academicus and Socialis. In 1795, his writing being enthusiastically received, Dennie was persuaded to begin a literary journal, "The Tablet". William Spotswood, a Boston printer and bookseller, agreed to oversee the entire enterprise, splitting the profits evenly with Dennie. Such a literary journal was a novel idea at the time, and it was well received among the city's elite. Despite the initial excitement surrounding the project and content from noted writers such as John Sylvester John Gardiner, "The Tablet" lasted only a few months before folding, having published thirteen issues.
Dennie's disappointment over the failure of "The Tablet" inspired him to begin work on "The Lay Preacher", the first of which appeared in "The Farmer's Weekly Museum", a New Hampshire newspaper which was the leading literary journal of the 1790s. After Dennie took over as editor of the paper in 1796, its circulation increased dramatically, stretching, as one commentator put it, "from Maine to Georgia." Under Dennie's leadership the paper had a decidedly Federalist slant, supporting both the Quasi-War and the Alien and Sedition Acts. Dennie collaborated often with his friend Royall Tyler; the two wrote a satirical column by the name of "The Shop of Messrs. Colon and Spondee" which appeared in the "Museum". In 1798 Dennie lost a considerable amount of money when the paper's printer went bankrupt. He remained as editor for a few months afterward at a reduced salary, but was soon replaced by the printer's brother. The paper's circulation dropped precipitously following Dennie's departure. Later in the year Dennie ran an unsuccessful campaign for Congress; following this defeat, he turned down offers to edit several prominent journals, including a generous offer from Boston's "Independent Chronicle", as he refused to work for a Democratic paper. Instead, he accepted an appointment from Timothy Pickering (at the time United States Secretary of State) to a position as Pickering's personal secretary.
Once in Philadelphia, Dennie resumed his editorial career with the "Gazette of the United States", a Federalist-friendly newspaper. In 1800 Dennie, along with Philadelphia bookseller Asbury Dickens, began work on the "Port Folio". Under the pseudonym Oliver Oldschool, Esq., Dennie wrote, in 1803, a scathing attack on Jeffersonian democracy, for which he was brought up on charges of seditious libel. Dennie wrote, in part:A democracy is scarcely tolerable at any period of national history. Its omens are always sinister, and its powers are unpropitious. It is on its trial here, and the issue will be civil war, desolation, and anarchy. No wise man but discerns its imperfections, no good man but shudders at its miseries, no honest man but proclaims its fraud, and no brave man but draws his sword against its force. The institution of a scheme of policy so radically contemptible and vicious is a memorable example of what the villany of some men can devise, the folly of others receive, and both establish in spite of reason, reflection, and sensation. This paragraph was reprinted in Federalist newspapers throughout the country. While Dennie was acquitted, the severity of the attacks leveled in "Port Folio" would henceforth be lessened. However, when Dennie criticized democracy, it was not the republican democracy found in the United States today, but rather the "democracy" found in France under Robespierre and Napoleon. Dennie was invoking Aristotle's argument that "an absolute democracy is not to be reckoned among the legitimate forms of government. It is the corruption and degeneracy, and not the sound constitution of a republic."
Death.
Dennie had health trouble throughout his life, as well as a predilection for wine. His father (who had battled mental illness) died on September 28, 1811; Dennie was not able to attend his father's funeral, as he himself was gravely ill at the time, and this caused him great grief. He briefly recovered, but succumbed to cholera morbus four months after his father's death. Dennie died on January 7, 1812, and was interred two days later at St. Peter's Church, Philadelphia. His epitaph was written by John Quincy Adams. The epitaph erroneously gives Lexington, Massachusetts as his birthplace; in fact, Dennie was born in Boston, but his family moved to Lexington shortly thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="20845320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845320" title="Sid Dockendorff">
Sid Dockendorff

Sidney Christopher "Sid" Dockendorff (6 May 1908 - 9 August 2005) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL) for Richmond and Footscray in the 1930s.
Born and raised in Wangaratta, Victoria, Dockendorff moved to Melbourne to work for Marchants Soft Drinks and play football, firstly for amateur clubs Middle Park and South Yarra CYMS before moving to Victorian Football Association side Sandringham. Dockendorff was a leading player for Sandringham and it was not long before VFL teams sought him out. Richmond attempted to recruit Dockendorff for the 1931 VFL season but Sandringham refused to clear him. Richmond tried again in 1932 and were this time successful, although South Melbourne initially opposed this, claiming that Dockendorff was zoned to them.
Wearing guernsey number 32, Dockendorff made his VFL debut for Richmond in Round 10, 1932, against Collingwood at Victoria Park. This was his only senior match for the year but returned in 1933 until an accidental knee to the back from Collingwood’s Albert Collier in Round 15 left him in severe pain. Dockendorff played in the 1933 semi-final against South Melbourne following a pre-game painkilling injection from Dr Roy Park but later collapsed in a carpark and required emergency surgery, thus missing the Preliminary Final and Grand Final, which Richmond played in. Dockendorff was told he would never play football again.
Dockendorff worked as a football commentator for radio station 3UZ for the 1934 VFL season, being required to commentate while sitting on a plank of wood wedged between two ladders in the crowd. 
Dockendorff accepted the coaching position at Sandringham for the 1935 VFA season before coming out of retirement to play for Footscray, with Footscray coach Syd Coventry telling him that he was in line for the club captaincy. Claiming difficulties in obtaining insurance against injuries while at Sandringham, Dockendorff was initially cleared back to Richmond, following a special meeting by the Sandringham board, before being transferred to Footscray the next day. 
Dockendorff played 17 matches for Footscray between 1935 and 1937, kicking 15 goals. Captaining the side in 1937, Dockendorff continued to suffer injuries as he was only able to play four matches and retired at the end of the 1937 season.
Dockendorff enlisted in the Second Australian Imperial Force on 4 October 1942 and was posted to the Unit Stores Accounts Section, Victorian Detachment. He reached the rank of Warrant Officer Class 1 before his discharge on 12 December 1945.
Following the war, Dockendorff acted at various times as secretary of the Fitzroy and Richmond Cricket Clubs and manager of the Royal South Yarra tennis club. 
Dockendorff's grandfather Christopher Dockendorff once employed a young Ned Kelly, an arrangement which ended when Kelly stole some horses. Additionally, Sid's uncle Bob Dockendorff was a policeman on duty at the station that Kelly was taken to after the shootout at Glenrowan.
Prior to his death, aged 97, Dockendorff was the third oldest known living footballer and the oldest living former Richmond player.

</doc>
<doc id="20845324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845324" title="Radio sketch">
Radio sketch

A radio sketch is one of the genres in radio broadcasting. Typically these take the form of sketch comedy, often dealing with topical issues. Examples include Dead Ringers, Hamish & Andy and The Burkiss Way.

</doc>
<doc id="20845373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845373" title="Kelly Overton (actress)">
Kelly Overton (actress)

Kelly Overton (born August 28, 1978) is an American actress, screenwriter, director, and producer.
Early life.
Overton grew up in Wilbraham, Massachusetts, and studied at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City, where she graduated with their highest honor, The Charles Jehlinger Award.
Career.
She has performed off-Broadway, in regional Shakespeare, and on several TV shows. She began in national television in 2000 in the role of Rainn Wilkins on several seasons of "All My Children" and then in 2002 returned to theater on Broadway where she debuted in the original stage cast of "The Graduate" as an understudy for several roles, eventually replacing Alicia Silverstone in the role of Elaine Robinson, opposite Kathleen Turner and Jason Biggs. After five years in New York she moved to Los Angeles, where she has worked in film and TV. In 2008, with husband Judson Pearce Morgan, she wrote, directed, produced and starred in "The Collective". She plays Christie Monteiro in the 2010 film adaptation of the fighting game series "Tekken". She currently appears in the HBO series "True Blood" as werewolf Rikki Naylor.
Reception.
Of her role as Andrea Barton in the "Numb3rs" episode "Hollywood Homicide", reviewer Todd Mason of TV Guide wrote, "Kelly Overton excelled in her small role...". Of her directorial debut with the film "The Collective", reviewer Joshua Tanzer wrote, ""The Collective" is beautifully shot, well crafted", while Farley Elliott of LAist wrote, "The story, while not frighteningly original, is definitely captivating, and the directing is superb. Kelly Overton, who helped to pen the film, is captivating and you really want to see her succeed".
Personal life.
Overton married fellow actor Judson Pearce Morgan in April 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20845397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845397" title="Gösta Krantz">
Gösta Krantz

Gösta Clarence Isidor Krantz (14 June 1925 – 26 December 2008) was a Swedish actor and revue artist.
Gösta Krantz was born in Ektorp in Nacka south-east of Stockholm. He started off as a confectioner, but in 1945 turned into acting after having participated in a popular revue named "Vi som vill opp". He later became a permanent stage member of the well-known revue group "Casino-gänget".
In 1951, Krantz made his film acting debut in "91:an Karlssons bravader", and later performed in popular comedies such as "Åsa-Nisse", and various television dramas such as "Rederiet". In 2005, Krantz published his biography called "Krantz från glädjevården".
Krantz died in 2008 in Stockholm of heart failure due to an infection.

</doc>
<doc id="20845425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845425" title="KBUD">
KBUD

KBUD (102.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Classic Alternative format. Licensed to Sardis, Mississippi, USA, the station is currently owned by George S. Flinn, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="20845433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845433" title="PRU-70">
PRU-70

<br> 
The PRU-70/P22P-18 (V) is an Armored Survival Vest (ASV) that is intended for aircrews. It will be fielded in 3 sizes (small, medium, and large) and was designed in house by Navair's Human Systems Division. The vests will be manufactured by Peckham Vocational Industries in Michigan and will be fielded to Navy and Marine aircrew (not pilots) in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
The PRU-70 merges both the aircrew survival vest and the latest in body armor. The new system was developed to fit the entire range of body types represented by the men and women in current U.S. aircrew population. The PRU-70 is also designed to reduce the bulk, weight and heat stressors commonly encountered by helicopter aircrews flying six or more hours on combat missions. 
The PRU-70 is also constructed from a material called Halo-Tech. Halo-Tech is as fire retardant as the Nomex material used for flight suits and yet is far more durable. The PRU-70 will also be the first of the survival clothing items produced in the new Coyote Brown camouflage color. The Coyote Brown color was developed to blend into the environment of 70 percent of the world’s land masses. 
The PRU-70 replaces three different items of aircrew clothing; the standard AIRSAVE Survival Vest, the separate body armor system that is worn beneath the AIRSAVE survival vest and the current PRU-60B. According to the manufacturer, this results in reduced cost and configuration management for both forces in combat and in logistic terms, due to the PRU-70’s ability to be worn as a stand-alone survival vest by simply being configured with or without life preservers (as authorized) and by adding or deleting body armor as needed.

</doc>
<doc id="20845436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845436" title="Kireet Khurana">
Kireet Khurana

Kireet Khurana (Born 25 October 1967, Mumbai, India) is an Indian filmmaker, animator and ad-film director. He is the founder and creative head of the production house Climb Media and its animation-wing 2nz Animation Company. 
Kireet has won more than 30 awards, including 5 prestigious President's National awards for his short films. He has made over 12 short films and 400+ ad films. He is also the director of India's first live-action and 3D animation combined film "Toonpur Ka Superhero" starring Ajay Devgan and Kajol. He won his first President's National Award in 1995 for the animation film “Mahagiri”.
Personal.
Born in 1967, Kireet grew up in a creative environment. His exposure to animation films started from age 6 as his father - Bhimsain, an animation pioneer in India, nurtured and encouraged his creative leanings. Kireet attended the Jamnabai Narsee School and later completed a BA with a major in economics from Mumbai University. Soon thereafter, he went on to graduate in 1994 from Sheridan College, Canada with a high honour in animation filmmaking.
Notable Film Awards.
Trade
Mahagiri 
O
Chotta Birbal 
Shaadi Ka Laddoo
Sand Castle
Filmography.
Director:
Animation:
Writer:
Production Manager:
Producer:
Actor:

</doc>
<doc id="20845438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845438" title="Same-sex marriage in Minnesota">
Same-sex marriage in Minnesota

Minnesota has recognized the validity of same-sex marriages from other jurisdictions since July 1, 2013, and began issuing its own certificates on August 1, 2013. After 52.6% of state voters rejected a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage in November 2012, the Minnesota Legislature passed a same-sex marriage bill in May 2013, which Governor Mark Dayton signed on May 14, 2013. Minnesota is the second state in the Midwest, after Iowa, to legalize marriage between same-sex couples. It was the first state in the Midwest to do so via the legislative process.
Lawsuits.
"Baker v. Nelson" was the first case in United States history in which a same-sex couple sued over marriage rights. In 1971, the Minnesota Supreme Court ruled that Minnesota's laws prohibited marriages between same-sex partners and did not violate the federal constitution. On October 10, 1972, the Supreme Court, declining to hear the case on appeal, issued a one-sentence order that said: "The appeal is dismissed for want of a substantial federal question."
In May 2010, Marry Me Minnesota, a gay rights organization, sued the state of Minnesota, challenging the state's Defense of Marriage Act, which was passed in 1997. The trial court dismissed the suit in March 2011, citing "Baker v. Nelson" as "binding precedent." Marry Me Minnesota, founded by same-sex couples for the purpose of suing the state, announced plans to appeal the decision.
Efforts to amend the state constitution.
In 2004, 2006, 2007 and 2009, bills were introduced into the Minnesota House and Senate to have the voters consider an amendment to the Minnesota Constitution restricting marriage to unions between a man and a woman and outlawing civil unions that offer comparable rights.
On May 11, 2011, the Minnesota Senate passed a bill to place a proposed amendment to the state constitution on the ballot that would ban same-sex marriage, though not civil unions. The question being presented to voters on the ballot reads: "Shall the Minnesota Constitution be amended to provide that only a union of one man and one woman shall be valid or recognized as a marriage in Minnesota?" The amendment would later be defeated by Minnesota voters, making Minnesota the second US state to reject a constitutional ban on same-sex marriage. (Arizona rejected a ban on same-sex marriages and civil unions in 2006 and then adopted a ban on same-sex marriages in 2008.)
On November 6, 2012, a proposed constitutional ban on same-sex marriage, passed by the legislature in 2011, was rejected by 52.6% of voters. Minnesota became the second state to reject such a ban through popular referendum. On May 9, 2013, the House of Representatives passed a bill to legalize same-sex marriage on a vote of 75 to 59. On May 13, 2013, the Senate passed the bill on a vote of 37-30. Governor Mark Dayton signed the bill into law on May 14, and the legalization of same-sex marriages took effect on August 1, 2013.
Legislation.
In 1997, the state legislature passed a statutory ban on same-sex marriage shortly after passage of the federal Defense of Marriage Act.
Late in 2008, State Sen. John Marty, DFL-Roseville, announced plans to introduce a bill legalizing same-sex marriage. On February 19, 2009 a bill to allow civil unions in Minnesota was introduced in the Minnesota House of Representatives sponsored by Reps. Joe Mullery, Mindy Greiling, and Tom Tillberry. On March 5, 2009, a bill to allow same-sex marriage in Minnesota was introduced in the Minnesota Senate. Its authors were Marty and Sens. Scott Dibble, Linda Higgins, Mee Moua, and Patricia Torres Ray. The bill failed to get a hearing by the Senate Judiciary Committee.
In December 2012, Rep. Alice Hausman and Sen. Marty announced plans to introduce same-sex marriage legislation in 2013. They and legislative leaders expressed varying views on its prospects. In January 2013, Dibble said Democrats planned to focus early in the session on "kitchen-table issues" of improving the economy and creating jobs and would wait at least a month or two before pressing for the legalization of same-sex marriage. On February 28, 2013, HF 1054, officially titled "Marriage between two persons provided for, and exemptions and protections based in religious associations provided for", was introduced in the Minnesota Legislature to legalize same-sex marriage in the state. On March 12 both the Senate and House policy committees passed the same version of the marriage bill, Senate bill SF925 and House Bill HF1054. Other committees of each house reviewed the financial impact of the legislation on 6 and 7 May. On May 9, 2013, the House passed same-sex marriage legislation by a vote of 75-59, with all but two Democrats voting for the bill and all but four Republicans voting against. On May 13, 2013, the Senate passed the bill on a vote of 37-30, with all but three Democrats voting for the bill and all but one Republican voting against. Governor Mark Dayton signed the bill into law on May 14, 2013; it took effect on August 1, 2013. The legislation also gives Minnesota courts authority over divorce proceedings in the case of a same-sex couple married in Minnesota when neither party resides in a state that recognizes their marriage. Some Minnesota counties announced plans to make marriage licenses available as early as June 6.
The law took effect on July 1, and Minnesota has recognized the validity of same-sex marriage from other jurisdictions since then. The state began issuing its own certificates on August 1, 2013. Margaret Miles and Cathy ten Broeke were the first couple to be married in Minneapolis at midnight on August 1, 2013, in a ceremony at Minneapolis City Hall officiated by Mayor R.T. Rybak.
Public opinion.
A May 2011 Public Policy Polling survey found that 46% of Minnesota voters supported the legalization of same-sex marriage, while 45% opposed it and 9% were not sure. A separate question in the same survey found that, with the option of civil unions but not marriage, 72% of Minnesota voters supported legal recognition for same-sex couples, with 38% supporting same-sex marriage, 34% supporting civil unions, 26% opposing any legal recognition, and 2% not sure.
A January 2012 Public Policy Polling survey found that 43% of Minnesota voters supported the legalization of same-sex marriage, while 47% opposed it and 10% were not sure. A separate question in the same survey found that, with the option of civil unions but not marriage, 71% of Minnesota voters supported legal recognition for same-sex couples, with 37% supporting same-sex marriage, 34% supporting civil unions, 27% opposing any legal recognition, and 2% not sure.
A June 2012 Public Policy Polling survey found that 47% supported same-sex marriage and 42% were opposed. 11% were unsure.
A September 2012 Public Policy Polling survey found that 43% of Minnesota voters supported the legalization of same-sex marriage, while 46% opposed it and 11% were not sure. A separate question in the same survey found that, with the option of civil unions but not marriage, 72% of Minnesota voters supported legal recognition for same-sex couples, with 40% supporting same-sex marriage, 32% supporting civil unions, 25% opposing any legal recognition, and 3% not sure.
A October 2012 Public Policy Polling survey found that 47% of Minnesota voters supported the legalization of same-sex marriage, while 43% opposed it and 10% were not sure. A separate question in the same survey found that, with the option of civil unions but not marriage, 74% of Minnesota voters supported legal recognition for same-sex couples, with 43% supporting same-sex marriage, 31% supporting civil unions, 24% opposing any legal recognition, and 2% not sure.
A November 2012 Public Policy Polling survey found that 49% of Minnesota voters supported the legalization of same-sex marriage, while 41% opposed it and 10% were not sure.
A January 2013 Public Policy Polling survey found that 47% of Minnesota voters supported the legalization of same-sex marriage, while 45% opposed it. Voters under 45 support same-sex marriage by a 53/38 margin, but only 36/54 of seniors do so.
An April 2013 SurveyUSA poll found that 51% of Minnesota voters supported the legalization of same-sex marriage, while 47% opposed it and 2% were not sure.
A June 2013 Star Tribune Minnesota poll found that 46% of Minnesotans support legalizing same-sex marriage, while 44% are opposed and 10% remain undecided.
Domestic partner registry.
Eighteen cities in Minnesota, covering a total population of more than one million, have domestic partner registries allowing unmarried homosexual and heterosexual couples the right to obtain a certificate signifying that they are not related by blood and are committed to each other:

</doc>
<doc id="20845449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845449" title="Can You Teach My Alligator Manners?">
Can You Teach My Alligator Manners?

Can You Teach My Alligator Manners? is a children's television show that airs on Disney Junior in the USA, Canada and Great Britain and Ireland.
Synopsis.
Mikey's pet alligator Al needs some help learning how to behave properly. Preschool age viewers help Mikey to instill good manners in his scaly sidekick.
Episodes.
Series 1.
1 Good Sport Gator June 28, 2008
2 Nana's Visit July 05, 2008
3 Movie Manners July 12, 2008
4 Please and Thank You July 26, 2008
5 Birthday Manners August 02, 2008
6*Library Manners August 09, 2008
7*Sick Manners August 16, 2008
8*Classroom Manners August 23, 2008
9-10*Playground Manners August 30, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="20845451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845451" title="Xavier O'Callaghan">
Xavier O'Callaghan

Xavier O'Callaghan Ferrer (born March 2, 1972) is a Spanish handball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Barcelona.
In 2000 he won the bronze medal with the Spanish team. He played three matches and scored five goals.
Four years later he finished seventh with the Spanish handball team in the 2004 Olympic tournament. He played six matches and scored eight goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20845459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845459" title="WABG (AM)">
WABG (AM)

WABG (960 AM) is an American radio station broadcasting a delta blues and classic rock format and licensed to serve the community of Greenwood, Mississippi, USA. The station is currently owned by SPB LLC.
History.
The station was assigned call sign WJGJ on December 29, 2004. On May 10, 2005, the station changed its call sign to the current WABG. Previously the station broadcast a Talk/Personality format.

</doc>
<doc id="20845464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845464" title="Antonio Carlos Ortega">
Antonio Carlos Ortega

Antonio Carlos Ortega Pérez (born July 14, 1971) is a Spanish handball player. He competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Málaga.
In 2000 he won the bronze medal with the Spanish team. He played all eight matches and scored 31 goals.
Four years later he finished seventh with the Spanish handball team in the 2004 Olympic tournament. He played all seven matches and scored 23 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20845471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845471" title="Antonio Ugalde">
Antonio Ugalde

Antonio Ugalde García (born May 13, 1976 in Esplugues de Llobregat, Barcelona) is a Spanish handball player. He competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
In 2000, Ugalde won the bronze medal with the Spanish team. He played five matches and scored eight goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20845472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845472" title="Jerzy Jurka">
Jerzy Jurka

Jerzy Władysław Jurka (born June 4, 1950) is a Polish-American computational and molecular biologist. He is best known for his work with transposable elements, including the discovery of the major families of Alu sequences and other transposons. He also proposed the mechanism of Alu proliferation and discovered their paternal transmission. More recently, he presented a hypothesis that links the origin of repetitive families to population subdivision and speciation. Jurka served as the assistant director of research at the Linus Pauling Institute prior to founding the Genetic Information Research Institute. He has collaborated with several notable scientists including George Irving Bell, Roy Britten, Temple Smith, and Emile Zuckerkandl. His Erdős number is 3, using the path through Temple Smith and Stanislaw Ulam.

</doc>
<doc id="20845476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845476" title="Global Education Network Europe">
Global Education Network Europe

The Global Education Network Europe (GENE) is the European network of ministries, agencies and other national bodies responsible for support, funding and policy-making in the field of global education. Started in 2001 with 6 national structures, GENE has grown to include structures from 14 countries leading the provision of global education in Europe, with combined annual budgets in excess of 100 million Euro.
Definition.
Global education can be defined as: 
Goals.
The purpose of GENE is to support national structures in their work of improving the quality and increasing the provision of global education in Europe. GENE does this through networking and regular round table discussions, through peer learning and policy research, and through the development of national strategies.
Aims of GENE:
The overarching aim of GENEs work is to improve the quality and provision of global education in Europe. The ultimate benchmark towards which GENE works is towards the day when all people in Europe will have access to quality global education. GENE achieves this through networking of national strategies, through peer learning, and through common projects, bilateral exchange and capacity building.
European global education peer review process.
In 2002 the Maastricht Declaration identified the desirability of developing a system of peer review for global education in Europe. Following a 2003 feasibility study, the "European Global Education Peer Review Process" was established to increase and improve the provision of global education in Europe. GENE and the North-South Centre worked closely together to develop this process.
The European Global Education Peer Review Process has, since late 2005, been facilitated by GENE, through its secretariat. The funding for the process and the peer review expertise has been provided by GENE participants.
The key aim of the Europe-wide process is to increase and improve support for, access to, and the impact of global education in European countries. National reports, and the peer review processes leading to them, act as both a tool to enhance quality and impact nationally, and a mechanism for international comparative analysis, benchmarking and policy making.
National reports.
To date five national reports have been published. The first Global Education National Report, on Cyprus, was published in early 2004 as a pilot review being part of the initial feasibility study. The Global Education National Report on Finland was launched in October 2004. The National Report on the Netherlands was launched in April 2005, while in June 2006 the National Report on Global Education in Austria was completed and launched. The latest national report, on Global Education in the Czech Republic, was launched on 16 November 2008 in Strasbourg, at the European Development Days 2008.
Further reviews are underway or envisaged including Norway, (2008–2009), and Poland (2009), while Belgium, Germany, Ireland and Portugal have indicated interest in and commitment to forthcoming reviews. There will also be a number of follow-up learning processes undertaken, concerning some of the previous peer reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="20845477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845477" title="Trapezites eliena">
Trapezites eliena

Trapezites eliena, commonly known as the Orange Ochre, is a small-sized butterfly endemic to Australia.
Sexual dimorphism and mating.
Both sexes fly swiftly, frequently settling close to the ground. Males hilltop often, establishing territories by perching.
Larvae.
Larval food is "Lomandra confertifolia".
Distribution.
Common everywhere along the Great Dividing Range up to 1200m.

</doc>
<doc id="20845481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845481" title="BRW Rich 200">
BRW Rich 200

The BRW Rich 200 is a list of Australia's two hundred wealthiest individuals and families, ranked by personal net worth. The list is released annually during May in a special issue of the "Business Review Weekly", published by Fairfax Media.
The list provides a short summary on some of the known business activities of the individuals and families, together with commentary on how their ranking has changed from the previous year, if listed. The wealthiest individual in the 2013 list was Gina Rinehart, estimated to have a personal net worth of 22.02 billion. Rinehart's vast wealth resulted in "BRW" announcing her as the richest woman in the world during 2012. In 2013, the entry mark was A$235 million, an increase of A$25 million on the 2012 entry mark. 
Eighteen individuals and/or families have made every list; including Maurice Alter, Lindsay Fox, John Gandel, Bruce Gordon, Bruno & Rino Grollo, Reg Grundy, David Hains, Bob Ingham, John Kahlbetzer, Solomon Lew, John Longhurst, Frank Lowy, Grahame Mapp, Ian McMullin, Stan Perron, Alan Rydge, Kerry Stokes, and Harry Triguboff.
Just fourteen women made the 2013 "BRW Rich 200" list. In more recent years, the list has been dominated by those with an interest in resources, as opposed to traditional wealth creation sources, such as mass media and property investment.
Background and history.
The "BRW Rich 200" was first published in 1984 as the "BRW Rich 100", with an entry point of A$10 million, that profiled 144 people and 20 families.
In 2008, it was the first time in more than 20 years that a Packer had not headed the list. Andrew Forrest was listed as the richest person in Australia, with a net worth estimated at A$9.41 billion, with James Packer listed third with A$6.1 billion. In 2009 Anthony Pratt, son of Richard Pratt (who had died 4 weeks earlier), was top of the list with A$4.3 billion. In 2010, the founder of Westfield, Frank Lowy, who had appeared on the list every year, was Australia's richest individual with an assessed personal net worth of A$5.04 billion.
The "BRW Rich 200" is one list in a series of lists published by the "BRW". Other lists includes:
The list has sometimes caught the ire of those profiled. In an essay celebrating the 25th anniversary of the "BRW", Jefferson Penberthy, the founding editor of the "BRW Rich 100" wrote that at one stage Australian entrepreneur Dick Smith, then valued at A$50 million, did not want to appear on the list. When told that the cut off was A$35 million, Smith publicly divested A$20 million to charities.
The "BRW Rich 200" excludes individuals who have renounced their Australian citizenship. For example, despite Rupert Murdoch being born in Australia and having a personal net wealth of US$7.6 billion, due to Murdoch becoming a naturalised US citizen in 1985, he is excluded from the list.

</doc>
<doc id="20845483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845483" title="Domaine of Villarceaux">
Domaine of Villarceaux

The Domaine of Villarceaux is a French château, water garden and park located in the commune of Chaussy in the Val d'Oise Department of France, 65 kilometers northwest of Paris.
The Domaine is currently managed by the Regional Council of the 'Île-de-France for 99 years, on an agreement with the owners of the domaine, the Fondation Charles Leopold Mayer. The park contains a manor house from the 16th century and a château in the style of Louis XV from the 18th century. The gardens are classified among the Notable Gardens of France. 
The gardens contain a rare 18th-century ornamental feature called a vertugadin (eng: farthingale), modelled after the hoop skirts of the 18th century, surrounded by statues brought from Italy.
History.
The gardens are located on the site of a medieval castle from the 11th century, built to protect France from the British, who at that time occupied Normandy, the neighboring province. Many vestiges of the medieval fortifications remain in the park. A manor house and French water garden was built there in the 17th century. In the 18th century a château in the style of Louis XV was built on a rocky hill overlooking the water garden. 
One famous resident in the 17th century was Ninon de Lenclos, the author, courtesan, and patron of the arts. Another was Françoise d'Aubigné, the future Madame de Maintenon and future wife of King Louis XIV, who lived there after the death of her first husband, the poet Paul Scarron, at the invitation of her friends the Montchevreuil, cousins of the Marquis of Villarceaux. The Marquis fell in love with her, and commissioned a full-length portrait of her, nude, which greatly embarrassed her. The portrait can be seen today in the dining room of the house. The house also contains a collection of 18th-century furniture. 
The domaine has been classified as an historic monument of France since 1941. It is part of the regional park of Vexin, and is used for concerts and cultural events. .

</doc>
<doc id="20845486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845486" title="Karen Roberts (field hockey)">
Karen Roberts (field hockey)

Karen Lynn Roberts (born 10 June 1967 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a retired female field hockey player from South Africa, who represented her native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. There she captained the women's national team that finished in tenth place.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20845505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845505" title="Anna Löwenstein">
Anna Löwenstein

Anna Löwenstein (born 1951 in Great Britain) is an internationally known Esperantist. She worked for the World Esperanto Association 1977–1981. Under the name Anna Brennan she founded and was editor of the magazine "Sekso kaj egaleco" 1979–1988, and she edited the 'easy language' part of Kontakto 1983–1986. She has written some non-fiction, and two novels. The best known is "The Stone City" (La Ŝtona Urbo), which was initially published in English. She has written numerous articles, and she also translates.
She currently lives in Italy with her husband Renato Corsetti. She is a member of the Academy of Esperanto.

</doc>
<doc id="20845520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845520" title="Adolf Rebner">
Adolf Rebner

Adolf Franklin Rebner (also Adolph Rebner) (21 November 1876 in Vienna, Austria – 19 June 1967 in Baden-Baden, Germany) was an Austrian violinist and violist.
Rebner was a student of Jakob Grün at the Vienna Conservatory, graduating there with first prize in 1891. Having continued his studies in Paris with Martin Pierre Marsick he settled in Frankfurt in 1896 where he was concertmaster at the Frankfurt Opera. He succeeded Hugo Heermann as professor of violin at the Hoch Conservatory and became famous as leader of his string quartet, which toured Germany, France, Spain and England. In 1934 he was forced to leave Germany (he was released from the Hoch Conservatory in 1933 because he was Jewish) and moved to Vienna. His son Edward Wolfgang Rebner (born 1910 in Frankfurt, died 1993, Munich) was an accomplished pianist and accompanist, who settled in the US in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20845531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845531" title="Michele MacNaughton">
Michele MacNaughton

Michele MacNaughton (born 18 November 1973 in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal) is a retired female field hockey player from South Africa, who represented her native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. There she was a member of the women's national team that finished in tenth place.

</doc>
<doc id="20845534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845534" title="La gran aventura de Mortadelo y Filemón">
La gran aventura de Mortadelo y Filemón

La gran aventura de Mortadelo y Filemón () is a 2003 Spanish-language film based on the popular Spanish comic book series "Mortadelo y Filemón" by Francisco Ibáñez Talavera. It also included characters from "13, Rue del Percebe", another comic by the same creator. The film was directed by Javier Fesser and stars and .
Plot.
The adventure begins when a spy breaks into Professor Bacterio's lab and steals some of his inventions from T.I.A. HQ ("Técnicos de Investigación Aeroterráquea"). Mortadelo and Filemón who work for T.I.A. are put on the case but Fredy, another agent, decides to beat them to it. One of the inventions is a weather control machine which the spy decides to sell to the President of Tirania, a small Eastern European dictatorship. There are numerous clashes between the spy, Fredy, and Mortadelo and Filemón (who Fredy seems to want to kill). Our heroes end up in prison after accidentally beating up the local cop once too often. They escape, Filemon's mother gets kidnapped by Fredy and taken to Tirania. The spy is killed in Fredy's place as Fredy ingratiates himself with the President, while having Filemon's mother tortured. The heroes arrive and there is a big battle where Filemon is apparently killed. Then Mortadelo receives a mortal wound but is saved by the Holy Grail while Fredy gets his just deserts. They return home to a heroes welcome.
Second Film.
There is a second film about the comic duo : "".

</doc>
<doc id="20845543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845543" title="Andrei Xepkin">
Andrei Xepkin

Andrei Xepkin Xepkina (, born 1 May 1965 in Zaporizhzhia, Ukraine) is a Spanish and former Ukrainian handball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics for Spain. He became Spanish citizen in 1998.
In 2000 he won the bronze medal with the Spanish team. He played all eight matches and scored 21 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20845557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845557" title="Dory Maust">
Dory Maust

Dory Maust is an American novelist residing in Pennsylvania. Her debut with "Glass Windows" in "The Benn Mac Series" was more than a professional endeavor; it was a window into her longtime struggle with an eating disorder. After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Dory decided to tackle controversial issues. "It is not about being dark; it's about moving through the darkness."
For this reason she agreed to be the official biographer of deceased serial killer David Maust who has been wrongly cited as her relative. There is no relation between David and Dory's husband John "Dutch" Maust. "" was released on January 6, 2009.
Other topics covered in her books include breast cancer, drug addiction, terrorism, religion and the paranormal.
Dory's daughter is an aspiring writer and artist, and her husband works in the medical field.

</doc>
<doc id="20845567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845567" title="Gauge gravitation theory">
Gauge gravitation theory

In quantum field theory, gauge gravitation theory is the effort to extend Yang–Mills theory, which provides a universal description of the fundamental interactions, to describe gravity. It should not be confused with the related but distinct gauge theory gravity.
The first gauge model of gravity was suggested by R. Utiyama in 1956 just two years after birth of the gauge theory itself. However, the initial attempts to construct the gauge theory of gravity by analogy with the gauge models of internal symmetries encountered a problem of treating general covariant transformations and establishing the gauge status of a pseudo-Riemannian metric (a tetrad field).
In order to overcome this drawback, representing tetrad fields as gauge fields of the translation group was attempted. Infinitesimal generators of general covariant transformations were considered as those of the translation gauge group, and a tetrad (coframe) field was identified with the translation part of an affine connection on a world manifold formula_1. Any such connection is a sum formula_2 of a linear world connection formula_3 and a soldering form formula_4 where formula_5 is a non-holonomic frame. For instance, if formula_6 is the Cartan connection, then formula_7 is the canonical soldering form on formula_1. There are different physical interpretations of the translation part formula_9 of affine connections. In gauge theory of dislocations, a field formula_9 describes a distortion. At the same time, given a linear frame formula_11, the decomposition formula_12 motivates many authors to treat a coframe formula_13 as a translation gauge field.
Difficulties of constructing gauge gravitation theory by analogy with the Yang-Mills one result from the gauge transformations in these theories belonging to different classes. In the case of internal symmetries, the gauge transformations are just vertical automorphisms of a principal bundle formula_14 leaving its base formula_1 fixed. On the other hand, gravitation theory is built on the principal bundle formula_16 of the tangent frames to formula_1. It belongs to the category of natural bundles formula_18 for which diffeomorphisms of the base formula_1 canonically give rise to automorphisms of formula_20. These automorphisms are called general covariant transformations. General covariant transformations are sufficient in order to restate Einstein's General Relativity and metric-affine gravitation theory as the gauge ones.
In terms of gauge theory on natural bundles, gauge fields are linear connections on a world manifold formula_1, defined as principal connections on the linear frame bundle formula_16, and a metric (tetrad) gravitational field plays the role of a Higgs field responsible for spontaneous symmetry breaking of general covariant transformations.
Spontaneous symmetry breaking is a quantum effect when the vacuum is not invariant under the transformation group. In classical gauge theory, spontaneous symmetry breaking occurs if the structure group formula_23 of a principal bundle formula_14 is reducible to a closed subgroup formula_25, i.e., there exists a principal subbundle of formula_26 with the structure group formula_25. By virtue of the well-known theorem, there exists one-to-one correspondence between the reduced principal subbundles of formula_26 with the structure group formula_25 and the global sections of the quotient bundle formula_30. These sections are treated as classical Higgs fields.
The idea of the pseudo-Riemannian metric as a Higgs field appeared while constructing non-linear (induced) representations of the general linear group formula_31, of which the Lorentz group is a Cartan subgroup. The geometric equivalence principle postulating the existence of a reference frame in which Lorentz invariants are defined on the whole world manifold is the theoretical justification of that the structure group formula_31 of the linear frame bundle formula_16 is reduced to the Lorentz group. Then the very definition of a pseudo-Riemannian metric on a manifold formula_1 as a global section of the quotient bundle formula_35 leads to its physical interpretation as a Higgs field. The physical reason for world symmetry breaking is the existence of Dirac fermion matter, whose symmetry group is the universal two-sheeted covering formula_36 of the restricted Lorentz group, formula_37.

</doc>
<doc id="20845568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845568" title="WABO-FM">
WABO-FM

WABO-FM (105.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Hits format. Licensed to Waynesboro, Mississippi, USA. The station is currently owned by Martin Broadcasting Company.
History.
The station went on the air as WABO-FM on 1979-02-01. on 1979-03-20, the station changed its call sign to WABO, 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20845571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845571" title="Southworth House (Cleveland, Ohio)">
Southworth House (Cleveland, Ohio)

The Southworth House is a Classical Revival and Italianate house in Cleveland, Ohio, United States that was built in 1879. Named for its first owner, W.P. Southworth, a leading resident of late nineteenth-century Cleveland, the house has been used for a variety of commercial purposes in recent decades. One of many historic sites in its eastside neighborhood, it has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984.
Construction.
The house was built in 1879 by William Palmer Southworth, a Cleveland businessman who established W.P. Southworth Co., a leading Cleveland grocery, in the 1850s. He and his wife Louise were prominent in Cleveland society; while she was a leader of the women's suffrage movement, his store (located in Public Square downtown) was significant enough that its destruction by fire in 1882 prompted a front-page story in the "New York Times".
The house is built on a stone foundation with a basement, with walls of brick; the architect's name is not known. Its three floors were divided into nineteen rooms, and by 1904 Southworth had installed an elevator. The elevator remains today.
After Southworth.
In August 1906, a group of Cleveland Baptists incorporated an organization, the Baptist Home of Northern Ohio, to establish a retirement home for elderly Baptists. Ten months later, Southworth sold his house to the organization, which was supported financially by industrialist and philanthropist John D. Rockefeller, who was a Baptist. With the aid of local churches, the home was opened on October 16, 1907. According to the 1910 census, the Baptist Home served fourteen residents at the end of 1910, at which time the entire property was worth $15,000. The former Southworth residence was not long a retirement home: the Baptist Home moved to a new location in 1919 and sold the Southworth House in the same year. Since that time, the house has been used for a wide range of purposes.
During the 1950s and 1960s, various businesses had offices in the house, which was then called the "Edelmar Building" or the "Accountants Building." In 1973, the Southworth House was purchased by Pi Sigma Tau Alpha, a fraternity based at the nearby Cleveland State University; it later served as the fraternity house for Cleveland State's chapter of Delta Sigma Phi. The house has changed hands several times since its fraternity days. In 1997, a health care company bought it; in 2005, after the company was found to be fraudulent and the owner imprisoned, a historic preservation company bought the property at auction, and it too has since sold the house. Currently, the Southworth House is the location of offices for organizations such as an actual health care company and a local of the Laborers' International Union of North America.
Preservation.
The Southworth House is recognized as a landmark both locally and nationally. Along with many other properties along Prospect Avenue, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 1, 1984 as part of the "Upper Prospect Multiple Resource Area." It was included both for its distinctive combination of Classical Revival and Italianate architecture and for its association with Southworth. As the "Delta Sigma Phi Fraternity House," it has been designated a Cleveland Landmark by the city of Cleveland. Since being listed on the Register in 1984, the Southworth House has been the focus of both publicly funded and privately funded historic preservation efforts. In late 1996, as Sunrise Home Health Care prepared to buy the Southworth House, Cleveland City Council provided over $250,000 to help purchase and renovate the property. Architects Scott and Analia Dimit began a restoration of the house for developer Michael Chesler, and continued to guide its restoration when it was purchased by Laborers Union Local 860 in 2005. The construction workers made it their union hall, completing the work in October 2007. In October 2009, the National Trust for Historic Preservation recognized the restoration with its Honor Award. Today, the house features wrought ironwork and a distinctive Italianate facade.

</doc>
<doc id="20845573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845573" title="Robert Zimansky">
Robert Zimansky

Robert Zimansky (born 20 April 1948, Iowa City, Iowa) is an American violinist living in Zurich.
After early studies with John Ferrell at the University of Iowa, Zimansky studied at the Juilliard School in New York with Sally Thomas and Ivan Galamian. He came to Europe in 1972 and held 1st Concertmaster positions in Munich, Stuttgart, the Lucerne Festival Orchestra, the Zurich Symphony Orchestra and the Orchestre de la Suisse Romande in Geneva. All of these orchestras allowed him the freedom to pursue his solo career. 
Robert Zimansky has performed as soloist with many conductors and toured with various chamber music groups. He conducted the Southwest German Chamber Orchestra, the Dayton Philharmonic and the Zurich Academy of Strings. From 1986 to 1992 he was a member of the board of directors of the Swiss “Tonkünstlerverein.” Between 1978 and 2002 he performed regularly in the piano trio with Michael Ponti and Jan Polasek in Europe. Since 2008 Robert Zimansky is a member of the Trio Mersson and artistic director of the Ensemble Fiacorda. 
Robert Zimansky has made numerous recordings including his CD of the complete Schumann Sonatas with Christoph Keller, awarded a Grand Prix du Disque de l'Académie Charles Cros in 1986. He is an advocate of unknown repertoire and often plays rarely performed violin concertos from the early 20th century. Many modern composers have dedicated works to him over the years.
Robert Zimansky currently lives in Basel and teaches at the "Zürcher Hochschule der Künste" and the Conservatoire de Genève.

</doc>
<doc id="20845577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845577" title="Hydrobia acuta">
Hydrobia acuta

Hydrobia acuta is a species of very small brackish water snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae. 
Distribution.
This species occurs on the coasts of the Mediterranean Sea and Black Sea and, as a rare species in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20845579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845579" title="Shea &amp; Gardner">
Shea &amp; Gardner

Shea & Gardner was a Washington, D.C.-based law firm that practiced from 1947 to 2004 when it merged with Boston-based Goodwin Procter. The firm was founded by two Franklin Delano Roosevelt administration officials, Francis M. Shea and Warner W. Gardner. Shea was a Harvard Law School graduate who became dean of the University of Buffalo Law School. In 1939, he was appointed Assistant Attorney General in the U.S. Department of Justice, heading the Claims Division (today the Civil Division). Shea also served on the staff of his friend, Justice Robert H. Jackson, in summer and fall 1945 preparations for the prosecution in Nuremberg of leading Nazi war criminals. Gardner, a Columbia Law School graduate, served in the Office of the Solicitor General under Jackson and, in the U.S. Army during World War II, at Bletchley Park, England. 
Shea & Gardner became a Washington institution, known for its litigation, lobbying and regulatory expertise. Its client list included many regulated industries, including railways, mining companies and airlines. Notable clients included Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Freeport-McMoRan, U.S. Gypsum and Newmont Mining.
The firm also represented pro bono the Iraqi National Congress, a U.S.-supported opposition group. The firm registered as a foreign agent in order to represent the Iraqi exiles. 
In 2004, the firm and its 75 attorneys joined expanding national firm Goodwin Procter. Shea & Gardner partners settled on Goodwin Procter because the firm had a small Washington, D.C. office of only 12 attorneys and the legacy Shea partners could play a large role in shaping and growing the profile of the combined firm in the nation's capital.

</doc>
<doc id="20845584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845584" title="Civil Service Motoring Association">
Civil Service Motoring Association

CSMA Club is lifestyle, motoring and leisure club in the UK. The club offers discounts and offers on insurance, travel, shopping, leisure activities, holidays, etc., to its members.
CSMA Club was established in 1923. Its membership of around 300,000 is restricted to past and present members of the UK Civil Service and organisations that were formerly part of the British Civil Service, for instance Royal Mail and BT. Relatives of existing members may also join.
History.
CSMA Club is a mutual organisation. It was founded in 1923 by Frank Vernon Edwards, an executive officer in the Ministry of Labour who had an interest in motorcycle trials.
CSMA Club was designed to be a small motorsport organisation of around 300 members, but by 1930 the membership was over 5,000. The membership currently stands at around 300,000.
Services.
Originally concentrating on the sporting and leisure activities associated with motoring, CSMA Club has developed into primarily a provider of membership benefits in motoring, lifestyle and leisure areas. Today its member benefits include exclusive discounts on insurance, shopping, holidays, banking, new & used cars, attraction tickets, cinema, travel, leisure and roadside rescue, providing these through relationships with "Approved Partners", notably LV= Frizzell Insurance, with which it has worked since 1923.
Discounts include:
• Up to 10% off holidays with Barrhead Travel
• Up to 5% discount on Virgin Holidays
• Up to 50% discount on Warner Leisure Hotels
• Discounted car, home and travel insurance compared to LV= general public prices
• Breakdown cover from just £38.50 with LV= Britannia Rescue
• Up to 25% savings on new and used cars with CarSelect
• Discounts on airport parking, airport hotels, holiday car hire and more!
• Discounts on your grocery shop and everyday purchases
• £40 off a tastecard membership price
Members of the club also have access to a range of clubs and groups focusing on hobbies and interests from classic cars to photography, as well as a range of events throughout the UK.
Britannia Rescue.
CSMA Club formerly owned and operated a vehicle breakdown rescue service for members and the general public, branded Britannia Rescue. In 2007, CSMA sold Britannia Rescue to Liverpool Victoria, the owner of the Frizzell Insurance brand (now known as LV=). 
Hotels, Cottages, Leisure Parks.
CSMA Club owns and operates a number of Leisure Retreats in the UK. These currently include
- Ghyll Manor Hotel & Restaurant, a Country House Hotel in West Sussex
- Wheel Farm Cottages, self-catering holiday cottages in Devon
- Cotswold Cottages, self-catering cottages in Gloucestershire
- Whitemead Forest Park, a holiday park in Parkend, Forest of Dean.
- Treworgie Barton Cottages,
- Manleigh Park, a holiday park in North Devon
- Parkergate a collection of self-catering cottages in the Lake District.
Although the general public can stay at any of the properties, members and their families and guests receive a considerable discount on tariffs.
Cotswold Motoring Museum.
CSMA Club is owner of the Cotswold Motoring Museum in Bourton-on-the-Water, Gloucestershire.
Magazine.
CSMA Club's magazine, called "CSMA Club magazine", was formerly known as "Motoring & Leisure", and is the largest circulated motoring magazine in the UK. The magazine used to be distributed to members who paid a subscription. From 2009 the magazine is included in the yearly membership fee and distributed to all members 10 times a year. The magazine covers a range of topics from holidays and leisure to motoring and reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="20845598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845598" title="Searchlight Books">
Searchlight Books

Searchlight Books was a series of essays published as hardback books, edited by T. R. Fyvel and George Orwell. The series was published by Secker & Warburg.
The series was projected for 17 titles, of which ten were published during 1941-42, but bomb damage to Warburg's office and the destruction of his printer's paper stock led to the series being discontinued.
The first in the series, "", was published on February 19, 1941 with an initial run of 5,000 copies, but the number was raised to 7,500. A second printing of 5,000 copies was ordered in March 1941. It sold over 10,000 copies (and was among the most commercially successful of Orwell's books to that date). The destruction of the stock by bombs ended its sales.
Publications by Searchlight Books included the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20845616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845616" title="Sonderzüge in den Tod">
Sonderzüge in den Tod

Sonderzüge in den Tod is the title of a touring exhibition commemorating the deportation of hundreds and thousands of people by the former Reichsbahn to the concentration- and extermination camps. It was shown in France in 2006 and, in a different form, in Germany in 2008. The exhibition was mostly located at railway stations.
History and concept of the exhibition.
In Germany, the exhibition was opened on 23 January 2008 on the mezzanine floor of the Berlin Potsdamer Platz railway station. It was subsequently located at the central railway station at Halle (Saale). Between 28 March and 10 April, it was at the central railway station at Schwerin. It was at Wittemberge until 12 May and from 18 May to 15 June at the central railway station at Münster. Stop-overs in Cologne, Frankfurt, Dresden and Munich followed. From the 14 to 26 November, it was at the central railway station at Mannheim. The Deutsche Bahn estimated that by April 2008, 30,000 people had visited the exhibition. For the year 2008, around 80,000 visitors were expected. In 2009, the exhibition was planned to continue and be lent to cities which were interested. The first location was Hanau in January 2009. From 22 January, it was at Chemnitz, from 15 February at the Jewish Museum in Dorsten. 
The exhibition was designed by the Deutsche Bahn in cooperation with Beate and Serge Klarsfeld together with a cititzen’s initiative, and included elements of the exhibition "Enfants juifs déportés de France", which was shown for over three years in railway stations of the French SNCF. 15 of the 40 information boards are based on the collection of the French exhibition.
Discourse on the exhibition.
The exhibition was preceded by a public argument between Beate and Serge Klarsfeld and the Deutsche Bahn after the company had refused to show the French exhibition at German railway stations. In an interview in November 2006, Hartmut Mehdorn, the chairman of the Deutsche Bahn, justified the refusal of the exhibition: "“At railway stations, there is haste and hurry. They are not locations for a topic as serious as the Holocaust. There can’t be any serious and deep study of such a topic at railway stations. We know our stations and the people who pass through them. I even tend towards saying that it would be counterproductive to realize it. “Shock and go” doesn’t work any more.”" 
Furthermore, he stated that the Deutsche Bahn "“has portrayed its history in an exemplary manner compared with other big companies.”" He referred to a permanent exhibition in the DB-museum Nuremberg which has 200,000 visitors per year, the participation at the “Entschädigungsfonds für ehemalige Zwangsarbeiter” (a fund which compensates former forced laborers), the education of the company's apprentices and its support of the movie "“Der letzte Zug”" (The last train). He claimed that Beate and Serge Klarsfeld had tried to “force the exhibition on the company”. After the company had refused to let this happen, it claimed to have read in the press that it had tried to block the examination of the Nazi era. Mehdorn announced the establishment of a touring exhibition which should be located close to railway stations.
On 1 December 2006, the German federal minister of transport, Wolfgang Tiefensee, and Mehdorn agreed upon the establishment of a touring exhibition about the deportations to be located at railway stations .

</doc>
<doc id="20845617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845617" title="2001 Monte Carlo Masters – Singles">
2001 Monte Carlo Masters – Singles

This tournament took place between April 16 and 22, 2001.
Cédric Pioline was the defending champion but lost in the third round to Hicham Arazi.
Gustavo Kuerten won in the final 6–3, 6–2, 6–4 against Arazi.

</doc>
<doc id="20845625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845625" title="Robert Emmet Smith">
Robert Emmet Smith

Robert Emmet Smith (21 August 1914 – 2 August 1988) was an American art director. He was nominated for and Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "King Rat".

</doc>
<doc id="20845639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845639" title="Religion in Réunion">
Religion in Réunion

The predominant religion in Réunion is Roman Catholicism, with Hinduism, such as Murugan cults with Christian influence, Islam, Chinese folk religion and Buddhism also represented amongst others. In Réunion, all religions are freely practiced, without government persecution. Because religious censuses are banned in France and this also applies in Réunion, all religion statistics are estimates. Religious Intelligence estimates Christians to be 84.9% of the population, Hindus 6.7% and Muslims 2.15%. Most large towns have a mosque, allowing the Muslims communities to practice their religion.

</doc>
<doc id="20845641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845641" title="Shan Lloyd">
Shan Lloyd

Shan Lloyd (née Shan Davies) (1 July 1953 – 13 December 2008) was a British journalist, writer and reporter. She was the fourth wife and widow of actor Hugh Lloyd.
Having done work for the Sunday Mirror as a freelancer, Shan Davies, as she then was, started work at the "Sunday People" in 1976, eventually becoming Fleet Street's first female crime correspondent.
She met Hugh Lloyd in 1978, at Allen's, a famous restaurant in London's West End, while he was performing in "No Sex Please, We're British". Hugh Lloyd was already dining there when his friend waved to Shan Lloyd as she was entering the restaurant. The two soon realized that they lived around the corner from one another. Hugh Lloyd, who was in his fifties at the time of their first meeting, had already been married and divorced three times by this time. In his autobiography, Hugh Lloyd described his future wife as "a scatty, blondehaired Fleet Street tabloid journalist". Hugh and Shan married in 1983. They moved to Worthing, West Sussex, in 2003.
Shan Lloyd continued to pursue a professional career as a freelance showbiz reporter for the "Brighton and Hove Leader". In her later years, Lloyd became an active member of the Red Hat Society.
Shan Lloyd died on 13 December 2008 at Worthing Hospital in Worthing, at the age of 55. Her death came just six months after the death of her husband in July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20845643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845643" title="Norton CS1">
Norton CS1

The CS1 was a Norton motorcycle between 1927 and 1939. Originally built as a TT racer, and Norton's first design of an overhead cam engine, it proved successful as a "TT Replica" road bike.
After the early 1930s redesign of Norton's cammy models by Arthur Carroll, the CS1 became an upmarket road bike. The 500 cc CS1 and its smaller sibling 350 cc CJ1 continued on until the outbreak of WW2 in 1939. 
Many later touring CS1 models were upgraded for racing, by adding and subtracting all the optional racing bits for Internationals. The Norton catalog had a long list of such parts available. The identifying feature of 1930s CS1 Models is the stub fitted carburettor - Inter models had a bolt-on TT carburettor.
Development.
The Norton Camshaft Senior Model 1 (CS1) engine was designed by Walter Moore in 1927, based on the Norton ES2 pushrod engine and re-using many parts. The frame was a new full cradle design and with a close-ratio kickstart-less gearbox, 8 inch brakes, Amal TT carburettor, Lucas Racing magneto and a 3 gallon petrol tank. The CS1 was the standard for racing Nortons for the next 20 years. The magneto was moved to the rear of the engine and the bottom end was a traditional Norton design, but in the side of the crankcase was the oil pump housing and a pair of bevel gears to drive the long shaft which ran in a tube up the side of the engine to a second pair of gears driving the overhead camshaft.
Racing success.
Alec Bennett riding the CS1 on its first race won the Isle of Man Senior TT in 1927 and Stanley Woods set the fastest lap at 70.99 mph before retiring. 
Unknown rider Percy Hunt won the Amateur TT in following year on a Norton CS1, setting a new TT record. He later used the same motorcycle to win the Gold Medal in the Scottish Six Days Trial.
In 1928 a "Junior" version of the CS1 with a 348cc engine and designated the Norton CJ was entered for the Isle of Man TT. The bore and stroke of this engine was 71 x 88 mm and it looked promising but 1928 proved to be an unlucky year for Norton, as there were technical problems with Walter Moore's redesigned cambox and only one major race was won that year. 1929 also went badly with reliability problems and only one win in the Spanish GP of 1929.
In March 1931 on Pendine Sands Joe Craig and Tim Hunt achieved a best speed on the CS1 of 118 mph. Also in 1931 the Norton CS1 took the first five places in Junior and Senior events, starting what was to prove Norton’s most successful period, and until the end of the 1930s Norton dominated international events with wins in both classes throughout the decade. Tim Hunt became the first rider to win two TT races in one week, with success in the Junior TT Race in 3 hrs 34 mins and 21 secs at an average speed of 73.4 mph and also the Senior TT Race in 3 hrs 23 mins and 28 secs at an average speed of 77.90 mph.

</doc>
<doc id="20845662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845662" title="Fryar">
Fryar

Fryar may refer to any of the following:
Surname.
The surname “Fryar” has its earliest origins in medieval England, first appearing in the 14th century. The name was also found in Lothian where they were seated from early recorded times and their first records appear on the census rolls taken by the early Kings to determine the rate of taxation of their subjects. The name was given to a person who was a friar. The surname Fryar was derived from the old French word ""frère"", which means ""brother"" in English and dates from the 13th century. The French word ""frère"" in turn comes from the Latin word ""frater"", which also means ""brother"". One reason for the variation in spelling is that medieval English lacked definite spelling rules. Names were rarely spelled consistently during these times when most people were illiterate. Scribes and church officials recorded names as they sounded, rather than adhering to specific rules and consequently, the variant surname Fryar first appeared.
Fryar is a relatively common surname in Northern Ireland. This was due in part to the significant emigration of influential protestants from England to Northern Ireland following the Battle of the Boyne. Fryars were some of the first immigrants to arrive in North America during the 18th century and Australia in the 19th century. Consequently, the frequency of the surname is now greater in both these countries compared to its English origin.
People.
Fryar is the surname shared by several notable people, among them being:

</doc>
<doc id="20845677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845677" title="Shirl Conway">
Shirl Conway

Shirl Conway (June 13, 1916 – May 7, 2007), born Shirley Elizabeth Crosman, was an American television and Broadway actress.
Life and career.
She played Ruth Winters in the 1955 musical comedy "Plain and Fancy" on Broadway, for which she won a Theatre World Award. She also toured in "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes" and "Auntie Mame".
She played the role of Liz Thorpe in the CBS drama "The Nurses" (which ran from 1962 to 1965) for which she was nominated for an Emmy award in 1963 for Outstanding Continued Performance by an Actress in a Series. Other TV credits include "Route 66", "The Defenders", and "Caesar's Hour".
She was the founding member of the Harstine Island Theatre Club in Washington where she starred in productions into her 80's.

</doc>
<doc id="20845678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845678" title="The Display Team">
The Display Team

The Display Team are a six-piece independent pronk band from South-East London, UK. According to Orange unsignedAct the group "has appealed to legions of brave ears, enabling the band to tour the UK and Europe several times, at clubs, pubs and festivals of every size." The Display Team has received airplay in the UK on BBC Radio 6 Music and Phoenix FM, along with many shows podcast by DJs on Kooba Radio which is heard worldwide on the Internet.
History.
Begun in 2000, the band was known as Mumrah until 2006. The original members were Iain MacKenzie (rhythm guitar), Jimb (guitar), Chuckles the Clown (drums and voice), Greg Cruse (bass) and DJ Implant (voice and turntables). This incarnation was short-lived and Implant and Cruse left the band; Iain MacFrenzy assumed the position of lead vocalist and Nixo (bass) became a full-time member. The band expanded to include Mickey Bones (trombone, voice) and Tiny Tommy Toot-Fruit (Arif Driessen, trumpet and voice, now of UK/US ambient rock band *Shels). Toot Fruit left the band in 2008 to be replaced by T-Cass (trumpet, voice). The line-up at that time consisted of Iain MacFrenzy (rhythm guitar and voice), Chuckles The Clown (drums and voice), Jimb (lead guitar and voice), Oz (bass guitar and voice), Mickey Bones (trombone and voice) and T-Cass (trumpet and voice). This personnel recorded the album, "Drones", in mid-2008 which was released on the Genin label - home of Djevara, Elephant Vs Leopard, Thumpermonkey, Claypigeon, Frowser and Pigshakle - on 1 February 2010.
Due to his commitments elsewhere, T-Cass left in early 2010 to play in alt-rock band They Came From Japan, and was replaced by Samwise, formerly of ska-punk band The Lovespuds, at the end of April. In November 2012, Josh Perl joined the band on guitar and voice, replacing MacFrenzy who had departed in 2011.
Their music borrows from rock, ska, punk, progressive rock, funk, doo-wop, swing, hardcore and metal.
The Display Team's recordings have been played on BBC Radio 6 Music by Tom Robinson along with Phoenix FM and Kooba Radio. With other bands their contribution to the CD compilation "Un-Scene 4" was noted by Rock Sound music magazine as deserving of "an honourable mention."
The group tours the UK and throughout Europe and has appeared on the BBC introducing stage at Rhythms of The World festival, Wasted Festival and Big Rivers Festival in the Czech Republic alongside bands such as Mad Caddies. Under their previous moniker Mumrah they played Uxfest in 2004 and 2006. 
The Display Team's music has been influenced by "a wide range of pilferable sources, including Frank Zappa, Cardiacs, Mr. Bungle, Queen and a selection of punk and ska bands too numerous (and sometimes obscure) to single out by name." The band themselves also cite Mad Caddies, Madness, Reel Big Fish, Goldfinger, The Specials and The Beach Boys.
Discography.
Albums/EPs.
Huzzah!
"(Double EP)"
"Re-released on Riot 2006" 
Track List:
1. The Toilet
2. Do One
3. RoboChap Vs. Party Boy
4. Floggin' A Dead Horse
Bonus tracks! 
5. Gloi Polloi
6. You've Got A Great Future (Behind You)
7. Whinge Binge
8. Big Cheese & Hungry Mice
Drones.
"Official Debut Album"
"Released on Genin Records 2010"
Track List:
1. Worry Sponge
2. Gnaw The Iron Paw
3. Norwegian Honey
4. Check-Up (from the neck up)
5. Irksome Treasurer
6. Body-Renting
7. Karma's Gonna Get You (filthy scum)
8. Pitfalls of Politeness
9. Wring Wrong
10.A pathetic Pill
11.Conjunctivitis
12.A Letter To Russia
Singles.
Worry Sponge.
"2007"
Track List:
1. Worry Sponge
2. I Smell Like An Old Man

</doc>
<doc id="20845685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845685" title="Reemer">
Reemer

Reemer is a 4-piece Indie, Pop, Punk & Rock band from the United Kingdom, formed and based in Manchester.
The band has undergone numerous member changes and has now found moderate success in 2008, releasing their debut album, "Snakes and Ladders" on 27 October 2008. It features their first two singles Maniac and Rockstar. In August 2009 the band officially announced their break-up, leaving its members to pursue solo ventures.
History.
Formation.
Reemer began when guitarist Nick Murray and drummer Dan Evans met in school. In 2002, After a few jamming sessions, they decided it was time to take things seriously and focus on forming a band. That year they found Nic who became the bass player. After several months of more writing, the band needed a drummer (at this time, Dan was playing rhythm guitar). Eventually, the band realised that Dan had been drumming for several years and it would be easier to bring in a new rhythm guitarist. This introduced (former member) Tristan to the band.
More material was needed and therefore the band worked hard for some time on 3 or 4 songs, getting them ready for a singer, to front the band. In November 2002, Dan met Joe Hennessey. After Dan heard him sing and perform in college, he knew that he would fit in.
"On The Ground EP".
After a few gigs the band decided it was time to release a CD, so a temporary studio was set up at Nick's house. Recording took three days, and the "On The Ground" EP was released on 17 May 2003 at the Roadhouse. By this time, Nic (Bass) had left after Personal differences, and a new Bass player was quickly found in the form of the bands close friend Max Redfern. After a grueling 2 days, Max learnt the band's set.
As they were in 2003, Reemer secured support slots with bands such as Scenes, thisGIRL and a couple of dates with South Africa's hottest band, Tweak, in London.
"Snakes and Ladders".
They were signed to Reaction Records (record label for The Who) and with the loss of Tristan Matthew and Joe Hennessey and the addition of current frontman Dave Hunter have released their first full album, "Snakes and ladders" in October 2008.
They already have a huge following in the North West but apparently want to steer away from their music being labelled as indie, drummer Dan, explains, "we wanted to achieve a pure Manchester sound but with pop/punk rock infused within it." The group have now been together for 3 years. 
Their exciting live shows led to support slots with Scouting for Girls, The Feeling, Elliot Minor and as well as touring with hit Brit pop band McFly on their Radio:ACTIVE arena tour in 2009, playing such notable venues as Wembley Arena.
Reemer's first and only headline tour took place in 2009. Initially supposed to begin in Newcastle on 12 February, it was however delayed due to illness affecting frontman Dave Hunter.
Break up.
On Monday, August 10, 2009, band frontman Dave Hunter took to the group's Myspace to announce that they had officially split up. The split is quoted as being due to each member of the band "looking for a change".
Dave Hunter has taken to a new solo career and is already playing gigs, as well as recording songs and being featured on a London radio station.
Other information.
Frontman Dave Hunter's longtime girlfriend (who starred in the music video for Maniac) is former Hollyoaks actress Leah Hackett. The band's music has previously featured in the show.
Reemer were signed to Reaction Records, whose other clients consist of huge acts such as The Who
Discography.
Albums.
"Snakes and Ladders" (2008)
EPs.
"On The Ground" (2003)

</doc>
<doc id="20845700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845700" title="William Woodworth (inventor)">
William Woodworth (inventor)

William Woodworth (1780-February 9, 1839) was the inventor of the Woodworth Planing Machine.
Early life.
William Woodworth was born around 1780, probably in Massachusetts. He later moved to Hudson, New York where he was a carpenter and carriage maker. He worked on the Livingston family estate as a superintendent of their mill. He was the father of William W. Woodworth.
Woodworth Planing Machine.
After spending years working around wood, Woodworth would design and then patent the Woodworth Planing Machine in 1828. Hailed as the greatest improvement to the planing machine so far and one of the most important inventions of the century, it added speed and efficiency to the process of creating lumber for domestic usage. The invention could perform the output of 25 laborers, cheapened finished lumber, and greatly increased the supply. In 1829, the Franklin Institute praised the invention. The United States Congress would praise the invention in 1850 along with Eli Whitney's Cotton Gin as the great labor savings inventions of the country.
Patent law impact.
The Woodworth planing machine had a direct impact on patent law in the United States. Because Woodworth and his heirs repeatedly attempted, and succeeded many times in having the patent extended by Congress, it was attacked politically as a monopoly. Woodworth's heirs were subjected to one of the earlier special interest, community organizing campaigns in the country, as lumber merchants and carpenters, growing tired of paying a royalty to Woodworth's heirs, mounted a public campaign to have the extension of the patent blocked.
The Patent Law of 1836 allowed for inventors to receive a seven-year extension after the expiration of the 14-year term permitted at that time. In 1842, Woodworth's son William W. received an extension, and successfully lobbied Congress in 1845 for another extension, thus extending the patent until 1856.
William W. then petitioned Congress in 1850 for another full-term extension, which would have allowed a claim until 1870. This resulted in a public firestorm, leading to mass protests and accusations of monopolization and fraud. The city leadership of Philadelphia organized a mass meeting rallying support against Woodworth's heirs. Literature from Philadelphia against the patent extension showed up in Harrisburg, in which the State Assembly demanded their federal representatives block Woodworth's attempt. It was noted that much of the anti-Woodworth literature was printed, rather than written, indicating an orchestrated community organizing effort to block Congressional legislation extending the patent. Many letters were associated with the special interest groups against Woodworth's heirs, such as the "Select and Common Councils, Board of Trade, Wardens of the Port, Aldermen, and Recorder", as well as from 14 commissioners of the Northern Liberties district and 15 commissioners from the Spring Garden district in Philadelphia. Another group called the "Builders and Lumbers Group" was documented as lobbying against the extension. The letters against the Woodworth heirs also flooded into the Congressional patent committees from all over the country during the 1850, 1852, and 1854 sessions. 
The Woodworth heirs had their own set of supporters ranging from lawyers, editors, doctors, and treasurers, with their letters handwritten, indicating a genuine concern about the protection of inventors' rights and reward for their heirs of their labor and genius. They also had their supporters in Congress, who reintroduced the legislation that would have granted the extension during every session after the request was made. The Woodworth heirs' stake in the extension was enormous, along with other patent assignees, as the patent generated $15 million annually in royalties, including $2.1 million over 24 years for one assignee named James G. Wilson.
Ultimately in 1856 the patent expired following Congress's failure to grant the extension. The Woodworth episode, coupled with other patent issues, resulted in patent law amendments passed in 1861 that extended the term of claims from 14 years to 17, without the possibility of further extensions.
References.
McGraw, Judith. "Early American Technology." UNC Press. 1994
Wilkie, Franc. "The Great Innovations." J.A. Ruth. 1883
Woodworth, Walter Atwater. "Descendants of Walter Woodworth of Scituate, Mass." 1898.
Mabie, Hamilton Wright. Footprints of Four Centuries International Publishing Company. 1894

</doc>
<doc id="20845701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845701" title="1991 Asian Men's Handball Championship">
1991 Asian Men's Handball Championship

The 1991 Asian Men's Handball Championship was the sixth Asian Championship, which was taking place from August 22 to September 1, 1991 in Hiroshima, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20845706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845706" title="Charmed (video game)">
Charmed (video game)

Charmed is a platform video game based on the fourth season of the television series of the same name. The game was developed by In-Fusio and Fox Digital Entertainment, and released in January 2003 in Europe, and September 2004 in North America by In-Fusio for mobile phones.
Introduction.
The Source of All Evil, the ruler of the Underworld, has managed to kidnap two of the Charmed Ones and imprisoned them in his treacherous tower with many traps and dangers, and guarded by a host of demons. The third Halliwell must use her unique powers to save her two sisters by fighting the demons and eventually rescuing the remaining Charmed Ones from the Source's grasp.
Development.
In early 2003, In-Fusio developed seven Java mobile games, including "Charmed", for 123 Multimedia which, via its "Gamezilla" Multi-Format Platform, was able to co-manage and distribute the games to customers. Gilles Raymond, CEO and founder of In-Fusio, explained that "as the market for mobile games reaches adolescence, In-Fusio is able to effortlessly add-in our customers requests for mobile game content distribution." These games were available in Europe and China and compatible with most mobile phone providers, including Nokia, Motorola, Orange, Vodafone and China Mobile. By the following year, In-Fusio had the largest share of the mobile games market in Europe, and has been described as "the leading mobile game publisher and pioneer in the concept of downloadable games for wireless phones". In April 2004, the company began expanding its service of mobile games to the U.S. and opened its first office in Los Angeles. In September of the same year, "Charmed" was released in North America. 
The decision to make a game based on "Charmed" is probably due to the popularity of the series and the large fanbase it has attracted. After the game was published, demand for another video game spin-off (and one available on other formats than mobile phones) led to a "PetitionSpot" for "Make a "Charmed" video game".
Tie-in with TV series.
The game is a spin-off of the popular fantasy drama "Charmed". The game is set in the first-half of the series' fourth season, featuring the three main characters from the season, with Paige Matthews as an active Charmed One, as opposed to Prudence Halliwell who was killed at the end of the third season. Also featured is the first on-screen incarnation of The Source, the principle villain of the series' third and fourth seasons (and referenced to in the first two seasons). As such, the game's storyline occurs before the Source was vanquished midway through the fourth season in episode "Charmed and Dangerous". Leo Wyatt, the protagonists' whitelighter, also appears on the game splashscreen.
The game uses licensed music from the television series itself.
Gameplay.
"Charmed" is an action platform game with side scrolling where the goal is to climb at the top of each level vanquishing demons, using special powers and bonuses placed along the path. The games places the player in control of one of three main characters: (Piper Halliwell, Phoebe Halliwell or Paige Matthews). The player must defeat a variety of enemies using the chosen character's unique powers, using a combination of fast reactions and strategic thinking to get to the top of the tower and rescue the Charmed Ones. The time is limited to increase the stress of the player. The player must jump from platforms to platforms to reach the final door of each level. There are three parts of the tower, each with 10 levels, resulting in a global gameplay of 30 levels with a dozen of monster types.
Characters.
Allies.
Keshaun Altman
Enemies.
Andrilia Hardrick
Reception.
"Charmed" received a fairly positive reception from consumers. At "GameSpot", the game has a user score of 9.2/10 based on 13 votes. At "Moby Games", "Charmed" is given an overall "MobyScore" of 2.5/5 based on gameplay, graphics and personal enjoyment.
Credits.
Fox Digital Entertainment team.
Game Designer<br>
Ollie Sykes 
Programmers<br>
Neil Galbraith, Francis C. Bullen 
Graphic Artist<br>
Derek Dow, Alan Grier 
Producers<br>
Francis C. Bullen, Neil Galbraith, Keith Hawley 
Studio Manager<br>
Wendy Ellis 
Executive Producer<br>
Mark Greenshields
In-Fusio team.
Lead Tester<br>
Emmanuel Cacouault 
Game Testers<br>
Olivier Bonnemaison, Pierre Granier 
Product Manager<br>
Noëlle Béronie 
Producer<br>
Eric Thommerot
Cast.
Piper Halliwell<br>
Holly Marie Combs
Phoebe Halliwell<br>
Alyssa Milano
Paige Matthews<br>
Rose McGowan
Leo Wyatt<br> 
Brian Krause
"Prue Halliwell" <br> 
Shannen Doherty (uncredited)

</doc>
<doc id="20845714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845714" title="Islam in Puntland">
Islam in Puntland

The main religion of Puntland is Islam. All the inhabitants of the region are Sunni Muslims. Puntland's state constitution states that "Islam shall be the only religion of Puntland State of Somalia. No any other religion can be propagated in Puntland State, while the Islamic Religion and the traditions of the people of Puntland are the bases of law." Also, Muslims in Puntland are not allowed to renounce their religion. Furthermore, the constitution of Puntland restricts the formation of political parties based on a particular faith, religious beliefs, or interpretations of religious doctrine.

</doc>
<doc id="20845718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845718" title="Jack Poplin">
Jack Poplin

Jack Poplin (18 November 1920 – 15 October 2007) was an American art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Slender Thread".

</doc>
<doc id="20845734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845734" title="Axel Mærsk">
Axel Mærsk

The Axel Maersk (or Axel Mærsk) is a Danish merchant ship. The container ship is part of the fleet of the Maersk Line. The container ship has a length of and a beam of . The deadweight of the container ship is 109,000 metric tons with a gross tonnage of 93,496 gross tons, which gives enough capacity for 9,000 containers, according to the company's requirements.
History and facts.
The container ship "Axel Maersk" was built in 2003 in the ship-yard of the Maersk Line in Odense, Denmark. The flag of "Axel Maersk" is also in Denmark. "Axel Maersk" was ordered in 2002 and completed in the beginning of 2003. The MMSI of the container ship is 220187000, the IMO number is 9260419 and the call sign is OUUY2. 
The ship has a large capacity of more than 9,000 TEUs. For this, the vessel needs a strong and reliable main engine. The one chosen for "Axel Maersk" is HDS Sulzer 12RTA96C with full power of . This is enough for the container ship to reach the speed of 25.4 knots (maximum speed) and cruising speed.
Environmental.
Maersk Lines built the ship in an environmentally friendly fashion, aware of the requirements limiting pollution as required by MARPOL. The "Axel Maersk" was created with the most modern technology, in order to decrease the CO2 emissions from the engine. Also, the paint was designed to decrease water resistance. The cargo stowage is easier and more secure, so as to prevent losing any containers.
Bridge equipment.
The "Axel Maersk" follows all IMO requirements for bridge equipment. This can be seen from the modern ARPA system and Radar plotting system. Also the GPS shows the ship's position with an accuracy of 10 meters. The autopilot follows the course within an accuracy of up to 1 degree. The electronic chart plots the ship's position every five minutes, and the company's requirements for officers are to plot her position every five minutes while close to the shore.

</doc>
<doc id="20845744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845744" title="Batley Variety Club">
Batley Variety Club

The Batley Variety Club was a variety club in Batley, West Yorkshire, England. It was financed and co-founded by the late Yorkshire showman and businessman Peter Fleming in partnership with James Corrigan. It had a capacity of around 1600 people, and when it opened offered cabaret with an inclusive dinner for 6s6d (six shillings and six pence). At the peak of its success, the club was said to have had 300,000 members. It closed circa 1978 and reopened as the Crumpet night club. It closed again shortly afterwards and its contents were auctioned off. It has since reopened as the "Batley Frontier Club".
The Variety Club of the 1960s was a step up from the traditional Working Mens Clubs, usually carpeted and with a meal included in the price of admission. The Batley club was fitted with plush velvet benches installed in a circular "pod" that could seat five couples, with an open end facing the stage. Hundreds of these pods were arranged in tiered rows. Food was served, typical fare being "chicken-in-a-basket".
During its heyday the club staged concerts by performers including the Bee Gees, Shirley Bassey, Tina Turner, Tom Jones, Roy Orbison, Eartha Kitt, Louis Armstrong, Olivia Newton-John, Morecambe and Wise, Alvin Stardust, Jim Bowen, Dusty Springfield, Guys and Dolls, The Brotherhood of Man, Ken Dodd and The Grumbleweeds.

</doc>
<doc id="20845748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845748" title="Zelybron Micro Nina">
Zelybron Micro Nina

The Zelybron Micro Nina is Zelybron's entrant to the Ultra-Mobile PC (UMPC) market and is aimed to provide a bridge between regular laptops and netbooks. The Micro Nina also is Zelybron's first OEM product.
Zelybron's "Micro Nina" is focussed towards business use and was introduced in November 2008 in Europe, it is available with Microsoft Windows or Zelybron's own FreeBSD variant pre-installed. But has at least since 12 jun 2009 ended shipping of ZelybronBSD.
The "Zelybron Micro Nina" was originally designed to become a low budget PC; its design was moved into a netbook-formatted device for professional use, the laptop compares to a regular PC in performance and capabilities. In the same line of production, Zelybron also released a low budget PC, thin client and server, all of which are currently only available in Belgium, The Netherlands and Germany, however, Zelybron has announced the opening of a new factory in Shenzhen, China and is planning for global distribution of its whole Nina series.
Features.
Zelybron created a netbook sized computer which compares to regular PCs. Zelybron was the first to create a laptop capable of doing regular day to day work with the mobility of a netbook and the capacity of a full PC.
Zelybron aimed to add all features to its Micro Nina line a daily laptop user would expect from his/her laptop. It comes with a nearly normal size keyboard for easier use, surround-sound audio, a 1.3 Megapixel Webcam, 2 USB ports, card reader, a VGA connector for connecting an external monitor and has an internal SATA controller for either connecting a harddisk or solid-state drive.
The Micro Nina has very low power consumption (15 W) and compares with power use and mobility to other UMPCs.
The Micro Nina is installed with either Windows XP or Windows Vista, but can optionally be configured with ZelybronBSD which provides a simplified interface comparable with the Asus Eee PC Xandros.
Availability.
Zelybron currently only sells the laptops directly to customers and has recently moved into a new office in Breda, The Netherlands; the laptops seem not to be available from other distribution channels as of this writing.
Zelybron currently is distributing its laptops world wide by themselves; With the opening of a new factory in Shenzhen, China, Zelybron hopes to bring its full range of products to more people and gain more recognition around the world. With the opening of its new factory, Zelybron also tries to create an extra, self-controlled, distribution channel, as stated by a local newspaper in Breda.
Other 'Ninas'.
The "Zelybron Micro Nina" netbooks are also available in 178 mm (7"), 203 mm (8") and 229 mm (9") format on request, however, Zelybron does not actively market these, next to this, Zelybron also allows customizations of its products on a per product basis since February 2009, allowing customers to personalize their products in colouring and configuration.

</doc>
<doc id="20845755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845755" title="Hydrobia acuta neglecta">
Hydrobia acuta neglecta

Hydrobia acuta neglecta is an European subspecies of small brackish water snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs on the coasts of the North Sea, in countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20845756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845756" title="Christoph Merian">
Christoph Merian

Christoph Merian (born 22 January 1800 in Basel; † 22 August 1858 Brüglingen bei Basel) was a banker and businessman. He was the son of Christoph Merian senior (1769–1849) and Valeria Hoffmann (1773–1834) and married in 1824 to Margarethe Burckhardt (1806–1886) from Basel.
He was the owner of a large estate, agriculturist and rentier. He was one of the richest Swiss men of that time. He was honorary citizen of Münchenstein (1854) and the canton of Basel-Country (1855). and the founder of the Christoph Merian Stiftung.
Biography.
Christoph Merian stemmed from one of the most distinguished aristocrat families in Basel. His father, Christoph Merian senior, was a merchant who started with handling raw cotton, later with shipping/transport, banking and various speculative businesses. Christoph Merian senior ended his venturous businesses in 1810 and subsequently invested in the industry and banking activities.
Christoph Merian was educated in Basel. He served his apprenticeship as banker. He also visited the "Landwirtschaftliches Institut Hofwil" (agricultural institute of Hofwil) near Berne and the "Landwirtschaftliche Akademie" (agricultural academy) in Hohenheim by Stuttgart. His education as an Agronomist was concluded in England and France.
He lived as a banker, businessman and agriculturist on the farming estate of Brüglingen in Münchenstein near Basel.
He achieved large financial gains with his firm "Frères Merian" in by-passing the Napoleonic Continental System. In 1824 he married Margarethe Burckhardt, the daughter of an industrial. As a wedding present, they received the country estate in Brüglingen and the country house Villa Merian.
Today, he is remembered mainly for founding the Christoph Merian Stiftung, a highly visible non-profit entity that continues to support social, cultural, ecological and economic projects to the benefit of the general population in the Basel region to this day. As of 2006, its worth was 289 Million Swiss Francs, in addition to the 900 ha of land it owns.
The institution was founded in Christoph Merian's Testament (dated 26.03.1857), in which he made an endowment/beneficence to the city of Basel. This came into legal effect as his widow Margaretha (1806-1886) died on 3 May 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="20845757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845757" title="Al-Muallaq Mosque">
Al-Muallaq Mosque

The al-Muallaq Mosque () also known as the Mosque of Dhaher al-Omar () is a mosque in Acre, Israel. It is located on the site of Acre's ancient synagogue.
History.
The mosque was built in 1758 by the Bedouin ruler of Acre, Dahar al-Umar. It was built in a courtyard on the site of an ancient synagogue used by the Jewish community of Acre. The synagogue was confiscated and converted into a mosque, leaving some features such as the niche for the Holy Ark and inscriptions in Hebrew. 
The entrance to the mosque is under the base of the minaret. A flight of steps under a covered passage leads into the courtyard, elevated above street level. A triple-domed portico leads to the prayer hall itself, which consists of a square domed room and a smaller cross-vaulted room. 

</doc>
<doc id="20845760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845760" title="Eilat stone">
Eilat stone

Eilat Stone derives its name from the city of Eilat where it was once mined, it is a green-blue inhomogeneous mixture of several secondary copper minerals including malachite, azurite, turquoise, pseudomalachite, chrysocolla. The Eilat stone is the National stone of Israel, and is also known as the King Solomon Stone.
The blue and green stones sold in tourist souvenir shops are generally imported from foreign copper mines, and are not really from Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="20845770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845770" title="Whoop Dee Doo">
Whoop Dee Doo

Whoop Dee Doo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20845774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845774" title="Desert Sky Mall">
Desert Sky Mall

Desert Sky Mall is a large regional shopping mall in west Phoenix, Arizona. It is located on 75th Avenue and Thomas Road. The mall was developed and is managed by Westcor. It is anchored by Sears, Dillard's, La Curacao, Burlington Coat Factory and Cinema Latino. Desert Sky Mall (originally Westridge Mall) opened in the fall of 1981. In the years since the center's opening, the demographics of the bordering neighborhood have reflected the dramatic expansion of the Latino immigrant population in the Phoenix area.
History.
Currently the only regional mall in the southwest valley (and as such serving major nearby suburban areas such as Avondale and Tolleson).
The original anchor tenants were:

</doc>
<doc id="20845779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845779" title="George Clark (baseball)">
George Clark (baseball)

George Myron Clark (May 19, 1891 – November 14, 1940) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Clark played for the New York Yankees in . In 11 career games, he had a 0–1 record with a 9.00 ERA. He batted right and threw left-handed.
Clark was born in Smithland, Iowa, and died in Sioux City, Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="20845793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845793" title="Christ Church, Wharton">
Christ Church, Wharton

Christ Church, Wharton, is in the town of Winsford, Cheshire, England (). It is an active evangelical Anglican parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of Chester and the deanery of Middlewich.
History.
Christ Church, Wharton, traces its origins to an unconsecrated chapel of ease built c.1835 at the instigation of John Furnival, a curate of Davenham. This was the first Anglican religious building in Wharton, and was built "to be a challenge to the growth of Methodism in the district".
The chapel was located at Wharton Bridges. Its exact location is unknown, but Wharton Bridges was the original name of the road bridge on Wharton Road, crossing the London and North Western Railway.
When the parish of Wharton was created in 1843, initially as a district of Davenham parish (it was not until 10 March 1860 that Wharton became a separate ecclesiastical parish), the Wharton Bridges chapel was replaced by a new chapel of ease. It was built by James France-France, of Bostock Hall, Bostock, on Crook Lane, at its junction with School Road. The new chapel, called Christ's Church, was consecrated on 26 June 1843 by the Bishop of Chester, John Bird Sumner. A vicarage was built in 1848, formed from two cottages, at a cost of £673 14s.
During the 1840s the population of Wharton increased by approximately 27 per cent, from 1,400 persons in 1841 to 1,775 persons in 1851, and Christ's Church chapel of ease was soon considered too small for the parish. With money raised from public subscription, including gifts from Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld the Queen Mother (mother of Queen Victoria), John Bird Sumner (the newly appointed Archbishop of Canterbury) and grants from the Church Building Societies, the chapel was substantially enlarged with a nave, chancel and bell tower. The old chapel of ease became the north and south transepts of the new building (called Christ Church), which provided seating on benches for 350 persons. The cost of the rebuilding was £1,574 10s 7d, and the church was consecrated on 20 December 1849 by the Bishop of Chester, John Graham.
In 1913 the chancel was extended, and the church was reconsecrated on 18 October 1913 by the Bishop of Chester, Francis Jayne.
Structure.
The church is built in brick with a red sandstone facing and a slate roof. It is a small cruciform ("cross-shaped") building in the
Gothic Revival (Perpendicular) style of Christian church architecture. At the north-west is a square bell tower, originally surmounted with four slender pinnacles (removed at some time between 1874 and 1892). The main entrance to the building is at the foot of the tower. A single bell was installed in the bell tower in the 1849 scheme, but was replaced with eight tubular bells prior to 1914, the gift of Mrs Lea of Winsford Lodge, Wharton. The tower clock, made by the Shropshire company of JB Joyce & Co at a cost of £50 and installed in 1849, was the gift of saltworks proprietor John Dudley of Wharton Lodge, in memory of his wife, Elizabeth (a Latin inscription on the clock face records the gift).
Fittings and furnishings.
The church has a number of memorial windows in stained glass, most notable of which are the east window (to Revd John Lothian, died 1859 after being thrown from his horse), and the west window (to Revd John Samuel Bage, died 1873). The north and south transepts contain large metal panels overpainted with the Lord's Prayer, the Creed, and the Ten Commandments. The painting is in the Gothic Revival style, and the panels are probably contemporary with the building of the church. The church has had three organs. The first, installed in 1849, was replaced by the second organ, c.1874. This was replaced in 1920 by the present organ, the gift of Mrs Marion Newell in memory of her son, Sub-Lt Jack H.M. Newall, killed in action 13 November 1916, on the outskirts of Beaucourt-sur-l'Ancre, France, during the Battle of the Ancre. His medals are on display next to the organ. At the west end of the nave is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission headstone to Senior Aircraftsman Ian Shinner, killed in a Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) shooting at Roermond, Holland, in 1988. The interior was lit by gas until electric lights were installed in 1937.
External features.
On the approach to the main entrance is a war memorial, an oak crucifix on a stone base erected in 1920 at a cost of £280. It records the names of 78 Wharton parishioners killed in action during World War I. The churchyard contains the war graves of five service personnel of World War I, and four of World War II.
Today.
Christ Church is a growing church with a congregation of more than 250 adults and children. Two services are held on Sunday mornings, and a Communion service is held each Wednesday morning. The church employs a children's worker and a youth worker, and supports missionary groups Open Doors, Gideons International, and AICMAR (African Institute for Contemporary Mission and Research).

</doc>
<doc id="20845794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845794" title="Jalan Seri Medan">
Jalan Seri Medan

Jalan Seri Medan (Johor state route ) is a major road in Johor, Malaysia

</doc>
<doc id="20845798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845798" title="Robert MacFarlan Cole III">
Robert MacFarlan Cole III

Robert MacFarlan Cole (December 26, 1889 – January 18, 1986) was an American chemical engineer, inventor, and author. He helped develop many chemicals, including freon and its use as a refrigerant and an aerosol repellent, a substance to counteract poisonous gas in World War I, synthetic rubber and pyrethrin insecticides in World War II, and ethylene oxide as a hospital germicide.
Biography.
His education included studies at the Armour Institute (now part of Illinois Institute of Technology), the University of Illinois and the University of Chicago, where he received his doctorate in chemistry.
He married, on October 26, 1918, Wertha Pendleton, the daughter of William Frederic Pendleton, the founding bishop of the General Church of the New Jerusalem (Swedenborgian Faith). Their children included: William P. Cole, Dandridge M. Cole, Aubrey Cole Odhner, and the Rev. Robert H. P. Cole.
He became the founder and first president of Hord Color Products in Sandusky, Ohio in 1920. There he helped pioneer color processes and products. In 1928, Mr. Cole went to work for the American Dyewood Co. in Chester, Pa., where he developed recycling of the paper in telephone directories. 
Cole reported to the E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company that he had witnessed chlorofluorocarbon, considered a poisonous gas, being used safely in Germany. A duPont chemist, William Warren Rhodes, and Mr. Cole worked on the development of the gas, to which duPont gave the trade name Freon. "I was there when the first seven cc's of Freon came out of the distilling apparatus in Sandusky, Ohio" He told a Pennsylvania newspaper.
During World War II, Mr. Cole was a member of the War Chemical Board and pioneered the artificial synthesis of pyrethrin, used as an insecticide by the U.S. Navy in the South Pacific. He died on January 18, 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20845800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845800" title="Whoop-Dee-Doo">
Whoop-Dee-Doo

Whoop-Dee-Doo is a Broadway musical by Weber and Fields that played in 1903-1904.

</doc>
<doc id="20845817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845817" title="Hilda Tchoboian">
Hilda Tchoboian

Hilda Tchoboian is a French-Armenian community organizer.
She is the chairwoman of the EAFJD (European Armenian Federation for Justice and Democracy), a grassroot organization based in Brussels, Belgium.
She has notably denounced human rights violations and mass desecration towards the Armenian minorities of Turkey, Georgia and Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20845818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845818" title="Kate Hall (singer)">
Kate Hall (singer)

Kate Semmelroth Hall (born May 21, 1983 in Harwich, Essex, England) is a Danish singer.
Biography.
Hall was born in Harwich to an English mother and a Danish father, and moved to Allerød when she was three years old. As a child, she had lessons in singing, piano and dancing. When she was twelve years old, she was accepted into the Danish Radio Girls' Choir. A year later, she made studio recordings for "Postman Pat". She appeared as a television presenter in The Voice TV Danmark, and reached the final of the Danish edition of "Popstars" where she finished third.
After being discovered by the German music producer, Alex Christensen, she reached the German charts with the single "Is There Anybody Out There?", which he produced, in June 2005.
Hall was engaged to the singer Ben, and in 2007 released the four duet singles, "Bedingungslos", "Du bist wie Musik", "Ich lieb dich immer noch so" and "Zwei Herzen" with him. In November 2008 she announced that the engagement had been ended, after which she is continuing as a solo singer.
She was a vocal coach in the seventh and tenth series of the German edition of "Popstars".
In January 2013, Kate Hall was announced as one of the participants in the 2013 Danish National Song Contest, the winner of which will represent Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest.

</doc>
<doc id="20845820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845820" title="Old Laund Booth">
Old Laund Booth

Old Laund Booth is one of the 20 electoral wards that form the Parliamentary constituency of Pendle, Lancashire, England. It is also a civil parish. The ward represents the villages of Fence and Wheatley Lane, as well as part of the Lomeshaye Industrial Estate on the outskirts of nearby Nelson, and returns one councillor to sit on Pendle Borough Council. As of the May 2011 Council election, Old Laund Booth had an electorate of 1,235.
Demographics.
The proportion of older people in the population of Old Laund Booth is considerably higher than the local and national averages; its population has a mean age of 43.6 years, five years older than the England and Wales average. The ward also has a smaller ethnic minority population than many areas of Pendle.

</doc>
<doc id="20845823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845823" title="Bernard McMahon">
Bernard McMahon

Bernard McMahon or M'Mahon (Ireland ca 1775 — Philadelphia, 18 September 1816) was an Irish-American horticulturist settled in Philadelphia, who served as one of the stewards of the plant collections from the Lewis and Clark expedition and was the author of "The American Gardener's Calendar: Adapted to the Climates and Seasons of the United States" (1806 and following years). He circulated the first extensive gardener's seed list in the United States, which he attached as an appendix to his "Calendar". 
McMahon's most enduring contribution was his "Calendar", the most comprehensive gardening book published in the United States in the first half of the nineteenth century. It finished in its eleventh edition in 1857. It was modeled on a traditional English formula, of month-by-month instructions on planting, pruning, and soil preparation for the "Kitchen Garden, Fruit Garden, Orchard, Vineyard, Nursery, Pleasure Ground, Flower Garden, Green House, Hot house and Forcing Frames". In some particulars, McMahon followed his English models so closely that J. C. Loudon suggested in 1826 that the derivative character of the "Calendar" was such that "We cannot gather from the work any thing as to the extent of American practice in these particulars." Ann Leighton notes the absence of Indian corn among the "Seeds of Esculent Vegetables" in 1806, though he lists old-fashioned favorites like coriander, corn-salad, orach, rampion, rocambole and skirret.
McMahon emigrated in 1796. By 1800 he was in Philadelphia, working for William Duane and the newspaper the Aurora. He entered the nursery and seed business by 1802-1803, when he issued his broadsheet "Catalogue of Garden Grass, Herb, Flower, Tree & Shrub-Seeds, Flower Roots, &c" which comprised 720 species and varieties of seed. This was the first published seed list in the United States. In 1804 he published another catalogue, of thirty pages, mostly devoted to native American seeds.
Through the "Calendar" McMahon was Thomas Jefferson's gardening mentor; a steady stream of correspondence passed between them. Jefferson selected him in 1806 as one of two nurserymen to receive and grow the seeds and roots collected by Lewis and Clark. In 1807, when it came time to find a draftsman to illustrate the published journals of Lewis and Clark, it was M'Mahon who recommended the German-born botanist Frederick Pursh, who found himself with the botanical materials when the natural history publication did not materialize, and took them with him to London, where he published 130 plants from the Lewis and Clark expedition in "Flora Americae Septentrionalis", 1813. 
Jefferson received from McMahon seeds for Monticello.
In 1808 McMahon purchased twenty acres on the Germantown Road, in Penn Township, Philadelphia for a nursery and botanic garden that would enable him to expand his business. He named it “Upsal Botanic Garden” in commemoration of Linnaeus' connection with Uppsala University. It was located at the north edge of the then urban part of the city. Part of the M’Mahon garden is currently occupied by Fotterall Square, a small park in Philadelphia.
In 1818 botanist Thomas Nuttall complimented McMahon's role in bestowing the genus name "Mahonia" on a group of West Coast broadleaf-evergreen shrubs still popular in American gardens. McMahon, growing the seedlings that were protected from commerce as Federal property, had the mortification to see published in British journals, and to see "Mahonia nervosa" itself introduced by Prince Nurseries, Flushing, Long Island, at twenty dollars a plant.
At his death the nursery business was left to his wife,and their son, Thomas P. M'Mahon, who continued to revise and republish "The American Gardener's Calendar".

</doc>
<doc id="20845824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845824" title="Ole Jørgen Hammeken">
Ole Jørgen Hammeken

Ole Jørgen Hammeken − born in 1956 in Nuuk, the capital of Greenland, of Maritha and Motzflot Hammeken − is a Greenlandic explorer and actor, based in Uummannaq, a town in northwestern Greenland.
Career.
Polar exploration.
He led the 2006 'Global Warming Dogsled Expedition' – a journey of over up and over the Greenland ice sheet from Uummannaq Fjord to Ilulissat, intended to draw people's attention to climate change and global warming.
In 2008, Hammeken completed a circumpolar voyage in a motorized open boat. In February 2009, Hammeken planned a centennial dog sled trip from northern Canada to the North Pole, 771 km (480 mi), one-way, minimum distance, retracing the footsteps of Robert Peary. He is a member of The Explorers Club.
Acting.
In 2009 Hammeken played the lead role of Ikuma in Le Voyage D'Inuk, a French-Greenlandic film in the Greenlandic language. The film premiered on 20 April 2010 in Stockholm, Sweden.
Personal life.
In 1993 Hammeken returned from Denmark, having abandoned a judicial career, deciding to settle in Uummannaq.
Hammeken is an advocate of traditional Greenlandic arts, preservation of dogsledding and historical hunting techniques, working through the "Uummannaq Polar Institute".

</doc>
<doc id="20845832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845832" title="1989 Asian Men's Handball Championship">
1989 Asian Men's Handball Championship

The 1989 Asian Men's Handball Championship was the fifth Asian Championship, which was taking place from August 18 to September 1, 1989 in Beijing, China.

</doc>
<doc id="20845844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845844" title="Kadhal Samrajyam">
Kadhal Samrajyam

Kadhal Samrajyam is an unreleased Tamil comedy film which was shot from 2001 onwards. The film, directed by Agathiyan and produced by Panchu Arunachalam's son, Subbu Panchu, starred an array of children of famous actors and technicians. The film was launched and completed in 2002 and is ready for release, but, despite the release of the soundtrack and the trailer, it is yet to see the lights of day. It should have been the debut film of Aravind, Charan, Anjana, Venkat Prabhu and Santhoshi, but due to the delay of the film's release they got introduced into the film industry in different ways and through other films.
Production.
The film was directed by Agathiyan and produced by Panchu Arunachalam's son, Subbu Panchu, who made his debut as a lone producer. The film starred an array of children of famous actors and technicians with singer S. P. Balasubramaniam's son, SPB Charan playing a pivotal role. Aravind Akash, son of popular dancer Susheela Neethi and daughter of TV artist Poornam, Santhoshi, played other lead roles Furthermore singer Malaysia Vasudevan's son, Yugendran and Gangai Amaren's son Venkat Prabhu as well as Goutham, son of late actor 'Major' Sunderrajan played supporting roles. The film also featured Anjana Sukhani, a newcomer from Mumbai, in the leading female role. The film was launched and completed in 2002 and was ready for release, but, despite the release of the soundtrack and the trailer, it was shelved due to financial problems. It could have been the debut film of Aravind, Charan, Anjana, Venkat Prabhu and Santhoshi, but due to the delay of the film's release they got introduced into the film industry in different ways and through other films.
The film became the third successive film featuring Charan, Venkat Prabhu and Yugendran to become an unreleased venture, with the first being "Poonjolai" which was directed by Gangai Amaran in 1996. The film which featured Venkat Prabhu in the lead role alongside Sangeetha in her debut started in April 1996 but remained unreleased, despite Ilayaraaja's soundtrack for the film becoming available. Charan and Venkat Prabhu then featured in Premji Amaren's "Wanted", with music by Yuvan Shankar Raja, which also featured their fathers in supporting roles. That film also failed to release and the pair teamed up in two further films, "Unnai Saranadainthaen" and "Vasantham Vandhachu", before becoming popular.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack, which was released on July 19, 2002, features 8 songs composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja with lyrics written by director Agathiyan himself.

</doc>
<doc id="20845850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845850" title="Sigma 50mm f/1.4 EX DG HSM lens">
Sigma 50mm f/1.4 EX DG HSM lens

The Sigma 50mm 1.4 EX DG HSM is a normal prime lens made by the Sigma Corporation. 
The lens is produced in Canon EF mount, Four Thirds System, Nikon F-mount, Pentax K mount, Sigma's own SA mount, and the Sony/Minolta AF Mount varieties, all have the same optical formula.
Technical information.
The Sigma 50mm 1.4 EX DG HSM is constructed with a plastic body and a metal mount. This lens features a distance window with depth of field scale. A nine-blade, maximum aperture of 1.4 gives the lens the ability to create shallow depth-of-field effects. The optical construction of this lens contains eight lens elements, including one aspherical lens element. This lens uses a front extension focusing system, powered by a ring USM motor. Auto-focus speed of the lens is moderate; it is not as fast as most ring USM lenses. The front of the lens does not rotate, but does extend when focusing. The lens is designed so that the outer body barrel is longer than the inner lens barrel, when the inner lens barrel is at its longest extension. This results in the lens maintaining the same overall length no matter where the point of focus lies.
When used on a digital crop body with a field of view compensation factor of 2× (Four Thirds body), it provides a field of view equivalent to a 100 mm lens mounted in a 35 mm body. In a 1.6× body, such as the Canon EOS 7D, it provides a narrower field of view, equivalent to an 80 mm lens mounted on a 35 mm frame body. With a 1.5× body such as the Nikon D300, it provides a less narrow field of view, equivalent to a 75 mm lens mounted on a 35 mm frame body. With a 1.3× body such as the Canon EOS-1D Mark III, it provides an even less narrow field of view, equivalent to a 65 mm lens mounted on a 35 mm frame body.
Advantages & Problems.
This lens has shown to have lower vignetting than other Canon 50mm lenses. It has been reported that quality control problems lead to some copies of this lens having problems attaining proper focus when using auto focus.
See also.
Noted Nikon blogger Thom Hogan has given a largely positive review of the lens on his website, bythom.com. 
http://www.bythom.com/Sigma-50-HSM-lensreview.htm
References.
http://www.bythom.com/Sigma-50-HSM-lensreview.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20845860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845860" title="German rugby union championship">
German rugby union championship

The German rugby union championship was established in 1909 and has since been played, with exceptions, annually. It is the highest competition in Germany in the sport of Rugby Union.
History.
Men.
The German Rugby Federation, the "DRV" was formed on 4 November 1900 in Kassel.
The first final of the German championship was played on 14 November 1909 in Stuttgart. Originally it was played between the two best teams out of the regional competitions. In 1962, a cup competition, the "DRV-Pokal", was introduced, and additionally, a league cup was formed in 1983. All competitions are played annually.
In 1971, the Rugby-Bundesliga was established, from then on the two best teams out of this league would play in the final.
The TSV Victoria Linden from Hannover is the record champion, having won 20 titles so far. Until 2006, every final included a team from Hannover. Since then, in 2006, 2007 and 2008, no team from this city has reached the German final.
From 1996, a German championship in sevens rugby has been organised. This competition has been held annually since, except in 2001 and 2002.
Women.
A German women's championship was established in 1988 and has been held annually since. Since 2000, the women also organise a sevens championship.
Men's championship finals.
Since 1909, the German rugby champions are determined by a final (except in 2001-02), nowadays held between the two top teams of the Rugby-Bundesliga:
Championship finals.
Source:
Winners & Finalists.
As of 2013, this is the standing in the all-time winners list of the German championship:
Winners by city.
Rugby in Germany is predominantly played in Heidelberg and Hanover, which is reflected in championship wins by city (as of 2013):
Sevens rugby championship finals.
Source:
Women's championship finals.
Since 1988, the German women's rugby champions are determined by a final:
Championship finals.
Source:
Sevens rugby championship finals.
Source:
East Germany.
The East German championship was held from 1952 to 1990, with the Stahl Hennigsdorf Rugby as the most successful team, winning 27 championships:

</doc>
<doc id="20845871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845871" title="Ecrobia ventrosa">
Ecrobia ventrosa

Ecrobia ventrosa, common name : the spire snail, is a European species of small brackish water snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs on the coasts of:
Description.
The size of an adult shell reaches 3.7 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="20845881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845881" title="Edith Mærsk">
Edith Mærsk

Edith Maersk is a container ship and the sister ship of Emma Maersk, thus one of the world's largest cargo ships. She has capacity for 13,500 containers; calculations from Maersk Line company say that it has only 11,000 TEUs capacity. She can reach up to 15,200 TEUs according to specialists.
Design.
The ship has a length of and a beam of . The depth of the "Edith Maersk" is and while fully loaded she can reach a draft of . The deadweight of the container ship is 156,907 metric tons, while the gross tonnage is 170,794 gross tons. The ship is powered by a 14-cylinder Wärtsilä RT-flex diesel engine with a power of 80,000 kW. Designers decided that this power is not enough for the ship and added a waste heat recovery system, which increased the power to 90,000 kW. The ship is registered in the port of Roskilde, Denmark in spite of higher taxes. The company is investing in home country taxes and prefers to use the home flags, despite lower restrictions of convenient flags' countries.
History.
"Edith Maersk" was built by the Odense Steel Shipyard, Denmark and was handed over to the A.P. Moller - Maersk Group on Saturday 3 November 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20845887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845887" title="Jalan Sengkuang">
Jalan Sengkuang

Jalan Sengkuang (Johor state route ) is a major road in Johor, Malaysia

</doc>
<doc id="20845909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20845909" title="Mercuria (gastropod)">
Mercuria (gastropod)

Mercuria is a genus of small brackish water snails or freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.
Species.
Species within the genus "Mercuria" include:

</doc>
