<doc id="20774714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774714" title="Fist of the North Star (1986 film)">
Fist of the North Star (1986 film)

Plot.
After a global-scale nuclear war, the majority of earth's surface has become a wasteland, with most of the world's survivors fighting over the few uncontaminated food and water supplies. A ship crashed into the 100th story of a skyscraper. Kenshiro, the master of the deadly martial art "Hokuto Shinken", is traveling with his fiancee Yuria (Julia in English version) when they are confronted by Ken's former friend Shin of the "Nanto Seiken". After defeating Ken in combat, Shin engraves seven wounds on Ken's chest and leaves him for dead, taking Yuria with him. Ken's eldest brother Raoh, having witnessed the fight without intervening, returns to his dojo and challenges his Master Ryuken's decision to choose Ken as his successor over him. Raoh kills Ryuken and proclaims he will become the ruler of the new world.
A year passes and Ken is found wandering in the desert. He rescues a couple of young children named Bat and Lin from bandits. Afterwards he allies himself with another martial artist named Rei, a "Nanto Seiken" master who is searching for his sister Airi. Ken learns from Rei that his brother Jagi has been impersonating him in an attempt to tarnish his reputation and draw him out. Ken heads to Jagi's lair and defeats him. Before dying, Jagi reveals that he was one who convinced Shin to betray Ken and that he is now living with Yuria in his stronghold of Southern Cross.
Elsewhere, Raoh has amassed a huge army, expanding his domain by defeating rival warlords and begins heading to Southern Cross. There Yuria is treated with a life of luxury, living under the rule of King Shin. However, Yuria refuses Shin's gifts of affection, longing to be reunited with Ken. When she overhears that Ken is still alive, she attempts to sneak out of the castle, only to be taken captive by Raoh, who challenges Shin to combat. A while later, Kenshiro arrives at Southern Cross, finding the city in flames and Shin's men dead. Shin is still alive and fights Ken, but the battle does not last long, as Shin was graveley wounded in his battle with Raoh. Before dying, Shin tells Ken that Raoh has taken Yuria to Cassandra, the City of Wailing Demons.
Lin arrives at Cassandra along with Bat and Rei, where they witness Raoh's army marching through the streets. Lin sees Yuria being held by Raoh's men during the parade and decides to break into Raoh's Dungeon later that night with Bat. The two meet Yuria in her cell and leave her with a plant grown from a seed Yuria gave to Ken before leaving. The plant catches Raoh's attention and Yuria is immediately sentenced to a public execution the following morning. Rei challenges Raoh, after defeating his second-in-command. However, he is no match against Raoh himself. Ken rushes to Cassandra, but arrives too late. After Rei dies, Kenshiro and Raoh unleash their full fighting aura and battle until most of the town is destroyed. Both exhausted of all their power and strength, Raoh manages to get in the final blow, and incapacitates Ken. Lin interrupts the fight before Raoh can kill Ken, and implores Raoh to stop the fight. Raoh agrees to Lin's request and walks away, swearing to postpone the battle for another day. Ken leaves Lin and Bat, and continues his search for Yuria, who mysteriously vanished during the final battle.
Releases.
Japanese.
The film version of "Hokuto no Ken" was released theatrically in Japan on March 8, 1986, followed by a VHS release in 1988, on Laserdisc in 1995, and on Region 2 DVD on November 21, 2008. The Japanese home video versions of "Hokuto no Ken" featured a revised ending from the original theatrical version. In the theatrical version, Kenshiro falls unconscious during the final battle, giving Raoh the ample opportunity to finish him off until he is interrupted by Lin. In the revised ending, both warriors are still conscious when they're about to deliver their mutual finishing blows before they're both interrupted by Lin. The revised ending was produced since the film's director, Toyoo Ashida, felt that the theatrical ending was unnatural due to the way Raoh abruptly decides to spare Kenshiro's life. Only the first-print editions of the DVD featured the theatrical ending.
English.
An English-dubbed version was produced by Streamline Pictures, which was first released on home video in 1991 in North America and in 1994 in the United Kingdom and Australia by Manga Entertainment. The DVD release of Streamline's English dub was released by Image Entertainment. Discotek Media released a remastered DVD version of the film in May 2009, which, unlike the Japanese re-release, features only the original ending from the theatrical release.
Reception.
The English dub version of the movie was released two years after Viz Communications' short-lived first translation of the manga, and had mixed reviews among casual viewers and anime fandom. A review from Akemi's Anime World calls it "so bad it's good, and the original in the genre" and calls quality of the dub "cheesy", but "suitable". Richard Harrington of the Washington Post criticized the violent nature of the movie and quality of the animation, saying that "watching it you will feel as comfortable as a hemophiliac in a razor blade factory". Stephen Nolden of the New York Times expresses that "in its carelessly translated and poorly dubbed English adaptation, the characters express themselves in diction so stiff that they seem ludicrously prissy".

</doc>
<doc id="20774719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774719" title="Samuel Johnson (English footballer)">
Samuel Johnson (English footballer)

Samuel Clay Johnson (July 1881 – "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. Born in Manchester, he began his career with Tonge, but moved to Newton Heath in January 1901. He made his only league appearance on 20 March 1901, playing at inside right in a 3–2 home defeat by Leicester Fosse. He moved to Barnsley for the 1901–02 season, but did not make a single appearance before moving on to Heywood in November 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="20774720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774720" title="2008 North American Under 21 World Qualifier">
2008 North American Under 21 World Qualifier


</doc>
<doc id="20774723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774723" title="Doctrine of non-derogation from grants">
Doctrine of non-derogation from grants

The doctrine of non-derogation from grants is a principle of the law of England and Wales. As the House of Lords explained in "British Leyland Motor Corp. v. Armstrong Patents Co.", it states that a seller of realty or goods is not permitted to take any action (such as bringing an infringement action) that will lessen the value to the buyer of the thing sold. 
United States federal law recognises similar doctrines such as the exhaustion doctrine or doctrine of implied license. A similar effect has also been realised in United States patent law under the doctrine of repair and reconstruction.
An important difference between the doctrine of non-derogation from grants and other doctrines, particularly implied license, that are used to accomplish similar results is that the doctrine of non-derogation from grants is "inherent" as a matter of property law and apparently cannot be avoided by a seller's use of language attempting to negative application of the doctrine or by trial counsel's pointing to evidence of intent not to relinquish patent rights or copyright. In contrast, the other doctrines may be vulnerable to contractual disclaimers or evidence of intent not to grant intellectual property rights. The issue is discussed to some extent in the courts' opinions in "British Leyland" and "Quanta Computer, Inc. v. LG Electronics, Inc."

</doc>
<doc id="20774727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774727" title="Duke Pandemonium">
Duke Pandemonium

Duke Pandemonium is the second studio album by Scottish conceptual rock duo Marmaduke Duke, released on 11 May 2009 on 14th Floor Records. Band member JP Reid describes the album as "superfunky, supertight, superunique."
According to Simon Neil, the album is "a lot more cohesive" than its predecessor "The Magnificent Duke". He states that the band recorded a "dance record": "I suppose it's in that kind of TV On The Radio vibe, you know, lots of grooves and beats – I'm playing keyboard live on here, I don’t really play any guitars in this band which really helps to keep me out of that usual comfort zone."
The album entered the UK Albums Chart at #14, and includes the singles: "Kid Gloves", "Rubber Lover" and "Silhouettes".
Background.
"Duke Pandemonium", the second instalment of Marmaduke Duke's planned trilogy of albums, was recorded soon after "The Magnificent Duke". Many of the songs were performed at gigs as early as 2005, and the tracks "Everybody Dance" and "Music Show" were featured on a promo CD distributed in 2006. JP Reid states that the recording began "the day after I finished making Sucioperro's debut album, "Random Acts of Intimacy". I spent two weeks in Wales then went straight into the studio and started on "Duke Pandemonium"."
Initially, the album was to be released during the summer of 2006, on the now defunct label, Captains Of Industry. The album was eventually released on 14th Floor Records in 2009. Simon Neil states:
unfortunately Captains Of Industry had gone under when we had made this record, and the guys at 14th Floor heard it and really loved it, and so we kind of gave them a finished piece. It's a weird one for them, in many ways – it's not normally the kind of thing they'd release, I think, but they really loved it from the off.
The delay in the album's release was also partly due to the emergent success of Biffy Clyro, bringing with it the associated increase in touring, promotion and gigs.
The album was mixed by renowned producer/mixer Rich Costey (renamed The Octopus) and was mastered by Howie Weinberg. In February 2009, "Music Show" was given away as a free download from the NME website. The NME also included the band's cover of "Friday I'm In Love" on a free compilation album in tribute to The Cure. They also performed an acoustic cover version of "Fall At Your Feet" by Crowded House for Dermot O'Leary's Radio show in February 2009.
"Erotic Robotic" was given its first play on BBC Radio 1 when Biffy Clyro stood in for Zane Lowe in early 2009. Subsequently, "Rubber Lover" was named as the "Hottest Record in the World Today" on Zane Lowe's Radio 1 show on 4 March 2009.
In early April 2009, the album was leaked in its entirety to several filesharing websites.
Singles.
"Kid Gloves" is the first single from the album that was released on 2 March 2009. The song received its first radio play on 18 December 2008 by Zane Lowe on BBC Radio 1. An animated video has been directed by James Price and was released in January 2009. "Kid Gloves" is due to be released across three formats featuring the following b-sides:
The track was remixed by Jacknife Lee and made available as a limited edition 7" and download.

</doc>
<doc id="20774741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774741" title="Joe Kinloch">
Joe Kinloch

Joseph Kinloch (born January 1864 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Blackburn. He played for Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20774752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774752" title="Diving at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics">
Diving at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics

Diving at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics in Singapore was scheduled for the 21 till 24 of August, and consisted of the boy's and girl's 3 meter springboard and the boys' and girls' 10 meter platform. There were 48 competitors total.
Diving took place at the Toa Payoh Swimming Complex. 
Qualification Summary.
The first nine ranked divers in each of the four events secured their qualification to participate in their respective diving events. However, each country may only have one male and one female diver representing the NOC.

</doc>
<doc id="20774758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774758" title="Albert Kinsey">
Albert Kinsey

Albert John Kinsey (born 19 September 1945) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Liverpool. He played for Manchester United and Wrexham. Albert Kinsey played a major role in Wrexham's promotion to League Division 3 in season 1969-1970, finishing as joint leading scorer in the Football League, with 26 goals. Three years later, he became the first player to score a goal in European competition for Wrexham, helping them to draw 1-1 at F.C.Zurich, who were eventually defeated 3-2 on aggregate. He later joined Crewe Alexandra before dropping into non-league football with Wigan Athletic, where he scored one goal in five Northern Premier League games in the 1973–74 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20774762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774762" title="Hugh le Despenser">
Hugh le Despenser

Hugh le Despenser may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20774768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774768" title="Ciudad Guadalupe Victoria">
Ciudad Guadalupe Victoria


</doc>
<doc id="20774813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774813" title="Steve Burdick">
Steve Burdick

"Steve Burdick" is an episode of the 1990 NBC television series "Lifestories", an anthology drama that each week followed a new set of characters dealing with a medical issue. The episode revolves around Burdick (D. W. Moffett), a gay television newsman with AIDS. When his lover dies of the disease, Burdick reveals his own diagnosis on the air to the displeasure of his station manager. The episode was loosely based on Paul Wynne, a newscaster out of San Francisco who died of AIDS in 1990.
The episode was originally scheduled for December 2, 1990. However, NBC pulled the episode, sparking criticism from gay and AIDS activists. The network rescheduled it for December 18, when "Lifestories" was changed from being a weekly series to a monthly special. The episode was critically acclaimed, winning a GLAAD Media Award, but financially unsuccessful for the network.
Synopsis.
Steve Burdick is a local television news anchor who keeps his homosexuality private. He and his lover are tested for HIV and both test positive. Burdick struggles to keep himself together as his lover's health declines. When his lover dies, Burdick breaks down on the air and announces the death and that he too is HIV-positive. Station managers want to fire him, but his producer, Barbara Hudson, convinces the station that AIDS reportage is newsworthy and socially responsible. Burdick's pieces are tagged with a viewer discretion advisory. He continues to report until he begins to show symptoms of AIDS, at which time the station managers pull him off the air.
Scheduling controversy.
"Steve Burdick" was originally scheduled to air on December 2, 1990. Had it aired on that date it would have been one of several programs relating to AIDS airing in early December, which is designated World AIDS Month, with December 1 being World AIDS Day. Gay and AIDS activists accused NBC of pulling the episode out of fear of advertiser backlash, a charge that NBC denied. A network spokesperson also denied that network schedulers were aware of World AIDS Month and, in a perhaps unfortunate choice of phrase, characterized the decision to pull the episode as a "straight programming decision". Series producer Jeffrey Lewis also believed there was an economic motive, saying "I suspect a show about AIDS would not be popular with advertisers — particularly (when it focused on) a gay person with AIDS." NBC changed "Lifestories" from a weekly series to a monthly one in December and on December 5 confirmed that "Steve Burdick" would be the first of the monthly episodes aired.
Reception.
"Steve Burdick" was well received by critics. The "Seattle Times" described the episode as "as honest an exploration of AIDS as anything seen on commercial network TV". Moffett's performance was singled out for praise, as was Richard Gollance's script, for "look at a number of aspects of the AIDS problem, exploring a variety of attitudes about it". The "Times" marks this as the best episode of the series. The "Hartford Courant" concurred in this assessment, citing the episode as the most memorable of one of the season's most daring new series. Gollance's script was also praised by critic Jon Burlingame, writing for United Features Syndicate, for delivering accurate information on AIDS and HIV. Burlingame called the episode "as much an indictment of commercial television for its skittishness in dealing with the AIDS crisis as it is a show about AIDS patients" and speculated that this may have been the reason NBC initially pulled it. He cited this episode, along with two AIDS-themed episodes of NBC's "Midnight Caller" (themselves the subject of protests from gay and AIDS activists), as "network series TV's finest AIDS-related dramas to date". Right-wing activists criticized dialogue from the episode in which Burdick overhears his hospital roommate in prayer and admonishes him that he didn't pay attention well enough in church to learn that God ignores the prayers of "faggots".
"Steve Burdick" scored a Nielsen rating of 9.7, equating to approximately 9.5 million viewers, and a 17 share, meaning that 17% of all television sets in use during its time period were tuned to the episode. NBC reported losing $500,000 in advertising revenue. Speaking of this loss, then-NBC president Warren Littlefield said, at odds with NBC's earlier denial of possible revenue loss being a factor in its scheduling decision, "There are few things in broadcasting that we know for sure, and one of those is that when you do an episode of any series that deals with AIDS, there is going to be advertiser sensitivity to it. And if you choose to do it anyway, you better count on losing money."
"Steve Burdick" won a GLAAD Media Award as the best television drama episode of 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20774819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774819" title="Hermann Schridde">
Hermann Schridde

Hermann Schridde (3 July 1937 in Celle - 18 May 1985 in Meißendorf near Winsen) was a German equestrian.
Schridde won the German show jumping championship in 1960.
Schridde was a show jumper at the 1964 Summer Olympics for the United Team of Germany. He won a gold medal in the team event and a silver medal in the individual event. In 1965, he won the European Show Jumping Championships in Aachen riding "Dozent". At the 1968 Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the team event, riding for West Germany. He qualified for West Germany for the 1972 Summer Olympics, but withdrew, and founded a private school for parachutists in Meißendorf. 
He was appointed German federal show jumping trainer in 1980, and held the post until his death from an aircraft crash in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20774874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774874" title="List of Fist of the North Star chapters">
List of Fist of the North Star chapters

The manga "Hokuto no Ken" (known as Fist of the North Star in its English editions) by Buronson and Tetsuo Hara was originally published by Shueisha in the magazine "Weekly Shonen Jump" from 1983 to 1988, and the series was subsequently reprinted in 27 collected editions ("tankōbon") under the Jump Comics imprint. During the 1990s, Shueisha reprinted "Hokuto no Ken" in 15 hardcover "aizōban" editions, as well as 15 corresponding economy-sized "bunko" editions.
A 14-volume "Kanzenban" edition was published by Shogakukan in 2006 under the "Big Comics Selection" imprint, featuring the original water-colored artwork from the "Weekly Shōnen Jump" serialization. It has also been released in 27 pay-to-download e-book editions.
Viz Communications published the first sixteen chapters of "Fist of the North Star" in English as an eight-issue monthly comic in 1989, which were later reprinted in a single graphic novel collection in 1995. During that same year, Viz resumed publication of the series as a monthly comic until 1997, lasting eighteen issues (spanning chapters 17-44), which were subsequently reprinted in three additional graphic novels. The license was later acquired by Gutsoon! Entertainment, which published a new translation of the series in the form of a "Master Edition" featuring newly colorized artwork and retained the original right-to-left orientation of the art, as well as new cover artwork by Tetsuo Hara from the fourth volume and onward. The "Master Edition" of "Fist of the North Star" was published from 2002 to 2003, lasting only nine volumes, due to Gutsoon!'s withdrawal from the North American market.

</doc>
<doc id="20774903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774903" title="Rita Deli">
Rita Deli

Rita Deli (born 21 August 1972 in Tatabánya) is a former Hungarian team handball player who received the silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney and collected the bronze at the 1998 European Championship in the Netherlands.
She was forced to retire because of a recurrent achilles tendon injury in 2004. Deli currently works as a youth coach by her former club Alcoa FKC.

</doc>
<doc id="20774929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774929" title="Johann Ramaré">
Johann Ramaré

Johann Ramaré (born 5 June 1984 in Rennes) is a French football midfielder. He currently plays for the French Ligue 1 side Stade Reims.
Career.
Ramaré began his career with JA Mordelles and joined 1997 in the youthteam of Stade Rennais. He was part of the reserve team until 2006, when he joined US Boulogne, then of the Championnat National. He has been an integral part of the club since then, wearing the number eight shirt, and helping his side to promotion to French Ligue 2. On 26 May 2010, the 25-year old midfielder, whose contract with Boulogne had expired, signed a two year deal with Stade Reims. His contract was not renewed at the end of this deal. On 24 July 2013, he signed a three year deal with Stade Brestois in Ligue 2. 

</doc>
<doc id="20774947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774947" title="Derby Time Online">
Derby Time Online

Derby Time Online is a PlayStation 3 game developed and published in Japan by SCEI. It is a horse racing simulator. It was only released in Japan. 
References.
IGN

</doc>
<doc id="20774970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774970" title="Zdeněk Tůma">
Zdeněk Tůma

Zdeněk Tůma (born 19 October 1960) is a Czech economist and a former Governor of the Czech National Bank since 1 December 2000. He was confirmed by President Václav Klaus for another six-year term on 11 February 2005. Tůma resigns as of 30 June 2010. Previously he was Vice Governor of the Bank from 13 February 1999 to 30 November 2000. According to iHNed.cz Governor Tůma's salary was $220,000.
Tůma is a graduate of the Faculty of Trade at the University of Economics, Prague. Then he joined Institute for Forecasting of the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences as a researcher. From 1993 to 1995 he was an advisor to the Minister of Industry and Trade. Before joining the Czech National Bank he held a position in the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.
Tůma chairs the CERGE-EI Nadace (Foundation), which supports economic education in transition and developing countries. 
He was a TOP 09 party nominee for the Mayor office of the Czech capital Prague in Czech local elections (October 2010). Though TOP 09 won the most number of votes, they were unable to form a coalition with any other parties. The second- and third-place parties (ODS and ČSSD) instead made a coalition and Bohuslav Svoboda was elected Mayor by the City Council on 6 December 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="20774983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20774983" title="San Francisco del Mezquital">
San Francisco del Mezquital

Mezquital (Tepehuan: Boodamtam) is a city and seat of the Municipality of Mezquital in the state of Durango, north-western Mexico. It is situated in the northeast of the municipality, near the boundary with the Municipality of Suchil.
There is uncertainty as to the official name of this municipal capital. According to an online encyclopedia of Mexico's municipalities produced by the federal Secretariat of Governance, the name of this city is simply Mezquital, but the federal postal service gives San Francisco del Mezquital, which is the name of the second convent founded in the vicinity during the colonial era.
References.
The following references are in Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="20775016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775016" title="Club Biguá de Villa Biarritz">
Club Biguá de Villa Biarritz

Club Biguá is a professional basketball team based in Montevideo, currently playing the Liga Uruguaya de Basketball. The club, which offers a wide variety of sports, was founded in 1931 after "Biguá" and "Club Biarritz" got together to form "Club Biguá de Villa Biarritz". So far, Biguá has won 3 Federal Championships (Uruguay's most important tournament until 2000) in 1988, 1989 and 1990, 2 Liga Uruguaya de Basketball (the new version of the Uruguayan basketball league) in 2007 and 2008, Torneo Super 4 in 2008 and 2 Campeonato Sudamericano de Clubes in 1992 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20775036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775036" title="Iron oxide cycle">
Iron oxide cycle

The iron oxide cycle (Fe3O4/FeO) is the original two-step thermochemical cycle proposed for use for hydrogen production.
It is based on the reduction and subsequent oxidation of iron ions, particularly the reduction and oxidation from Fe3+ to Fe2+. The ferrites, or iron oxide, begins in the form of a spinel and depending on the reaction conditions, dopant metals and support material forms either Wüstites or different spinels.
Process description.
The thermochemical two-step water splitting process uses two redox steps. The steps of solar hydrogen production by iron baised two-step cycle are:
Where M can by any number of metals often Fe itself, Co, Ni, Mn, Zn or mixtures thereof. The endothermic reduction step (1) is carried out at high temperatures greater than 1400 oC, though the "Hercynite cycle" is capable of temperatures as low as 1200 oC. The oxidative water splitting step (2) occurs at a lower ~1000 oC temperature which produces the original ferrite material in addition to hydrogen gas. The temperature level is realized by using a solar power tower and a set of heliostats to collect the solar thermal energy.
Hercynite cycle.
Like the traditional iron oxide cycle, the hercynite is based on the oxidation and reduction of iron atoms. However unlike the traditional cycle, the ferrite material reacts with a second metal oxide, aluminum oxide, rather than simply decomposing. The reactions take place via the following two reactions:
The reduction step of the hercynite reaction takes place at temperature ~ 200 oC lower than the traditional water splitting cycle ( 1200 oC). This leads to lower radiation losses, which scale as temperature to the fourth power.
Advantages and Disadvantages.
The advantages of the ferrite cycles are: they have lower reduction temperatures than other 2-step systems, no metallic gasses are produced, high specific H2 production capacity, non-toxicity of the elements used and abundance of the constituent elements.
The disadvantages of the ferrite cycles are: similar reduction and melting temperature of the spinels (except for the hercynite cycle as aluminates have very high melting temperatures), and slow rates of the oxidation, or water splitting, reaction.

</doc>
<doc id="20775046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775046" title="Jérémy Blayac">
Jérémy Blayac

Jérémy Blayac (born 13 June 1983 in Saint-Affrique) is a French football striker who plays for Angers.
Career.
Blayac began his career as part of the youth academy at French club Toulouse FC. He left the club in 2004, to join Ligue 2 side Stade de Reims. He stayed here only one season, before having two stints at AS Cannes, with a season at LB Châteauroux in between. In 2008 he joined French second tier club US Boulogne.
On 29 January 2011, he participated in his first game with the team Touraine cons Clermont (1-3). After four matches played in the league, he scored his first goal Tours February 18, 2011 at Stade de la Vallée du Cher cons Troyes (1-0).

</doc>
<doc id="20775068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775068" title="Jacob Burck">
Jacob Burck

Jacob "Jake" Burck (1907–1982) was an American painter, sculptor, and Pulitzer Prize-winning editorial cartoonist.
Biography.
Early years.
Jacob Burck was born January 10, 1907, near Białystok, Poland, the son of ethnic Jewish parents, Abraham Burke and Rebecca Lev Burke. 
Burck lived in Cleveland until 1924. He attended the Cleveland School of Art on a scholarship after he was discovered on a Cleveland sidewalk sketching instead of attending elementary school. 
Thereafter, Burck moved to New York City where he studied at the Art Students League of New York with Albert Sterner and Boardman Robinson. It was there that he met and married fellow art student Esther Kriger.
New York years.
In 1928 Burck began to draw occasional editorial cartoons for the Communist Party's daily newspaper, "The Daily Worker", as well as its monthly artistic-literary magazine, "The New Masses." He was added to the staff of "The Daily Worker" as a full-time cartoonist in 1929.
Burck was close friends with Alexander Calder, Whittaker Chambers, Langston Hughes, Meyer Schapiro and many other figures in the New York art and progressive scene. During this period his art was exhibited with other prominent artists: George Grosz, José Clemente Orozco, Diego Rivera, Jean Charlot, Thomas Hart Benton, Hugo Gellert, William Gropper, David Alfaro Siqueiros, Julio Castellanos, John Flannagan (sculptor), and Louis Lozowick. 
During the middle 1930s, Burck was a contributing editor of "Labor Defender", the monthly magazine of the Communist Party's legal defense organization, International Labor Defense. He also contributed work to the official organ of the party's social and fraternal organization, the International Workers Order.
In 1935, Burck traveled to Moscow with Kriger and their young son to complete and install a set of murals commissioned by Intourist, Inc. A New York Times review of studies for the murals stated, "Mr. Burck has arranged his figures with uncommon skill, achieving a pattern of splendidly organized vitality." This was a period in which the so-called "Cult of Personality" around Soviet leader Joseph Stalin was in full swing and Burck took umbrage to the Soviet government's insistence that he modify the content of his work so as to glorify Stalin. The couple returned without completing the mural. This episode seems to have marked the end of Burck's connection with the Communist movement.
Chicago years.
After returning from the USSR, Burck went to work as an editorial cartoonist for the "St. Louis Post Dispatch", before moving to the "Chicago Times" in 1938. Burck's incisive and biting style led to his daily cartoons being syndicated by Field Newspaper Syndicate of Field Enterprises in more than 200 newspapers across the United States. Burck's signature style, with India ink with brush, grease pencil, or lithograph crayon, was soon adopted by Bill Mauldin and most other editorial cartoonists of the 1940s and 1950s. 
Burck won the Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Cartooning while at the "Chicago Times" in 1941 for a cartoon titled, "If I Should Die Before I Wake". In 1942, he received the inaugural Society of Professional Journalists prize for editorial cartooning, the Sigma Delta Chi Award.
Burck's continued style and criticism through cartooning of politicians, hypocrisy, and social injustice left him an open target during the Second Red Scare of the 1950s. Senator Joseph McCarthy and the House Un-American Activities Committee investigated his early, radical associations. In 1953, they attempted to have the bohemian Burck (who had neglected to formalize his US citizenship) deported. The Government claimed that Burck had joined the Communist Party in 1934 and remained a member at least through 1936. Burck denied ever joining the Party, claiming membership had been pressed on him by his employer, the "Daily Worker". 
Burck's defense was able to demonstrate "a long record of anti-communism... exemplified in his political cartoons." Charges were eventually dropped after a sustained legal defense funded personally by the publisher of the Chicago Sun-Times, Marshall Field III. The deportation order was formally vacated by an act of the United States Congress in April 1957. 
Burck's syndications dropped drastically because of the government case, but he continued to produce daily editorial cartoons for the "Chicago Sun-Times", successor to the "Chicago Times", over a 44-year career. 
Burck's final published editorial cartoon appeared in the "Chicago Sun-Times" on February 23, 1982. Over the course of his career he was responsible for drawing over 10,000 editorial cartoons.
Death and Legacy.
Jacob Burck died on May 11, 1982, at the age of 75, of injuries sustained in a fire in his home caused by a smoldering cigarette. He was preceded in death by his wife, Esther, who died in 1975, and survived by his children, Joseph and Conrad.
Works.
Art.
Burck was a prominent painter and sculptor through the 1960s and 1970s. 
Burck's original works were collected by Richard Nixon and are in the permanent collections of the Smithsonian Institution, The Art Institute of Chicago, the Cleveland Museum of Art and the University of Michigan Museum of Art. 
His evocative portrait of Hugh Hefner, the smoke from his pipe forming a group of writhing bodies, hung in the Playboy mansion in Chicago.
His work is part of the "Capital and Labor" portion of the Library of Congress online exhibit "Life of the People": Realist Prints and Drawings from the Ben and Beatrice Goldstein Collection, 1912–1948.

</doc>
<doc id="20775071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775071" title="Dinah, Yes Indeed!">
Dinah, Yes Indeed!

Dinah, Yes Indeed! is a 1958 studio album by Dinah Shore, arranged by Nelson Riddle.

</doc>
<doc id="20775072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775072" title="Anne Terzibaschitsch">
Anne Terzibaschitsch

Anne Terzibaschitsch is a German pianist, composer and piano teacher.
Life.
Anne Terzibaschitsch was born in Essen, Germany, on August 5, 1955. She was taught her first piano lessons at the age of five and her first violin and cello lessons at the ages of ten and twelve respectively.
From 1975 to 1983, she took a degree in music at the University of Music Karlsruhe, Germany, majoring in piano. For many years, she has been working as a freelance pianist and piano teacher.
Work.
As part of her educational work, Anne Terzibaschitsch has composed and arranged numerous pieces for piano, which were published in several volumens by Musikverlag Holzschuh under the title of ""Tastenträume (Piano Dreams)"".

</doc>
<doc id="20775077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775077" title="Beirut Air Base">
Beirut Air Base

Beirut Air Base ( "Kaidat Bayrut al-jawiya") is a military base owned by the Lebanese Armed Forces and operated by the Lebanese Air Force. It is located 9 km (5.6 mi) from the city center in the southern suburbs of Beirut, Lebanon.
Currently, the Lebanese Air Force occupies part of the west end of the Beirut Rafic Hariri International Airport and has been the base of most of the helicopter force for almost 50 years, which include the Hawker Hunters, Fouga Magisters and other aircraft during certain periods.
History.
After the formation of the air force, the Beirut Air Base was established in 1950. During the early years, Rayak was the main air base; however, the air force wanted to establish another air base close to the capital and after studying most of the areas around Beirut, it was concluded that the new site for the Beirut International airport in Khalde was best fit.
Inventory.
The military base is currently the home of the Tenth Squadron and Eleventh Squadron, which operate Bell UH-1H Hueys. In addition to the Eight Squadron which operates Aerospatiale SA.342 Gazelles.

</doc>
<doc id="20775079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775079" title="Bielsko municipal election, 1936">
Bielsko municipal election, 1936

Municipal elections were held in Bielsko, Poland, in December 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="20775089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775089" title="Hannes Schnier">
Hannes Schnier

Johann "Hannes" Schnier (born March 23, 1977 in Vienna) is an Austrian darts player who plays in British Darts Organisation events.
In June 2006, Schnier won the Austrian National Championship, beating Dietmar Burger in the final. Since 2007, Schnier has played in tournaments sancioned by the German Darts Corporation, an affiliate of the PDC where its highest ranked player earns automatic qualification for the PDC World Darts Championship. He has made numerous quarter final and semi final appearances but has so far only managed to win one GDC ranked event in Niedernhausen in May 2008.
Schnier made his televised debut in the inaugural European Darts Championship in Frankfurt, Germany where he lost in the first round to Adrian Lewis.
Schnier finished 2nd in the GDC rankings in 2008 and as the top GDC player Mensur Suljovic qualified as one of the four top ranked Europeans on the PDC Order of Merit, Schnier earned qualification for the 2009 PDC World Darts Championship but lost to China's Shi Yongsheng 6-4 in the Preliminary Round.

</doc>
<doc id="20775094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775094" title="Jovan Belcher">
Jovan Belcher

Jovan Henry Allen Belcher (July 24, 1987 – December 1, 2012) was an American football linebacker who played for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL). He grew up in West Babylon, New York and was a standout high school athlete before attending and graduating from the University of Maine, where he played for the Maine Black Bears football team. Belcher was named an All-American twice in college after switching in his junior year from linebacker to defensive end.
Belcher was considered a strong small-school NFL prospect, but was not selected in the 2009 NFL Draft. He was later signed as a free agent by the Chiefs and became a regular starter at inside linebacker in 2010. His most productive season was in 2011, when he had 61 tackles and 26 assists. He was re-signed by Kansas City before the 2012 season and played in the team's first 11 games.
Belcher died on December 1, 2012, in a murder-suicide, killing his girlfriend, 22-year-old Kasandra Perkins, before driving to the Chiefs' training facility and shooting himself in the head with a hand gun.
Early years.
The son of John Belcher and Cheryl Shepard, Belcher grew up on Long Island, New York, and attended West Babylon High School in West Babylon, New York. He wrestled and played football there under head coach Albert Ritacco between 2001 and 2004. He was a three-time All-American as a wrestler, and played as a linebacker, offensive tackle, nose guard and fullback on the football team. He was captain of the football team for two seasons and led West Babylon to two Long Island Football Championships playoff appearances, although the team did not reach the title game. The team had its first-ever undefeated regular season in 2004, when Belcher was a senior, but lost in the Suffolk County Championship game. The school retired his number 52 jersey, and he returned to the school frequently later in his career to give pregame speeches to the team.
Though he had an accomplished high school career – Belcher was a second-team All-Long Island selection in 2004 and was named to "Newsday"'s list of the best players of the decade for the 2000s – he was not heavily recruited by major college football programs.
College career.
Belcher attended the University of Maine, a Division I FCS school, and played on its Black Bears football team. Playing as an outside linebacker, he was fourth on the team in tackles in his first two seasons, registering 58 as a freshman in 2005 and 52 as a sophomore in 2006.
Belcher had a standout season as a junior after he was switched from linebacker to defensive end. The "Associated Press" named him a second-team All-American, while "Sports Network" named him a third-team All-American. He led Maine's collegiate conference, the Colonial Athletic Association (CAA), with 10 sacks and 17 tackles for a loss. His sacks total was seventh-highest in the nation.
Belcher was named a second-team preseason All-American by Lindy's Publications before his senior season in 2008, when he also served as a team co-captain. He led the CAA again with 17.5 tackles for losses. He also had 7.5 sacks and was the association's defensive player of the year. After the season, Belcher was named by the American Football Coaches Association and the Walter Camp Foundation as a first-team All-American in the Football Championship Subdivision, a grouping of smaller schools in the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I. He was the fourth multiple-time All-American in Black Bears history, following John Huard, Aaron Dashiell and Stephen Cooper.
Belcher, who was a strong student in high school and college, graduated from Maine with a degree in child development and family relations. "He always did his work, sat right up front," Ritacco, Belcher's high school coach and 10th-grade biology teacher, said later. After graduating from college, he won an Academic Momentum Award from the National Consortium for Academics and Sports' Scholar-Baller Program.
Professional career.
2009 NFL Draft.
Prior to the 2009 NFL Draft, Belcher was considered one of the best small-school prospects and was expected to move to outside linebacker in the NFL. He was projected by "Sports Illustrated" as a sixth-round draft pick.
Kansas City Chiefs.
After going undrafted, Belcher signed a free agent contract with the Chiefs in March 2009. At 228 pounds, he was considered small for an inside linebacker, but made three starts as a rookie and played in all of the team's games. He had 33 tackles and two assists as Kansas City finished with a 4–12 win-loss record for last place in the AFC West division. Belcher became a regular starter in the 2010 season, registering 53 tackles and 31 assists. The Chiefs finished with a 10–6 record and reached the playoffs. Kansas City lost 30–7 to the Baltimore Ravens in the wildcard round; Belcher had one and a half sacks and nine tackles in the game.
Belcher continued as a starter in the 2011 NFL season, recording 61 tackles and 26 assists. Kansas City finished last in the AFC West with a 7–9 record, and head coach Todd Haley was replaced by defensive coordinator Romeo Crennel with three games remaining in the season. Belcher was involved in community activities in Kansas City in 2011, visiting a nearby military base and a local elementary school to promote an NFL program for children. He also traveled back to West Babylon every year and gave motivational speeches to students.
The Chiefs re-signed Belcher in March 2012 to a one-year contract worth around $1.9 million. Prior to his death, Belcher played in 11 games during the 2012 season, including 10 starts. He had 33 tackles and five assists as the Chiefs started with a 1–10 record.
Death.
By late 2012, Belcher was living with his girlfriend Kasandra Perkins and their three-month-old baby Zoey at 5401 Crysler Avenue in Kansas City. Belcher and Perkins had been introduced through Chiefs running back Jamaal Charles, whose wife was a first cousin of Perkins. Perkins had also done volunteer work in the community and with the Chiefs as part of its Women's Organization, a group of players' wives and significant others who do charity work and run awareness campaigns. Friends said the couple argued frequently, including after Perkins returned at 1 a.m. from a Trey Songz concert at the Midland Theatre on the night of November 30. After the argument, Perkins went to the Power and Light District, an entertainment area by the Midland and Sprint Center in downtown Kansas City. Belcher was also in the Power and Light District with a different woman. After losing the woman in the crowd, Belcher drove to her apartment, but she was not home. Police found him there at 2:50 a.m. after receiving a 911 call about a suspicious person in a car parked on Armour Boulevard. He told police he was waiting for his girlfriend and forgot the code to her apartment. The police discussed the temporary tags on the car and urged him to go inside the building, saying they were "trying to cut a break here." Belcher did not smell of alcohol and was not slurring his words, police said. He was later buzzed into the building by neighbors and allowed to stay the night.
Belcher returned home between 6:30 and 7 a.m., argued again with Perkins and shot and killed her in front of his mother, Cheryl Shepherd. Police arrived at the house at around 7:50 a.m. following a call from Shepherd, who had recently moved there from West Babylon, New York to help the couple care for Zoey. The baby was heard crying in the background when Belcher's mother called. Perkins, who was 22, had been shot a total of 9 times in the neck, chest, abdomen, hip, back, leg and hand.
After killing Perkins, Belcher drove his Bentley about five miles to a parking lot at the Chiefs' practice facility next to Arrowhead Stadium. He stepped out of the car with a gun to his head when he encountered Chiefs general manager Scott Pioli. Belcher told Pioli he killed his girlfriend and thanked him before asking for him (Scott Pioli) and Chiefs owner Clark Hunt to take care of his daughter. Pioli tried to persuade Belcher to drop the gun. Then Chiefs Head Coach Romeo Crennel and linebackers coach Gary Gibbs arrived and joined the effort. Police had been dispatched to the scene at 8:01 a.m. As the sound of sirens approached, Belcher told the men he had to kill himself and "can’t be here”. He knelt down by a car, made a sign of the cross and shot himself in the head. A photograph from the scene showed Perkins' blood smeared over the chrome gearshift of Belcher's black 2007 Bentley Continental GT as well as broken glass on the dashboard.
On January 14, 2013, the Jackson County Medical Examiner's office released autopsy reports showing Belcher had 170 mg/dL of alcohol in his system, double the legal limit in Missouri.
Aftermath.
The killings orphaned Belcher and Perkins' daughter, who was born on September 11. Chiefs players planned a fund to support the girl, who was placed in the temporary custody of Belcher's mother. Shepherd planned to take Zoey with her back to West Babylon. The "New York Post" reported Shepherd told investigators that Belcher had doubts that he was the biological father of Zoey.
The Chiefs had a 1–10 record at the time of the shootings, the worst in the NFL. No Chiefs team had ever won just one game in a season, and fans had formed the "Save Our Chiefs" organization. They wore black to games to protest and hired an airplane to fly over Arrowhead Stadium on game days towing a banner that read, "Restore Hope: Fire Pioli." The Chiefs had a game scheduled at Arrowhead against the also-struggling Carolina Panthers the day after the murder-suicide. The game went on as scheduled following discussions between the NFL, Crennel and the Chiefs' team captains. No aircraft carrying the Pioli banners flew overhead and no formal mention was made of the shooting at the game, although there was a moment of silence for "victims of domestic violence and their families". The Chiefs defeated the Panthers 27-21.
Memorial service/burial.
A service for Belcher was held on December 5 at Landmark International Deliverance and Worship Center just southwest of Arrowhead Stadium. The Chiefs' practice was scheduled around the event. Pioli and one of Belcher's uncles spoke at the closed service. A funeral for Perkins took place the following day at the Ridgeview Family Fellowship in Blue Ridge, Texas. Another service was held December 8 in Austin, Texas where her father lives; Perkins was buried in Pflugerville, Texas. Clark Hunt attended the service. Perkins was born in McKinney, Texas, attended elementary and middle school in the Dallas suburb of Garland and graduated from Anderson High School in Austin in 2009.
Police said the handgun Belcher shot his girlfriend with was different from the one he used to kill himself. Both were legally registered, but he did not have a permit to carry a concealed weapon. Belcher had other guns at his house. The day after the shooting, NBC broadcaster Bob Costas said during a segment of Sunday Night Football that "in the coming days, Jovan Belcher's actions and their possible connection to football will be analyzed. Who knows? But here, wrote Jason Whitlock, is what I believe. If Jovan Belcher didn't possess a gun, he and Kasandra Perkins would both be alive today." The comments prompted criticism and support from both sides of the gun control issue. Five other current or former NFL players have killed themselves since 2011: Dave Duerson, Ray Easterling, Junior Seau, Kurt Crain and O.J. Murdock. All the players died of self-inflicted gunshot wounds.
The Chiefs lost the December 9 game against the Cleveland Browns 30-7 and lost the remaining games of the season with the team ending the season 2-14 -- the worst in the NFL. Pioli and Crennel were both fired by the Chiefs organization on January 4, 2013 and December 31, 2012 respectively.
Belcher was buried on December 12 in the North Baylon Cemetery in North Babylon, New York following an open casket funeral at the Upper Room Christian Church in Dix Hills, New York. The hearse passed his childhood home in West Babylon en route to the cemetery.
Child custody.
Under the surviving-child benefit of the NFL’s collective-bargaining agreement, Zoey is to receive $108,000 per year through 2016; $48,000 annually in 2017; and $52,000 annually until at least 2030 (or 2035 if she attends college). In addition she would receive $600,000 in life insurance, a $100,000 retirement account and $200,000 for each season Belcher played (4 seasons).
Belcher's mother reported that he had questioned the paternity of Zoey before the shooting. Kansas City police said they would not investigate the claim and that it would have to be a civil matter.
By January 2013, Zoey was with her maternal grandparents in Texas. Zoey had gone to Texas for her mother's funeral and the maternal relatives did not permit her to be returned to Belcher's mother. Rebecca Anne Gonzalez and Darryl Perkins, Zoey's maternal grandparents, filed a motion for temporary guardianship and that her residence be established in Tarrant County, Texas. Zoey's paternal grandmother filed in Jackson County, Missouri a petition to be Zoey's guardian and the conservator of her estate. On January 17, 2013 the judges in Missouri and Texas agreed that the case will be handled in Missouri.
In June 2013, a judge awarded Sophie Perkins, a cousin of Kasandra Perkins, sole custody of Zoey. Sophie plans to raise the child in Pflugerville, Texas. Jovan's mother argued that there should be joint custody of the child. Both sides agree that a third party would oversee the child's inheritance.
Wrongful death suit.
In December 2013 his body was exhumed from the North Babylon cemetery at the request of his family to conduct tests on whether he was suffering from chronic traumatic encephalopathy. On December 31, 2013, Belcher's mother filed a wrongful death suit in Missouri state court against her son's former team, the Kansas City Chiefs. 
The suit claims "In the months leading up to Decedent's death, Defendant was aware of Decedent's symptoms and signs of cognitive and neuropsychiatric impairment. Defendant micromanaged virtually every aspect of Decedent's life when it came to his physical abilities to perform in the workplace, including analyzing his diet, speed, strength and body-mass index. Yet when it came to monitoring Decedent's mental health and neurological capacities, Defendant disregarded evidence of impairments and fostered an environment where Decedent was required to play through his injuries and become exposed to further neurological harm."

</doc>
<doc id="20775095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775095" title="Thibaut Bourgeois">
Thibaut Bourgeois

Thibault Bourgeois (born 5 January 1990) is a French football player who currently plays for French club FC Martigues in Championnat National on loan from FC Metz. He plays as a striker and is registered by the Ligue de Football Professionnel as Thibaut Bourgeois.
Football career.
Bourgeois started his career with FC Pierrevillers before moving to hometown club Metz at age 12. He graduated from the club's academy in 2007. Bourgeois signed his first professional contract with Metz on 21 May 2007 keeping him with the club until 2010. He didn't play the next season during Metz's run in Ligue 1, in which they were quickly relegated back to Ligue 2. Bourgeois finally made his debut on 19 December 2008 in a Ligue 2 match against Troyes coming on as a substitute in the 57th minute. With Metz trailing 3–0, Bourgeois provided some hope for Metz supporters as he scored his first professional goal on his debut in the 71st minute. Metz lost the match 3–1.
International career.
Bourgeois is a French youth international. He has played on the under-17 team team and was a part of the squad that played in the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup in South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="20775117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775117" title="Black Friday (partying)">
Black Friday (partying)

Black Friday is the last Friday before Christmas.
In the United Kingdom, Black Friday is traditionally the most popular night for office Christmas parties. As a result it has gained a reputation as one of the busiest nights of the year for restaurants, public houses, and, as a result, the emergency services.
In Cumbria and the north east of England, Black Friday is known as Black Eye Friday, due to extremely high number of fights that break out in bars, pubs and clubs in the area. In South Yorkshire Black Friday is also called "Mad Friday". 

</doc>
<doc id="20775154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775154" title="Tamburlaine Must Die">
Tamburlaine Must Die

Tamburlaine Must Die is a novella written by Louise Welsh, which imagines the last days of Christopher Marlowe's life in 1593. The novella was published in 2004 by Canongate Books. The novella has received both praise and criticism, called a "gothic thriller" and "existential puzzle piece". On the negative side, one reviewer felt the "narrative fails to convey adequately the sense of trepidation and urgency that one would expect from such a desperate man" and Alan Wall in "The Guardian" called it "buccaneering tosh".
Plot.
This novella is set in a plague-ridden London in 1593. Someone calling himself "Tamburlaine", the name of the hero in one of Marlowe's most famous plays, has written a libelous and heretical pamphlet in a style of writing similar to Marlowe's. Marlowe is called before the Privy Council which accuses him of writing the pamphlet; however, he protests his innocence. Marlowe is sentenced to death for this blasphemous writing and only has three days to figure out who really wrote the pamphlet and track that individual down. Marlowe becomes entangled in a web of intrigue, plots and counterplots before his eventual murder.
Factual basis.
The novella is based on the last days of Marlowe's life. An individual writing under the name Tamburlaine published a bill about London threatening Protestant refugees who had settled in the city. The author wrote in the same style and alluded to Marlowe several times. A few short days later, Marlowe was murdered by an acquaintance after arguing over a bill. To this day, there is still controversy regarding the reasons for and circumstances of Marlowe's death.
The title of the novella was taken from the last words spoken by Tamburlaine in Marlowe's play "Tamburlaine the Great": "Tamburlaine, the scourge of God, must die."
Play adaptation.
Fittingly for a novella based on a famous playwright, the book was adapted for the stage by Kenny Miller in 2007. Miller also transformed and directed Welsh's first novel, "The Cutting Room", into a stage production. The play was produced by Glasgay! and Tron Theatre in Glasgow.

</doc>
<doc id="20775161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775161" title="Giacomo David">
Giacomo David

Giacomo David (born Giacomo Davide, Presezzo, 1750 – Bergamo, 1830), was a leading Italian tenor of the late 18th and early 19th centuries.
Biography.
Probably self-taught as a singer, he studied composition in Naples with Nicola Sala, and began his career in the early 1770s appearing on the stages of major Italian theatres such as the Teatro Regio in Turin, the Teatro San Carlo in Naples, and the Teatro San Benedetto in Venice. Here he participated in the inauguration of the newly erected theatre La Fenice, in 1792, performing the role of "Eraclide" in Paisiello's "I giochi di Agrigento". After having made his debut at Milan's Teatro alla Scala in 1782, he became a regular performer there at the beginning of the new century.
In 1791 Davide travelled to London, where the "-e" in his surname seems to have been dropped, and where he appeared at the King's Theatre as the protagonist of Paisiello's "Pirro", one of his favourite roles. On 17 May 1791, he took part in a charity concert in the Hannover Square Rooms, where he executed the tenor aria ""Cara deh torna"", specially composed for the occasion by Joseph Haydn.
In 1801, he took part in the inauguration of Trieste's Regio Teatro Nuovo, performing two premières on 20 and 21 April: Antonio Salieri's "Annibale in Capua" ("Scipione") and Simon Mayr's "Ginevra di Scozia" ("Polinesso").
His career was very long, continuing into the early twenty years of the 19th century, with a repertoire based upon such composers as Paisiello, Mayr, Ferdinando Bertoni, Domenico Cimarosa, Pietro Alessandro Guglielmi, Giuseppe Sarti, Niccolò Antonio Zingarelli, and Francesco Bianchi. In many operas he worked alongside the castrati Girolamo Crescentini and Gaspare Pacchierotti, and the soprano Brigida Banti, who shared common artistic trends with him.
In France, where he appeared opposite Isabella Colbran in "Otello", David came to be known as "Giacomo le père" ("Giacomo the father"), because his son Giovanni David was also pursuing a successful career in opera.
David can be considered as the initiator of the Bergamo tenor school which was going to produce such notable singers as Andrea Nozzari and Giacomo's aforesaid son, Giovanni (who were also actual pupils of his), Domenico Donzelli, Giovanni Battista Rubini, and Marco Bordogni.
David died in 1830.
Artistic features.
Giacomo David represents the typical baritonal tenor of the late 18th century, gifted with remarkable voice volume, but not lacking in high-pitching capability, though singing sharp notes in falsettone. He had mastery of coloratura for which he was famous: "he was able to compete with the castratos in the florid music and far exceed them in his dramatic intensity", and, by 1786 he was the first tenor in the history of Turin's Teatro Regio that was paid more than the "primo uomo" during the carnival season. "Here was a sign that, with the castrati in decline, the tenor voice was beginning to engage the audience's interest as more than the stereotype utterance of kings and old men ...". In fact, David's popularity was enormous and, along with his contemporaries, Matteo Babini and Giovanni Ansani, he contributed "lay the foundation of the forthcoming myth of the tenor" which would be established during the Romantic era.
Operatic roles.
The list below is not exhaustive, but includes his most significant performances.

</doc>
<doc id="20775180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775180" title="United States House of Representatives election in Alaska, 2010">
United States House of Representatives election in Alaska, 2010

The 2010 congressional election in Alaska was held on November 2, 2010 to determine who will represent the state of Alaska in the United States House of Representatives. Alaska has one seat in the House, apportioned according to the 2000 United States Census. 
Background.
Alaska's At-large congressional district has covered the entire state since it was established in 1959. The state has been represented in the U.S. House by Republican Don Young since winning a special election in 1973. Due to recent controversies, Young was almost defeated in the 2008 primary by Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell. In the general election, polling showed Democratic nominee Ethan Berkowitz leading Young up to the election. However, Young won by a margin of 16,000 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="20775183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775183" title="Maryland Exiles">
Maryland Exiles

The Maryland Exiles is an American rugby union team in Bethesda, Maryland that competes as a member of Division I, Mid-Atlantic Rugby Football Union (MARFU) under the USA Rugby governing body. The team fields both a standard 15-man squad and seven-a-side squad. The team has competed abroad in England, Sri Lanka, and the Cayman Islands. The Maryland Exiles have been featured in the "Washington Post", "The Virginian-Pilot", "International Rugby News", and on the cover of "Rugby Magazine".
The Exiles were formed in 1993 by the amalgamation of three local area clubs: the Maryland Old Boys, Montgomery County Rugby Club, and the Old Red Rugby Club. The fifteens squad placed third in the Aspen Ruggerfest, the United States' premier fifteen-man tournament, in 1996. In 1996, 1997, and 2007, the Exiles advanced to the Sweet Sixteen round of the National Club Championship. In United States' National Club Sevens Championship, the Exiles have placed second (1994 and 2002) and third (2003, 2005, and 2006). The Maryland Old Boys, from which the Exiles were partially formed, won the National Club Sevens in 1989, placed third in 1991 and 1992, and placed third in 1988 and 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20775191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775191" title="Spelunker HD">
Spelunker HD

Spelunker HD, known in Japan as , is a PlayStation 3 downloadable game developed by Irem Software Engineering and published by Irem Software Engineering and Tozai Games. It is a remake of the 1985 NES port of Irem's arcade version of Tim Martin's "Spelunker" and it was available on the PlayStation Network's Store. While in terms of gameplay the game does not differ greatly from the original, it adds HD graphics, although the NES version can still be played, as well as 100 all-new levels over 10 different locations.
It was first announced on TGS 2008. It was released in Japan on March 26, 2009, the rest of Asia on July 28, 2009, in North America on November 23, 2010, and in Europe on August 10, 2011.
PlayStation Home.
Irem has released a PlayStation Home themed space based on the remake, "Minna de Spelunker", in the Japanese version of PlayStation Home on March 19, 2009 and the Asian version on July 23, 2009. This space is called the "Gathering Place for Spelunkers" and includes a Message Board, a video screen, seating for the avatars, a Stone Monument which is a credits reel of the developers, eight artifact displays, three in-lounge avatars that tell the users something (Weedy Spelunker?, Wise Boy, & Muttering Old Man), and a full game launching support feature accessed by the Stone Statues of the Moon & Sun or the Stone Statues of the Wind & Rain. There are also dancing purple ghost that come out at certain times. There is also an expansion to the space, called "The Bat-infested Abandoned Mine Cave", that takes users deeper into the cave of the Gathering Place for Spelunkers. Here they can play Flashbang Launcher where they collect the Flashband, the Underground Key (Red), and the Dynamite without getting hit by bat guano, then they play Rocks that can be destroyed by dynamite and blow up rocks with the dynamite collected, then they play Minecarts and ride a cart to a place where they get chased by a boulder to a room. In the room there is a shop with "Minna de Spelunker" related items. There is also a door called The door to the 2nd level underground? which when accessing, gives the users a prize, but cannot be opened until a later time.
The game of "Minna de Spelunker" supports Home rewards such as a spelunker costume for the users avatars.

</doc>
<doc id="20775216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775216" title="Alaska gubernatorial election, 2010">
Alaska gubernatorial election, 2010

The 2010 Alaska gubernatorial election took place on November 2, 2010. Former Governor Sarah Palin did not run, having resigned in July 2009. Incumbent Governor Sean Parnell, who as lieutenant governor succeeded Palin following her resignation, announced that he would seek a full term. 
Following the primary election on Tuesday, August 24, 2010, the Democratic ticket consists of Ethan Berkowitz and Diane E. Benson running against Republican Parnell and his running mate, Mead Treadwell.
In the general election Parnell/Treadwell defeated Berkowitz/Benson by a wide margin. Parnell received over 59% of the vote, which is the highest percentage for any Alaska gubernatorial candidate in history.
General election.
Candidates.
Fundraising.
Campaign activity disclosure reports are filed with the Alaska Public Offices Commission. For the period ending February 1, 2010, the candidates and others subject to filing have reported the following to APOC:
Lieutenant Governor's race.
Background.
In Alaska, the lieutenant governor runs separately from the governor in the primary election. The respective party nominees for each office are then joined together as a party ticket in the general election. On occasion, a minor party will nominate a candidate for governor, but without a running mate.

</doc>
<doc id="20775220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775220" title="Bowlus Mill House">
Bowlus Mill House

The Bowlus Mill House is a historic home and farm complex, located at Spoolsville, Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It consists of the house built of narrow courses of flat cut stones, a frame bank barn on a stone foundation, and a small frame shed. The -story house with an exposed basement was built about 1800, and reflects the Germanic influence typical of the region in the period.
The Bowlus Mill House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20775223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775223" title="Presidio San Ignacio de Tubac">
Presidio San Ignacio de Tubac

The Presidio of San Ignacio de Túbac or Fort Tubac was a Spanish built fortress. The fortification was established by the Spanish Army in 1753 at the site of present-day Tubac, Arizona. 
History.
Spanish Period.
The presidio housed a garrison of about fifty cavalry and or infantry soldiers and was intended to protect Spanish settlements and missions in the valley of the Santa Cruz River. In 1766, the garrison had 51 officers and men, and a settlement of forty families had grown up around the post. In 1774, Tubac's commander, Captain Juan Bautista de Anza, explored a land route from the Santa Cruz Valley to the Presidio of San Diego, California. 
A reorganization of frontier defenses in 1775 resulted in the transfer of the garrison. The force under Lieutenant Juan Fernandez Carmona was enlarged to fifty-six officers and men and received orders to proceed forty miles north to a site within present-day downtown Tucson, Arizona. There they constructed the Presidio San Augustin del Tucson in 1775 under the orders of Captain Hugh O'Conor. Eventually a new garrison formed in the Tubac presidio, which campaigned against the Apaches for decades until the Mexican War of Independence.
In 1775 and 1776, de Anza escorted 240 colonists from Horcasitas, Sonora, to Monterey, California, and then to San Francisco Bay, where he selected sites for the mission, presidio and settlement. By the early years of the 19th century, Tubac's garrison continued to protect the area from raids by Apache Indians. In 1804, the post had two officers, two sergeants and eighty-four men. There were also eight families of Spanish settlers and 20 Indian families living within the presidio land allotment of five square miles. The garrison community had 1,000 head of cattle, 5,000 sheep, 600 horses, 200 mules, and 15 burros and 300 goats, and had an annual harvest of 1,000 bushels of wheat and 600 bushels of corn.
Mexican Period.
Following the independence of Mexico from Spain in 1821, the presidio was abandoned and the settlement was in ruins when settlers from the United States reached the Santa Cruz Valley in the late 1840s, no official garrison manned the fortress and it remained abandoned along with the settlement for most of the Mexican period. For a short while in 1846 during the Mexican-American War, Tubac was home to a large company of Mexican troops, over 200 men. The Mexicans had retreated from Fort Tucson just before the American Mormon Battalion captured it. After the war Tubac was abandoned until Americans traveling for the California Gold Rush decided to settle there instead.
American Period.
Tubac officially became an American settlement in 1853 after the Gadsden Purchase. At this time Tubac was home to several dozen people and was a company town for the mining company of Charles D. Poston. The post was manned by a small team of militia and was attacked repeatedly by Apaches in the eighteenth century. The last attack was the Siege of Tubac in 1861. American militia and civilians were besieged in the fort until rescued by the Confederate States militia under Captain Granville H. Oury of Fort Tucson. Tubac was abandoned again after the siege but reoccupied by the United States Army during and after the American Civil War for several years.
The main two original presidio buildings remained intact after the turn to the 20th century and are now tourist attractions. The presidio of Tubac was resettled in the 1880s and by the 1886 surrender of Geronimo, the Apache were no longer a threat to settlers in that part of Arizona. The fort was from that point not of military value in terms of strategic location.
References.
The information in this summary was taken from 

</doc>
<doc id="20775275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775275" title="Jornada">
Jornada

Jornada can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20775280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775280" title="OFK Bar">
OFK Bar

OFK Bar is a Montenegrin football club based in the town of Bar. They were founded in 2001 and play their home games at the Stadion Topolica. They currently compete in the Montenegrin Third League.

</doc>
<doc id="20775300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775300" title="Landesbank">
Landesbank

The Landesbanken in Germany are a group of Lander-owned banks of a type unique to Germany. They are regionally organised and their business is predominantly wholesale banking. They are also the head banking institution of the local and regional bases "Sparkassen" (= saving banks).

</doc>
<doc id="20775330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775330" title="William Foye">
William Foye

William Foye (November 1, 1716 – September 1, 1771) was a political figure in Nova Scotia. He was a member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1758 to 1759.
He was born in Boston, Massachusetts, the son of William Foye, who served as treasurer and receiver-general of Massachusetts, and Elizabeth Campbell. Foye was educated at Harvard College. He served as lieutenant in the expedition against Cartagena. Foye came to Halifax with Edward Cornwallis in 1749. He served as Provost Marshall for the province from 1749 until his death and was lieutenant-colonel in the Halifax militia. He died in Halifax at the age of 54.

</doc>
<doc id="20775333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775333" title="Lev Voronin (handballer)">
Lev Voronin (handballer)

Lev Gennadiyevich Voronin (, born 8 June 1971) is a Russian team handball player and Olympic champion from 2000 in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="20775336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775336" title="John Eyler Farmstead">
John Eyler Farmstead

The John Eyler Farmstead is a historic home and farm complex located at Thurmont, Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It includes a two-story, side-passage Flemish bond brick farmhouse with a rear wing built about 1820, a stone springhouse ruin, and a brick silo.
The John Eyler Farmstead was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20775375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775375" title="Stress Relief">
Stress Relief

"Stress Relief" is a two-part episode of the American comedy television series "The Office". They constituted the fourteenth and fifteenth episode of the fifth season, and the 86th and 87th overall episodes of the series. Both episodes were directed by Jeffrey Blitz and written by Paul Lieberstein, who also plays Toby Flenderson on the show.
In this episode, Dwight stages a fire in the office to test the office's fire safety skills, but things go from bad to worse when Stanley suffers a heart attack, causing Michael to come up with ways to relieve stress in the office, including a comedic roast of himself. Meanwhile, Andy, Jim, and Pam watch an illegally downloaded movie at work starring Jack Black, Jessica Alba and Cloris Leachman, and Pam deals with her parent's recent argument that causes her father to move in with her and Jim.
Both parts of "Stress Relief" originally aired together immediately following the broadcast of Super Bowl XLIII, and "The Office" writers and producers sought to attract newcomers to the series with the expected increase in viewership. Guest stars Black, Alba and Leachman do not interact with the regular characters themselves, but rather appear in a film within the episode. "The Office" creator Greg Daniels said this was done to keep the episode more grounded in reality.
The episode received generally positive reviews, with "Time" magazine declaring it the best overall television episode of any series in 2009. Many commentators particularly praised the chaotic cold open scene, in which Dwight panics his co-workers with a simulated fire as part of a twisted safety demonstration. Because of its proximity to the Super Bowl, "Stress Relief" is the most viewed episode of "The Office" with 22.9 million viewers according to Nielsen Media Research during its original broadcast. It won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series, and received another nomination for Outstanding Single-Camera Picture Editing for a Comedy Series.
Plot.
Part one.
Annoyed that none of his co-workers have paid attention to his previous fire safety seminars, Dwight (Rainn Wilson) tries another approach by sealing the office exits shut, cutting the phone lines and starting a fire in a trash can. Dwight calmly explains the proper safety procedures as the panicked employees try to flee, smashing windows, crawling through air ducts and destroying office equipment. Angela produces a secret cat from a filing drawer and attempts to save its life by throwing it through the ceiling—a ploy that fails instantly. Dwight eventually reveals it was just a drill, but Stanley (Leslie David Baker) suffers a heart attack and collapses in the commotion. Dwight is subsequently censured by Dunder Mifflin CFO David Wallace (Andy Buckley), and Michael (Steve Carell) strips him of his position as safety officer. After Stanley is released from the hospital, his doctors warn him to keep his stress levels under control to avoid further damaging his health. Michael arranges for a CPR training session for the employees, but they are too easily distracted and the lesson proves fruitless. The session ends badly when Dwight destroys the expensive CPR dummy, earning another rebuke from David Wallace. Dwight is ordered to apologize to his co-workers and get signatures acknowledging that they forgive him, but they refuse to sign.
With tensions running high in the office, Michael tries to calm his workers down with yoga and meditation sessions. However, Michael soon realizes "he" is actually the source of his employees' stress when Stanley’s stress reader beeps uncontrollably whenever Michael is nearby. Michael hands the stress reader to Oscar (Oscar Nunez) and is horrified when the same result occurs. Meanwhile, Pam’s (Jenna Fischer) parents are going through a rough patch in their marriage, and Pam’s father is staying with her and Jim (John Krasinski). Jim attempts to cheer Pam up by watching a pirated movie with Andy (Ed Helms) (they do not know how to access such films while Andy does, so they view having to watch the movie in Andy's annoying company as the way that "the punishment fits the crime"). The film stars actor Jack Black, who is engaged to a character played by Jessica Alba, but falls in love with her elderly grandmother, played by Cloris Leachman. During the movie, Jim and Pam discuss the situation with Pam’s parents. Andy believes their insightful comments are directed at the characters in the film, leading him to conclude they are "movie geniuses" finding hidden depths in the film.
Part two.
Michael decides the workers are stressed because they are reluctant to express their feelings, so he organizes a comedic roast of himself in the warehouse. Dwight tricks most of the employees into signing his apology letter by pretending it is a sign-in sheet, but Phyllis (Phyllis Smith) catches on and refuses to sign it. Each of the office and warehouse workers gleefully take jabs at Michael, who initially seems to enjoy the jokes, but grows increasingly uncomfortable and offended. When it comes time for him to roast his employees, Michael ends up storming out of the warehouse, visibly upset. After the roast, Michael takes a personal day (much to the concern of his employees, who started to feel bad about the scathing jokes towards Michael) and spends time at a playground to reflect, feeding pigeons by tossing whole slices of bread on the ground, despite the lack of birds in the winter weather. Dwight tricks Phyllis into signing his apology letter by making her sign for a fake package. Michael returns to the office, where he roasts each of his co-workers with one-liners. Stanley laughs heartily when Michael roasts him, breaking the tension. Michael tells his employees that they are the reason he got into the paper business, and they applaud him.
Pam asks Jim to talk to her father and convince him to work things out with her mother. But shortly after they talk, Pam learns her father has sought a separation and will be looking for his own apartment. Pam initially believes it is because of something Jim said to her father, making her worry that she and Jim might one day experience the same problems. This creates tension between the two, and Jim feels terrible for his apparent role in breaking up her parents. Pam confronts her father about why he left her mother, while Jim looks on through the window. Pam returns to the office and tells Jim her father left because Jim told him how much he loves Pam, and that he has never doubted that he wanted to be with her for the rest of his life. Pam says that her father realized that he had never felt that way about her mother. Pam comes to terms with the separation and tearfully embraces Jim. Later, she expresses confidence that the two are true soul mates. Andy overhears her comments about her real life scenario, still thinks she is talking about the film they watched, and inadequately tries to provide equally intelligent "insights" to match up to Pam's.
In the final scene of the episode, the ending of the illegally downloaded movie is revealed—Jack Black visits Cloris Leachman with flowers and a new walker, only to discover her affair with another young man and he walks away heartbroken.
Production.
"Stress Relief" was directed by Jeffrey Blitz and written by Paul Lieberstein, who also plays Toby Flenderson on the show. The episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on February 1, 2009, immediately after the broadcast of Super Bowl XLIII. NBC decided to air "The Office" after the Super Bowl, rather than another show, due to positive feedback the series received from short promo commercials it aired during the 2008 Summer Olympics. Some criticized the decision to place an episode of "The Office", an already established NBC series, after the Super Bowl instead of a new show, and suggested it meant the network lacked any exceptional new material.
In writing the episode, Lieberstein said he sought to appeal to newcomers to the series and attract them to the show, without alienating regular "The Office" watchers: "We wanted to do a stand-alone comedy episode that could bring people in." Lieberstein said the script drew less attention to long-standing story arcs, which new viewers would not understand. Lieberstein said, "It almost had an air of a pilot in a way, where we had to reintroduce everything. We wanted it to be extremely funny and extremely funny up front." "The Office" creator Greg Daniels said he felt the episode had to focus on physical comedy and easily accessible set pieces. Daniels said, "I looked at all the shows that followed the Super Bowl in years past and I feel that a comedy would be a good choice in the current climate. People want to laugh so we're trying our best to supply some laughs." Actor Rainn Wilson said of the episode, "It's a great opportunity for people to revisit the world of "The Office" and hopefully get into our style of comedy."
The two parts of "Stress Relief" ran an hour long (including commercials), compared to the typical half-hour length of most "The Office" episodes. Since the end of the second season, the series had begun occasionally showing longer episodes (which they dubbed "super-sized") on special occasions. Unlike other episodes of "The Office", "Stress Relief" included an extended main title sequence that included the names and images of the entire supporting cast of the series, in order to afford them recognition in anticipation of the high post-Super Bowl viewership. The opening scene, in which the characters frantically scramble to escape the Dunder Mifflin office due to what they believe is a fire, took about a day-and-a-half to shoot. It took much longer than the average 45 minutes of shooting time for a scene of that length due to the amount of stunt work involved. Due to the pressure of following the Super Bowl, actress Jenna Fischer said, "I don't think we've ever worked so hard on an episode in the history of our show." "The Office" actor and writer B.J. Novak, who did not appear in "Stress Relief", said of the episode, "It's awesome. After this airs, people are going to refer to the Super Bowl as the Pre-"Office" Football Spectacular."
In anticipation of particularly high viewership due to the Super Bowl, NBC officials encouraged "The Office" producers to feature celebrity guest appearances in the episode. Jack Black, Jessica Alba and Cloris Leachman all made guest appearances in "Stress Relief" as a result. However, they do not interact with the cast and characters of "The Office", but rather appear separately in a bootleg film called "Mrs. Albert Hannaday", which the characters watch within the episode. Greg Daniels said this was done because it "helps keep the show grounded and less like "I Love Lucy"". Lieberstein also said the casting decision made sense because, "If we're just casting some salesman that comes into the office and it's Jack Black, it's hard to believe that." "Stress Relief" marked Black's fourth television appearance in five years: he previously appeared in the Fox sitcom "Cracking Up" in 2004, the Comedy Central series "The Naked Trucker and T-Bones Show" in 2004, and the Fox animated comedy series "The Simpsons" in 2007. Steve Carell said of Leachman's performance, "She is that extra seasoning. That extra spice to the pot that makes for a delicious comedy gumbo."
Cultural references.
Just before Dwight starts his fire simulation, he said his co-workers previously failed to listen because he made a presentation on the computer program Microsoft PowerPoint, of which he said, "PowerPoint is boring". Michael refers to Barack Obama, the first African American president of the United States, to Stanley while he is suffering a heart attack by shouting, "Stanley! Barack is president! You are black! Stanley!" A deleted scene further addresses Obama's election, with Michael praising the choice and Darryl, with Darryl half-jokingly telling the Caucasian office workers what will change for them (they no longer have to pretend to like jazz, and Morgan Freeman won't get any more acting work because "he's more for you guys"). Michael calls an employee from the Red Cross, an international humanitarian movement, to conduct a lesson about CPR. The instructor suggests they pump the heart to the tune of "Stayin' Alive", a disco song by the pop band, the Bee Gees, but Michael mixes the song up with I Will Survive . At the end of the lesson, Dwight cuts the face off the CPR dummy and places it on his face in the manner of Hannibal Lecter, a fictional cannibalistic serial killer who cut the face off a man and wore it as a mask in the 1991 thriller film, "The Silence of the Lambs". Watching "Mrs. Albert Hannaday", Andy says the Cloris Leachman character was originally supposed to be played by the much younger actress, Nicole Kidman, and the last-minute replacement prompted a minor overhaul in the film's script. The songs "You Make My Dreams Come True" by Hall and Oates, "All Out of Love" by the soft rock duo Air Supply, "Have a Little Faith in Me" by singer-songwriter John Hiatt, and "Lady" by Little River Band play during scenes in "Mrs. Albert Hannaday".
Michael describes the roast as an event in the style of televised comedy specials that air on the cable network, Comedy Central. In describing the upcoming roast, Michael says he plans to call YouTube, an online video sharing website, to record the event. During the roast, Pam says Michael's penis is so small, "If it were an iPod, it would be a Shuffle", a reference to the smallest of the Apple Inc. portable media player brands. Kelly said she would rather kiss Lord Voldemort, the hideous antagonist of the "Harry Potter" novels and films, than Michael. Andy sings a song about Michael, "What I Hate About You", to the tune of the rock song by The Romantics, "What I Like About You". Angela makes a joke, "If you put sunblock on a window, you might be Michael Scott", which is modeled after the "you might be a redneck" one-liner jokes by comedian Jeff Foxworthy. While roasting his co-workers at the end of the episode, Michael says to Andy, "Cornell called and they think you suck", a reference to Cornell University, the Ithaca, New York college the Andy character attended.
Ratings.
In its original American broadcast on February 1, 2009, "Stress Relief" was viewed by 22.9 million viewers in 13.34 million homes, according to Nielsen Media Research, making it the most watched episode of "The Office" and the only episode to reach over 20 million viewers. The episode drew a 10.6 rating and 14.46 million viewers between the ages 18 and 49. It more than doubled the show's previously highest rating in the age group, and constituted the largest 18-49 rating for an NBC entertainment telecast in four-and-a-half years, since the tenth season finale of the medical drama series "ER" on May 13, 2004. An estimated 37.7 million viewers watched at least six minutes or more of "Stress Relief". As expected, "The Office" benefited highly from following the broadcast of Super Bowl XLIII, which was seen by 98.7 million average viewers, making it the most watched Super Bowl in history at the time.
Critical reception.
"Stress Relief" received generally positive reviews. "Time" magazine named it the best overall television episode of any series in 2009. "Stress Relief" was voted the third highest-rated episode out of 26 from the fifth season, according to an episode poll at the fansite "OfficeTally"; the episode was rated 8.89 out of 10. Stanley's heart attack in response to Dwight's fake fire drill ranked number 10 in "phillyBurbs.com"'s top ten moments from the fifth season of "The Office". Many critics particularly praised the opening scene, in which Dwight panics his co-workers by simulating a fire. The sequence included scenes such as Kevin looting a vending machine amid the chaos, Oscar's legs crashing through the ceiling as he tries to crawl out, Angela tossing her cat through an open ceiling tile only for it to fall through another tile, and Andy's reaction to a series of popping caps: "The fire is shooting at us!"
Alan Sepinwall, television columnist for "The Star-Ledger" called it a "balls to the wall, gut-busting, amazing "Office" episode", and called the fire opening scene "not only the best "Office" pre-credits sequence ever, but an all-time sitcom classic". Sepinwall said "Stress Relief" was accessible to newcomers and regular viewers, and displayed both the comedic and human sides of the characters. He said the only drawback of the episode was the "Mrs. Albert Hannaday" subplot, which he felt was an unnecessary gimmick added solely to accommodate the guest stars. "TV Guide" writer Shahzad Abbas wrote, "This was one of my favorite episodes ever. It had me laughing the whole way through." Abbas particularly praised the fire opening scene and the final scene in which Michael insults everybody, which he called "a very satisfying ending to the roast saga". He called the Black/Leachman romance "creepy and hilarious", but described the Jim and Pam romance subplot as the weak link of the episode.
David Krone of the "Los Angeles Daily News" said although he had mixed feelings about the fifth season so far, he found "Stress Relief" to be "one of the season's best efforts". Krone specifically praised the Jim and Pam subplot and Dwight's character, adding, "It's a pretty perfect way to unwind - or, if your team lost, to become reanimated - after the Super Bowl." Rick Ingebritson of "The Palm Beach Post" said the episode "was funny from start to finish", particularly praising Dwight Schrute's role and the Michael Scott roast. However, Ingebritson said he was disgusted by the Leachman nude scene from "Mrs. Albert Hannaday". Will Leitch of "New York" magazine, said the episode was funny, but "curiously unfocused two half-hour episodes awkwardly spliced together. He praised the Black/Leachman film, the trouble Dwight kept getting in, and the Jim and Pam subplot, which he called "a rare Pam-Jim plot point that worked". However, he called the Michael roast "yet another Michael-wanting-to-be-loved-and-still-be-the-Boss subplot that takes over the second half".
Not all reviews were positive. "Entertainment Weekly" writer Whitney Pastorek said the episode started strong with the fire scare scene, but "tapered off into a disjointed plot" that she felt would not win new viewers. She said many jokes went too long and lost momentum, but nevertheless wrote "a lot of the episode’s humor was engaging and smart". Lorenzo Perez of "The News & Observer" said the Pam subplot was "overworked" and lacked impact, and the Dwight character was over-the-top, proving "The Office" writers clearly have no idea how to rein in Dwight Schrute. Perez also expressed doubt the show would attract a new audience because it ran too late into the night following the Super Bowl. However, Perez said he enjoyed the Black/Leachman cameos. Terry Morrow of the "Knoxville News Sentinel" said, "This particular visit to "The Office" doesn't pop like most episodes". Morrow praised the Black/Leachman film, but said, "To be upstaged by a B-plot, one not involving the show's main characters at all, is a bit of a misdirection the show doesn't need in a post-Super Bowl time slot." "USA Today" critic Robert Bianco said the plot was extremely thin and the Black and Leachman cameos were humorless and grotesque. Bianco wrote, "Unfortunately, in an hour you get at most a handful of funny moments. So if you want funny from a comedy, look elsewhere."
Awards.
Jeffrey Blitz won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series for "Stress Relief". Dean Holland and David Rogers were also nominated for Outstanding Single-Camera Picture Editing for a Comedy Series. "Stress Relief" accounted for two of the ten Primetime Emmy Award nominations "The Office" received for the show's fifth season.

</doc>
<doc id="20775380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775380" title="Wax Lake">
Wax Lake

Wax Lake was a lake in St. Mary Parish, Louisiana that was converted into an outlet channel to divert water from the Atchafalaya River to the Gulf of Mexico.
Wax Lake outlet.
The Wax Lake outlet is an artificial channel that was created by the United States Army Corps of Engineers in 1942 to divert 30 percent of the flow from the Atchafalaya River to the Gulf of Mexico and reduce flood stages at Morgan City, Louisiana. The project design flood flow capacity for the outlet is .
Wax Lake Delta.
The Wax Lake Delta is a river delta in Louisiana that was formed by rapid deposition of sediment following the creation of a canal through Wax Lake off of the Atchafalaya River in 1942. It is located roughly 20 miles (32 km) southwest of Morgan City adjacent to the Atchafalaya delta.
It receives 34 million tons of sediment per year. In the 64 years between 1941 and 2005, Wax Lake was completely filled with sediment, and the delta prograded approximately 8 km into the sea.
Because it was entirely created during an observable time-period and, other than the creation of the canal, was not altered by humans, it has often been in studies of deltaic formation. In the time since Hurricane Katrina, it has also served and as a model for delta regrowth in the Mississippi River Delta region in order to restore habitat and protect against storm surge.

</doc>
<doc id="20775384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775384" title="The News (band)">
The News (band)

The News was a short-lived New Wave band formed in 1977, by Sam Smith (lead vocals, guitar), Graham Culpin (bass), Terry Farrelly(drums)
(previously with Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel), Richard James Burgess (of Landscape) (drums) and Michael Taylor (keyboards).
In the early days of 1978, the band signed a recording contract with GTO and, in the first weeks of the year, they recorded their first and only single, "Blue Thru", released on 3 March. Shortly afterwards, Alan Richards joined and played guitar, in the place of Smith, who concentrated on lead vocals.
In the summer, Culpin quit, being replaced by Mik Sweeney (previously with Neo). After that, the band did not record anything else and split up shortly afterwards. However, Smith (Sal Solo) and Sweeney reunited and founded Classix Nouveaux.
Later, Terry Farrelly worked with Led Zeppelin and Bad Company as a drum tech, before moving to Australia where he set up a chain of recording studios and discovered Silverchair and collaborated with Allison Moyet, Midge Ure, Joe Cocker, Kate Bush, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="20775388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775388" title="Warren French">
Warren French

Warren French (born 26 March 1963) is a New Zealand darts player. He lives in Ashburton and uses the nickname Frog for his matches.
Career.
French reached the final of the 2006 New Zealand Open, losing to former world champion Tony David. He played in the 2007 PDC World Darts Championship, losing 3–1 in the first round to James Wade. French won the 2008 New Zealand National Championship which earned him a place in the 2009 PDC World Darts Championship. He won his preliminary match against Japan's national champion Akihiro Nagakawa and was then trounced 3–0 by Dennis Priestley in the first round.
The match with Nagakawa is widely considered to be the worst match ever in the history of either the PDC or BDO World Championships, where both players averaged 54. The standard was so poor, that Sky Sports stopped broadcasting it halfway through.
French qualified for the 2012 PDC World Darts Championship. He played the Republic of Ireland's Connie Finnan in the preliminary round, and won 4–3 with an average of 85.88, a vast improvement on his 2009 performance. French played Mark Walsh in the first round and, although he won the first set, would go on to lose the match 1–3. French represented New Zealand with Preston Ridd in the 2012 PDC World Cup of Darts and together they were beaten 3–5 by Austria in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="20775399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775399" title="Sue (name)">
Sue (name)

Sue is a common short form of the following female given names:
It is rarely used as a man's name, a notable example being Sue K. Hicks (1895-1980), American jurist, who may have inspired the song "A Boy Named Sue".

</doc>
<doc id="20775435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775435" title="Order of precedence in the Catholic Church">
Order of precedence in the Catholic Church

The order of precedence in the Catholic Church is contingent upon the organization of the hierarchy, including both the Hierarchy of Order and the Hierarchy of Jurisdiction, as well as various honorary titles.
This article gives the order in force in 1911, as indicated in that volume of the Catholic Encyclopedia, with which is mixed in other material for which no evidence is provided. The order of precedence was actually not of the Catholic Church but really of the Papal Court. Nevertheless, it is generally followed throughout the Catholic Church. Cardinals and Nuncios have higher status not based on their ecclesiastical status but under international protocol as princes and ambassadors, respectively. For the same reason, the Grand Master of the Knights of Malta ranks immediately below the cardinals.
Order of precedence.
Prelates.
In this group, priority of ordination and promotion determines precedence, among bishops or archbishops the date of their first promotion to the episcopal or archiepiscopal dignity.
Clergy.
Secular clergy (according to the importance of their office or the date of their ordination )
Ministries.
At times called minor orders, the following are not clergy in the Catholic CHurch but nevertheless exercise approved ministry and offices.
Chapters.
Precedence with chapters:

</doc>
<doc id="20775455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775455" title="Igor Lavrov">
Igor Lavrov

Igor Viktorovich Lavrov (, born 4 June 1973) is a Russian team handball player and Olympic champion from 2000 in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="20775480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775480" title="Rainer von Fieandt">
Rainer von Fieandt

Berndt Rainer von Fieandt (December 26, 1890 – April 28, 1972) was a Finnish official without party affiliation who served as Prime Minister of Finland in 1957 to 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20775503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775503" title="Peter of P. Grossnickel Farm">
Peter of P. Grossnickel Farm

Peter of P. Grossnickel Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Myersville, Maryland, Frederick County. It consists of a mid-19th-century, Greek Revival farmhouse and 13 related buildings and structures. The house is a -story stone center-passage house on a limestone foundation, with a -story kitchen wing and walls. The house was built between 1840 and 1850. Also on the property is an 1881 tenant house with corresponding barn, spring house, and washhouse / privy; an 1884–1897 bank barn; a pre-1830 granary; a 19th-century wood shed; late-19th-century hog pen / chicken house; a pre-1830 beehive oven; a late-19th-century smokehouse; a spring house with a Late Victorian cottage addition; and early-20th-century concrete block milk house; and a log summer kitchen of unknown date. The Grossnickel family was a German American family who were instrumental in the establishment of the Grossnickel Church of the Brethren.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20775516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775516" title="Grade I listed buildings in Northamptonshire">
Grade I listed buildings in Northamptonshire

There are more than 6,000 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Northamptonshire, by local government district.
References.
English Heritage Images of England

</doc>
<doc id="20775628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775628" title="Edward F. Sherman">
Edward F. Sherman

Edward F. Sherman served as the 20th dean and is currently the W.R. Irby Chair in Law at the Tulane University Law School. He teaches Civil Procedure and Alternative Dispute Resolution. He was previously the Moise F. Steeg, Jr. Professor of Law at Tulane. He has taught at several other schools, including the University of Texas (for 19 years), Harvard Law School, Stanford Law School, and the University of London. Through the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) he helped Vietnam write a new code of civil procedure.
Education.
Sherman has five degrees. He earned is BA from Georgetown University, two MA degrees from the University of Texas at El Paso, and both an LLB and SJD from Harvard University.
Publications.
Sherman has authored or edited 19 books and has contributed chapters to 20 more. He has also authored over 50 articles, including two in the "Yale Law Journal". Some of his more widely know contributions are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="20775631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775631" title="Hildegarde Neil">
Hildegarde Neil

Hildegarde Neil (born 29 July 1939), also credited as Hildegard Neil, is an English actress.
Career.
Born in London, she first appeared on television in a BBC schools' television production of "Julius Caesar" in 1963 and after that appeared mostly as a guest artiste in a variety of TV series over the last 40 years. She has also appeared in several films and on stage, both in the West End and touring.
Personal life.
She is married to actor Brian Blessed and has a daughter with him, Rosalind, who is also an actress and represented by the same agent as her mother. On 23 May 2009, Neil appeared with her husband on the UK ITV entertainment show, "All Star Mr And Mrs", on which it was established that she is a keen Liverpool F.C. supporter.

</doc>
<doc id="20775637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775637" title="C17H36">
C17H36

The molecular formula C17H36 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20775657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775657" title="Udo Schmuck">
Udo Schmuck

Udo Schmuck (born October 29, 1952) is a German former footballer who played for Dynamo Dresden and won seven caps for East Germany. He is married to the Olympic medal-winning athlete Evelyn Kaufer and has two sons, one of whom, Thomas, is also a footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20775669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775669" title="Oleg Grebnev">
Oleg Grebnev

Oleg Gennadievich Grebnev (, born 4 February 1968) is a Russian team handball player and Olympic champion from 1992. He became European champion in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20775677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775677" title="2009 European Tour">
2009 European Tour

The 2009 European Tour was the 38th series of golf tournaments since the European Tour officially began in 1972. There were major changes for the 2009 season as the tour entered a partnership agreement with Dubai based Leisurecorp. The Order of Merit was renamed the Race to Dubai with the addition of a new season ending tournament, the Dubai World Championship, being contested by the leading 60 players after the penultimate event for a US$7.5 million prize fund and a US$7.5 million bonus pool.
The 2009 season consisted of 54 official money tournaments, an increase of four from the previous year, although three events were ultimately cancelled. This included eight major championships and World Golf Championships, which are also sanctioned by the PGA Tour. 27 events took place in Europe, 14 in Asia, 6 in the United States, 3 in South Africa and 3 in Australia. There were two new tournaments, the Moravia Silesia Open in the Czech Republic and the Dubai World Championship.
The Race to Dubai was won by Lee Westwood, who finished as European number one for the second time. He won the season ending Dubai World Championship to overtake Rory McIlroy in the standings. Westwood was also named Golfer of the Year, with Chris Wood being named the Sir Henry Cotton Rookie of the Year, having recorded a 3rd place finish in The Open Championship on his way to 44th on the end of season money list.
Main tournaments.
For details of what happened in the main tournaments of 2009, including the major championships and the World Golf Championships, see 2009 in golf.
Table of results.
The table below shows the 2009 schedule. There were 54 official money events, of which the first five events took place in late 2008. The season ran for 55 weeks, with a two-week break over Christmas and the New Year, and four weeks when no event was scheduled. There were four weeks when two official money events were played, with alternative tournaments being held alongside the majors and World Golf Championships, and a late co-sanctioning agreement with the Australian Masters. Due to plans to realign the schedule with the calendar year for 2010, the HSBC Champions, Hong Kong Open and the Australian Masters were held twice during the 2009 season. The HSBC Champions became a World Golf Championships event effective with its November 2009 edition.
The 2009 schedule included five events held late in the previous year, with the tour travelling outside of Europe until the Madeira Island Open in mid-March. Away from Europe, there were two regular events and one WGC event in China plus two in Hong Kong, China; three events in South Africa and the United Arab Emirates; three in Australia; and single events in Qatar, Malaysia, Indonesia, and South Korea; plus the United States based major championships and WGC events. One event that was due to be held in India was cancelled.
In December 2008 the Indian Masters, scheduled for February, was cancelled due to fallout from the ongoing financial crisis, and then in January 2009 it was announced that the revival of the English Open, scheduled for August, would be postponed for at least two years after developers of the St. Mellion International Resort ran into financial difficulties. In May it was announced that due to lack of sponsorship the British Masters had also been dropped from the schedule, with the Austrian Open being rescheduled from June to take its place on the calendar in September.
The numbers in brackets after the winners' names show the number of career wins they had on the European Tour up to and including that event. This is only shown for members of the European Tour. To give such a number for non-members would misrepresent the amount of time some international golfers spend on the European Tour; as the Tour co-sanctions the major championships and World Golf Championships events, some top players accumulate a significant number of wins in European Tour sanctioned events without really playing on it. For example, Tiger Woods has won nearly 40 events sanctioned by the European Tour, but has never played a sufficient number of European Tour-sanctioned events to qualify for membership.
Race to Dubai.
In 2009, the Order of Merit was rebranded as the Race To Dubai, with a bonus pool of $7.5 million (originally $10 million) to be distributed among the top 15 players at the end of the season, of which the winner received $1.5 million (originally $2 million). The new name reflects the addition of a new season ending tournament, the Dubai World Championship, held at the end of November in Dubai. The tournament also had a $7.5 million prize fund (originally $10 million), and was contested by the leading 60 players in the race following the seasons penultimate event, the Hong Kong Open. The winner of the Race To Dubai also receives a ten-year European Tour exemption, while the winner of the Dubai World Championship tournament receives a five-year European Tour exemption. The reduction in prize money, announced in September 2009, was due to the global economic downturn.
Final standings.
The following table shows the final Race to Dubai standings for 2009, including the top 15 players who qualified for the bonus pool.
Golfer of the Month.
The winners of the European Tour Golfer of the Month Award were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20775682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775682" title="Akihiro Nagakawa">
Akihiro Nagakawa

Nagakawa qualified for the 2008 PDC World Darts Championship, losing in the Preliminary Round to Anthony Forde. He qualified again for the 2009 PDC World Darts Championship, but lost again in the Preliminary Round, this time losing to Warren French. 
The match with French is widely considered to be the worst match ever in the history of either the PDC or BDO World Championships, where both players averaged 54. The standard was so poor, that Sky Sports stopped broadcasting it halfway through.

</doc>
<doc id="20775704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775704" title="Derek Patmore">
Derek Patmore

Derek Coventry Patmore (1908, London - 1972) was a British writer. He was the great grandson of the poet Coventry Patmore.
Patmore was educated at Uppingham School. He worked as a war correspondent in the Balkans and the Middle East, writing for the "News Chronicle" and the "Daily Mail".

</doc>
<doc id="20775725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775725" title="Opisthorchis">
Opisthorchis

Opisthorchis is a genus of flukes in the family Opisthorchiidae.
Species.
Species in the genus "Opisthorchis" include:
Etymology.
From the Greek opisthen (behind) and orchis (testicle), Opisthorchis is a genus of trematode flatworms whose testes are located in the posterior end of the body. Rivolta is generally credited with discovering the first opisthorchid, which he named Distoma felineus, in a cat in Italy in 1884. However, the fluke may have been mentioned by Rudolphi in 1819, and in 1831, Gurlt published a textbook that included a drawing of a fluke that was almost certainly Opisthorchis. By the end of the 19th century, Distoma contained so many species that Blanchard introduced the genus Opisthorchis for elongated flat flukes with testes in the posterior end of the body. He chose Rivolta’s Opisthorchis felineus as the type species. 
References.
"Includes public domain text from the CDC as cited"

</doc>
<doc id="20775726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775726" title="Edward Angel">
Edward Angel

Edward Stanley Angel (born January 6, 1944) is an emeritus professor of computer science at the University of New Mexico. He has published numerous books and journal articles including many successful titles on OpenGL.

</doc>
<doc id="20775729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775729" title="Lebanon School District">
Lebanon School District

Lebanon School District is an urban public school district in Lebanon, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania. The district encompasses approximately 5 square miles. According to 2000 local census data, it serves a resident population of 25,297. According to District officials, in school year 2007-08 the LSD provided basic educational services to 4,332 pupils through the employment of 331 teachers, 203 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 26 administrators.
Governance.
The district is governed by 9 individually elected board members (serve four-year terms), the Pennsylvania State Board of Education, the Pennsylvania Department of Education and the Pennsylvania General Assembly. The federal government controls programs it funds like Title I funding for low-income children in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and the No Child Left Behind Act, which mandates the district focus resources on student success in acquiring reading and math skills.
The Commonwealth Foundation for Public Policy Alternatives Sunshine Review gave the school board and district administration a "F" for transparency based on a review of "What information can people find on their school district's website". It examined the school district's website for information regarding; taxes, the current budget, meetings, school board members names and terms, contracts, audits, public records information and more.
Academic achievement.
Lebanon School District was ranked 481st out of 498 Pennsylvania School Districts in 2010 by the Pittsburgh Business Times. The ranking was based on four years of student academic performance based on the PSSAs for: reading, writing, math and two years of science.
Graduation rate:<br>
2010 - 83% <br>
2009 - 79%<br>
2008 - 80% <br>
2007 - 80% 
Lebanon Senior High School.
The school is in Making Progress: in Corrective Action II AYP status in 2010 due to chronic low academic achievement in reading and mathematics. In 2009, the school was in Did not make AYP - Corrective Action II 2nd Year AYP status.
PSSA Results<br>
11th Grade Reading<br>
2010 - 49% on grade level. In Pennsylvania, 67% of 11th graders on grade level.<br>
2009 - 44%, State - 65%<br>
2008 - 33%, State - 65%<br>
2007 - 45%, State - 65%
11th Grade Math:<br>
2010 - 51% on grade level. In Pennsylvania, 59% of 11th graders are on grade level.<br>
2009 - 44%, State - 56% <br>
2008 - 33%, State - 56%<br>
2007 - 40%, State - 53%
11th Grade Science:<br>
2010 - 24% on grade level. State - 40% of 11th graders on grade level.<br>
2009 - 17%, State - 40% <br>
2008 - 11%, State - 40%
College Remediation: According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 42% of Lebanon School District graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Dual enrollment.
The high school offers a dual enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. At LHS the courses are offered at Harrisburg Area Community College, Lebanon Valley College, and Harrisburg University of Science and TEchnology. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school, including the graduation ceremony. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist enrollees in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions.
For the 2009-10 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $15,812 for the program.
Graduation requirements.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district.
Beginning with the class of 2015, students must take the Keystone Exams in Literature and Algebra 1.
Middle school.
Attendance rate reported at 94% in 2009. Under the guidelines of NCLB, schools that do not make adequate yearly progress must offer school choice; an opportunity for students to attend another school in the district that is making AYP. Lebanon School District operates only one middle school in the district; consequently they do not offer this option.
8th Grade Reading:<br>
2010 - 64% on grade level. State - 81% <br>
2009 - 61%, State - 80% <br>
2008 - 54%, State - 78%
8th Grade Math:<br>
2010 - 55% on grade level. State - 75%<br>
2009 - 47%, State - 71%<br>
2008 - 52%, State - 70%
8th Grade Science:<br>
2010 - 24% on grade level. State - 57% of 8th graders are on grade level.<br>
2009 - 22%, State - 54% <br>
2008 - 26%, State - 52%
7th Grade Reading:<br>
2010 - 56% on grade level. State - 73%<br>
2009 - 49%, State - 71% <br>
2008 - 45%, State - 70%
7th Grade Math:<br>
2010 - 62% on grade level. State - 77%<br>
2009 - 57%, State - 75%<br>
2008 - 44%, State - 70%
6th Grade Reading:<br>
2010 - 45% on grade level, State - 68% <br>
2009 - 40%, State - 67% <br>
2008 - 48%, State - 67%
6th Grade Math:<br>
2010 - 60% on grade level, State - 78%<br>
2009 - 53%, State - 75%<br>
2008 - 47%, State - 72%
Special education.
In December 2008, the district reported that 694 pupils or 15% were receiving special education services. Lebanon School District provides a wide spectrum of special education services. Services and programs available within the District include learning support, speech/language support, secondary life skills support, occupational therapy, physical therapy, vision, adaptive physical education, ESL/LEP, job training, and alternative education programs at the secondary level. The District contracts with Intermediate Unit 13 to provide classes at various schools in Lebanon County to meet the educational needs of students requiring: life skills support, emotional support, sensory support, physical/MDS support, autistic support, basic occupational skills and transition/school-to-work support. Developmental delays are screened for beginning as early as age 3 by IU13 Early Intervention services. Parents request an evaluation for services by contacting the Supervisor of Special Education. The district is required to conduct child find activities for children who may be eligible for services via Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973.
When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible, the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation. Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the Department of Special Education.
The IDEA 2004 requires each school entity to publish a notice to parents, in newspapers or other media, including the student handbook and website regarding the availability of screening and intervention services and how to access them.
In 2010, the state of Pennsylvania provided $1,026,815,000 for Special Education services. The funds were distributed to districts based on a state policy which estimates that 16% of the district's pupils are receiving special education services. This funding is in addition to the state's basic education per pupil funding, as well as, all other state and federal funding.
Lebanon School District received a $2,449,947 supplement for special education services in 2010.
In 2006, the Lebanon School District received a $14,365 Special Education Inclusive Practices mini-grant from the Pennsylvania Department of Education. The grant was to be used for developing and expanding the effective instruction that encourages meaningful participation in regular education settings. Grants could be used to support the implementation of targeted instructional practices, supplementary aids and services, professional development, or related activities.
Bullying policy.
In 2009, the administration reported there were zero incidents of bullying in the district.
The Lebanon School Board adopted a policy which prohibits bullying by district students and the faculty. The policy defines bullying and cyberbullying. The Board directs that complaints of bullying shall be investigated promptly, and corrective action shall be taken when allegations are verified. No reprisals or retaliation shall occur as a result of good faith reports of bullying. The board expects staff members to be responsible to maintain an educational environment free from all forms of bullying. All Pennsylvania schools are required to have an anti-bullying policy incorporated into their Code of Student Conduct. The policy must identify disciplinary actions for bullying and designate a school staff person to receive complaints of bullying. The policy must be available on the school's website and posted in every classroom. All Pennsylvania public schools must provide a copy of its anti-bullying policy to the Office for Safe Schools every year, and shall review their policy every three years. Additionally, the district must conduct an annual review of that policy with students. The Center for Schools and Communities works in partnership with the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime & Delinquency and the Pennsylvania Department of Education to assist schools and communities as they research, select and implement bullying prevention programs and initiatives.
Education standards relating to student safety and antiharassment programs are described in the 10.3. Safety and Injury Prevention in the Pennsylvania Academic Standards for Health, Safety and Physical Education.
Budget.
In 2009, the district reported employing over 300 teachers with a starting salary of $39,000 to $124,4300 for a 189 day work year. The average teacher salary is $53,412. By contract the teachers work a 6 hour 50 minute day. Additionally, the teachers receive a defined benefit lifetime pension, health insurance (employee pays 10% of the monthly premium), vision insurance, dental insurance, college course reimbursement, 3 paid personal days, sick days - 10 to 12, a retirement bonus payment of unused sick days or a bonus lump sum of up to $7,500 and other benefits, sabbatical leave. Teachers are paid for extra instructional services at an hourly rate.
In 2007, the district employed 266 teachers. The average teacher salary in the district was $48,364 for 180 days worked.
Lebanon School District administrative costs per pupil in 2008 were $743.62 per pupil. The district ranked 265th of 500 school districts for per pupil administrative spending. The lowest administrative cost per pupil in Pennsylvania was $398 per pupil.
The district administration reported that per pupil spending in 2008 was $11,150 which ranked 385th in the state's 501 school districts.
Reserves - In 2008, the district reported a deficit of -$431,292 in an unreserved-undesignated fund balance. The designated fund balance was repoted as zero.
In December 2010, the Pennsylvania Auditor General conducted a performance audit of the district. The findings were reported to the administration and the school board.
The district is funded by a combination of: a local earned income tax for Lebanon City of 1.9%, a property tax, a real estate transfer tax 0.5%, coupled with substantial funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the federal government. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, pension income and Social Security income are exempted from state personal income tax and local earned income tax, regardless the of personal wealth.
State basic education funding.
For the 2010-11 budget year, the Lebanon School District was allotted a 14.46% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $24,763,476. Of the six school districts in Lebanon County, Lebanon School District received the highest state funding increase. One hundred fifty Pennsylvania school districts received the base 2% increase. Only 16 school district in Pennsylvania received an increase greater than 10%. The highest increase in 2010-11 went to Kennett Consolidated School District in Chester County which received a 23.65% increase in state funding. The amount of increase each school district receives is set by the Governor and the Secretary of Education as a part of the state budget proposal given each February.
In the 2009-2010 budget year the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 11.28% increase in Basic Education funding for a total of $21,634,580. This was the highest percentage point increase, in Basic Education Funding, for the school districts in Lebanon County. Fifteen school districts in Pennsylvania received increases of over 10% in Basic Education Funding. The state Basic Education funding to the district in 2008-09 was $19,441,605. Ninety school districts received a base 2% increase. Muhlenberg School District in Berks County received a 22.31% increase in state basic education funding in 2009.
Accountability Block Grants.
Beginning in 2004-2005, the state launched the Accountability Block Grant school funding. This program has provided $1.5 billion to Pennsylvania’s school districts. The Accountability Block Grant program requires that its taxpayer dollars are focused on specific interventions that are most likely to increase student academic achievement. These interventions include: teacher training, all-day kindergarten, lower class size K-3rd grade, literacy and math coaching programs that provide teachers with individualized job-embedded professional development to improve their instruction, before or after school tutoring assistance to struggling students, For 2010-11 the Lebanon School District applied for and received $1,108,150 in addition to all other state and federal funding. The district used the funding to provide:preschool, full-day kindergarten and teacher coaches who work to improve teacher instruction.
Education Assistance grant.
The state's EAP funding provides for the continuing support of tutoring services and other programs to address the academic needs of eligible students. Funds are available to eligible school districts and full-time career and technology centers (CTC) in which one or more schools have failed to meet at least one academic performance target, as provided for in Section 1512-C of the Pennsylvania Public School Code. In 2010-11 the Lebanon School District received $318,370.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006-2009. Lebanon School District did not apply for funding in 2006-07. In 2007-08 it was awarded $307,274 in funding. In 2008-09 it received $55,186 for a total funding of $362,460. Of the 501 public school districts in Pennsylvania, 447 of them received Classrooms for the Future grant awards 
Federal Stimulus funding.
The district received an extra $3,940,473 in ARRA - Federal Stimulus money to be used in specific programs like special education and meeting the academic needs of low-income students. The funding was for 2009-2010 through 2010-2011.
According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 2981 students qualified for free or reduced-price lunch due to low family income in 2008.
Race to the Top grant.
School district officials applied for the Race to the Top federal grant which would have brought the district over one million additional federal dollars for improving student academic achievement. The district was identified by the state department of education as a turnaround district due to poor student achievement. This meant the school district would receive an extra $750 per pupil on top of the base grant funding. Participation required the administration, the school board and the local teachers' union to sign an agreement to prioritize improving student academic success. In Pennsylvania, 120 public school districts and 56 charter schools agreed to participate. Pennsylvania was not approved for the grant. The failure of districts to agree to participate was cited as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved.
Real estate taxes.
The school board levied a real estate tax of 117.5100 mills in 2010-11. A mill is $1 of tax for every $1,000 of a property's assessed value. Irregular property reassessments have become a serious issue in the commonwealth as it creates a significant disparity in taxation within a community and across a region. On the local level, Pennsylvania district revenues are dominated by two main sources: 1) Property tax collections, which account for the vast majority (between 75-85%) of local revenues; and 2) Act 511 tax collections, which are around 15% of revenues for school districts.
Act 1 Adjusted index.
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each school district can raise property taxes in Pennsylvania. Districts are not allowed to raise taxes above that index unless they allow voters to vote by referendum, or they seek an exception from the state Department of Education. The base index for the 2011-2012 school year is 1.4 percent, but the Act 1 Index can be adjusted higher, depending on a number of factors, such as property values and the personal income of district residents. Act 1 included 10 exceptions, including: increasing pension costs, increases in special education costs, a catastrophe like a fire or flood, increase in health insurance costs for contracts in effect in 2006 or dwindling tax bases. The base index is the average of the percentage increase in the statewide average weekly wage, as determined by the PA Department of Labor and Industry, for the preceding calendar year and the percentage increase in the Employment Cost Index for Elementary and Secondary Schools, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the U.S. Department of Labor, for the previous 12-month period ending June 30. For a school district with a market value/personal income aid ratio (MV/PI AR) greater than 0.4000, its index equals the base index multiplied by the sum of .75 and its MV/PI AR for the current year.
The School District Adjusted Index for the Lebanon School District 2006-2007 through 2011-2012.
The Lebanon School Board applied for exceptions to exceed the Act 1 index for the budget in 2011, including special education and pension costs. In the Spring of 2010, 135 Pennsylvania school boards asked to exceed their adjusted index. Approval was granted to 133 of them and 128 sought an exception for pension costs increases.
Property tax relief.
In 2010, the Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief from gambling for the Lebanon School District was $397 per approved permanent primary residence. This was the highest amount in the Lebanon County. In the district, 4459 property owners applied for the tax relief. The relief was subtracted from the total annual school property tax bill. Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer's office. Farmers can qualify for a farmstead exemption on building used for agricultural purposes. The farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres and must be the primary residence of the owner. Farmers can qualify for both the homestead exemption and the farmstead exemption. Pennsylvania awarded the highest property tax relief to residents of the Chester-Upland School District in Delaware County at $641 per homestead and farmstead in 2010. CUSD was given $632 in 2009. This was the second year they were the top recipient.
A special investigation conducted by the Pennsylvania Auditor General found that 76% of homeowners in Lebanon County had applied for the property tax relief.
Additionally, the Pennsylvania Property Tax/Rent Rebate program is provided for low income Pennsylvanians aged 65 and older; widows and widowers aged 50 and older; and people with disabilities age 18 and older. The income limit is $35,000 for homeowners. The maximum rebate for both homeowners and renters is $650. Applicants can exclude one-half (1/2) of their Social Security income, so people who make substantially more than $35,000 may still qualify for a rebate. Individuals must apply annually for the rebate.
Property taxes in Pennsylvania are relatively high on a national scale. According to the Tax Foundation, Pennsylvania ranked 11th in the U.S. in 2008 in terms of property taxes paid as a percentage of home value (1.34%) and 12th in the country in terms of property taxes as a percentage of income (3.55%).
Extracurriculars.
The district's students have access to a variety of clubs, activities and sports. Eligibility for participation is determined by the school board policy. Any student who earns a failing grade in one full credit course will become ineligible to participate for a period of one week.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs, including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Intermediate Unit.
Lancaster Lebanon Intermediate Unit (IU#13) region includes: Lebanon County and Lancaster County. The agency provides Lebanon School District, charter schools, the district's home schooled students and area private schools many services, including: Special education services, combined purchasing, and instructional technology services. It runs Sail Summer Academy which offers both art and academic strands designed to meet the individual needs of gifted, talented and high achieving students. Additional services include: Curriculum Mapping, Professional Development for school employees, Adult Education, Nonpublic School Services, Business Services, Migrant & ESL (English as a Second Language), Instructional Services, Special Education, Management Services, and Technology Services. The IU 13 offers preemployment screening, including fingerprinting, for prospective public school employees. It also provides a GED program to adults who want to earn a high school diploma and literacy programs. The Lancasert-Lebanon Intermediate Unit is governed by a 22-member Board of Directors, each a member of a local school board from the 22 school districts. Board members are elected by their fellow school directors for three-year terms that begin July 1. There are 29 intermediate units in Pennsylvania. They are funded by school districts, state and federal program specific funding and grants. IUs do not have the power to tax.

</doc>
<doc id="20775730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775730" title="Harris Farm (Walkersville, Maryland)">
Harris Farm (Walkersville, Maryland)

Harris Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Walkersville, Frederick County, Maryland, United States. The main house was built in 1855, and is a three-story center plan house in predominantly late Greek Revival syle, with some Italianate elements. The agricultural complex consists of a bank barn with an attached granary; a second frame barn that shares an animal yard with the bank barn; a row of frame outbuildings including a converted garage, a workshop, and a chicken house. There is also a drive-through double corn crib; and a frame pig pen from 1914. The 20th century buildings consist of a frame poultry house, a dairy barn with milk house and two silos, and an octagonal chicken coop. A lime kiln is located on the edge of the property. The property is preserved as part of the Walkersville Heritage Farm Park.
The Harris Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20775742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775742" title="United States Senate election in New York, 1980">
United States Senate election in New York, 1980

The 1980 United States Senate election in New York was held on November 2, 1980. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Jacob K. Javits was defeated in the primary, and Republican Al D'Amato won the three way election.
Campaign.
The combined failure to adjust politically to the rightward movement of the GOP and the 1979 diagnosis with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (also known as Lou Gehrig's Disease) led to a primary challenge. The incumbent was defeated in the primary by Hempstead Presiding Supervisor Alfonse D'Amato on September 9.
D'Amato, also running on the Conservative line, proceeded to defeat Democratic U.S. Representative Elizabeth Holtzman and Javits, who ran on the Liberal Party ticket. In the traditionally liberal state of New York, Javits split the Democratic vote with Holtzman to give D'Amato a close victory.

</doc>
<doc id="20775782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775782" title="Auguste Corteau">
Auguste Corteau

Auguste Corteau () is the pen name of the Greek author Petros Hadjopoulos (Πέτρος Χατζόπουλος). He was born in Thessaloniki, in 1979.
In addition to the fourteen novels, novellas and short stories collections he has published over the years, he has also worked extensively as a translator, and has translated into Greek numerous works by masters of prose such as Nabokov, Banville, Updike, Annie Proulx and Cormac McCarthy. Highly active in social networking, he has often been described as controversial.

</doc>
<doc id="20775803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775803" title="1913–14 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1913–14 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1913-14 campaign was a particularly disappointing season following 5th place the previous season. Town would finish 13th, 15 points off Bradford Park Avenue, who finished 2nd place.
Review.
After finishing 5th place in their 3rd season in the Football League, Town didn't live up to the standards set the previous season, with the only standout result being the 7-0 win over Birmingham in October. They finished in 13th place with only 34 points.

</doc>
<doc id="20775816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775816" title="David Vandenbossche">
David Vandenbossche

David Vandenbossche (born 27 September 1980 in Dunkerque) is a French footballer, who is currently playing for Auxerre B.
Career.
Vandenbossche began his career as part of the youth academy at French club AJ Auxerre. He left the club in 2004, to join Ligue 2 side LB Châteauroux on loan for six months, before moving back to Auxerre, later that year, he joined Châteauroux permanently. In 2008 he joined French second tier club US Boulogne and on 31 July 2009 US Boulogne have released striker. On 2 February 2010 FC Lausanne-Sport signed the French and former US Boulogne striker on a free transfer until the end of the season. After a short stay in Switzerland, Vandenbossche moved on to Paris FC for one season before joining the Auxerre reserve team in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20775820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775820" title="Sunalta Station Place">
Sunalta Station Place

Sunalta Station Place is a three-story building constructed between 1904 and 1905 by Louis Weissgerber, who is interred in Calgary Union Cemetery.
The structure was originally located at 325 6th Avenue West Calgary Alberta on land purchased from Lord Strathcona. This lot is now occupied by the 41 storey First Canadian Centre which was built in 1982. Sunalta Station Place was moved (structure relocation) in 1947 to its current location at 1639 11th Ave SW by local businessman Oscar Lindquist. This lot was previously acquired by the City on January 9, 1926 for unpaid property taxes pursuant to the Tax Recovery Act of 1922 and remained vacant until 1947. Due to the significant housing demand following World War II, the building was extensively modified and utilized as a five suite apartment building. The structure functioned as an apartment building until 1996 at which time it was purchased by Calgary geologist Philip Young. The building was subsequently upgraded and converted into offices for Columbus Energy Corporation, a junior Oil and Gas Company owned by Mr. Young. 
In 2008, the structure was named Sunalta Station Place. In December 2010 the building was returned to its original use as a private residence. The building is situated within 500 metres of the new $25 Million Sunalta C-Train Station constructed to service the west leg expansion of Calgary's LRT transportation network.

</doc>
<doc id="20775823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775823" title="1st Battalion Massachusetts Volunteer Heavy Artillery">
1st Battalion Massachusetts Volunteer Heavy Artillery

The 1st Battalion of Massachusetts Volunteer Heavy Artillery was a unit that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. It was organized from several unattached companies of heavy artillery already raised and mustered into a three-year service for the defenses of the Massachusetts coast.
History.
The 1st Unattached Company was formed in February 1862 for the garrisoning of Fort Warren in Boston Harbor. They remained here until 24 December 1864, when ordered to Champlain, New York due to "trouble being feared on the Canadian border". They returned to Fort Warren on 13 May 1865, and were mustered out on 20 October. Captain Stephen Cabot of this company would become the major of the battalion.
The 2nd Unattached Company was organized in October and November 1862, joining the 1st in garrison duty at Fort Warren. In July 1863, when a draft riot broke out in Boston, they were sent to restore order. In August, they were stationed to the fort at Clark's Point, New Bedford, and remained there until its mustering out on 29 June 1865.
The 4th Unattached, being mustered in on 22 April 1863, then became Company C when the battalion was formed that month. They were also stationed at Fort Warren during most of their term of service. During the Boston draft in July, the company was sent there to maintain order, except for a detachment that went to Concord, New Hampshire to assist in keeping order during the draft taking place there, and stayed until September. The company was mustered out on 20 October 1865.
The battalion being formed by the three mentioned unattached companies at the end of April 1863, they were later joined by the 5th Unattached Co. after it was mustered in on 6 June 1863 and became Company D.
The four previously unattached companies were three-year units, and two additional companies (Co's E + F) were subsequently raised in August 1864 for one-year terms. Except where mentioned previously, the companies were all stationed at forts in Boston Harbor, with detachments from them being sent to other military locations along the coast.
Three of the companies were mustered out in June 1865, while the rest of the battalion stayed in service until September and October.
Complement.
The First Battalion consisted of 39 officers and 1272 enlisted men.
Losses.
Fifteen soldiers died from disease or accident.

</doc>
<doc id="20775837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775837" title="Kitterman-Buckey Farm">
Kitterman-Buckey Farm

Kitterman--Buckey Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Johnsville, Frederick County, Maryland. It is the remnant of the farm that was established by the German immigrant Christopher Kitteman in 1752, and which remained in the Root/Buckey family from 1790 to 1919. The main house was built about 1752 and is two stories in height. It is composed of two halves, built probably 40 to 50 years apart, and united under a low-sloping slate roof with three chimneys, with additions made in the 19th century and again in the 1950s and 1980s. Also on the property are a springhouse and cabin / smokehouse both dating to about 1752, a machine shed, horse barn built about 1930, a bank barn built about 1850, and a silo from 1934. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20775840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775840" title="Will Wilson">
Will Wilson

Will Reid Wilson, Sr. (July 29, 1912 – December 14, 2005) was a prominent Democratic politician in his native Texas best known for his service as attorney general of Texas from 1957-1963. In 1968, he joined the Republican Party to support the election of Richard M. Nixon as U.S. President. Nixon thereafter named Wilson an assistant U.S. attorney general under John Newton Mitchell. Wilson left the federal post a year before the Watergate burglary began to shatter the Nixon administration.
Early years, education, military.
Wilson was born to Will R. and Kate Wilson in Dallas, where he graduated from Highland Park High School. He received his bachelor of science degree in geology at the University of Oklahoma at Norman. Then he entered the law school of Southern Methodist University in Dallas, where he was named a "Distinguished Graduate". He joined the law firm of Turner, Rogers, and Wynn and served as aide to Dallas Mayor Woodall Rogers, who served in the nonpartisan position from 1939-1947. Wilson left Dallas to become an assistant Texas attorney general in the state capital in Austin. 
During World War II, Wilson joined the United States Army and advanced to the rank of major, having served in New Guinea and the Philippines, where he was on the staff of generals Walter Kruger and I.P. Swift. He was the battalion commander of the 465th Field Artillery. He accepted the surrender of the staff of the Japanese General Yamashita and received the Bronze Star for heroism in combat from General Swift. After the war, Wilson returned to Dallas to practice law.
Attorney General Wilson.
In 1946, he was elected to a four-year term as district attorney of Dallas County, having served from 1947 to 1951. In 1950, he was elected to the nine-member Texas Supreme Court, the final authority in civil cases and juvenile matters in the state. He left the court as associate justice in 1956 to run for attorney general to succeed John Ben Shepperd. 
While he was attorney general, he received the Wymann Memorial Award for 1959–1960 as the "Outstanding Attorney General in the United States." He moved to halt prostitution in several cities, including Galveston, Victoria, Cuero, Big Spring, Texarkana, Beaumont, and Port Arthur. Wilson's service as the top lawyer for state government ended in January 1963, when he was succeeded by fellow Democrat Waggoner Carr of Lubbock.
Back-to-back Senate and gubernatorial races.
In the spring of 1961, Wilson, along with some seventy other individuals, paid the $50 filing fee to enter the special election for the U.S. Senate seat vacated by Vice President of the United States Lyndon Baines Johnson, who along with John B. Connally, Jr., as U.S. Secretary of the Navy, had joined the new administration of John F. Kennedy. Wilson trailed in fourth place in the special election with 121,961 votes (11.5 percent). Ultimately, Republican John G. Tower, a college professor from Wichita Falls, won the remaining five and one-half years of Johnson's term by approximately ten thousand votes over Senator William Blakley of Dallas. who had been appointed on an interim basis by Governor Daniel, himself a former U.S. senator and Texas attorney general.
Wilson did not seek a fourth two-year term as attorney general in 1962; instead he entered the Democratic gubernatorial primary against several prominent opponents, including incumbent Governor Marion Price Daniel, Sr. of Liberty, highway commissioner Marshall Formby of Plainview, General Edwin A. Walker, who made anticommunism the centerpiece of his campaign, and the leading candidates, former U.S. Secretary of the Navy John Connally of Floresville, and liberal attorney Don Yarborough of Houston (no relation to his fellow liberal U.S. Senator Ralph W. Yarborough of Austin). In the campaign, Wilson was particularly critical of a politician not on the ballot: Lyndon Johnson. Wilson declared that Johnson had engineered Connally's candidacy because the vice president feared a Republican victory in Texas in 1962. According to Wilson, Johnson was engaged in "a move . . . to oust Price Daniel, oust me, oust Senator Ralph Yarborough and gain complete control of the state government."
Ultimately, Connally narrowly won the nomination in a runoff against Yarborough and then defeated the strong Republican gubernatorial candidate in Texas since 1924, Jack Cox of Houston in the general election. Cox had lost the Democratic nomination to Governor Daniel in the 1960 party primary. In 1964, Cox, a part of the conservative wing of his new party, lost the Republican nomination for the U.S. Senate to George Herbert Walker Bush, also of Houston, and the future vice president and U.S. president.
Federal service.
After his Senate and gubernatorial election defeats, Wilson co-founded the law firm, Wilson, Kendall, Koch, and Randall in Austin. He served from 1969-1971 as the assistant attorney general in charge of the Criminal Division of the Justice Department. Wilson's book "A Fool For a Client" focuses upon President Nixon's decline, pending impeachment, and ultimate resignation from the Oval Office. The conservative Wilson switched to the Republican Party more than five years before Connally. Ironically, it was Connally, considered a political pragmatist, whom Nixon most highly regarded, having appointed him U.S. Secretary of the Treasury in 1970 and reportedly having considered Connally for the vice-presidential nomination vacated in 1973 by Spiro T. Agnew.
Family and death.
Wilson was married for thirty-six years, until her death, to the former Marjorie Lou Ashcroft (1918–1984). The couple had two children and five grandchildren. Known for his cowboy humor, Wilson operated two ranches: Brushy Creek in Williamson County and Little River Ranch in Milam County. He served as director of the Brushy Creek and Upper Brushy Creek Water Control Improvement Districts for two decades. He was also chairman of the Cullum and Boren and the Wilson Land and Cattle companies.
Wilson died at the age of ninety-three and was interred on December 17, 2005, alongside his wife in the Patriot's Hill section, Row R, No. 24, of the Texas State Cemetery in Austin.

</doc>
<doc id="20775860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775860" title="W. David McIntyre">
W. David McIntyre

William David McIntyre OBE (born 1932) is a New Zealand historian. He was a professor in history at the University of Canterbury, in Christchurch, before retiring from that position in 1997.
He is an expert on the constitutional and military histories of the Commonwealth of Nations and British Empire, and it was in this capacity that he is published and has advised governments. He served as special advisor to the Committee on Commonwealth Membership.

</doc>
<doc id="20775873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775873" title="Progressive systemic sclerosis">
Progressive systemic sclerosis

Progressive systemic sclerosis is a generalized disorder of connective tissue in which there is thickening of dermal collagen bundles, and fibrosis and vascular abnormalities in internal organs.

</doc>
<doc id="20775896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775896" title="Little Smoky, Alberta">
Little Smoky, Alberta

Little Smoky is a hamlet in northwest Alberta, Canada within the Municipal District of Greenview No. 16. It is located on Highway 43, approximately south of Valleyview and northwest of Fox Creek. The hamlet is adjacent to the Little Smoky River. 
Services and amenities.
Little Smoky has a gas station, a cafe, a community hall, a post office, a motel, a playground, and an ice rink. The "Waskahigan River Provincial Recreation Area" is located across Highway 43. 
Infrastructure.
The hamlet has two locally significant rural roads near it: Little Smoky Road (formerly Highway 745), which connects the hamlet to Highway 665, and Simonette Road, which connects to Forestry Trunk Road (formerly Highway 734). 
The Little Smoky transfer station is located southwest of the hamlet on Range Road 221. The Greenview Regional Landfill was built northeast of Little Smoky on the corner of Township Road 672 and Range Road 210.
Waterways.
The confluences of the Iosegun and Waskahigan rivers with the Little Smoky River are nearby the hamlet to the north and northwest. The confluence of the Waskahigan and Little Smoky rivers can be reached by vehicle via a gravel road through the trees that can become muddy and bumpy after extended periods of rain.

</doc>
<doc id="20775900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775900" title="These Are Powers">
These Are Powers

These Are Powers is an experimental music group from Brooklyn, New York and Chicago, Illinois. The band mixes polyrhythm with samples and other electronic sounds and noise rock.
History.
These Are Powers were an avant-garde, experimental noise dance band from Brooklyn, New York founded by singer and guitarist Anna Barie and bassist Pat Noecker (Liars) in 2006.
2006-2008.
With drummer Ted McGrath, These Are Powers recorded the "Silver Lung" 7" and "Terrific Seasons" LP originally released on HOSS Records and later re-released by Dead Oceans. The early recordings were inspired by African polyrhythms, Der Blaue Reiter, John Cage, Alice Coltrane, and Pandit Pran Nath. During this period, the band founded the genre of "Ghost Punk" and often drew comparisons to arty experimenters Sonic Youth, Throbbing Gristle and This Heat. Live shows were treated as loud, psychedelic exorcisms with long, improvised passages.
2008-2011.
Producer Bill Salas (Brenmar) replaced McGrath as drummer for These Are Powers originally on a standing electro-acoustic drum kit before transitioning later into more electronic production. The band wrote their "Taro Tarot" EP and the "All Aboard Future" LP in Salas' hometown of Chicago between several American and Canadian DIY tours. Influences at this time were Top 40 American Hip Hop, UK Dubstep, 90's House music and New Age. These Are Powers increasingly collaborated with other musicians, dancers, visual artists, designers and videographers for their album artwork, performances, costuming, set design, and gallery events, becoming more of a collective than a band.
They gained a reputation worldwide for their high energy live shows, often in unusual venues. TAP performed increasingly in Europe, as well as in museums and galleries. In 2009 they had an artist residency in China and played shows nationwide, organised by Beijing label Maybe Mars and promoters Split Works. Their final release was their "CANDYMAN" 12 inch on "RVNG Intl." The artwork for the album was by Kevin O'Neil and inspired by the fetish of Sploshing.
The band announced in early February, 2011 that they had broken up during a memorial show for late promoter "Ariel Panero" at Death By Audio.
Noecker played a prepared bass with a wooden dowel put under the strings which functioned as an additional 3rd bridge, shortening the string length to cause an altered musical scale with the fret positions. This would be the precursor to a custom designed bass, called the "The Burner Bass" by experimental Dutch luthier Yuri Landman which Noecker now uses in his solo project RAFT.
In 2012, Anna Barie moved to France founded the experimental electronic duo DUBAI with producer and engineer Johannes Buff. Pat Noecker revived his solo project RAFT in late 2011 and Bill Salas continues to DJ and produce as "BRENMAR".

</doc>
<doc id="20775910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775910" title="Valery Gopin">
Valery Gopin

Valery Pavlovich Gopin (, born 8 May 1964) is a Russian team handball player. He became Olympic champion in 1988 with the Soviet Union national handball team, and in 1992 with the Unified Team. He became European champion with the Russia national handball team in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20775924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775924" title="PlaneSense">
PlaneSense

PlaneSense is a fractional aircraft ownership program managed by PlaneSense, Inc. PlaneSense, Inc. was formerly named "Alpha Flying, Inc." The name was changed on February 1, 2012. Based in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, they are the largest fleet manager of the Pilatus PC-12 in the world, with 30 aircraft. They are the fourth largest fractional company in United States, and the largest regional fractional program in the world.
History.
Originally based in Nashua, New Hampshire, Alpha Flying was founded by George Antoniadis in 1992. In 1995 the PlaneSense program was started, with the first Pilatus PC-12 delivered on September 9th, 1995. On their ten-year anniversary in 2005, the PlaneSense fleet had grown to 20 and 50,000 flight hours had been completed. As of August 2013, the fleet grew to 49 present and past aircraft and completed 200,000 flight hours. In 2007 they moved to a new facility at Pease International Airport in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
Fleet.
Crafted in Switzerland, the Pilatus PC-12 is a luxurious, highly versatile aircraft. PlaneSense, Inc. departed from other fractional jet ownership competitors because the PC-12 is significantly more sensible, affordable, and practical -- yet maintains the luxury and safety owners come to expect and rely on.
Most aircraft are designed and built to satisfy a mission. The Pilatus PC-12 was designed to satisfy many missions: passenger, cargo, air ambulance, commercial airline, government surveillance, and others. It easily transports people in style, grace, and comfort, with a more spacious cabin than other jet aircraft of the same size. 
Pilatus PC-12 Specifications & Benefits:
Pilatus PC-12 is a luxurious, sophisticated, comfortable, and efficient aircraft that is capable of delivering exceptional benefits by drawing on a long list of strengths, including:
• Powered by a 1,200 SHP Pratt & Whitney PT6A-67P engine, the PC-12 NG offers a maximum cruise speed of 322 mph and an altitude of 30,000 feet. 
• A 330 cubic-foot pressurized, comfortable, cabin offers executive seating for six, a flat floor, and a private, enclosed, flushing lavatory.
• A high-lift wing for landing on runways as short as 2,000 feet and retractable trailing-link landing gear for smooth landings on paved and unpaved runways.
• State-of-the-art EFIS cockpit.
• A large 4ft x 4ft cargo door for easy loading and storage of luggage and personal gear.
External links.
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Planesense-Inc/141962892658946
http://www.linkedin.com/company/2546893?trk=tyah&trkInfo=tas%3Aplanesense%2Cidx%3A1-1-1
References.
http://www.planesense.com/pdfs/ain_fracitional_charter_market_part_2.pdf 
http://www.prweb.com/releases/2013/11/prweb11346234.htm 
http://www.prweb.com/releases/2013/11/prweb11331376.htm 
http://www.planesense.com/pdfs/PlaneSensetakes1200thPC12AIN9-13.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="20775926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775926" title="David Sheehy">
David Sheehy

David Sheehy (1844 – 17 December 1932) was an Irish nationalist politician. He was a member of parliament (MP) from 1885 to 1900 and from 1903 to 1918, taking his seat as a member of the Irish Parliamentary Party in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
Political career.
Born in Limerick, he had been a student for the Catholic priesthood at the Irish College in Paris but had left it and made a runaway match with a convent schoolgirl, Bessie McCoy, who eloped with him. He had also been a member of the IRB and was active in the Land League. He was imprisoned on six occasions for various anti-government activities.
At the 1885 general election he was elected unopposed as MP for South Galway and held that seat until the 1900 general election. His re-election in Galway was unopposed in 1886 and 1895. However, at the 1892 general election, when the Irish Party split over the leadership of Charles Stewart Parnell and Sheehy joined the anti-Parnellite majority, he was opposed by a Parnellite candidate, who he defeated with a majority of nearly two-to-one. In the same election he also stood in Waterford City, but failed to unseat the Parnellite John Redmond.
The two factions of the Irish Parliamentary Party reunited for the general election in 1900, but Sheehy did not stand again and was out of Parliament for the next three years. However, after the death in August 1903 of James Laurence Carew, the Independent Nationalist MP for South Meath, Sheehy was selected as the Irish Parliamentary Party MP candidate in the resulting by-election in October 1903. Carew had apparently been elected in 1900 as a result of a series of errors in nominations, and his predecessor John Howard Parnell stood again, this time as an Independent Nationalist. Sheehy won the contest with a majority of more than two-to-one, and held the seat until he stood down at the 1918 general election.
Personal and family life.
David was the son of Richard Sheehy and Johanna Shea, brother of Mary Sheehy and Eugene Sheehy.
He and his wife Bessie had seven children, of whom six survived to adulthood. One of his daughters, Mary (born 1884), married the MP Thomas Kettle. Another, Hanna (born 1877), married the writer Francis Skeffington. Kathleen married Frank O'Brien and was the mother of Conor Cruise O'Brien. Margaret (born 1879), an amateur playwright, married Frank Culhane with whom she had four children and after being widowed married her godson, the poet Michael Casey. Sheehy's two sons were Richard and Eugene.
The writer James Joyce often visited the family home in 2 Belvedere Place, where musical evenings and theatricals took place every Sunday evening. Joyce entertained the family with Italian songs. In 1900 Margaret wrote a play in which the Sheehy's and their friends, including Joyce, took part. Joyce took a particular liking to Eugene and had a long-lasting but unrequited crush on Mary. Joyce's novel 'Ulysses' wittily describes an encounter between Bessie Sheehy and a Father John Conmee, S.J.
When David Sheehy died in Dublin aged 88 it was reported that he had been the oldest surviving member of the Irish Parliamentary Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20775927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775927" title="Yohan Lachor">
Yohan Lachor

Yohan Lachor (born 17 January 1976 in Aire-sur-la-Lys) is a French football defender.
Career.
Lachor began his career as part of the youth academy at French club RC Lens. He left the club in 2000, to join Swiss side side Servette FC on loan, before moving back to Lens. In 2006 he left his boyhood club to join CS Sedan, before joining Ligue 2 side US Boulogne in 2008 helping the club to reach Ligue 1 in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20775941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775941" title="2008 Bombardier Learjet 550">
2008 Bombardier Learjet 550

The 2008 Bombardier Learjet 550 was the seventh round of the 2008 IndyCar Series season and took place on June 7, 2008 at the Texas Motor Speedway, in Fort Worth, Texas. In the first half, three single-car incidents involving Mario Domínguez, Justin Wilson, and Oriol Servià slowed the race. The lead changed hands between Hélio Castroneves, Bruno Junqueira, and Scott Dixon for the first 100 laps. Two sequences of green flag pit stops occurred under a long stretch of green flag conditions. A caution for debris came out on lap 165, sending the leaders to the pits once more. Vitor Meira stayed out to take over the lead.
With 21 laps to go, Meira was forced to pit for fuel, giving up the lead to Marco Andretti. Moments later, Enrique Bernoldi crashed in turn four. Andretti led the field back to green on lap 219. With six laps to go, Dixon slipped by Andretti to take the lead. On the next lap, down the backstretch, third place Ryan Hunter-Reay dove below Andretti heading into turn three. Hunter-Reay pinched his left wheels onto the apron, lost control, and touched wheels with Andretti. Both cars spun and crashed hard into the wall. The race finished under caution with Dixon the winner, and Castroneves slipping by the accident to finish second.

</doc>
<doc id="20775945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775945" title="Last Voices of World War 1">
Last Voices of World War 1

The Last Voices of World War 1 was a six-part series screened on The History Channel in the UK from Sunday 9 November 2008 to Sunday 14 December 2008 with a repeat during the week. Its initial episode was screened on Remembrance Sunday 2008. The series was made by Testimony Films.
The show featured interviews shot by Steve Humphries and Richard van Emden in the early 1990s with many of the then surviving veterans who were, at that stage, well into their 90s. All of these veterans have subsequently died.
Harry Patch appeared in episodes 4 and 6, Henry Allingham appeared in episode 4.
The series was narrated by the actress Nimmy March.
The series was screened by Channel 4 in the UK daily from 2 November 2009.
The music for this series is called "Passage of Time" and was written by Terry Devine-King.

</doc>
<doc id="20775948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775948" title="Chris Ponting">
Chris Ponting

Christopher Paul Ponting is a British computational biologist, specializing in the evolution and function of genes and genomes. He is currently Professor of Genomics at the University of Oxford and group leader in the MRC Functional Genomics Unit, and is affiliated with the Oxford Centre for Gene Function, and Oxford's Department of Physiology, Anatomy and Genetics. 
Education.
After receiving his Bachelor of Arts and Master of Science in physics from University of Oxford and the University of British Columbia, respectively, he returned to Oxford, completing his Doctor of Philosophy in biophysics in 1991 while studying plasminogen.
Research.
Ponting contributed to the Human Genome Project, and did much of the sequence comparison for the mouse, rat, chicken, dog, opossum, and platypus Genome Projects. He has also used comparative genomics to contribute directly to the understanding of chromatin structure and the genetics of numerous conditions including asthma, obesity, Alzheimer's disease, retinitis pigmentosa, muscular dystrophies, and Aicardi-Goutières syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="20775950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775950" title="Mark of an Angel">
Mark of an Angel

Mark of an Angel or "L'Empreinte de l'ange is a French 2008 film, directed by Safy Nebbou. Retitled Angel of Mine" for its 2009 English-language DVD release.
Plot.
In a hospital Elsa Valentin gives birth to a daughter, but the baby reportedly dies in a fire. Seven years later she is divorcing her husband, and they fight over who gets custody over their 12-year-old son Thomas.
When Elsa collects her son from a party, she sees the 7-year-old girl Lola, who she thinks is her daughter, Lucie. First Elsa keeps this to herself, but she uses every opportunity to see Lola and keep into contact with her; toward Claire, the mother, she pretends to be interested in buying the house of the family, which is for sale, so that she can inspect the house and thus see Lola. Next, she goes to ice-skating when Lola does with her mother. Elsa and Lola skate together, but they fall and Lola is lightly wounded. Furthermore, she goes to a ballet performance in which Lola participates, and stands on the side of the stage behind the curtains to watch her perform; Lola does not mind, it feels for her like Elsa supports her more than Claire does. Claire confronts Elsa with her stalking behaviour. 
Later Elsa tells Claire her claim but Claire maintains Lola is her own daughter. Elsa asks for a DNA test but Claire refuses, after which Elsa sneaks into the house to search for a hair of Lola but loses it in a fight with Claire. Claire tells what happened to her husband who suggests to allow Elsa the DNA test; he argues that this will prove that Lola is not Elsa's daughter. 
Eventually, Claire confesses to Elsa, then her husband, that seven years ago in the hospital her own daughter died in the fire from smoke inhalation. In another room, she heard a baby crying and saw Elsa lying on the floor. Assuming her to have also died and she took the baby, pretending she was hers and that her dead baby was Elsa's. 
Claire and her husband, Bernard, accept that Lola is returned to Elsa. To start with, Elsa goes for a walk with Lola. The girl is surprised by the matter, but does not seem really shocked.

</doc>
<doc id="20775995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20775995" title="School Day of Non-violence and Peace">
School Day of Non-violence and Peace

The School Day of Non-violence and Peace (or DENIP, acronym from Catalan-Balearic: "Dia Escolar de la No-violència i la Pau"), is an observance founded by the Spanish poet "Llorenç Vidal Vidal" in Majorca in 1964 as a starting point and support for a pacifying and non-violent education of a permanent character. Different as the first proposed by the UNESCO "Armistice Day" in 1948, the "School Day of Non-violence and Peace" (DENIP) is observed on January 30 or thereabouts every year, on the anniversary of the death of Mahatma Gandhi, in schools all over the world. In countries with a Southern Hemisphere school calendar, it can be observed on 30 March. Its basic and permanent message is: ""Universal love, non-violence and peace. Universal love is better than egoism, non-violence is better than violence, and peace is better than war"". In Navarra the slogan for the 2009 was "above all, we are friends" (Spanish:""Por encima de todo, somos amigos"").
DENIP and World Association of Early Childhood Educators (AMEI-WAECE) collaborate to celebrate this event in the schools of the latter worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20776014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776014" title="Electropop (album)">
Electropop (album)

Electropop is the second studio album by pop/ electronic dance/ hip hop music group Jupiter Rising released by Chime Entertainment on September 11, 2007. The album features the hit dance singles Electropop and Go!.
Critical response.
The album received positive reviews. Lauren Mooney's of URB Magazine review of the album (and Jessie Payo) is very positive:
Before dismissing Jessie Payo as just another pretty face in the mass production of dance tracks, listen to what Jupiter Rising's founder Spencer Nezey has to say, "I know I can trust Jessie. Without her, there would be no Electropop." Sounds serious. In the first single that shares the same title as the album, Jessie sings "I may be your sweet spot/Take me to your candy shop." Layer in some old-school beats and synth and you've got a catchy track that manages to sound fresh and retro at the same time. Splendid. 
Evan Sawdey of PopMatters had this to say about the album:
“Hero” is the big Mariah-styled ballad, but Payo never overuses her pipes like Mimi does: she has the occasional flutter, but that’s it. Her vocal presence is distinct, powerful, and full of personality. Same goes for Nezey’s productions, even though he can’t really decide if he wants to be the next David Foster or the next Timbaland. The excellent “Go!” is Nelly Furtado with a rock edge, and “Foolish” comes off like a great Amy Winehouse B-side (even if its bridge is a little weak). Even with the great moments of genre deviations (like the jazz-pop of “They Say"), Jupiter Rising feels most comfortable when they’re up-tempo. The title track has the flirtatious banter of Furtado’s “Promiscuous”, a ready-made synth club beat, and even gives a slight name drop for 50 Cent’s “Candy Shop”—it’s ridiculous fun. Notice all the name-dropping that’s been going on? Jupiter Rising never pretend to be doing anything profoundly different—they’re just taking the best parts of all their favorite songs and styles and mixing them together into on concise little album. Electropop is far from groundbreaking, but who needs to be revolutionary when you’re having so much fun?
Singles and music videos.
"Electropop".
"Electropop" was released to digital stores on June 19, 2007. The music video was released 3 days after. Electropop charted 15th on the Hot Dance Music/Club Airplay and 17th on "Billboard's" Hot Dance Airplay. The Remixes EP was released November 20, 2007.
"Wicked".
"Wicked Remix EP" was made available for digital download on May 6, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20776038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776038" title="Stop, Look &amp; Listen (Patsy Cline album)">
Stop, Look &amp; Listen (Patsy Cline album)

Stop, Look & Listen is a compilation album released in 1986 consisting of songs recorded by country music artist, Patsy Cline. The album was released on MCA Records. 
"Stop, Look & Listen" was a collection of songs recorded by Patsy Cline at her first record label, Four Star. It was released originally on a record but was then reissued on a CD format in 1988.
It included some songs that were released as singles, such as "Three Cigarettes (In an Ashtray)" and "Ain't No Wheels on This Ship." It also included two songs from her second record label, Decca; "Shoes" and the remake of "A Poor Man's Roses (Or a Rich Man's Gold)."
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="20776039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776039" title="Igor Chumak">
Igor Chumak

Igor Vladimirovich Chumak (, born 1 April 1964 in Vladivostok) is a Russian team handball player. He became Olympic champion in 1988 with the Soviet Union national handball team, and in 1992 with the Unified Team.

</doc>
<doc id="20776042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776042" title="Gerry Shea">
Gerry Shea

Gerald Joseph "Gerry" Shea (October 26, 1881 – May 3, 1964) was a Major League Baseball catcher. Shea played for the St. Louis Cardinals in . In 2 career games, he had one hit in six at-bats. It is unknown which hand he batted with and he threw right-handed. 
Shea was born in Omaha, Nebraska, and died in Berkeley, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="20776051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776051" title="Guillaume Ducatel">
Guillaume Ducatel

Guillaume Ducatel (born 21 January 1979 in Bully-les-Mines, Pas-de-Calais) is a French football midfielder currently playing for French Ligue 2 side US Boulogne.
Career.
Ducatel began his career as part of the youth academy at French club RC Lens. He left the club in 2000, to join Championnat de France Amateurs side ES Wasquehal. Later that year, he joined French second tier club US Boulogne.

</doc>
<doc id="20776074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776074" title="Andy Mitchell (footballer born 1907)">
Andy Mitchell (footballer born 1907)

Andrew Mitchell (born 20 April 1907 - 3 December 1971) was an English footballer. He was born in Coxhoe, County Durham. He played for Manchester United, Coxhoe Albion, Ferryhill Athletic, Crook Town, Sunderland, Cockfield, Notts County, Darlington, and Hull City as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="20776090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776090" title="Klaus Aeffke">
Klaus Aeffke

Klaus Aeffke (born 9 May 1940) is a retired German rower who was most successful in the eights. In this event he won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics, a world title in 1962, and three European titles in 1963–1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20776098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776098" title="Ben Morton">
Ben Morton

Benjamin W. Morton (28 August 1910 – November 1962) was an English professional footballer. His regular position was as a forward.
Born in Sheffield, Morton began his career with Stourbridge before joining Wolverhampton Wanderers in February 1933. He then joined Manchester United via a short spell back at Stourbridge in May 1935. His only game for United came against West Ham United on 16 November 1935, and he left to join Torquay United in May 1936.
In October 1937, he was transferred to Swindon Town for a then-club record fee of £1,000, and during the following season (1938–39) he was the top scorer of the Third Division South with 28 goals.
He was a regular in the Swindon side until the outbreak of war and remained with the club. He played once during the 1945-46 season before leaving in 1945 to rejoin Stourbridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20776109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776109" title="Hans-Jürgen Wallbrecht">
Hans-Jürgen Wallbrecht

Hans-Jürgen Wallbrecht (8 August 1943 – 7 December 1970) was a German rower who was most successful in the eights. In this event he won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics, a world title in 1962, and three European titles in 1963–1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20776111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776111" title="George O'Brien (1900s footballer)">
George O'Brien (1900s footballer)

George O'Brien (born "unknown" - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He played for Manchester United during 1901 and 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="20776113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776113" title="Primera Air">
Primera Air

Primera Air is a Danish Leisure Airline which was founded in 2003 as JetX. Primera Air Scandinavia has its headquarters in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Originally it was established in Iceland and operated under an Icelandic AOC. It is since 2008 wholly owned by Primera Travel Group. Primera Air Scandinavia is a member of the Primera Travel Group (which includes Solresor, Bravo Tours, Lomamatkat, Heimsferðir and Solia), and its primary goal is to provide air travel services to the leisure market. As a dynamic company it has grown at a steady pace in recent years, and now offers flights from Scandinavia to over 70 destinations in the Mediterranean, Asia, the Caribbean, and the Atlantic. In 2009 Primera Air established the subsidiary Primera Air Scandinavia under a Danish AOC.
Charter Flights.
Primera Air provides charter services for the following companies:

</doc>
<doc id="20776122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776122" title="Klaus Behrens">
Klaus Behrens

Klaus Behrens (born 3 August 1941) is a retired German rower who was most successful in the eights. In this event he won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics, a world title in 1962, and three European titles in 1963–1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20776128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776128" title="Bill Owen (footballer)">
Bill Owen (footballer)

William "Bill" Owen (born 17 September 1906 in Northwich – 26 March 1981) was an English footballer. His regular position was as at outside left. He began his career with non-league sides Northwich Victoria and Macclesfield Town before playing in the Football League for Manchester United, Reading, Exeter City and Newport County.

</doc>
<doc id="20776133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776133" title="Jürgen Schröder (rower)">
Jürgen Schröder (rower)

Jürgen Schröder (born 6 March 1940) is a retired German rower who was most successful in the eights. In this event he won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics and two European titles in 1964–1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20776148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776148" title="Albert Prince (footballer)">
Albert Prince (footballer)

Albert J Prince (born 1895, date of death unknown) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Smallthorne, Staffordshire. He played for Manchester United and Stafford Rangers

</doc>
<doc id="20776149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776149" title="Jürgen Plagemann">
Jürgen Plagemann

Jürgen Plagemann (born 28 December 1936) is a retired German rower who was most successful in the eights. In this event he won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics, a world title in 1962, and two European titles in 1963–1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20776151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776151" title="Eleri Siôn">
Eleri Siôn

Eleri Siôn (; born Eleri Jones in 1971) is a Welsh radio and television presenter.
Born and raised on a farm in Neuaddlwyd, Aberaeron, she was educated at Ysgol Uwchradd Aberaeron.
After training and working as a singer and part-time presenter of children's television programmes, she started studying the Welsh language at Lampeter University. She then took a two years break in order to present children's sports programme "Cracabant" before finishing her degree at Cardiff University. Having played rugby union at both universities, and captained Cardiff Ladies for a year, she joined the sports department of BBC Radio Wales in 1995, becoming the first woman to report on rugby for the station.
After graduation she worked as a television producer with production company Apollo, on programmes such as "Noc Noc", "Song for wales" and "Dudley." She returned to sports in 1997 as a sub-producer and presenter on "The Rugby Club." She then introduced various series, including Seven a Side Rugby World Games, Irish Rugby, World Championship netball and roller-hockey World Championships. During this period she also presented "Grand Slam" with Dylan Ebenezer on BBC Radio Wales. This led to production and presentation work on Sky Sports on its darts and pool coverage.
Siôn then presented a number of non-sports programmes on S4C, including talent programme Wawffactor, "Pavillion," the "Eisteddfod," and presented "The Big Wedding" with Rhodri Owen. After becoming part of the posse on Jonathan Davies S4C Friday evening show "Jonathan," she presented her own chat-show "Cadair Fawr Eleri Sion (Eleri Sion's Big Chair)."
Siôn currently presents the afternoon radio show on BBC Radio Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="20776163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776163" title="Thomas Ahrens">
Thomas Ahrens

Thomas Ahrens (born 27 May 1948) is a retired German coxswain who was most successful in the eights. In this event he won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics, a world title in 1962, and two European titles in 1963 and 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20776165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776165" title="Fuxian Lake">
Fuxian Lake

Fuxian Lake () stretches out through Chengjiang County, Jiangchuan County and Huaning County in Yunnan Province, spanning an area of 212 square kilometers. The lake is ranked third largest in Yunnan, after the Dianchi Lake and the Erhai Lake. Also the deepest lake in Yunnan, it is 155 meters deep at its greatest depth. It is also the third deepest fresh water lake in China after Tianchi Lake and Kanas Lake.
Flora and fauna.
Fuxian Lake is known for its unique fauna, including many endemic species. However, its relative isolation makes it vulnerable to biological invasions and pollution.
In total, there are 25 native fish species in the lake, including 12 endemics. Situation for many of these is precarious because they have been negatively impacted by introduction of exotic species of fish, habitat degradation, water pollution, and overfishing. The table below lists endemic species, all cyprinids, that have declined strongly; some of them may already be extinct.
A fungus "Dyrithiopsis lakefuxianensis" growing on submerged wood has been collected and described as a new species to science from Fuxian Lake, as suggested by its scientific name.
Lost city.
In 2001 it was reported that earthenware and stonework covering an area of approximately 2.4-2.7 square kilometres had been discovered beneath the lake. Carbon dating circa 2007 confirmed an age of 1750 years, or approximately 257AD. It is thought that the remains may represent buildings from the ancient Dian Kingdom that slid in to the lake during an earthquake.
Notable Sites.
West.
There are two major sites on the west of the lake, a military base at Lijiashan (speculated to be used for submarine testing and other forms of nautical engineering), and a tourism resort nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="20776168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776168" title="Zargo Touré">
Zargo Touré

Zargo Touré (born 11 November 1989) is a Senegalese football midfielder. He currently plays for the French Ligue 2 side Le Havre AC.
Career.
Zargo was born in Pikine, Senegal. He began his career at homeland club Sporting Dakar in the Senegalese capital.
He joined the US Boulogne in 2008, after interest from Olympique Marseille and En Avant Guingamp.
He was assigned the number 29 shirt. He plays alongside compatriots Ibrahima Sané – whom he lives with, and Mame N'Diaye, who is on loan from Marseille.

</doc>
<doc id="20776178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776178" title="Nándor Bezzeg">
Nándor Bezzeg

Nándor Bezzeg (12 May 1971) is a Hungarian darts player.
Career.
Bezzeg reached the final of the 2007 Austrian Open, losing to Joey ten Berge. He then reached the final of the 2008 Hungarian Open, beating ten Berge in the semis before losing to another Dutchman Mareno Michels. Bezzeg won the 2008 Austrian Open, beating another Dutchman Davy Verkooijen in the final.
One month after his Austrian Open success, Bezzeg won the PDC World East European Qualifying Event, earning him a spot in the 2009 PDC World Darts Championship. He was the first ever Hungarian darts player in either version of the World Darts Championship. He lost to Vincent van der Voort in the first round with a 0-3 whitewash.
Bezzeg represented Hungary with Kristian Kaufmann in the 2012 PDC World Cup of Darts and together they were beaten 3-5 by Canada in the first round. In the following year's event he partnered Meszaros Zsolt but they finished bottom of Group H after losing 0–5 to Belgium and 1–5 to Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20776191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776191" title="Peter Neusel">
Peter Neusel

Peter Neusel (born 19 November 1941) is a retired German rower who had his best achievements in the coxed fours. In this event he won a world title in 1962, a European title in 1963 and a gold medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20776200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776200" title="Bernhard Britting">
Bernhard Britting

Bernhard Britting (born 22 October 1940) is a retired German rower who had his best achievements in the coxed fours. In this event he won a world title in 1962, a European title in 1963 and a gold medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20776205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776205" title="David Evans (rugby player)">
David Evans (rugby player)

David Evans born 19 August 1988 in Swansea, Wales is a rugby union player for Neath RFC.
He has been selected for the current Wales national rugby union team (sevens) 2008/09 squad.

</doc>
<doc id="20776209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776209" title="Joachim Werner (rower)">
Joachim Werner (rower)

Joachim Werner (19 July 1939 – 2010) was a German rower who specialized in the coxed fours. In this event he won a European title in 1963 and a gold medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20776227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776227" title="Chamelea">
Chamelea

Chamelea is a genus of small saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Veneridae, the venus clams.
Species.
Species within the genus "Chamelea" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20776228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776228" title="History of netball">
History of netball

The history of netball can be traced to the early development of basketball. A year after basketball was invented in 1891, the sport was modified for women to accommodate social conventions regarding their participation in sport, giving rise to women's basketball. Variations of women's basketball arose across the United States and in England. At a physical training college in England, the rules of women's basketball were modified over several years to form an entirely new sport: "net ball". The first codified rules of netball were published at the start of the twentieth century, and from there the new sport spread throughout the British Empire.
From the beginning, netball was widely accepted as a sport suitable for women. Domestic netball competitions arose in several countries during the first half of the 20th century. Starting from the 1920s, national associations were formed to organise the sport in netball-playing nations. International matches were played sporadically in the early 20th century, but were hampered by varying rules in different countries.
By 1960, the rules of netball were standardised internationally. An international governing body was formed to oversee the sport globally, now called the International Netball Federation (INF). The second half of the 20th century saw international competition expand, with the sport's premier international competition, the World Netball Championships, starting in 1963. Netball has also been contested at the Commonwealth Games since 1998.
Today, netball is popular in Commonwealth nations, and is reportedly played by over 20 million people worldwide. It remains primarily a women's sport, although male participation is increasing in some countries. Netball is still largely an amateur sport, despite some countries having high local-level participation. Further developments to the sport are being trialled, including a shortened version of the game played in a World Series format; netball is also being advocated for possible inclusion in the Olympic Games.
Origins from basketball.
Netball traces its roots to basketball. Basketball was invented in 1891 by James Naismith, a Canadian physical education instructor working in the United States, who was trying to develop an indoor sport for his students at the YMCA Training School (now Springfield College) in Springfield, Massachusetts. His game was first played in the campus gymnasium on a court roughly half the size of a regulation NBA court today, between two teams of nine players. It was played with a soccer ball that was shot into closed-bottom peach baskets that were nailed to the gymnasium wall.
Women teachers became interested in Naismith's game soon afterwards. Senda Berenson, a physical education instructor at nearby Smith College, read an article on Naismith's game, and in 1892 adapted his game for her female students. Berenson devised rules that maintained feminine decorum and slowed down potentially "strenuous" play. She divided the playing court into thirds, each containing three players per team that could not leave their assigned zone. Players also could not hold the ball for more than three seconds, dribble it more than three times, or snatch the ball from another player. The first game of women's basketball was played in 1892 at Smith College. By 1895, women's basketball had spread across the United States, with variations of the rules emerging in different areas.
Published rules for women's basketball first appeared in 1895, written by Clara Gregory Baer, who was working as a physical education instructor at Sophie Newcomb College in New Orleans during the 1890s. Baer introduced women's basketball to her female students at Sophie Newcomb College as early as 1893. According to the IFNA, Baer received a copy of the basketball rules from Naismith, but she misinterpreted his unclear drawings marking the zones that players could best control, believing that they were restrictions on player movement. Naismith noted that Baer's game was substantially different from his version and recommended that she give her sport a different name. In 1895, Baer published the rules of her game under the name "basquette"; these were the first published rules for women's basketball. The rules of this game were substantially different from Berenson's, although similarly adapted for women's participation. Each player was assigned a zone on court to which they were confined, and so a game with seven players per team was played on a court with seven zones. She also forbade dribbling of the ball and guarding, introduced alternating offensive/defensive roles after each goal was scored, and developed rules to maintain elegant posture among players.
Eventually, the first unified rules of women's basketball were published in the "Spalding Athletic Library Rules for Women's Basket Ball" in 1901, with Berenson as editor and with some rules adopted from Baer's game. Starting from 1918, the rules of women's basketball were gradually rewritten to more closely resemble men's basketball, and today basketball is played under the same rules by men and women. However, a different sport emerged when basketball arrived in England.
"Net Ball" in the British Empire.
Basketball was first introduced to England in 1892 through the YMCA at Birkenhead in Merseyside, although the sport did not gain significant popularity in that country for another two decades. Basketball was also taught at other institutions in England, either by visiting American instructors or by English people returning from visits to North America.
In 1893, Martina Bergman-Österberg informally introduced one version of basketball to her female physical training students at the Hampstead Physical Training College in London, after having seen the game being played in the United States. Madame Österberg advocated physical fitness for women to better prepare them for motherhood and in the wider context of women's emancipation. Basketball was more formally introduced to Madame Österberg's college by an American lecturer, Dr Toles (alternatively spelled "Toll"), in 1895. This version of the game was played with waste paper baskets for goals that were hung on walls; there were also no lines, boundaries, or circles as in the modern game.
The rules of this game were modified at Madame Österberg's college (which moved to Dartford, Kent in 1895) over several years. Substantial revisions were made during a visit in 1897 from another American teacher, Miss Porter, who introduced rules from women's basketball in the United States; the game also moved outdoors onto grass courts, the playing court was divided into three zones, and the baskets were replaced with rings that had nets. By this time, the new sport had also acquired a new name: "net ball". The first codified rules of netball were published in 1900 or 1901 by the Ling Association (later the Physical Education Association), with 250 copies of the rules published. From England, the game of netball was spread to all corners of the British Empire.
In some countries, the sport still retained the name "women's (outdoor) basketball" upon its arrival. "Women's basketball" arrived in Australia reportedly as early as 1897, although most sources agree that it was established in that country around the start of the 20th century. "Women's basketball" arrived in New Zealand in 1906 or 1907 from Australia. By 1909, "netball" was also being played in schools in Jamaica. Netball spread throughout much of the British Empire during the first half of the 20th century.
Development in the early 20th century.
From the start, netball was developed as a women's sport: existing outside the sphere of male-dominated sports, netball did not encounter the initial social opposition that faced women in other sports in the early 20th century. Women's participation in netball in the early 20th century was widely accepted, as the sport avoided physical contact and did not involve male participation. The sport spread substantially through the school systems of many netball-playing countries.
National netball associations were established, starting from the 1920s, to administer various organised netball leagues and organisations on a national level. The first such organisation was the New Zealand Basketball Association, which was formed in 1924. Equivalent organisations were formed in other countries, including the All England Net Ball Association in 1926, the All Australia Women's Basketball Association in 1927, and the Jamaican Netball Association in 1957. In 1949, wheelchair netball was introduced at the Grand Festival of Paraplegic Sport and was played at every festival until 1954.
Competitive netball in the early 20th century mostly comprised local leagues or nationwide domestic tournaments. International competition was initially hindered by variations of rules in different countries. Australia and New Zealand contested the first international game of netball (still called "women's basketball" in both countries) in 1938, when the New Zealand team toured Australia, playing local and state teams as well as the Australian national team. At the time, Australia played seven-a-side netball, while New Zealand played nine-a-side. For these matches, Australian seven-a-side netball was adopted, along with some netball rules from England. In their one encounter for that tour, Australia's national team defeated New Zealand 40–11. England played Scotland and Wales in the first international matches of "netball" in 1949, with England winning 25–3 in both games.
Standardisation and the global game.
Following the 1956 Australian tour of England, the first efforts were made in earnest to establish unifying international rules for netball. These efforts culminated in 1960 with representatives from key netball-playing countries – including England, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Sri Lanka (then "Ceylon"), as well as the West Indies – agreeing on a regularised set of rules, with seven-a-side teams; an international body was also formed to govern the sport globally, called the International Federation of Women's Basketball and Netball (now the International Netball Federation). The sport was referred to as "netball" in most countries, although New Zealand and Australia still used the name "women's basketball"; both countries eventually adopted the name "netball" in 1970.
This meeting also resulted in the creation of a world tournament to be played every four years, now called the World Netball Championships. The inaugural tournament was played in Eastbourne, England in 1963, and tournaments have since been played quadrennially. Since their inception, Australia has dominated the World Championships, winning 10 of the 13 tournaments played. The most recent tournament was the 2011 Championships played in Singapore, with Australia emerging as winners. The next tournament is scheduled for 2015 in Australia.
Expanding international competition.
Following the global standardisation of netball rules, international netball competition expanded during the second half of the 20th century. It was included for the first time in 1985 at the World Games, a sporting competition held every four years for sports that are not contested at the Olympic Games. New Zealand won the inaugural World Games netball competition, and again in 1989. Australia won the third and last World Games netball competition in 1993. Netball has not been included in the World Games since.
During the 1988 Australian Bicentenary celebrations, a youth netball tournament was organised in Canberra involving U-21 teams from around the world on 15–24 July. This tournament proved to be a success, and has continued to be held roughly every four years, presently as the World Youth Netball Championships. Fiji hosted the next tournament in 1992, followed by Canada in 1996, Wales in 2000 and the United States in 2005. The most recent tournament was held in the Cook Islands in 2009, with Australia U21 emerging as champions.
At the 1990 Commonwealth Games in Auckland, netball was included in the programme as a demonstration sport. Netball became a competitive sport in the Commonwealth Games at the 1998 Games in Kuala Lumpur. Australia won the inaugural netball competition in 1998, and again at the 2002 Games in Manchester. New Zealand won the next two netball competitions at the 2006 Games in Melbourne and the 2010 Games in Delhi. Netball has since become a "core sport" at the Commonwealth Games (for women only).
Netball has never been contested at the Olympic Games, nor has it been shown as a demonstration sport. However, netball became an Olympic "recognised sport" in 1995, paving the way for its possible inclusion as a competitive sport in the future. A campaign in England was started in 2008 for netball to be included as a demonstration sport at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, which was supported by British Prime Minister Gordon Brown.
Smaller regional tournaments emerged in the 1990s and early 2000s giving increased competition for second-tier nations, including the Asian Netball Championship and the Nations Cup. Netball has also been included in various smaller multi-sport events, including the Pacific Games, All-Africa Games, World Masters Games and the Arafura Games.
Increased international competition led to the development of the INF World Rankings in 2008, in which the performances of national teams could be compared. Higher-ranked national teams often compete on an annual basis, either in one-off tests or as part of tours. The Australian and New Zealand national teams have traditionally dominated the international game, although England and Jamaica are becoming increasingly competitive against their Antipodean counterparts.
Elite domestic competitions.
Nationwide netball competitions emerged in different countries in the first half of the twentieth century, starting from the 1920s. These were primarily contested between local-level clubs or regions/states. Elite domestic competitions did not emerge until the late twentieth century. These competitions have usually involved franchises rather than club or representative teams, and have focused on gaining a larger profile for the sport, as well as attracting greater sponsorship, investment and media coverage.
The Commonwealth Bank Trophy (CBT) was the first elite domestic competition in Australia, starting in 1997. It succeeded the Mobil League, which was still a state-representative club-based competition. The Commonwealth Bank Trophy was televised on ABC Sport, although coverage was usually limited to a few live games and a weekly highlights series. The competition lasted for eleven years, playing its final season in 2007, after which it was replaced by the ANZ Championship.
New Zealand introduced its first elite domestic competition in 1998, when the previous Coca-Cola Cup, a nationwide domestic competition contested between regional-representative teams, was reorganised into a franchise-based competition, with each franchise incorporating one or more New Zealand regions. After four years, the competition became known as the National Bank Cup (NBC). Unlike its counterpart in Australia, the National Bank Cup received wide media coverage in New Zealand. During this time, netball achieved a higher profile in New Zealand than in Australia. The NBC played its last season in 2007, after which it was replaced by the ANZ Championship.
Britain introduced the Netball Superleague in 2005. It replaced the previous Fisher & Paykel Super Cup, which started in England in 2001, and was established to improve performances on the domestic and international stages. The Superleague started with eight teams, seven from England and one from Wales; a Scottish team was added for the 2008–09 season. Sky Sports began televising the competition in 2006, attracting an overall netball viewing audience of 2.5 million people after its first year, and coinciding with a 6% increase in netball participation at grassroots level in England.
The Commonwealth Bank Trophy in Australia and the National Bank Cup in New Zealand played their last seasons in 2007. Netball Australia and Netball New Zealand convened to replace them with a joint domestic competition to start in 2008, contested between domestic franchises from both nations: the competition became known as the ANZ Championship. For the first time, all matches were telecast live in both countries. Player salaries were increased to a point where the sport is now semi-professional in both countries, with the expectation that the sport will eventually become fully professional.
Present status and future.
The IFNA reports that over 20 million people currently play netball in more than 80 countries, with 74 national netball associations affiliated with the worldwide governing body. It is the most popular team sport for women in Australia and New Zealand, and remains a popular women's sport throughout the Commonwealth of Nations, including in the United Kingdom, South Africa and Jamaica. Television coverage has increased the profile of the sport in countries with elite domestic competitions, but in many cases not to the extent of well-established male-dominated sports. Netball has also yet to reach the status of a fully professional sport in any country.
Further developments to the sport are being trialled. A new shortened version of the sport was announced by the INF in December 2008, which was called "fastnet" (now "Fast5"). Featuring six-minute playing quarters, long-distance shots worth multiple points, and "power plays" in which goals count for double points, the new version of the sport has been likened to cricket's Twenty20. The format is primarily used in the World Netball Series, which was first contested in October 2009 and is held annually. This new competition has been contested between the top six netballing nations, according to the INF World Rankings.
Major international competitions in the immediate future include the 2013 World Youth Netball Championships and the 2014 Commonwealth Games, both held in Glasgow. Fast5 tournaments have emerged in several countries following the introduction of the World Netball Series in 2009. Efforts were also started in England in 2008 advocating netball's inclusion in the Summer Olympic Games programme, either as a demonstration sport or as a fully competitive sport in future Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20776247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776247" title="Faded Love (album)">
Faded Love (album)

Faded Love is a compilation album released by American country music artist, Patsy Cline. The album was released in 1988 under MCA Records and was produced by Allen Reynolds and Don Williams. It was the second compilation MCA released in 1988.
Background.
"Faded Love" is a ten-track collection of songs by Patsy Cline under her second record label, Decca Records. The songs varied from Country and Pop music standards such as the title track and "Anytime," as well as previously unrecorded material such as "Imagine That" and "When You Need a Laugh." The album's title track originally peaked at #7 on the "Billboard Magazine" Hot Country Songs chart and #96 on the "Billboard" Pop Chart in 1963. In addition "He Called Me Baby" peaked at #23 on the "Billboard" Country Chart in 1964. The album was issued on a compact disc at the time of its release. In 1995, the album was reissued on Universal Special Products.
"Faded Love" was on the first Patsy Cline MCA compilations to ever be released on a CD instead of a record. 

</doc>
<doc id="20776262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776262" title="Jürgen Oelke">
Jürgen Oelke

Jürgen Oelke (born 25 November 1940) is a retired German rowing coxswain who had his best achievements in the coxed fours. In this event he won a world title in 1962, a European title in 1963 and a gold medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20776264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776264" title="Dr. Buzzard's Original Savannah Band Meets King Penett">
Dr. Buzzard's Original Savannah Band Meets King Penett

"Dr. Buzzard's Original Savannah Band Meets King Penett" is the second album by the American disco group Dr. Buzzard's Original Savannah Band, released in 1978 by RCA. Although in a similar neo-retro style to the group's successful debut, this album was a lesser commercial success, failing to spawn a major hit single but peaking well on the US Billboard 200 and the R&B chart at #36 and #23 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20776270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776270" title="Frazier–Lemke Farm Bankruptcy Act">
Frazier–Lemke Farm Bankruptcy Act

The Frazier–Lemke Farm Bankruptcy Act was an Act of Congress passed in the United States in 1934 that restricted the ability of banks to repossess farms.
The U.S. 73rd Congressional Senate bill S. 3580 was signed into law by the 32nd President of the United States Franklin Roosevelt.
Background.
Between 1933 and 1936, the United States Congress in conjunction with President Franklin D. Roosevelt passed several economic programs with the goals of giving work (relief) to the unemployed, reform of business and financial practices, and recovery of the economy during The Great Depression.
Roosevelt was interested in farm issues and believed that general prosperity would not return until farming was prosperous. Many different programs were directed at farmers. The first hundred days produced a federal program to raise farm incomes by raising the prices farmers received, which was achieved by reducing total farm output. The Agricultural Adjustment Act created the Agricultural Adjustment Administration (AAA) in May 1933. The act reflected the demands of leaders of major farm organizations, especially the Farm Bureau, and reflected debates among Roosevelt's farm advisers such as Secretary of Agriculture Henry A. Wallace, Rexford Tugwell, Lewis C. Gray and George Peek.
Bankruptcy Law Amendments.
The U.S. 73rd Congressional session passed legislation during June 1934 which amended the Bankruptcy Act of 1898.
The S. 3580 farm bankruptcy law , was enacted on June 28, 1934. The H.R. 5884 corporate reorganization law , was enacted on June 7, 1934.
The Frazier–Lemke Act.
The Frazier–Lemke Farm Bankruptcy Act restricted the ability of banks to repossess farms. The Act amended the previously voluntary Section 75, adding subsection (s). Subsection (s) delayed foreclosure of a bankrupt farmers' property for five years, during which the bankrupt made rental payments. The farmer could then buy back the property at its currently appraised value over six years at 1 percent interest, or remain in possession as a paying tenant.
The S. 3580 bill was named for North Dakota Senator Lynn Frazier and North Dakota Representative William Lemke.
Court case.
The law was challenged by secured creditors, and by May 1935, the Supreme Court reviewed the law in "Louisville Joint Stock Land Bank v. Radford". The Act was ruled unconstitutional because it deprived secured creditors of their property rights in violation of the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution to the Constitution.
Modification and renewal.
Congress responded by enacting the revised Frazier–Lemke Act, naming it the "Farm Mortgage Moratorium Act" in 1935. The terms were modified, limiting the moratorium to a three-year period. The revision also gave secured creditors the opportunity to force a public sale, although the farmer could redeem the sale by paying the same amount.
The law was challenged, but the Supreme Court upheld the law in "Wright v. Vinton Branch of Mountain Trust Bank of Roanoke".
After expiring in 1938, the act was renewed four times until 1949, when it expired. 

</doc>
<doc id="20776279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776279" title="SS Omrah">
SS Omrah

SS "Omrah" was an ocean liner for the Orient Steam Navigation Company built in 1899 for passenger service between the United Kingdom and Australia. During World War I, the ship was taken over for use as a troopship. On 12 May 1918, while headed from Marseilles to Alexandria, "Omrah" was torpedoed and sunk by German submarine from Sardinia. One person aboard "Omrah" died in the attack.

</doc>
<doc id="20776284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776284" title="Springfield Model 1922">
Springfield Model 1922

The Springfield Model 1922 is a .22 caliber bolt action rifle. It features a 24 inch (61 cm) barrel and a 5 round magazine. It was built as a training rifle, designed to mimic the M1903 Springfield rifle for training purposes. It was produced in several different versions until World War II, when shortages of materials made production of a training rifle impractical.
The 1922M1 variant was introduced in 1925. This version had a new bolt head, an improved firing mechanism, modifications to the chambering, and a new rear sight. The stock was also modified to incorporate a flat based pistol grip.
The M1922M1 NRA variant was introduced in 1927. This rifle basically consisted of the improved M1 version's action in the original 1922 version stock. This version was made for civilian use only and was not purchased by the U.S. Military.
The 1922M2 variant was introduced in 1933. This version featured a simplified bolt and a shallower pistol grip on the stock. 

</doc>
<doc id="20776310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776310" title="2009 Canadian Floorball Championships">
2009 Canadian Floorball Championships

The 2009 Canadian Floorball Championships are the third national championships in Canadian floorball. The tournament took place from April 17 to April 19, 2009 in Richmond, British Columbia. The event was organized by the British Columbia Floorball Federation (BCFF), and is sanctioned by Floorball Canada.
All matches took place in the Richmond Olympic Oval, an official venue for the 2010 Winter Olympics.
In conjunction with the event, 3 friendly matches between the men's national floorball teams of India and Canada were played. In addition to that, there was an International Floorball Federation development seminar as well.
See also.
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20776315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776315" title="Ibrahima Sané">
Ibrahima Sané

Ibrahima Simang Sané (born 11 November 1989 in Dakar) is a Senegalese footballer who is currently playing Sudanese Premier League for Division 1 side Al-Hilal Club (Omdurman). He signed for the blue waves from Toulon in June 2012
Career.
Sané began to play in the Senegalese capital of Dakar with Sporting Club de Dakar and moved in summer 2008 to France, who signed for Ligue 1 side US Boulogne and was loaned out to SC Toulon. He plays alongside compatriots Zargo Touré - whom he lives with, and Mame N'Diaye, who is on loan from Marseille.

</doc>
<doc id="20776320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776320" title="John Alkin">
John Alkin

John Alkin (born 17 January 1947 in Rugby, Warwickshire) is a British actor turned spiritual healer.
Alkin is best remembered for two roles: DS Tom Daniels in "The Sweeney" and barrister Barry Deeley in the long running daytime TV drama "Crown Court". He also appeared extensively as a guest star in numerous TV shows such as "Z-Cars", "Timeslip", "Minder" and "Doctor Who".
He left acting in the mid eighties to set up a spiritual healing centre with his wife, Lee Everett Alkin, former wife of DJ and TV comic Kenny Everett.

</doc>
<doc id="20776343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776343" title="Jean-Philippe Javary">
Jean-Philippe Javary

Jean-Philippe Javary (born 10 January 1978) is a retired French professional footballer. He played in his homeland, where he started at hometown team Montpellier, as well as numerous clubs in England and Scotland. He was a midfielder.
Career.
Club career.
Born in Montpellier, France, Javary started his career with his hometown club Montpellier HSC as a junior, where he played nine Ligue 1 games during the 1995–96 and 1996–97 seasons. He was offered a five-year contract at Spanish La Liga side FC Barcelona, although the offer was later withdrawn, and instead joined another Spanish Barcelona-based club RCD Espanyol in June 1998. He returned to France for a period on loan with Ligue 2 club ASOA Valence in the 1999–2000 season, where he played four games.
In January 2000, he joined Scottish Division One side Raith Rovers. He played 11 games with Raith during the latter half of the 2000–01 season. After one more game at the start of the following season, he was signed in August by English Division Two side Brentford for £150,000 by manager–chairman Ron Noades. He played only six games with Brentford, and another four with Plymouth Argyle in English Division Three at the end of the same season.
Javary moved back to Scotland and played a game on trial with Division One side Partick Thistle in October 2001, before he returned to Raith Rovers the following month. He played another seven games with Raith, before he moved back to England, with Sheffield United in Division One on non-contract terms in March 2002, and was given a two-year contract by manager Neil Warnock the following month. He was given a one-month loan spell at Walsall in January 2003, but was suffering from tonsilitis and never played a game. In July 2003, Javary was one of four senior players to be told he could leave the club by Neil Warnock, before he was released from his contract in September 2003; Javary decided to return to France. He played 14 games with Sheffield United, all but one in the league, and scored one goal against Watford.
After a spell with AS Excelsior in the French Réunion Islands, he returned to Scotland in January 2005 with Hamilton Academical again in Division One. He was released by Hamilton during the 2005 summer, after he had played 13 league matches, during which time he scored one goal against Falkirk. After his release he moved back to Réunion, again with Excelsior, and later moved on to FC Avirons.
In 2008, Javary moved to Australia to find an A-League team to continue his career.
International career.
Javary has also played for the French national sides from under 16 to under 19 level. He captained his country's European Youth Championship side in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20776350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776350" title="Dr. Buzzard's Original Savannah Band Goes to Washington">
Dr. Buzzard's Original Savannah Band Goes to Washington

"Dr. Buzzard's Original Savannah Band Goes to Washington" is the third album by disco group Dr. Buzzard's Original Savannah Band. It was the last album recorded by the original line-up. This album was a commercial failure, not making the top 100 on either the Pop or the R&B chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20776361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776361" title="Balasingham Nadesan">
Balasingham Nadesan

Balasingham Nadesan (Tamil:பாலசிங்கம் நடேசன்) was the LTTEs Political Chief from late 2007 until his death in 2009. He used to be the head of Police of the LTTE and was formerly based in Tamil Nadu.
Personal life.
Balasingham Nadesan married a Sinhalese woman when he was a policeman for the Sri Lankan Government in Colombo.He left the Sri Lankan Police and joined the LTTE and becoming the head of the LTTE Police after the Black July riots in 1983 in Colombo.
LTTE.
Balasingham Nadesan was the head of the police for Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam which were established in 1992 in the Jaffna peninsula region of northern Sri Lanka. As police chief, Nadesan oversaw the building of new police stations in the East following the 2002 Ceasefire Agreement brokered by Norway. He also accompanied numerous LTTE delegations overseas. Later on he became the head of the political division after S. P. Thamilselvan was killed in an air strike by SLAF.
Death.
Nadesan was killed on 18 May 2009 when the Sri Lankan Army overcame the final stronghold of the Tamil Tiger . It is alleged that Nadesan, his Sinhalese wife and his two children were killed by the Sri Lankan Army even though Nadesan had agreed to surrender in the White Flag incident, however the Sri Lankan government stated that they were shot in the back by their own people, and that the army never executed any individuals.

</doc>
<doc id="20776363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776363" title="2007–08 Turkish Cup">
2007–08 Turkish Cup

Fortis Turkey Cup 2007–08 was the 45th edition of the annual Turkish Cup. Kayserispor were the champions.

</doc>
<doc id="20776364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776364" title="Tony Ayres (darts player)">
Tony Ayres (darts player)

Tony Ayres (born 17 June 1967) is an English darts player who plays for the Professional Darts Corporation.
Career.
Ayres' first television exposure came in the 2008 UK Open, reaching the last 64 stage where he lost 9–0 to Raymond van Barneveld.
Ayres qualified for the 2009 PDC World Darts Championship, taking one of eight qualification spots at the qualifying event in Telford. He defeated Andy Smith in the first round but was beaten in the second round by Andy Hamilton.
Tony Ayres made a name for himself at the 2010 UK Open, where he reached the semi finals and in doing so beating James Wade 10–9, from coming back from 9–8 winning the 18th leg on Wade's throw with an 152 checkout after Wade had missed three matchdarts and then taking the match on double 20. In the semi final he was defeated 10–3 to Scotsman Gary Anderson. Tony Ayres won £10 000 by getting to the semi final which lifted him from 57th to 49th in the Order of Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="20776375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776375" title="NGC 35">
NGC 35

NGC 35 is a spiral galaxy in the Cetus constellation.

</doc>
<doc id="20776387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776387" title="Isomorph Records">
Isomorph Records

Isomorph Records, also known as Isomorphs, is an independent record label based in London. The label is run by acclaimed designer, illustrator and entrepreneur Kate Moross. 
Launched in November 2007, in its first year the label has seen releases from Cutting Pink With Knives, Hearts Revolution, Midnight Juggernauts and Apes and Androids. With each release Moross collaborates closely with the artists in order to create the definitive visual representation of their sound, that encapsulates the bands ideas and Moross’ vision for them. 
Isomorphs has both repackaged existing music and discovered and released original tracks. Never releasing digitally or printing over 500 copies, Moross describes these records as, “a series of artists prints that you can listen to.”
Next year will see Isomorphs grow to encompass a publishing house for forthcoming books designed by Kate Moross as well as a music merchandise clothing label. 
Most of the catalogue is available online from http://www.isomorphs.com, and they are also stocked at a number of handpicked shops and boutiques from Scotland to San Francisco, including Rough Trade, Pure Groove, Colette, pop-up shops and ice-cream trucks.

</doc>
<doc id="20776398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776398" title="Petr Čermák">
Petr Čermák

Petr Čermák (born December 24, 1942) is a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague.
In 1964 he was a crew member of the Czechoslovak boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event.
Four years later he finished fifth with the Czechoslovak boat in the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20776405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776405" title="Chamelea gallina">
Chamelea gallina

Chamelea gallina is a species of small saltwater clam, a marine bivalve in the family Veneridae, the venus clams.
Taxonomy.
Carl Linnaeus originally described "Venus gallina" from the Mediterranean Sea in 1758. Other zoologists may have consequently assumed that da Costa's 1778 "Pectunculus striatulus" was a different northern species. However, Linnaeus afterwards mentioned that his "V. gallina" also occurs in "". Following Dodge in 1952, the name "Chamelea gallina" is considered to be valid. There are now two recognised subspecies: the Mediterranean" C. g. gallina", and the Atlantic "C. g. striatula".
Characteristics.
The shell is solid and thick, with two equal sized valves and up to five centimetres long. It is broadly triangular but asymmetrical, having a round anterior margin but a somewhat elongated posterior. The periostracum is thin and the ligament connecting the two valves is narrow. The lunule is short and heart-shaped, light brown with fine radiating ridges. The shell is sculptured with about fifteen concentric ridges. The colour is whitish, cream or pale yellow, sometimes shiny, and usually with three red-brown radiating rays.
Distribution.
"Chamelea gallina" occurs on Eastern Atlantic coasts, from Norway and the British Isles, Portugal, Morocco, Madeira and the Canary Islands. It is also found in the Mediterranean Sea and the Black Sea and is abundant in the Adriatic Sea.
Biology.
"Chamelea gallina" lives under the surface of clean and muddy sand at a depth of between five and twenty metres. It is a filter feeder, taking in a variety of microalgae, bacteria and small particles of detritus.
Uses.
This species is used for food. In 1995 the total recorded catch was 42,000 tons with the largest catches being taken by Italy and Turkey. The shells are mostly caught with dredges but some bottom trawling is done and some aquaculture takes place in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20776406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776406" title="Albino Ballerina">
Albino Ballerina

Albino Ballerina is a song by English indie rock band "Sweet Jesus". It was released (along with B-side "Your Baby Loves Me") in 1992 through the Birmingham-based record label Chapter 22.
Although the band's earlier material was produced by Ray Shulman (previously of Gentle Giant and The Sugarcubes), "Albino Ballerina" was produced by John Rivers at Woodbine Studios in Leamington Spa.
Personnel.
The single was the first release by the band featuring bassist Gavin Priest, following the departure of Dave Priest. Producer John Rivers engineered the record in Leamington Spa's Woodbine Studios, shortly after their installation of a digital ProTools system (being the first studio in Europe to use such a system for multitrack recording).
Critical reception.
The single was released through "Chapter 22 Records" (catalogue number CHAPCD70), a label that worked with the band following the demise of the group's previous label, Rough Trade. This relationship did not last however, and Albino Ballerina proved to be Sweet Jesus's last release. Although the group recorded and release further material through alternative labels and under different names, none of these achieved similar acclaim and the group officially disbanded.
Upon release, the song was chosen by radio DJ and music journalist Mark Radcliffe as the "Single of the Year" for his 1992 NME end-of-year roundup. This was tied in with promotion of the record via an interview on Radcliffe's Hit The North show in October 1992, which saw the band partially sharing the programme with Hank Marvin.
Although the single was not submitted for entry, it won Gary Crowley's "Demo Crash Contest" on Greater London Radio (now BBC London 94.9) on three consecutive occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="20776407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776407" title="Del Paddock">
Del Paddock

Delmar Harold Paddock was a Major League Baseball third baseman. He played part of the 1912 season in the majors with two different teams, the Chicago White Sox and the New York Highlanders.
Paddock began his professional baseball career as a pitcher with the Vancouver Beavers of the Northwestern League in . After two years with Vancouver, he was converted to an infielder in while playing for the Calgary Bronchos of the Western Canada League. He was purchased by the White Sox from the Dubuque Hustlers of the Illinois–Indiana–Iowa League after the 1911 season.
After the 1912 season, Paddock returned to the minor leagues with the Rochester Hustlers, who purchased him from New York. Starting that season, he spent the rest of his career primarily as an outfielder, although he did pitch briefly for the Mitchell Kernels of the South Dakota League in . He retired after the 1921 season, which he spent with the Sioux City Packers of the Western League.

</doc>
<doc id="20776409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776409" title="George Streisinger">
George Streisinger

George Streisinger (December 27, 1927- August 11, 1984) was a molecular biologist at the University of Oregon. He was the first person to clone a vertebrate, cloning zebra fish in his University of Oregon laboratory. He also pioneered work in the genetics of the T-even bacterial viruses. In 1972, along with William Franklin Dove he was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship award, and in 1975 he was selected as a member of the National Academy of Sciences, the second Oregonian to receive the distinction. The University of Oregon's Institute of Molecular Biology named their main building "Streisinger Hall" in his honor.
Personal History.
George Streisinger was born in Budapest, Hungary, on December 27, 1927. In 1937, his family left Budapest for New York to escape Nazi persecution. Streisinger attended New York public schools and graduated from the Bronx High School of Science in 1944. He obtained a B.S. degree from Cornell University in 1950, and a Ph.D. from the University of Illinois in 1953. He completed postdoctoral studies at the California Institute of Technology from 1953 to 1956. He married Lotte Sielman in 1949. Streisinger accepted a post at the University of Oregon Institute of Molecular Biology in Eugene in 1960.
Streisinger was well known as an innovative professor in and out of the classroom, conscripting a dance class to illustrate protein synthesis, and often requested beginning and non-major biology students. He was very politically active, organizing grass-roots resistance to the Vietnam war and legislative opposition to John Kennedy's civil defense program. He testified to successfully ban mutagenic herbicides in Douglas fir reforestation, and led and won a battle to exclude secret war department research from the University of Oregon campus.
His wife, Lotte, is a noted artist and community activist, and the founder of the Eugene Saturday Market, the inspiration for the Portland Oregon Saturday Market.
Research.
Following his graduation from Cornell, George under- took graduate studies in the genetics of T-even coliphage with S. E. Luria in the Bacteriology Department of the University of Illinois. His studies revealed phenotypic mixing, in which a phage with a host-range genotype of one phage type was found in a particle who was phenotypically dissimilar. When published in 1956, these studies had profound impact on the study of viral biology. 
During his postdoc at CalTech, with Jean Weigle, he undertook further studies on T2 × T4 hybrids, which led to the discovery of DNA modification (by glucosylation). 
At the University of Oregon, Streisinger pioneered the study of zebrafish in his lab. Zebrafish can be genetically modified easily, and researchers can modify them to mimic the traits of certain diseases. In analyzing these created diseases, scientists seek solutions to diseases which affect humans. Over 5,000 researchers in 450 labs throughout 31 countries study zebrafish, and many of them received their initial training at the University of Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="20776416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776416" title="Otto Malpense">
Otto Malpense

Otto Malpense is the main character of the H.I.V.E. series of books by Mark Walden.
Fictional Character Biography.
Otto is the main character of the series H.I.V.E. In the beginning of the series he is 13 years old. Hailing from England, he was orphaned at birth and left at the doorstep of an orphanage called St. Sebastian's. As a toddler he would pick up books and would stare at the words and absorb the information. By the time he was barely in his preteens, Otto smoothly ran St. Sebastian's as the official leader of St. Sebastian's was very weak minded and due to him knowing what they were studying in school and acting arrogantly towards the teachers he had the leader of St. Sebastian's "tutor him". In reality he was free to do what he wanted and the leader could use the money she was given to use however she wanted.
Soon after he found out that the Prime Minister wanted to cut funding for many orphanages throughout Great Britain, mostly in the slum areas which is where St. Sebastian was. Otto, in an attempt to ruin the PM's credibility and keep the money flowing, builds a robotic mind control device. On the 13th anniversary that he was left at the orphanage (which he celebrates as his birthday) he uses the robotic device and publicly shames the British Prime Minister by forcing him to insult himself and his minsters. Also he forces him to moon the audience. Immediately after the PM mooned everyone during what would be his last press conference, Otto is knocked out by Nero's most trusted Agent, Raven, and is taken to HIVE. On the helicopter he meets Wing who would later be his roommate and best friend. Not wanting to stay at H.I.V.E. for the required six years, he immediately begins forming a plot to escape. Wing goes on board with the idea along with two other friends, Laura and Shelby.
Otto has displayed an odd ability near the end of the Overlord Protocol where his conscious mind is subdued and his unconscious commands his hands to type a series of commands in the H.I.V.E.Mind that would have normally taken three hours to put in. He gets kidnapped in Dreadnought and is controlled throughout Rogue by an organic substance (Animus) that allows him to be programed by H.O.P.E and attempts to kill his friends on several occasions but blacks out before he can kill them. In Escape Velocity, he finds out that he has the ability to interface with any digital technology and control it, and that he is a clone of Number One (explaining his white hair and his ability to absorb information). In Dreadnought he further develops his abilities and eventually saves the president of America. This gets him captured by H.O.P.E., a brutal security force who are actually evil, who use him as a slave by pumping him full of Animus fluid. In Rogue, Otto is a slave to H.O.P.E. who now goes after and starts killing people in the committee in G.L.O.V.E. Darkdoom announces that Otto has to be executed, but Nero sends Raven and Wing to bring him back. Meanwhile, Laura and Cypher look at a new computer system that is faltering H.I.V.E.'s system, which was really H.I.V.E. Mind coming back online. They manage to save Otto and get the Animus fluid out of him, while in the process, killing H.O.P.E.'s leader, Jason Drake and Cypher. It was now learned that Overlord is after Otto to make him his new permanent home. In Zero Hour, Raven gets infected by Animus and takes Otto, Wing, Laura, Shelby, Franz, Nigel, and Lucy hostage. They were all saved and taken to the Megalodon submarine with Alpha Stream Alumni where they plan out how to end the battle. They save Raven from the Animus, defeat Overlord, stop the supposed Nanites from getting lose, and save them all. In the process, Lucy dies for Otto as a sacrifice. The battle isn't over yet though. The Disciples, which is a group that supported Overlord is still out there, and they need to be stopped. In Aftershock, the members of G.L.O.V.E. are furious that Nero was planning to take out G.L.O.V.E., so they sabotage him and his school by joining the Disciples. Chief Dekker, the head of security for H.I.V.E., is a part of the Disciples, and blackmailed Laura to betray her friends for her family's safety. The Disciples murder Alpha students and take Laura, Nigel, Tom, and Penny hostage in the hands of Anastasia Furan. Since Otto was partly involved without knowing he was, he was expelled from H.I.V.E., but he is allowed to return if he, H.I.V.E. Mind, and Raven can bring back the Alpha students. 
There are strong hints that Otto may have a romantic interest in his friend Laura Brand at the school. At the beginning of Zero Hour he starts a romantic relationship with Lucy Dexter, although in the end of the book, she is shot. In the next book Aftershock, Laura questions Otto if what he whispered to her one day was true or not. Turns out, Otto whispered "I love you" to Laura as he lay close to death, as Laura shares the same feelings for Otto. Otto shares with her that even though he seemed interested in Lucy Dexter, he always had romantic interests in Laura. This was even proven in the first book, Higher Institute of Villainous Education, when they were talking to each other, and Otto claimed that she was a pretty red-haired Scottish girl with some of the most amazing green eyes he has ever seen.
Otto's name comes from his experiment number 0110 given to him by Overlord (something he found ironic).
Besides mentioning that Otto's name came from his friend's cat, Mark Walden has made no announcements on the origin of Otto's characteristics.

</doc>
<doc id="20776421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776421" title="Sexually induced sneezing">
Sexually induced sneezing

Sexually induced sneezing is a phenomenon characterized by sneezing during orgasm or sexual arousal.
Symptoms.
The person experiences sneezing as a result of sexual thoughts, arousal, intercourse, or orgasm. Sneezing occurs independent of external nasal stimuli or allergens, and may occur at any point during a sexual experience. Both men and women are affected by the phenomenon.
History.
The phenomenon was noted as early as 1897 in John Noland Mackenzie's remarks before the British Medical Association at a meeting in Montreal. It was later commented upon in print in 1901 in Gould and Pyle's "Anomalies and Curiosities of Medicine":
In 2008, Dr Mahmood Bhutta and Dr. Harold Maxwell performed the first full-scale investigation of the phenomenon. Before their research, the most recent mention in published research was a letter to the "Journal of the American Medical Association" in 1972, which involved a 69-year-old man who had bouts of severe sneezing after orgasm. The two doctors noted that men and women often sought help or explanations for the disorder on Internet chat rooms and forums. Bhutta stated that these people often felt embarrassed bringing up the disorder with a doctor, and were more comfortable seeking advice anonymously. The Internet, he stated, could potentially be a new tool for medical researchers to investigate unusual or embarrassing symptoms that patients might not be comfortable discussing with their physicians.
Causes.
Dr. Mahmood Bhutta, an otorhinolaryngologist at John Radcliffe Hospital, states that sexually induced sneezing may be genetically determined, and may result from the way the central nervous system is wired:
"reflex demonstrates evolutionary relics in the wiring of a part of the nervous system called the autonomic nervous system. [... This is the part beyond our control, and which controls things like our heart rate and the amount of light let in by our pupils. [...] Sometimes the signals in this system get crossed, and I think this may be why some people sneeze when they think about sex."
Another possible explanation concerns the existence of erectile tissue in the nose, which may become engorged during sexual arousal, triggering a sneeze.
Treatment.
Nasal decongestants may prevent sexually induced sneezing.

</doc>
<doc id="20776423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776423" title="Jan Mrvík">
Jan Mrvík

Jan Mrvík (born March 29, 1939) is a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague.
In 1964 he was a crew member of the Czechoslovak boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20776432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776432" title="Grégory Thil">
Grégory Thil

Grégory Thil (born 15 March 1980 in Creil) is a French football striker. He currently plays for Dijon FCO.
Career.
Thil began his career at AS Beauvais. In 2005, he moved to the French side US Boulogne, then playing in Ligue 2, and was handed the number 10 shirt. He spent his career playing for Boulogne over the six years, making 165 appearances with 79 goals. On 1 June 2011, Thil moved to the newly promoted Ligue 1 side Dijon FCO.

</doc>
<doc id="20776439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776439" title="Július Toček">
Július Toček

Július Toček (September 29, 1939 – October 7, 2004) was a Slovak rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Margecany and died in Winterthur, Switzerland.
In 1964 he was a crew member of the Czechoslovak boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20776444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776444" title="Ryantown">
Ryantown

Ryantown was an RTÉ Television light entertainment show hosted by Gerry Ryan that was broadcast on Saturday evenings for one season between 1993 and 1994. It was set in Gerry Ryan's house in the fictional Ryantown. The show was broadcast during the autumn-spring season.
History.
Following on from an earlier Saturday night show "Secrets", RTÉ devised a new vehicle for Gerry Ryan. The target audience for Ryantown was teenagers and twenty-somethings. Producer Julie Parsons described it as a "family show" set in a house in which "neighbours drop in and people sit around and cook and watch TV" with the TV content being provided by Ryantown News, with its anchor Reggie Ryan, Gerry Ryan’s "twin brother." Each week a real couple’s wedding video was featured and Brendan Donoghue did surprise outside broadcasts. The show was described as "Secrets 2" and a mixture of "Noel's House Party" and "The Big Breakfast".
Production.
"Ryantown" was broadcast on RTÉ One on Saturday evenings from 7:05 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. The show was recorded on the previous Tuesday before broadcast in Studio 1 in the RTÉ Television Centre at Donnybrook, Dublin 4.
Criticism.
Described as a "dog's dinner" and derided as "the low-point of Gerry Ryan's TV career which has never hit the heights", the show's main running gag was that Ryan had a disobedient dog. Brenda Donoghue would arrive on the doorsteps of householders with a roving camera and there was also an identity parade dubbed "Who's Married to Who?". "Ryantown" was named thereafter as one of the "Top 10 Worst Irish TV Programmes" by the "Irish Independent" and Ryan was later to admit that it was all horribly "half-baked" and "should have been taken off the air after a few shows". .
The presenter describes "Ryantown" as "the worst television experience I've ever had in my entire life", with producer Julie Parsons (who had previously worked on "The Gay Byrne Hour") nearly having a nervous breakdown, according to Ryan. He described RTÉ as "extremely unhelpful". "Suggestions would arrive at our production meetings: maybe Gerry should wear a hat. Maybe Gerry should sit down. Maybe Gerry should run around more." Ryan unsuccessfully pleaded with RTÉ to cancel midway through the series.

</doc>
<doc id="20776468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776468" title="Kattowitzer Volkswille">
Kattowitzer Volkswille

Kattowitzer Volkswille ('Kattowitz/Katowice People's Will'), generally called just Volkswille, was a German-language Social Democratic newspaper published from Kattowitz (today Katowice). The newspaper was founded in 1916 by the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) politician Otto Braun. Initially, the newspaper carried the devise 'Upper Silesian Free Press - Organ of the Upper Silesia Agitation District of the Social Democratic Party of Germany'.
As Kattowitz/Katowice was transferred to Poland after the Silesian Uprisings, the devise of the newspaper was changed to 'Organ of the German Social Democratic Party of Poland for the Working People'. "Volkswille" became the central party organ of the German Social Democratic Party of Poland (DSPP), which had been formed out of the remains of SPD, USPD and SDAPÖ branches in areas that were now within the Polish republic. As Upper Silesia was divided between Germany and Poland, a new SPD organ ("Oberschlesisches Volksblatt") was founded in the parts of Upper Silesia that remained in Germany.
When the DSPP merged into the German Socialist Labour Party in Poland (DSAP), "Lodzer Volkszeitung" became the new central party organ of the unified party. "Volkswille" continued to published though, being the DSAP organ in Katowice. In January 1931 the Bielsko DSAP organ "Volksstimme" was, due to lack of funds, merged into "Volkswille".
In 1933, "Volkswille" was converted from a daily to a weekly newspaper. The cause was rather simple, the German "Machtübernahme" meant that financial subventions from Germany for "Volkswille" ceased. In 1935 all DSAP organs were merged into one, "Volkszeitung-Volkswille-Volksstimme", published from Lodz.
Editors.
Karl Okonsky became editor of "Volkswille" on December 12, 1918. Between 1922-1924 the editor was Dr. Wilhelm Wolf, chairman of AfA-Bund. From 1924 to 1935 the DSPP chairman Johann Kowoll served as the "Volkswille" editor.
Edition.
In January 1928 "Volkswille" was estimated to have a daily circulation of about 1,800-1,900. By 1932, the daily circulation had risen to around 4,000-5,000. But soon thereafter, circulation shrunk. In August 1933, the now-weekly newspaper had around 1,200 subscribers. Around 800 of them lived in the Katowice area and 400 in Bielsko.

</doc>
<doc id="20776469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776469" title="Kate McMeeken-Ruscoe">
Kate McMeeken-Ruscoe

Kate McMeeken-Ruscoe (born 19 December 1979 in Christchurch, New Zealand) is a female basketball player for New Zealand. At the 2006 Commonwealth Games she won a silver medal as part of the Tall Ferns New Zealand women's basketball team. 
At the age of 3, Kate embarked on a journey to the great land of Whakatane, New Zealand. The locals took to her warm nature, and determination from the outset and she quickly became one of the local celebrities of the Whakatane nightlife, largely because of her prowess on the dancefloor when it came to doing the Haka, and abililty to benchpress whole nightclubs.
Kate realised her dream of making the Olympics for Basketball in 2008 and had to put her aspirations of being the Mayor of Whakatane on the back burner as she pursued a Gold medal. On the day she left for Beijing, the local Mayor Glen Cook declared Kate's birthday a Public Holiday whereby all inhabitants of the local area must get together and work through Leadership and Coaching courses.
Since her retirement from Basketball, Kate has become "the chosen one" (aka Chief Kiwi) of the Gold Coast. She focuses most of her energy on the gang known as G2G (Gateway to Greatness) whereby membership is difficult to attain as they must complete key actions like buying a Commodore and referring to everyone as "Cuzzy bro". Membership is secretive with the only physical signs of some members being larger than normal biceps where they look like they're carrying luggage.

</doc>
<doc id="20776474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776474" title="Richard Nový">
Richard Nový

Richard Nový (born April 3, 1937) is a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague.
In 1960 he was a crew member of the Czechoslovak boat which was eliminated in the semi-finals of the coxed fours event.
Four years later he won the bronze medal with the Czechoslovak boat in the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20776475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776475" title="NGC 36">
NGC 36

NGC 36 is a spiral galaxy in the Pisces constellation.

</doc>
<doc id="20776492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776492" title="Mina Witkojc">
Mina Witkojc

Mina Witkojc (28 May 1893, in Burg – 11 November 1975, in Kolkwitz) was a Sorbian poet. She wrote in the Lower Sorbian language.

</doc>
<doc id="20776506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776506" title="Aria Johnson">
Aria Johnson

Aria Johnson is an American recording artist, songwriter, and actress. In 2007 she starred on NBC’s "Star Tomorrow" for 13 episodes.
She sang her original music and completed 13 out of 14 episodes, almost winning the competition. Aria is co-starring in Beverly Hills Pawn on Reelz Channel in 2013. This is Reelz Channel's number one show on the Network for 2013. 
Biography.
According to her official biography, Aria was born and raised in Newark, California, and later moved to Los Angeles to further her career in music.
Her early influences toward music came from her mother, who is her former manager, and her father, Mike Johnson, a former bass guitarist for the band "Bogus Thunder" and current bass guitarist for "Bad Boy Bruce & the Blues Mob (2007 to current); (Bad Boy Bruce band members include: Bruce Collett, Allan Andersen, Mike Johnson and Matthew Albarico)". As child through her early teen years, Aria Won "Overall Grand Champion" of the California State Talent Competition for vocals every year from 1996 through 2001. In addition, as an early teen, Aria was in a girl group called "Reality", and as a late teen she fronted a band "Lucky Six" that toured California and Las Vegas also performing in San Francisco, San Jose and Los Gatos, and when asked to tour Europe, Hong Kong and China, Aria instead decided to focus on solo efforts and moved to Los Angeles.
Career.
In 2005 Aria recorded a self-titled EP (Extended Play) that was never released to the public, however some of the songs from the EP were licensed: Her song "Beauty" aired on Tyra Banks' "America's Next Top Model"; Two other songs from her EP, "Reason To Believe", and "Bleeding" aired on NBC’s "Star Tomorrow". In 2007, Aria beat the top 92 bands in the country and made it 13 of the 14 weeks in the competition "Star Tomorrow". Of her performance, producer David Foster said. "She sings good, she looks good... she’s got something special", However, it was reported that the offered contract with Warner Brothers was so bad that none of the top three artists wished to sign, even after winning their slots in the competition. Aria also starred in MTV’s "Little Talent Show", along with Kimberly Locke from American Idol and Bryan Dattilo from "Days of our Lives". Aria’s single “Something’s Up Tonight”, was Canada’s Top Dance Pick DDK Dance Charts in 2010.
Somethings Up Tonight was also cited as Best Dance Breakout Song 2010 according to The Masspool DJ Association in Canada. Aria is currently co-starring in a TV series called "Beverly Hills Pawn", by Reelz Channel. Aria is in 36 episodes. 
Influences.
On her "official" Myspace page, Aria relates how her musical influences are Aretha Franklin, Lauryn Hill, Jimi Hendrix, Bonnie Raitt, Etta James, Michael Jackson, Stevie Nicks, Mariah Carey, Donna Summer, The Supremes, Sheryl Crow, and Marvin Gaye, as well as "deep soulful house music". Aria's music includes themes of love, which have been called "mulch-generational, and timeless".

</doc>
<doc id="20776512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776512" title="The Last Sessions">
The Last Sessions

The Last Sessions is a compilation album by American country music artist, Patsy Cline. The album was released in 1988 under MCA Records and was produced by Owen Bradley. The album was a collection material Cline had recorded during her last recording sessions for Decca Records in early 1963.
Background.
The album conatains of ten tracks of material Cline had recorded between February 4–7, 1963, shortly before her death in a plane crash that March. The album contained the major hit, "Sweet Dreams", which would peak at #4 on the "Billboard Magazine" Hot Country Songs chart and #44 on the "Billboard" Pop Chart after her death March 5, 1963. "He Called Me Baby" would also be issued as a single, peaking at #23 on the "Billboard" Country Chart in 1964. "The Last Sessions" primarily included a series of Pop standards from the 1940s and 1950s. Songs such as Irving Berlin's "Always" and Pat Boone's "Love Letters in the Sand" were recorded in February. Four country music standards are also featured, such as Bill Monroe's "Blue Moon of Kentucky" and Ray Price's "Crazy Arms." The album is available on a compact disc, and a cassette tape. The album was remastered and was transferred digitally by Glenn Meadows, Milan Bogdan, Jim Loyd and Benny Quinn at Masterfonics.
The album was given three out of five stars by allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="20776516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776516" title="Emilio Trivini">
Emilio Trivini

Emilio Trivini (born 5 April 1938) is a retired Italian rower who had his best achievements in the coxed fours. In this event he won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics and a bronze at the 1964 European Championships. His team finished fourth at the 1968 Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20776519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776519" title="Lisa Pardon">
Lisa Pardon

Lisa Pardon (born 22 May 1982 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a female basketball player for New Zealand. At the 2006 Commonwealth Games she won a silver medal as part of the Tall Ferns New Zealand women's basketball team.
She currently plays for the Bulleen Boomers women's basketball team, and was acknowledged as having the Best 3-point Shooting Percentage in the WNBL for the 2008/09 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20776521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776521" title="Wilhelm Sissener">
Wilhelm Sissener

Wilhelm Sissener (30 April 1779 - 29 December 1846) was a Belgian-born military leader. He is the originator of the Sissener family of Norway.
Biography.
Colonel Guilliame Sissener was born in Brussels in 1779.
He started his military career as a soldier in Napoleon Bonaparte's army in 1799. After being captured by the Russians, he escaped in 1807 and joined the Royal Danish Lifeguard in Copenhagen. In January 1808, Sissener was promoted to Lieutenant with the 1st. National Infantry Regiment at Trondheim. This is when he took the name Wilhelm, the Norwegian equivalent of Guilliame.
In 1810, another soldier of Napoleon, Jean-Baptiste Bernadotte (1763–1844), was elected King of Sweden, and took the name Karl Johan. In 1814, France's ally Denmark was forced to give Norway up to Sweden.
Sissener benefitted from his common origin with the new King, and rose quickly in the military ranks. In 1814, he was promoted Captain and in 1818 Sissener was transferred to the 1st Akershus Brigade (Akershusiske infanteribrigade). He moved into the historic site of Brensmork in Eidsvoll with his wife Maren Hals, the daughter of a highly ranked soldier.
In April 1837, Wilhelm Sissener became Commandant of Kongsvinger Fortress, and two years later he was promoted to Colonel.
During his life at Brensmork, the Sissener family made close ties to the Wergeland family. The famous Norwegian poet Henrik Wergeland mentions several members of the Sissener family in his poems.
Sissener and King Karl Johan were good friends, and when the King visited Christiania (now Oslo), Sissener was always by his side.
Marriage and children.
He moved into the historic site of Brensmork in Eidsvoll with his wife Maren Hals, the daughter of a highly ranked soldier.
The couple had eleven children:
Death and afterward.
Wilhelm Sissener died 29 December 1846. He is buried in Eidsvoll cemetery.
External links.
Family Website: http://www.sissener.be

</doc>
<doc id="20776526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776526" title="Japanese repatriation from Huludao">
Japanese repatriation from Huludao

The Japanese Repatriation from Huludao (Japanese: 葫蘆島在留日本人大送還 "Koro-tō Zairyū Nihonjin Dai-sōkan" or ) refers to sending back to Japan the Japanese people who were left in Northeast China after the end of World War II in 1945. In this operation, done by the American forces' ships under the auspices of the Republic of China government, over one million Japanese were carried back to their homeland, from 1946 to 1948.
General description.
Immediately after the end of World War II in August, 1945, about 1.5 million Japanese people were left in China, the largest majority of which were in Northeast China, mostly farmers and merchants. Some of the able-bodied men among them were being sent by the Soviet forces to Siberia for forced labor and still other engineers and medical doctors were beginning to be asked for cooperation by the Chinese Communist forces.
To this situation, the Japanese government did almost nothing in the confusion right after the defeat of the war. Three young men from Anshan (Kunio Maruyama, Hachiro Shimpo and Masamichi Musashi) volunteered to report this situation to Japan, who escaped from Manchuria and met with the Japanese government in Tokyo. They later met with General Douglas MacArthur, then the head of the Allied Occupation Forces, who immediately decided on the Japanese repatriation from Huludao. The American forces which were assisting the Chinese Nationalist government sensed this dangerous situation and sent ships on a tripartite operation to: 
Huludao in Liaoning Province at that time was the only strategic seaport and corridor to Northeast China, held by the Nationalist forces, which were battling against the Chinese Communist forces for the control of Northest China.
From May 7, 1946, when this operation began, till August, 1948, when it ended as Huludao was under pressure from the Communist forces, about 1,050,000 Japanese people were repatriated. Many had died in Haerbin, Changchun, Shenyang during the 1945-46 winter before this operation began. Those who reached Huludao in the worst conditions, but died there, were buried in the nearby Cishan mountain (), in their simplest tombs facing east, towards the direction of their homeland.
A stele commemorating this event in the Sino-Japanese history stands on the seaport in Huludao. It cannot be easily visited because its location is in the restricted area, due to Huludao being a strategic submarine base in China.

</doc>
<doc id="20776529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776529" title="Progradation">
Progradation

In sedimentary geology and geomorphology, the term progradation refers to the growth of a river delta farther out into the sea over time. This occurs when the mass balance of sediment into the delta is such that the volume of incoming sediment is greater than the volume of the delta that is lost through subsidence, sea-level rise, and/or erosion. As a result, progradation is most common:
References.
Schlumberger Oilfield Glossary

</doc>
<doc id="20776532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776532" title="Franco De Pedrina">
Franco De Pedrina

Franco De Pedrina (born 27 January 1941) is a retired Italian rower who had his best achievements in the coxed fours. In this event he won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics and a bronze at the 1964 European Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20776543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776543" title="Giovanni Spinola">
Giovanni Spinola

Giovanni Spinola (born 31 July 1935) is a retired Italian rowing coxswain who had his best achievements in the coxed fours. In this event he won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics and a bronze at the 1964 European Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20776553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776553" title="Hostage for a Day">
Hostage for a Day

Hostage for a Day is a 1994 comedic film starring and directed by Canadian comedian and actor John Candy. Though the film is billed as "starring" Candy, it in fact only features him as a minor character, as a Russian hostage taker.
The film centers around a Warren Kooey (played by George Wendt), who, at the age of 41, begins having a mid-life crisis. His plans are to take a trip to the state of Alaska, but his plans are derailed after his wife drains his entire bank account (approximately $40,000) to pay for a remodeling job by famous homebuilder "Hondo" (who appears to be based on model Fabio). Kooey decides to pose as being held hostage by some Russian, and calls the SWAT team on himself (an inept, budget-strapped band of cops led by Don Lake) in an effort to extort $50,000. Things take a turn for the worse when a real Russian hostage-taker (Candy) takes Kooey hostage.

</doc>
<doc id="20776565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776565" title="Michael Barnard (darts player)">
Michael Barnard (darts player)

Michael Barnard (born 8 October 1976) is an English darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation events.
Career.
A winner of the World Youth Masters in 1991, Barnard joined the PDC circuit in late 2003 taking part in UK Open regionals, reaching the semi finals of the Scottish Regional and the quarter finals of the North West Regional. His performances helped him progress to the third round of the 2004 UK Open automatically where he narrowly lost 8-7 to Andy Jenkins. He then reached a semi final in the Midlands Regional for the 2005 UK Open as he entered the third round automatically once more, losing to Roland Scholten. He followed this with a quarter final showing in the Open Holland.
Barnard started his 2006 UK Open campaign in the second round, beating Nigel Langton 8-1. He then beat Lee Palfreyman in the third round to reach the fourth round for the very first time. He was drawn against Ronnie Baxter and lost 11-7. Poor form forced Barnard to begin his 2007 UK Open campaign in the first round where he beat Vernon Shepherd but lost in the second round to Paul Williams. He then lost in the Preliminary Round in the 2008 UK Open, losing to Paul Cooper.
Besides from the UK Open, Barnard had failed to qualify for any of the other PDC majors. This run ended when he won one of eight places to qualify for the 2009 PDC World Darts Championship. He was beaten by Andy Hamilton in round one.
Having finished the 2011 season ranked too low to retain his PDC tour card automatically, Barnard entered the PDC Q School in January 2012. On the second day Barnard earned his tour card for 2012 and 2013 by beating John Bowles 6-2 in the final stage.
In May 2012, Barnard earned a place in the German Darts Championship in Berlin by defeating Adrian Gray and James Richardson in the UK qualifier. He received a bye through the first round when Gary Anderson withdrew and then lost to Co Stompé in round two 6–5. He reached the last 32 of three other ProTour events during 2012, but could never advance beyond this stage. Barnard went into 2013 ranked world number 77.
Barnard failed to qualify for the 2013 UK Open as he finished 115th on the Order of Merit, outside of the top 96 who claimed their places. He reached the main stage of two European Tour events during the year, the first being a 6–2 opening round defeat to Andy Smith at the German Darts Championship. The other was at the Dutch Darts Masters where Barnard defeated Stuart Kellett 6–3 and Kevin Painter 6–4 to record his best finish of 2013 by reaching the last 16. He faced world number two Michael van Gerwen and was defeated 6–1. Barnard once again entered Q School to remain on the PDC Tour as he was ranked 82nd in the world after the 2014 World Championship outside the top 64 on the Order of Merit. His best result during the four days came on the final day when he lost in the last 16 5–3 to Jason Hogg, a result which saw him finish inside the top 24 on the Q School Order of Merit to earn a fresh two-year tour card.

</doc>
<doc id="20776572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776572" title="Hudson-Fulton Celebration">
Hudson-Fulton Celebration

The Hudson-Fulton Celebration from September 25 to October 9, 1909 in New York and New Jersey
was an elaborate commemoration of the 300th anniversary of Henry Hudson’s discovery of the Hudson River and the 100th anniversary of Robert Fulton’s first successful commercial application of the paddle steamer. The maritime achievements of Hudson and Fulton foreshadowed the importance of the river to New York’s progress and identity. Organizers used the event not only to display the success of the two men, but also the status of New York City as a world city and the achievements of its citizens.
The commission.
The Celebration was created and organized by the Celebration Commission, consisting of a large group of wealthy and influential New Yorkers, such as J.P. Morgan, Andrew Carnegie, and others. The Commission, over the course of its long planning period (from 1905-1909), established dozens of committees to oversee every detail of the event, from the Celebration’s official symbols to the role of New York’s children.
New light.
Electricity played a major role in the celebration, as ships and memorials were illuminated over the course of the two-week celebration. The illumination of the naval fleet on September 25 was followed by a display of fireworks in the evening that reflected off the Hudson River. These fireworks were shot over the naval fleet from the Jersey Shore, so that they could be seen from Riverside Park. The Committee commissioned one company to regulate the fireworks; this would not only ensure a uniform display across the State but also, because the company could set off the fireworks in rapid succession, invoke historic memory of the signal fires that Hudson used to navigate along the coast.
The Commission allocated $83,000 from its budget of $934, 447 for a total of 107,152 illuminations, including various types of lights and fireworks, installed for the celebration; in addition to the town halls and bridges, these lights also illuminated the Statue of Liberty, Grant's Tomb, Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument, the Washington Arch, and some museums, like the Brooklyn Institute of Arts and Sciences. A diversity of light was used to electrify the city. For the Celebration alone, 500,000 incandescent light bulbs were installed, in addition to the other 500,000 incandescent lights already in use around the state. 3000 Flare arcs and 7000 arc lights were used, as well, in addition to searchlights, which lit Grant’s Tomb and the Statue of Liberty. Washington Arch and its surrounding streets were festooned with lights.
Parades.
The historical and carnival parades took place between September 25 and October 9, 1909. The historical parade provided a visual education to the city's diverse population and visitors, and the carnival parades conveyed the city’s culture.
The parade consisted of fifty-four floats divided into four divisions, which constituted the "periods" of New York history up to 1909 – the Indian Period, the Dutch Period, the English or Colonial Period, and the American or United States Period, also referred to as the Modern Period. An enormous float preceded all four divisions – this was the title car for the event as a whole. This massive introduction to the parade’s theme depicted "The History of the Empire State," and included, among other things, a canoe and a steamboat, a wigwam and a skyscraper, and the Statue of Liberty.
The Carnival Parade was held later in the week, on the evening of October 2, 1909. It traversed the same route as the Historical Parade. The Carnival Pageant illustrated the great body of Old World folklore that has inspired so much of the beautiful imagery of the poetry, song and drama of all civilized nations. Unlike its sister event, the historical parade, the carnival parade was not divided up into divisions. It did, however, have a grand title car – a dragon spouting flames and carrying a scroll bearing the theme of the parade – "Music, Literature, and Art." The following forty-nine floats proceeded to illustrate what was suggested in the title. There were several straight allegorical floats, portraying "colors," "peace," and "song," and depicting scenes like "The Crowning of Beethoven," a float upon which a bust of the composer was crowned by "Fame," and surrounded by dancing "Muses." But the themes were also represented through mythology. Floats illustrated tales from the Bible, a Queen of Sheba float; from German folklore, floats of Lorelei, the Death of Fafner, and so on; from classical mythology, floats of Medusa and Diana; from fairytales, a fairies float and a Cinderella float; from Egyptian customs, and so on. The culture represented was extensive. The final float of the Carnival Parade brought the focus back to America, with a representation of "Uncle Sam Welcoming the Nations," displaying the hospitality and peaceful desires of the United States.
Both the historical and carnival parades were met with decent success. New Yorkers’ evident enjoyment of the spectacle indicates that the Celebration Commission did its job well. Its messages of continuity, progress, and grandeur were present along with the floats, but it is difficult to evaluate the popular response to these intended lessons. Regardless of whether they understood the Commission’s messages, the audience enjoyed both parades. The crowd itself, delighting in its city, may in fact have been the more important spectacle in New York’s history than the massive floats that depicted it.
Sailing sea and sky.
One way the memories of Hudson and Fulton were honored was in the replication of the Hudson’s Half Moon and Fulton’s Clermont, the sailboat and steamship they navigated on the river. Both vessels were newly constructed, displayed and dedicated with great fanfare, and were included in the Celebration’s grand naval parade, which emphasized the United States’ naval supremacy in the Western Hemisphere. Additionally, the Celebration’s military parade on Manhattan Island showcased American national identity and pride while simultaneously promoting international peace. The celebration also was a display of the different modes of transportation then in existence. The famous RMS Lusitania represented the newest advancement in steamship technology at the time and was likewise put on display in 1909, only six years before it was sunk by a German U-boat in 1915.
The Celebration also included public flights by
Wilbur Wright, who had won world fame with demonstration flights in Europe in late 1908 and spring 1909. Using Governor's Island as an airfield, on September 29 he flew around the Statue of Liberty. On October 4 he made a 33-minute flight over the Hudson River to Grant's Tomb and back, enabling perhaps a million New Yorkers to see their first airplane flight. Glenn Curtiss also appeared, but made only very brief flights, preferring not to challenge the windy conditions.
City history.
Although Hudson, Fulton, and their achievements were the foundation of the Celebration, the Commission also aimed to emphasize the history of New York City and State, from the Native American communities to the metropolitan city of 1909. This narrative was illustrated by the Celebration’s Historical Parade, which depicted four periods of New York history: the Native American Period, the Dutch Period, the English or Colonial Period, and the American or Modern Period.
The Dutch portion of the parade was particularly significant to the Celebration because Dutch contributions to New York history were particularly revered at the time, inspired by a revisionist history movement known as "Holland Mania" sweeping the country. This was made manifest in New York by the creation of the Holland Society of New York, an exclusive club aiming to underscore the Dutch presence in New York, from Dutch values such as religious tolerance to the importance of education.
Education remained important in 1909, and was a distinct aspect of the Celebration Commission’s goals for the event. The Historical Parade, for example, was a way for the Commission to teach the diverse population demographics of New York City—many of whom were recent immigrants – about the history of both the United States and the city in which they now lived. Now more than ever, the children of immigrant families were particularly sought out by the public school system; Progressive reformers considered the education of children, especially the children of immigrants, paramount, because they were seen as the future of New York.
The children of New York had a specialized role in the Hudson-Fulton Celebration. Hundreds of thousands participated in a Children’s Festival, which embraced all nationalities and classes. Even children from marginalized groups like African Americans were allowed to participate. The Children’s Festival employed dances, patriotic displays, and history lessons, which mirrored the civic lessons taught in Lower East Side settlement houses.
Reform.
The Hudson-Fulton Celebration of 1909 was linked to several reform movements sweeping New York City, in addition to Progressivism. These included the Conservation and Preservation movements, which led to the creation of the Historical Preservation Society. This organization worked to restore and establish landmarks and parks; these goals would be seen in the Celebration, in the many dedications of monuments which occurred over the course of the festivities. These monuments promoted the history of the city, and provided, like the Historical Parade, a visual history lesson for New Yorkers. Similar to the Progressives’ City Beautiful Movement, these memorials hoped to develop a unified civic identity for the diverse inhabitants of New York City.
To express New York’s civic identity and its emerging cultural preeminence, the Commission organized a Carnival Parade. Its floats displayed the music, art, and literature of the Old World, in an attempt to link New York to London, Paris, and other European metropolises. This event was a night celebration which illuminated New York, creating an exciting and festive atmosphere.
Culture.
The cultural refinement displayed in the Carnival Parade was just one example of New York’s status as a cosmopolis as displayed on the iconic Fifth Avenue. History and culture were present in the dozens of museum exhibitions designed specifically for the event to attract tourists from Europe and other parts of the United States. As the Carnival Parade’s floats and marchers moved down Fifth Avenue, spectators looked on in awe. They memorialized their visit to New York with postcards from the Celebration, a hobby that consumed America and bolstered the importance and economic development of the America’s postal service. The post office of New York, as well as the city’s transportation system, were integral to the success of the 1909 Celebration, as they served to connect the vast American continent and spread awareness of both the event and the city.
This momentous occasion was much more than the commemoration of Henry Hudson and Robert Fulton – it was also a recreation of New York’s history, a promotion of the City’s culture, a window into the social movements of the time, and an attempt to strengthen New York’s national reputation and international status. The elaborate preparations of the Commission were not in vain; this last great celebration in New York City was appreciated by millions in 1909, and is a success worth remembering today.
A commemorative plate was produced by Royal Doulton China, The "Areo" Plate, which shows Wilbur Wright who flew up the Hudson River for the event, as well as other means of transportation including airships and boats in the river.

</doc>
<doc id="20776578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776578" title="Woods Mill Farm">
Woods Mill Farm

Woods Mill Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Woodsboro, Frederick County, Maryland. It includes the Colonel Joseph Wood House and associated buildings. The house is an unusual example of an 18th-century brick, Georgian style manor house, built about 1770. It is a two-story brick dwelling with a hipped roof and inside end chimneys. The property also includes two distinctive outbuildings: a two-story, two-room stone and brick smokehouse with a gable roof and a brick end barn built about 1830. The original owner of this property was Col. Joseph Wood, founder of Woodsberry (now Woodsboro). 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20776579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776579" title="Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy">
Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy

The Anglo Irish Bank hidden loans controversy (also known as the circular transactions controversy) began in Ireland in December 2008 when the chairman of Anglo Irish Bank, Ireland's third largest bank, admitted he had hidden a total of €87 million in loans from the bank, triggering a series of incidents which led to the eventual nationalisation of Anglo on 21 January 2009. Seán FitzPatrick subsequently resigned his position and was followed within twenty-four hours by the bank's non-executive director, Lar Bradshaw and chief executive, David Drumm. A new chairman of Anglo, Donal O'Connor, was quickly appointed from the board, a move welcomed by the Irish Minister for Finance, Brian Lenihan. A number of investigations have been launched into the reasons behind the three resignations. The Central Bank of Ireland is carrying out a review of the bank's dealings, although its Financial Regulator, Patrick Neary, has also since resigned his position. So too have a number of other chairmen, directors and executives involved with Anglo, Irish Life and Permanent and Irish Nationwide.
Within days of the initial admission, an announcement was made that Anglo Irish Bank would be one of three (alongside Allied Irish Bank and Bank of Ireland) that would be recapitalised by the Irish government. The recapitalisation of Anglo Irish Bank was expected to be effected in mid-January 2009, following an Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM). Lenihan instead unexpectedly announced the nationalisation of Anglo Irish Bank the night before the EGM due to difficulties he encountered with the recapitalisation process. Recapitalisations of the other two banks mentioned were expected by the end of March 2009 but, according to Taoiseach Brian Cowen, were expected to be finalised in early February 2009 at a total of €7 billion. The nationalisation of Anglo Irish Bank on 21 January 2009 followed two more resignations earlier that month. On 7 January 2009, another director, Willie McAteer, resigned, becoming the fourth casualty of the controversy. Two days later the Financial Regulator Patrick Neary retired amidst much criticism over his handling of the affair. After Anglo nationalisation, the Chairman of Irish Nationwide, Dr Michael Walsh, resigned on 17 February, one week to the day that government-appointed directors announced they were investigating a deposit of billions of euro by Irish Life and Permanent, placed in Anglo Irish Bank before the end of its financial year.
Taoiseach Brian Cowen denied claims that he was protecting a "Golden Circle" of wealthy financiers from being identified. This mysterious group of ten businessmen is said to have received loans from Anglo Irish Bank in return for buying shares, in a move designed to keep the bank afloat.
Background.
Starting in 1986, Seán "Seanie" FitzPatrick spent eighteen years as chief executive of Anglo Irish Bank, during which time the bank grew from a small operator into the third-largest bank in Ireland. When he became the bank's chairman in 2005, handing over the position of chief executive to David Drumm, the bank was recording annual profits of over €500 million. The Anglo share price peaked at €17.60 in May 2007, an increase from under €1 ten years previously. Anglo was valued at nearly €13 billion and FitzPatrick's 4.5 million Anglo shares were worth nearly €80 million at this time. Prior to FitzPatrick's resignation, the Anglo share price had already dropped to €0.32, a drop of 98% with the entire bank valued at a low €242 million and FitzPatrick's stake reduced to €1.5 million.
The Financial Regulator first uncovered the €87 million loans in January 2008 when inspectors from the regulator's offices carried out an inspection into the loan book of rival lender, Irish Nationwide Building Society. The inspectors noticed that a large loan was provided to FitzPatrick at Anglo Irish Bank and later repaid. The Regulator discovered at a later date that similar loans were provided to FitzPatrick in September 2008 and repaid by him in October 2008. When the issue was raised with Anglo Irish Bank it was discovered that there were further loans between the two banks over an extended period of eight years.
It is uncertain which officials, if any, within the bank knew about the loans.
Every Anglo annual report contains a note displaying the total loans given to directors of the bank. This total is measured at a single point in time. In the case of Anglo this occurs on 30 September. FitzPatrick, instead of revealing the true figures of his loans, transferred some of them to Irish Nationwide Building Society, returning them to Anglo at a later date. He acted in a manner that thwarted transparency of Anglo's loan book. Financial authorities are investigating if there have been breaches of corporate governance. The Chief Executive of the Financial Regulator said that "a lay person would expect that issues of this nature and this magnitude would have been picked up" by the external auditors, Ernst & Young. After receiving legal advice Ernst & Young declined to appear before a parliamentary committee.
This in turn led to inaccurate figures for the total directors' loans given for eight consecutive years in the end of year Anglo accounts. 2008 was the first occasion on which FitzPatrick revealed his true figure, that of €87 million or twice the total of the other twelve directors' loan figures.
The situation has been described as Ireland's version of Enron, the American energy company which went bankrupt in 2001, and it has been said that the principals would be immediately arrested if this had occurred in the United States.
Resignations.
Anglo Irish Bank.
FitzPatrick issued a statement on the evening of 18 December, linking his resignation with a €87 million loan he had from the bank. Ireland's Minister for Finance, Brian Lenihan welcomed the appointment of a new chairman, Donal O'Connor, an official with a substantial commercial track record, saying he "seems a natural choice" for the role. FitzPatrick's resignation came little over two months after he had admitted that his former bank had made mistakes but insisted it had not been "reckless". Alongside FitzPatrick's resignation came that of Bradshaw who had held a loan jointly with FitzPatrick, a loan that was temporarily transferred to another bank prior to a year end audit without the knowledge of Bradshaw. On the evening of 19 December, Drumm announced he would step down with immediate effect, but said he will continue to work with the chairman through a transition phase until a replacement chief executive is agreed upon.
"It is appropriate for me to step down today given last evening's announcement in relation to the resignation of Seán FitzPatrick and given the strong statement of support for the Bank and its recapitalisation programme by the Minister for Finance. Good progress is being made on the recapitalisation. It is undoubtedly in the best interests of Anglo that a new Chief Executive is appointed to lead the Bank through its next phase of development. The appointment of Donal O'Connor as Chairman together with a new Chief Executive augurs well for the Bank and for all its stakeholders. It gives the Bank fresh impetus and an upward trajectory. I would like to thank all of my colleagues for their intense commitment and honest endeavour and for their friendship over the last 15 years."
On 7 January 2009, Willie McAteer resigned his position as finance director and chief risk officer.
On 15 January 2009 the Government of Ireland nationalised Anglo Irish Bank and its shares were suspended on the Dublin and London Stock Exchanges.
On 19 January 2009, the balance of the Board, who had served while FitzPatrick was chairman, resigned. The consequence of Anglo's nationalisation caused steep falls, up to 50%, in the market value of the other two large banks on 19 January 2009.
Financial Regulator.
Following reports of a communication breakdown at the office of the Financial Services Regulatory Authority, the Financial Regulator Patrick Neary on 9 January 2009 announced his decision to retire as of 31 January that year. Neary's weakness in dealing with the issue has received much criticism, with Green Party Senator Dan Boyle calling for a strengthening of powers within the organisation and saying that confidence in Irish financial services had been eroded by events of the previous six months. Financial observers indicated that a replacement for Neary might have to be located in the United States or in Britain.
There were also reports that the Financial Regulator may have known of the loans for eight years prior to their revelation. The Fine Gael finance spokesman Richard Bruton called for the board and senior management of the Financial Regulator to be sacked. The Financial Regulator hired a partner from Ernst & Young, to advise on the €440 billion bank guarantee scheme in January 2009, despite the fact that serious questions have been asked about why Ernst & Young did not spot the massive loans that former chief executive Seán FitzPatrick concealed from his shareholders for eight years. Consultants Mazars, which reviewed their operations said "that regulatory expertise was lacking in some areas."
Irish Nationwide.
On the evening of 17 February 2009, the Chairman of the building society Irish Nationwide, Dr Michael Walsh, resigned his position.
Irish Stock Exchange.
On 23 February 2009, the former Anglo Irish Bank director Anne Heraty unexpectedly resigned from the board of the ISEQ. The following morning, Dublin's ISEQ index fell over 3% to stand at 1,987, a 14-year low. The last time it stood under the 2,000 level was the middle of 1995.
Dublin Airport Authority.
On the evening of 24 February 2009, the chairman of the Dublin Airport Authority (DAA), Gary McGann, announced his decision to step down from the board, stating that his decision had been influenced by his former non-executive directorship of Anglo Irish Bank.
Outcome and nationalisation.
Anglo Irish Bank has said it would review its policy on directors' loans following FitzPatrick's resignation. The Financial Regulator announced he would be examining the loans issued by Anglo Irish Bank to all its directors, claiming he became aware of the existence of the loans "following an inspection earlier this year". Ultimately he became a victim of the controversy and subsequently announced his retirement.
The Chartered Accountants Regulatory Board (CARB) has initiated an investigation into the "circumstances around the issue of inappropriate directors' loans at Anglo Irish"and into the performance of Ernst and Young. The Irish Association of Investment Managers expressed how it was "surprised and disappointed" at the controversy and announced it would be writing to Anglo's new chairman to describe its worries.
The Irish State subsequently announced it was to become the majority shareholder in Anglo Irish Bank by injecting €3 billion into the bank. Opposition party Fine Gael opposed this move and stated on 14 January 2009 that the bank should be shut down but the following evening the Irish government announced that recapitalisation was no longer a serious option and nationalised the bank instead. Lenihan stated that "clear blue water" had been inserted between the old and new versions of Anglo and defended the nationalisation by saying that if the government were to let the bank fail it would be saying to Ireland and other economies that the country was "closed for business". At an Emergency General Meeting held at the Mansion House, Dublin on 16 January 2009, the bank's shareholders angrily voiced their opinions on FitzPatrick's involvement in the bank's downfall and their lack of confidence in the banking sector. The auditors, Ernst & Young were also criticised for failing to detect the loans during their audits. At the EGM the total level of loans to directors was announced as €179 million.
Legislation.
Emergency legislation to nationalise the bank, titled the Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Bill 2009, was voted through Dáil Éireann, being approved by 79 – 67 before passing in Seanad Éireann without a vote on 20 January 2009. During the Seanad's debate on the bill, Senator Shane Ross claimed that "no-one was being told the truth about Anglo Irish Bank" and called the EGM of the previous Friday "a disgrace show corporate Ireland at its worst, as there were no answers to any questions". Senator Joe O'Toole advocated the chasing of those responsible for the bank's nationalisation "even into the courts", saying that a person could be imprisoned for failure to pay a household bill, yet those who caused the loss of jobs and pensions might not. President Mary McAleese then signed the Anglo Irish Bank Bill at Áras an Uachtaráin the following day.
Discussion.
The bank's internal auditors appeared before the Oireachtas Joint Committee on Economic Regulatory Affairs on 3 February 2009 to discuss the nationalisation of Anglo Irish Bank. The bank's head of internal audit, Walter Tyrrell, told the Oireachtas committee that the movement of loans by Seán FitzPatrick into the bank and back out again could only have been known by FitzPatrick himself and the executive of his account, claiming that loans were tested by means of random sampling and that FitzPatrick's loans had not once been selected - however one loan he held with a partner was chosen. Fine Gael's Kieran O'Donnell expressed his amazement that each of the directors' loans were not tested.
On 11 February 2009, Lenihan revealed plans under which €3.5 billion ($4.5 billion, £3.1 billion) each would be provided by the government's purchase of options intended to re-capitalise Allied Irish Bank and the Bank of Ireland.
Current revelations.
Review.
The Financial Regulator, on the recommendation of the Irish Finance Minister, ordered an "urgent review" of directors' loans at Anglo Irish Bank, saying it has a "very serious view" of the issue. It claims the loans were "first brought to its attention on December 17th 2008" and that a committee had been established to investigate the matter. Irish Minister for Social and Family Affairs Mary Hanafin said the Financial Regulator had "serious questions" to answer over its supposed lack of knowledge of the loans and the Irish Minister for the Environment, Heritage and Local Government John Gormley asked the Financial Regulator to explain what he termed "extraordinary complacency" in relation to the situation at Anglo Irish Bank. The opposition party Fine Gael's deputy leader and finance representative Richard Bruton quizzed the Minister for Finance on his announcement that he would provide the necessary capital to Anglo Irish Bank.
Further Hidden Loans (Deposits) Controversy Involving Irish Life & Permanent.
On 12 February 2009, details of a further controversial transaction which had the effect of misrepresenting the end-of-year accounts of Anglo-Irish Bank came into the public domain. Anglo-Irish Bank lent €4bn to Irish Life & Permanent (IL&P) for 1 day by way of inter-bank loan, and a subsidiary of Irish Life placed a deposit of a similar amount with Anglo, which was recorded as a customer deposit. Following a discussion with the Minister for Finance, a board meeting of IL&P accepted the resignation of two senior IL&P executives.
The "Golden Circle".
On 17 February, Taoiseach Brian Cowen informed Dáil Éireann of his knowledge of a group of ten wealthy businessmen who had come together to buy shares in Anglo Irish Bank in 2008 in a transaction which is now at the centre of an investigation by the Office of Corporate Enforcement. Cowen has since denied suggestions put forth by the Opposition that he was attempting to protect anyone involved in this so-called "Golden Circle". The mystery has been discussed in Dáil Éireann since its revelation, with Minister for the Environment, Community and Local Government and Green Party leader John Gormley calling for the names to be made public if a legal way of doing so could be found. Anglo Irish Bank's annual report alongside the PricewaterhouseCooper report on the bank were both published on 20 February but Tánaiste Mary Coughlan stated beforehand that the ten would not be named in either report. The Anglo report revealed that the bank lent €451 million to the ten "Golden Circle" clients, a 50% increase on previous estimates of €300 million. That same evening, Brian Lenihan also issued a statement containing extracts from the report carried out by PricewaterhouseCooper for the Financial Regulator. The morning before its publication, Ulick McEvaddy appeared on RTÉ Radio 1 alongside the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins, where he stated that the ten were "heroes" in his opinion (Joe Higgins disagreed). "The Sunday Times" published the names of four of the Golden Circle members on 22 February. The four members of the elite are Gerry Gannon, Joe O'Reilly, Seamus Ross and Jerry Conlan. The same article declared that Sean Mulryan, Patrick Doherty, Sean Dunne, Derek Quinlan, Denis O'Brien, JP McManus, John Magnier, Noel Smyth, Michael Whelan, Jim Mansfield, Richard Barrett, Johnny Ronan and Fintan Drury were not among the chosen ten. Minister Dick Roche has since stated that the ten cannot be named.
On 23 July 2012 the Irish Independent identified the ten members of the golden circle as Belfast-born developer Paddy McKillen, Mennolly Homes's Seamus Ross, auctioneer Brian O'Farrell, John McCabe of McCabe Builders, developer Gerry Maguire, Belfast's Patrick Kearney, Gerry Gannon of Gannon Homes who had a stake in the K Club Ryder Cup golf resort, Kildare businessman Jerry Conlan, Sean Reilly of the McGarrell Reilly firm and developer Joe O'Reilly.
Fraud search.
On 24 February, members of the Garda Bureau of Fraud Investigation executed a District Court warrant at the headquarters of Anglo Irish Bank on St Stephen's Green, Dublin. The warrant, issued the previous day, allowed the Gardaí, acting on behalf of the Office of the Director of Corporate Enforcement, to enter the premises and seize documents that may show crimes committed under section 20 of the Companies' Acts.

</doc>
<doc id="20776582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776582" title="Alf Duval">
Alf Duval

Alfred "Alf" W. Duval (born 1 July 1941) is an Australian rower who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Sydney and attended St. Joseph's College, Hunters Hill.
Rowing career.
Following school he took up rowing at the senior level with the Sydney Rowing Club. For eight consecutive years from 1962 to 1969 he was seated in the New South Wales state VIII which contested the Kings Cup at the Australian Rowing Championships. He stroked the crew in the last two of those years and in 1965 and 1967 the New South Wales crew was victorious.
In 1964 he was in the bow seat of the Australian boat which finished tenth in the coxed fours event. In 1966 he was selected at three in the Australian coxed four which competed at the World Championships in Bled, Yugoslavia.
Four years later in 1968 he stroked the Australian boat to a silver medal in the eights competition at the Mexico Olympics.
In later life he has turned to coaching and currently is the foundation and sole coach of the Varsity College Rowing Program on the Gold coast.

</doc>
<doc id="20776585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776585" title="Phoenix Prowlers">
Phoenix Prowlers

The Phoenix Prowlers were a professional football team that played in the Women's Football Alliance. Based in Phoenix, Arizona, the Prowlers played their home games in nearby Mesa at Mesa Community College.
Before joining the WFA in 2009, the Prowlers played two seasons in the National Women's Football Association. Their inaugural season of 2007 saw them finish with a perfect 8-0 regular season record (outscoring opponents 241-0, no points allowed) and winning South Division and Western Conference titles; however, they were upset in the semi-final round of the playoffs, losing to the St. Louis Slam by a score of 33-29. Despite finishing 5-3 in 2008 and second place in the Southern Conference West Division, the Prowlers missed the playoffs (only division winners qualified that year).
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 16 || 8 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="20776591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776591" title="Jody Tini">
Jody Tini

Jody Tini (born 10 February 1976 in Whangarei, New Zealand) is a female basketball player for New Zealand. At the 2006 Commonwealth Games she won a silver medal as part of the Tall Ferns New Zealand women's basketball team.
She comes from a basketball family as she is the sister of Tall Black captain Pero Cameron, and daughter of Mata Cameron - a national age group coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20776592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776592" title="Pain Agency">
Pain Agency

Pain Agency is the second album by Scottish rock band Sucioperro, released on 4 May 2009 by Maybe Records.
Overview.
Pain Agency was recorded in the band's studio in Ayr between June and October 2007. A video entitled 'The Making of Pain Agency' was created and posted on the band's YouTube page. 
'Dragon's Pain Agency', a diary of events between the 10 June – 12 July written by the lead singer, was made available online from 16 July 2007 and includes information about recording developments, song titles, eating habits and progress through the computer game 'Black'.
The artwork for the Pain Agency era was designed by bassist Stewart Chown and Gordon Burniston. The style was carried across to the official Sucioperro website, which was also designed by Chown, until the site was updated for the release of the band's third album, The Heart String & How To Pull It.
Although the official release date was 4 May, the album became available to purchase at gigs from 27 April to coincide with the start of a substantial UK tour. A promotional copy of the album appeared on eBay on 13 April but was withdrawn by the seller later that day, apparently at the request of the record label.
A deluxe digital download, which contains extensive bonus material related to the "Pain Agency" era, was made available from the band's online shop in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20776594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776594" title="Ganesh Venkatraman">
Ganesh Venkatraman

Ganesh Venkatraman (Tamil:கணேஷ் வெங்கட்ராமன்) is an Indian and Tamil film actor and model. He rose to fame following his performances in films such as "The Angrez", "Abhiyum Naanum" and "Unnaipol Oruvan". He later moved to Tamil Film Industry.
In a span of just over 3 years Ganesh has worked in all 4 south Indian languages – Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada. He has also worked with all the top filmstars like Amitabh Bachhan, Kamal Hassan,Mohanlal, Akkineni Nagarjuna, Venkatesh.
Early life.
Ganesh was born and raised in Mumbai. His roots are in an orthodox Brahmin family of Tamil Nadu. Ganesh was the winner of Gladrags Man-hunt Mr. INDIA 2003 and was amongst the top five finalists of the Super Model contest held in Istanbul, Turkey, in the same year.
During his college days, he actively participated in dramas & ramp shows which directed his focus towards modeling and acting. He captained his college volley-ball team. After completing his formal education, this software professional was employed by a reputed IT company, where he worked for nearly two years. Ganesh has also appeared in the new LIC advertisement.
Director Murugadoss chose Ganesh Venkatraman for an Ad Campaign
Ganesh's next most anticipated Telugu film "Damarukam" sees him playing an anti-hero opposite Nagarjuna, It boasts of world class special effects and is estimated to be made on a budget of Rs.45 Crores.

</doc>
<doc id="20776614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776614" title="David Douglas (rower)">
David Douglas (rower)

David G. A. Douglas (born 16 March 1947) is an Australian Olympic medal winning rower who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Melbourne and did his senior rowing with the Mercantile Rowing Club there.
In 1968 he was a crew member of the Australian boat which won the silver medal in the eights event.
in 2010 Douglas was inducted as a member of the Rowing Victoria Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20776621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776621" title="George Godber">
George Godber

Sir George Edward Godber, GCB (August 4, 1908 – February 7, 2009) served as Chief Medical Officer for Her Majesty's Government in England from 1960–1973 and was instrumental in the establishment of the National Health Service (NHS).
The third of seven children of a Bedfordshire farmer, Godber was educated at Bedford School and New College, Oxford, where he read medicine and gained a rowing blue. He did his clinical training at The London Hospital. As he had lost an eye in an accident the medical specialities open to him were limited. In 1939 he joined the Ministry of Health and worked in Birmingham administering the wartime Emergency Medical Services before the NHS was formed in 1948. He also served as Deputy Chief Medical Officer from 1950 to 1960.
He was instrumental is persuading the Royal College of Physicians to form a committee on smoking and lung cancer in 1958. Their report Smoking and Health, published in 1962 was important in bringing the link to the attention of the public.
He was awarded an honorary doctorate of science from the University of Bath in 1979. He was appointed CB in 1958, KCB in 1962 and GCB in 1971. Godber celebrated his 100th birthday in August 2008. He died on 7 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20776633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776633" title="John Ranch">
John Ranch

John Raymond "JR" Ranch (born 26 November 1940) is an Australian rower a national champion and medal winner at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Bondi, New South Wales and moved to Orange, New South Wales at four years of age when his father became the licensee of the Tourist Hotel there. He was schooled at the Santa Maria Convent school and then by the De La Salle brothers in Orange. Attending Sydney University from 1959, Ranch joined the Sydney University Boat Club as well as rowing in surf boats at the Bondi Surf Club.
Rowing career.
From the Sydney University Boat Club Ranch was chosen to represent Australia in a Trans-Tasman regatta against New Zealand in 1966 rowing in the six seat of the men's VIII. That same year Ranch was seated in the Australian VIII that competed at the World Rowing Championships in Bled, Yugoslavia. In 1968 he won the silver medal rowing in the three seat of the Australian boat in the eights competition at the Mexico Olympics.
Ranch rowed the New South Wales representative VIII in the King's Cup at the Australian Rowing Championships on three occasions in 1966, 1968, 1969 and winning the national championship in 1968.
On retirement, he coached at Sydney University and the Sydney Rowing Club. In 1985, again as a rower John represented Australia at the World Masters Games in Toronto, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20776635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776635" title="Thomas Maynard House">
Thomas Maynard House

The Thomas Maynard House is a historic home located at New London, Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It is a large -story, gable-roofed Georgian residence of random-coursed stone built about 1809. 
The Thomas Maynard House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20776637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776637" title="George Radcliffe (footballer)">
George Radcliffe (footballer)

George Radcliffe (born "unknown" - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He played for Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20776645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776645" title="Clews">
Clews

Clews may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20776656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776656" title="Clewes">
Clewes

Clewes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20776659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776659" title="Dmitri Shkidchenko">
Dmitri Shkidchenko

Dmitri Shkidchenko is a pair skater who competed internationally representing the Soviet Union. With partner Irina Mironenko, he is the 1985 and 1986 World Junior silver medalist.
Following his retirement from competitive skating, he worked as a coach. His current and former students include Alina Dikhtiar & Filip Zalevski, Julia Beloglazova & Andrei Bekh, Julia Obertas & Dmitri Palamarchuk, Tatiana Chuvaeva & Dmitri Palamarchuk, and Julia Obertas & Alexei Sokolov.

</doc>
<doc id="20776666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776666" title="Joe Fazio">
Joe Fazio

Joseph "Joe" R. Fazio (11 September 1942 - August 2011) was an Australian rower who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Early life and schooling.
He was born in Taree, New South Wales and was sent to school in Sydney in 1955 at St. Joseph's College, Hunters Hill following the death of his father when Joe was nine years of age. In his senior year in 1960 he stroked the College's first VIII, was elected Captain of Boats, played in the Championship winning 1st XV and was selected in the combined GPS 2nd XV. At the College's Cadet Camp in 1959 he was involved in a tragic accident when his close friend Michael Farrell was critically injured by an unexploded shell which he and Fazio found on the Singleton rifle range. The explosion left pieces of shrapnel in Fazio's body and some shrapnel was too close to the spine to be removed.
Career.
Following school Fazio started a career with the Royal Australian Navy Experimental Laboratories as a research assistant. He played club rugby with Sydney's, Eastern Suburbs RUFC and was persuaded by team mate Jake Howard to take up rowing at the senior level with the Sydney Rowing Club. He had success at the Sydney club, stroking a junior eight to a New South Wales state championship in 1964-65, a coxless four to a state championship victory in 1966 and stroking the club's senior VIII from 1966.
Back pain caused by the shrapnel still lodged close to his spine forced Fazio to undergo a spinal fusion operation in 1967 but within six months he was again rowing at the highest level. He was selected in the New South Wales state VIII which won the Kings Cup at the Australian Rowing Championships in 1968 and from there he was selected in six seat of the Australian boat which won the silver medal in the eights event at the 1968 Mexico Olympics. He made another state representative appearance for New South Wales in the Kings Cup crew at the 1969 Interstate Championships.
Later in life he returned to St Joseph's as a voluntary coach and was involved with IVs and the school's 1st VIII between 1993 and 1997.
In business he worked in senior management positions for Qantas and the Hilton Hotel Group.
He died following the effects of Alzheimer's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="20776676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776676" title="George Schofield">
George Schofield

George Willie Schofield (born 6 August 1893, date of death unknown) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Pontefract, West Yorkshire. He played for Manchester United, Southport Junior Football, and Crewe Alexandra.

</doc>
<doc id="20776698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776698" title="Breaking Dawn">
Breaking Dawn

Breaking Dawn is the fourth and final novel in the "The Twilight Saga" by American author Stephenie Meyer. Divided into three parts, the first and third sections are written from Bella Swan's perspective and the second is written from the perspective of Jacob Black. The novel directly follows the events of the previous novel, "Eclipse", as Bella and Edward Cullen get married, leaving behind a heartbroken Jacob. When Bella faces unexpected and life threatening situations, she willingly risks her human life and possible vampire immortality to undergo the ultimate transformation from a weak pawn to the strong queen with unique powers to fight the final battle to save all those she loves.
Meyer finished an outline of the book in 2003, but developed and changed it as she wrote "New Moon" and "Eclipse", though the main and most significant storylines remained unchanged. Little, Brown and Company took certain measures to prevent the book's contents from leaking, such as closing forums and message boards on several fansites and providing a special e-mail address for fans to send in links to leaks and spoilers online.
"Breaking Dawn" was released on August 2, 2008 at midnight release parties in over 4,000 bookstores throughout the US. From its initial print run of 3.7 million copies, over 1.3 million were sold in the US and 20,000 in the UK in the first 24 hours of the book's release, setting a record in first-day sales performance for the Hachette Book Group USA. The book was highly successful, selling over 6 million copies in 2008, and was the third best-selling novel of 2008 behind "Twilight" and "New Moon".
"Breaking Dawn" received mixed reviews from critics and is the most controversial book in the series, as it explored more mature themes and concepts. However, the novel was awarded the British Book Award for "Children's Book of the Year". It was translated in 38 languages with rights sold to over 50 countries. The book has been adapted into a two-part movie, with the released on November 18, 2011 and the released on November 16, 2012.
Plot summary.
"Breaking Dawn" is divided into three separate parts. The first part details Bella's marriage and honeymoon with Edward, which they spend on a private island that Carlisle bought and gave to Esme, Isle Esme, off the coast of Brazil. Two weeks into their honeymoon, Bella realizes that she is pregnant with a half-vampire, half-human child and that her condition is progressing at an unnaturally accelerated rate. After contacting Carlisle, who confirms her pregnancy, she and Edward immediately return home to Forks, Washington, where the fetus continues to develop at an unnatural speed.
The second part of the book is written from the perspective of Jacob Black, a werewolf who had also fallen in love with Bella. A month after the wedding, Bella calls her dad, Charlie Swan, and says that she is sick and quarantined. Charlie relays this to Billy Black, Jacob's dad, and Billy relays it to the pack. Jacob thinks that Bella is actually a vampire now and attempts to lead an assault on the Cullens for breaking the treaty. Sam, the alpha of the pack, forbids an assault on the Cullens without seeing Bella's immortality in front of his own eyes. Jacob heads off on his own to avenge Bella. When he arrives, he discovers that Bella was sick, but it was from her pregnancy, not a disease. Jacob begs Bella to abort the fetus and save her life, but Bella is determined that she will live long enough to have the baby and be transformed into a vampire. Jacob runs off, and phases due to his anger. This accidentally reveals Bella's condition to the pack, and due to the lack of knowledge on human-vampire babies, they pack decides to kill the baby and Bella immediately. Jacob objects, and when Sam uses an alpha command to force Jacob into submission, Jacob accepts his bloodline as the true heir of the pack and breaks free of Sam's control. He then runs off to warn the Cullens of the pack's planned assault. However, while en route, Seth, one of the younger pack members, joins Jacob and makes note of the fact that neither of them can hear the others; they have formed their own pack. They warn the Cullens and take up patrol around the Cullens' property. Leah, Seth's older sister, joins them shortly afterward. After a chance remark by Jacob, they discover that the baby simply craves blood, and Bella has to drink it out of a cup for the most effectiveness. Bella gets better, but the fetus in Bella's body grows swiftly and the timing of birth is unknown due to the lack of any related medical knowledge on human-vampire births. Carlisle, the experienced doctor, is out of the house to replenish blood supplies from a hospital blood bank when Bella falls, cracking her pelvis and inducing labor. The baby breaks many of her bones, including her spine, and she loses massive amounts of blood. In order to save her life, Edward changes her into a vampire by injecting his venom into her heart and biting her repeatedly. Jacob, thinking that Bella is dead, and blaming Bella's daughter Renesmee as the cause, tries to kill Renesmee. Instead, he "imprints"—an involuntary response in which a shape-shifter finds his soul mate—on her.
The third section shifts back to Bella's perspective, describing Bella's painful transformation and finding herself changed into a vampire and enjoying her new life and abilities. However, the vampire Irina misidentifies Renesmee as an "immortal child", a child who has been turned into a vampire. Because "immortal children" are uncontrollable, creating them has been outlawed by the Volturi. After Irina presents her allegations to the Volturi, they plan to destroy Renesmee and the Cullens. In an attempt to survive, the Cullens gather other vampire clans from around the world to stand as witnesses and prove to the Volturi that Renesmee is not an immortal child. Edward telepathically connects with Jacob and his Quileute pack, with the full realization of Jacob's imprint with Renesmee forging a new family connection of an unbreakable bond and mutual pact of protection between the Cullens and the Quileute, ending hatred between the races. As local and foreign vampires arrive, the Cullen house becomes the headquarters and training ground for the assorted vampires and the Quileute wolf packs. Information pieced together from the many visitors reveals the Volturi's ulterior motives for power through the acquisition of vampires with special abilities, turning the gathered vampire witnesses into self-aware rebels intent on defending their freedoms. Faced with the Volturi's ruthless killing of numerous vampires, many of the guest vampires reveal secret talents, which they know the Volturi will demand to control through them, or seek to destroy, in fear of it being used against them. The transformation of each person from human to vampire alters their characteristics, physically and mentally, with traits in human form enhanced in vampire form and particular skills heightened, sometimes into a supernatural power. Since no two minds think alike, although similar, no two powers are identical and some powers require time to develop or improve. The majority of special abilities are mind based, with exceptions occurring in powers that are physically related. At the Cullen home, various abilities and strategies are worked on individually and collectively, with exceptional talents displayed by 
notable vampires such as: 
Bella's human ability shielded her from psychic powers, but as a vampire she learns she can project it to shield others in a wide radius, a secret weapon that neutralizes most of the Volturi's powers. Renesmee's hybrid human vampire gifts show that gifts can be hereditary, passed down genetically from Edward and Bella both. Upon confronting the gathered Cullen allies and witnesses, the Volturi discover that they have been misinformed on Renesmee's identity, and execute Irina when she refuses to make a claim against the wolves for killing Laurent, trying unsuccessfully to instigate a full battle. Additionally, Caius brings up the Cullens' pact with the Quileute as allying with the vampires' sworn enemy, the Children of the Moon, but it turns out the Quileutes are "shapeshifters" that chose the form of giant wolves, and not Lycans. The Volturi remain undecided on whether Renesmee should be viewed as a threat to vampires' secret existence. At that time, Alice and Jasper, who had left prior to the gathering of the Cullen's allies, return with a Mapuche called Nahuel, a 150-year-old vampire-human hybrid like Renesmee, and his biological aunt, Huilen. Huilen tells of how her sister fell in love with a vampire and became pregnant with his child. She also shares that when Nahuel was born, he bit her and made her immortal. Nahuel demonstrates that the hybrids pose no threat, and the Volturi agree to leave the Cullens alone. Before the Volturi leave, he also informs them of his father's intent to create more hybrids to produce a "super race." While allowing them to deal with his father, Nahuel begs the Volturi to spare his sisters. The Cullens and their allies return to their homes in peace, accepting that the Volturi may one day return. When Edward and Bella are alone, she shows Edward a skill she has worked on, enabling him to read her mind for the first time, and sharing her feelings about him from her human and vampire memories.
Background.
Development.
Originally, Meyer wrote a book titled "Forever Dawn", which was a direct sequel to "Twilight". While the basic storyline remained the same, "Forever Dawn" was narrated completely from Bella's point of view, the werewolves and Jacob were "only sketchily developed", Victoria and Laurent were both alive, and there was an epilogue. Meyer went on to say that she "may post some extras someday if I ever have time to go back through the "Forever Dawn" manuscript—it's just as long as "Breaking Dawn"."
The part that took Meyer the longest time to write of "Breaking Dawn" was the half-chapter describing the 3 months after Bella's transformation into a vampire because "the amount of time per word put into that section was probably ten times what it was in any other part of the book" and Meyer liked to write minute by minute, but didn't think it would be exciting.
Meyer decided to include the pregnancy in her story while she was researching vampires, early in 2003, and came across the legend of the incubus, a demon who could father children. Bella's insistence to not let her child die was inspired by Meyer's reaction when asked if she would let one of her children die so she could live, which was to deliver the child no matter what the consequences were. Meyer said in an interview with Shannon Hale, published in "", that the birth scene published is a little less grotesque than the one she wrote before editing due to her editor, agent and publisher's requests to "tone down the violence a little". She stated that Bella's pregnancy and childbirth, for her, were "a way to kind of explore that concept of what childbirth used to be" in the past and acknowledged that they were "taking Bella in a new direction that wasn't relatable for a lot of people." Concerning the subject of the relatability of Bella, Meyer admitted that she lost some of her relatability to the character when she became a vampire and said, "every point up until that point in the story [the transformation I would say I could step into this story right here and I could do everything she could do which made it really fun." Meyer wanted to experience Bella's vampiric experiences and "enjoyed very much" writing about them and wanted to end the book from her perspective, but still thought it was "a little bit harder" as she couldn't step in into the story anymore.
In regard to Renesmee's unique name, Meyer wrote that she "couldn't call her Jennifer or Ashley. What do you name the most unique baby in the world? I looked through a lot of baby name websites. Eventually I realized that there was no human name that was going to work for me, so I surrendered to necessity and made up my own."
Meyer states in regard to ending the series:
Influences.
The plays "The Merchant of Venice" and "A Midsummer Night's Dream" by William Shakespeare both influenced "Breaking Dawn". Meyer decided that Alice would write her instruction to Bella on a page from "The Merchant of Venice" to give a clue that the final confrontation at the end of the book would be a mental one—not a physical battle—like the one at the end of the play. It also hints that the novel would have a happy ending for the couples, as in "The Merchant of Venice". Originally it was the novel "Jane Eyre" by Charlotte Brontë that Alice tore a page from, but "Jane Eyre" had nothing to do with the story, so Meyer changed it.
The idea of imprinting, which existed in "Forever Dawn", was inspired by "A Midsummer Night's Dream". Meyer described it as "the magic of setting things right—which doesn't happen in the real world, which is absolutely fantasy", and decided to introduce it earlier–in "Eclipse"–so she wouldn't have to explain it later.
Cover art.
Meyer described the cover as "extremely meaningful" and said that she was "really happy with how it turned out". The cover is a metaphor for Bella's progression throughout the entire series; she began as the physically weakest player on the board, the pawn, but at the end she becomes the strongest, the queen. The chessboard also hints at the conclusion of the novel "where the battle with the Volturi is one of wits and strategy, not physical violence."
Title.
The title, "Breaking Dawn", is a reference to the beginning of Bella's life as a newborn vampire. Originally, Meyer wanted to title the book "Forever Dawn", but she thought the name was very "cheesy". Wanting to add a "sense of disaster" to the title to match the novel's mood, she called it "Breaking Dawn". Another reason for giving the book this particular title is that it matches the book's plot, which centers around "a new awakening and a new day and there's also a lot of problems inherent in it".
Release.
Marketing.
"Entertainment Weekly" magazine released an excerpt of "Breaking Dawn" on May 30, 2008. Stephenie Meyer also revealed a 'Quote of the Day' from "Breaking Dawn" for about three weeks prior to its August 2, 2008 release. The first quote was released on Stephenie's website on July 12, 2008. The first chapter of "Breaking Dawn", "Engaged", was released in the special edition of "Eclipse". "Breaking Dawn" was officially released on August 2, 2008 through midnight release parties in over 4,000 bookstores, most of which involved costume and trivia contests, crafts, and face painting.
"Godiva" also made a "Twilight"-themed chocolate bar, which was released in Barnes & Noble book stores at the release parties. A four-city "Breaking Dawn" Concert Series, featuring Stephenie Meyer and Blue October's Justin Furstenfeld, coincided with the novel's release. The concert series sold out three of its four locations on the day that tickets went on sale, selling out in under an hour in one city.
Publication.
Prior to the novel's release, the first three "Twilight" books had already sold 8.5 million copies throughout the US and over 2 million copies in the UK. "Breaking Dawn" was one of the most anticipated books of 2008 with "The Guardian" noting, "Teenagers across the world are anxiously awaiting the next instalment of author Stephenie Meyer's vampiric series of novels." To meet the high demand, Little, Brown Books added a printing of 500,000 additional copies just prior to publication of the title, bringing initial print run to 3.7 million.
The book sold 1.3 million copies in the US and 20,000 copies in the UK in its first 24 hours of release, as well as 100,000 copies in Canada during its first weekend. "Breaking Dawn" debuted at #1 on "USA Today"'s top 150 best sellers list and has gone on to spend over 58 weeks on the list. It was also the biggest-selling children's book of 2008 with over 6 million copies sold.
A special edition of "Breaking Dawn" was released on August 4, 2009, containing a DVD of the "Breaking Dawn" Concert Series and an interview with Meyer.
Reception.
Critical reception of "Breaking Dawn" was mixed. Lev Grossman wrote, "First, since there's a lot of one-star reviews up on Amazon, let me say up front: I loved "Breaking Dawn"." Cara von Wrangel Kinsey of "School Library Journal" responded with a positive review, describing the book as "captivating" and noting, "While this novel is darker and more mature than the earlier titles, Meyer's twists and turns are not out of character." "The Charlotte Observer" agreed and called the book "pretty darned good", but criticized the book's length saying, "I wish Meyer hadn't felt compelled to pack so much into one volume. It should have been two books." Mary Harris Russell of the "Chicago Tribune" also responded with a positive review and hailed the book as a "fun read", noting that Stephenie Meyer "continues to produce witty writing about families, teenagers and popular culture", while "Time" called the book "a wild but satisfying finish to the ballad of Bella and Edward" and gave it a rating of A-. An article in "The Daily News Tribune" said of "Breaking Dawn", "Some of the dialog is a bit stilted... but, if you stay close to Meyer's rich and prodigious narrative, you too might fall in love with its suspense and moving sensitivity".
"Publishers Weekly" stated that the main problem with "Breaking Dawn" was that, "Essentially, everyone gets everything they want, even if their desires necessitate an about-face in characterization or the messy introduction of some back story. Nobody has to renounce anything or suffer more than temporarily—in other words, grandeur is out." In an article by "The Associated Press", journalist Sara Rose wrote on "NewsOK.com" that fans of the series would love "engaging characters, great humor, a distracting obsession with beauty, focus on the minutiae of emotions"; however "casual readers may be disappointed with a lot of build-up and little action." "The Independent" called the book, "shockingly, tackily, sick-makingly sexist" and said that "Bella Swan lives to serve men and suffer." "Entertainment Weekly" graded "Breaking Dawn" with a D, criticizing the birth scene and Bella's "unwavering passion for Edward" and having no other goals. "The Washington Post" also responded with a negative review, making comments such as, "Meyer has put a stake through the heart of her own beloved creation," and ""Breaking Dawn" has a childbirth sequence that may promote lifelong abstinence in sensitive types."
In an interview with "Entertainment Weekly", Meyer responded to the negative response of many fans to the book and called it the "Rob Effect"; she said that the fans need time to accept the ending of "Breaking Dawn", just as they needed time to accept Robert Pattinson playing the role of Edward in the "Twilight" movie.
Awards and honors.
"Breaking Dawn" was the recipient of a British Book Award for "Children's Book of the Year". In the 2009 "Children's Choice Book Awards", the novel was chosen as "Teen Choice Book of the Year" and Meyer won the "Author of the Year" award.
Film adaptation.
Summit Entertainment announced in November 2008 that they had obtained the rights to the fourth book in Stephenie Meyer's series, "Breaking Dawn". The studio greenlit an adaptation of "The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn" in April, 2010. The film is to be split into two parts, the first of which was released on November 18, 2011. On Friday, August 6, 2010, Summit Entertainment announced that the second part of the movie will then be theatrically released on November 16, 2012.
Bill Condon will direct both parts; Stephenie Meyer will co-produce the film along with Karen Rosenfelt and Wyck Godfrey. In July, 2010, Summit announced that the movie will be shot in Vancouver, Canada, and Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Actress Maggie Grace has signed on to play the part of Irina in the movie, and Mackenzie Foy has signed on to play Renesmee, Edward and Bella's half-vampire, half-human child.

</doc>
<doc id="20776712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776712" title="Percy Schofield">
Percy Schofield

Percy Schofield (born April 1893 - 20 June 1968) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Bolton. He played for Manchester United, Eccles Borough, and Eccles United.

</doc>
<doc id="20776724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776724" title="Lisa Wallbutton">
Lisa Wallbutton

Lisa Wallbutton (born 14 January 1986 in Henderson, New Zealand) is a female basketball player for New Zealand.
She won Outstanding Young Player in the 2004 & 2005 seasons, MVP at the 2005 NZ U23 tournament and debuted for the Tall Ferns (New Zealand women's basketball team) in 2005 at the William Jones Cup in Taiwan, also in 2005.
At the 2006 Commonwealth Games she won a silver medal as part of the Tall Ferns.
In 2010 She played for the Albury Wodonga Bandits in the SEABL (South East Australian Basketball League) in the ABA.
She currently plays for Bendigo Spirit in the WNBL is Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20776726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776726" title="HM Prison Norwich">
HM Prison Norwich

HM Prison Norwich is a Category B/C multi-functional prison for adult and juvenile males, located on Mousehold Heath in Norwich, Norfolk, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
Norwich opened as a prison in 1887, on the site of the Britannia Barracks (the former home of the Royal Norfolk Regiment). The prison has had a variety of roles over the years, but today acts as a prison for Category B & C inmates.
In January 2003 a report from Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons severely criticised Norwich Prison for factors including poor cleanliness and the failure of its anti-drug and anti-bullying programmes. The report also criticised the lack of work and education opportunities at the jail for inmates.
In November 2004 the Prison Reform Trust criticised levels of overcrowding at Norwich Prison. The trust stated that nearly half of all single cells at the jail here holding two prisoners, and inmates were spending too much time locked up in their cells.
At around this time Norwich became the only prison in England and Wales to have a unit exclusively for elderly male prisoners (mainly serving life sentences). This has meant that a number of high-profile elderly prisoners have been held at HMP Norwich in recent years.
The prison today.
The site is divided into various wings and units which house different facilities and categories of prisoners:
Education provision for inmates at Norwich Prison is mainly centred on basic and key skills. Other courses offered include ESOL, Food Hygiene, First Aid, Health and Safety, NVQ Catering, Art and Craft and pre-release work programmes. A number of workshop places are available across the prison for inmates including Printing, Textiles, Contract packing Services and Gardens. Other facilities at the prison include a gym and a multi-faith chaplaincy.
There is also a Prison Visitor Centre which is operated by the Ormiston Children and Families Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="20776730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776730" title="Mother Father Brother Sister Tour '98">
Mother Father Brother Sister Tour '98

"Mother Father Brother Sister Tour '98" was a 1998 concert tour by Japanese R&B singer Misia. It was her first one man live. Tickets were sold out in a mere five minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="20776732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776732" title="Walter Taylor (footballer)">
Walter Taylor (footballer)

Walter Taylor (born 1901, date of death unknown) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Manchester. He played for Manchester United and New Mills.

</doc>
<doc id="20776739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776739" title="Samding Monastery">
Samding Monastery

Samding or Samten Ling gompa (bSam-sding dGon-pa Tibetan: བསམ་སྡིང་དགོན་པ་) or Samding Dorje Pakmo (bSam lding rDo rje phag mo) English: 'The Temple of Soaring Meditation'.Samding, a Bodongpa gompa (Monastery) - was built on a hill on a peninsula jutting into the sacred lake, Yar-'brog or Yamdrok Tso, about east of Nangkatse, and some southwest of Lhasa, at an altitude of 4,423 m or 14,512 ft.
Samding was the seat of Dorje Pakmo ('The Diamond - or Thunderbolt - Sow'), also known as Sera Kandro, the consort of the wrathful deity Demchok (Heruka), who was the highest female incarnation in Tibet, and the third highest-ranking person in the lamaist hierarchy after the Dalai Lama and the Panchen Lama.
The monastery is located on a barren hill about 90 m (300 feet) above the lake (altitude about at the neck of a narrow peninsula jutting out into the water.
Closer to Lhasa, there is another branch of Samding Monastery on the small island of Yambu in Rombuza Tso or "corpse-worm bottle lake" (which, apparently, received this unusual name because it was used as a burial place for monks). 
Samding monastery is said by Waddell and McGovern to belong to one of the red hat sects (Red Hat sect), but Dowman lists it as a "Geluk establishment". Willis claims "it was chiefly affiliated with the rNying-ma sect". 
The abbess became famous when she turned herself and her nuns into sows to prevent a Mongol raid on the nunnery in 1716 (McGovern gives 1717 for this event). It was destroyed after 1959 but is in the process of being restored.
Unusually, monks as well as nuns both lived in the monastery under the abbess, Dorje Pakmo, although she now lives in Lhasa. Samding gompa was destroyed after 1959 but is in the process of being restored.

</doc>
<doc id="20776744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776744" title="Henry Clews">
Henry Clews

Henry Clews (1836 – February 1, 1923) was an American financier and author.
Biography.
He was born in 1836 in Staffordshire, England, and emigrated to the United States around 1850. His first job was at an import business, working as a junior clerk. In 1859 he co-founded Livermore, Clews, and Company, what was then the second largest marketer of federal bonds during the United States Civil War. He split away and started Clews and Company in 1877. 
Henry Clews organized the "Committee of 70," which deposed the corrupt ring associated with William M. Tweed in New York City, and he served as an economic consultant to President Ulysses Grant.
He married the American woman Lucy Madison Worthington; they had two children: Elsie Worthington Clews and Henry Clews Jr. (1876–1937), who was an artist. Towards the end of his life he wrote one of the most famous classics about life on Wall Street entitled ""Fifty Years in Wall Street"".
He died in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="20776752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776752" title="Highland Lodge">
Highland Lodge

The Highland Lodge, also known as Pequea, is a historic home and resort building complex located at Frederick, Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It consists of a large Victorian period frame house centered at the end of a circular driveway, and its complement of outbuildings. The house is large and rambling and considered eclectic in style with a prominent central projecting gable. The property includes a frame stable and carriage house, now garages; a small frame barn; a small log dwelling moved to the property in the early 20th century; a frame summer kitchen and a frame secondary dwelling. It was developed originally in 1881 as a summer home for John H. Williams, a wealthy and influential Frederick attorney and banker. 
The Highland Lodge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20776753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776753" title="John Whittle (footballer)">
John Whittle (footballer)

John Thomas Whittle (29 June 1910 - 31 July 1987) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Leigh, Greater Manchester. He played for Manchester United and Rossendale United.

</doc>
<doc id="20776763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776763" title="Jane Hurshman">
Jane Hurshman

Jane Hurshman Corkum (Jan 25, 1949 - Feb 22, 1992) is best known for having killed her abusive husband Lamont William "Billy" Stafford in 1982, for which she was famously acquitted.
The Crown later appealed, concerned with the legal precedent, and she pled out to manslaughter and received a six-month sentence, and was released after two months.
After her release, she spoke out about spousal abuse, then an all-but-ignored subject.
On Feb 23, 1992, her body was found in a car on the Halifax waterfront, dead from a single gunshot wound.

</doc>
<doc id="20776767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776767" title="Éva Tófalvi">
Éva Tófalvi

Éva Tófalvi (born December 4, 1978) is a Romanian biathlete of Hungarian ethnicity. She finished in 11th place in the Women's Overall World Cup standings and in 2nd place in the Individual event at the end of the 2008-09 Biathlon World Cup. During this season she also won her first ever World Cup event in Hochfilzen, Austria, in the 15 km Individual race, she originally finished second, but winner Albina Akhatova was later disqualified due to use of doping. Tofalvi's victory is also the first ever race won by a Romanian athlete in the biathlon World Cup.
Results.
Results in top 30 are included.

</doc>
<doc id="20776771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776771" title="Gary Pearce (rower)">
Gary Pearce (rower)

Gary Malcolm Pearce (born 27 February 1944) is an Australian rower who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics, the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Early life and sporting pedigree.
He was born in Leichhardt, New South Wales into a famous Australian rowing family. 
Gary's father Cecil Pearce had sculled for Australia at the 1936 Berlin Olympics and his great-grandfather Henry John "Harry" Pearce, Sr. was an Australian champion in sculling. Cecil's uncle Henry J "Harry, Jr" Pearce Jr., was also an Australian sculling champion and challenged for the world championship twice (in 1911 and 1913) and Harry Jr's son, (Gary's second cousin) was Bobby Pearce the dual Olympic gold medal winner and one of Australia's all-time greatest scullers. Gary's own grandfather Sandy Pearce was an Australian national rugby league representative as was his son Sid Pearce, (Gary's uncle).
Career.
Pearce's senior rowing was with the Balmain Rowing Club in Sydney. In 1964 he partnered up with Barclay Wade of the Mosman Rowing Club in a composite double and took first place in the Men's Double Scull at the second ever Australian National Championships. This was a selection regatta for the Tokyo Olympics and Wade and Pearce were selected as the Olympic representative double. In Tokyo they finished 13th in the double sculls event.
In 1968, by now rowing from the Sydney Rowing Club he was in the two seat of the Australian boat which won the silver medal rowingin the eights competition at the Mexico Olympics. In 1972 he was in the Australian boat which finished eighth in the men's eights event at the Munich Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20776772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776772" title="Edgar Wilson (footballer)">
Edgar Wilson (footballer)

Edgar Wilson was an English footballer who played as a forward. He was a regular member of the Newton Heath LYR (later renamed Manchester United) team in the 1889–90 season, during which he scored 6 goals from 19 appearances in the Football Alliance, played once in the FA Cup, and was part of the side that won the Manchester and District Challenge Cup for the third consecutive year.

</doc>
<doc id="20776779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776779" title="Irina Mironenko">
Irina Mironenko

Irina Mironenko is a pair skater who competed internationally representing the Soviet Union. With partner Dmitri Shkidchenko, she is the 1985 and 1986 World Junior silver medalist.

</doc>
<doc id="20776789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776789" title="Kate Moross">
Kate Moross

Kate Moross is a designer, illustrator and art director based in London. 
She has been profiled in "Grafik Magazine", "Dazed & Confused", "Vice" magazine and "Creative Review", who selected her for a Creative Future award in 2007.
Moross ran with the Torch in Lewisham for the London Olympics 2012.
Illustration & Design.
Moross is also known for her typographic illustration. Her achievements include a nationwide billboard campaign for Cadburys, a signature clothing range for Topshop. and illustrations for Vogue Magazine. She regularly speaks at arts conferences, and has sat on the jury for the D&AD Awards in 2012.
Moving Image.
Moross joined Pulse Films as a director in 2010 and has directed music videos for Alpines, Simian Mobile Disco, and Jessie Ware.
Education.
Moross attended South Hampstead High School for primary and secondary school. She studied an art foundation at Wimbledon School of Art, and went on to complete her BA Degree at Camberwell School of Art in 2008.
Isomorph Records.
In 2007 Moross launched vinyl only record label, Isomorph Records, set up in order to explore further the relationship between design and music. The label has seen releases from Cutting Pink With Knives, Hearts Revolution, Midnight Juggernauts Apes and Androids and Pictureplane. With each release Moross collaborated closely with the artists in order to create the definitive visual representation of their sound, that encapsulates the bands ideas and Moross’ vision for them. In 2008 Kate Moross was named at number 18 in the NME’s Future 50 innovators driving music forward.
In 2012 Isomorph Records stopped releasing music and took down their website.
Studio Moross.
In 2012 Moross founded Studio Moross, which focuses on music based projects. Moross currently acts as art director for British Singer Jessie Ware and has directed several music videos for her including "Running, 'Wildest Moments' and 'If You're Never Gonna Move'.

</doc>
<doc id="20776807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776807" title="Peter Dickson (rower)">
Peter Dickson (rower)

Peter Dickson (27 August 1945 – 27 June 2008) was an Australian rower who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Sydney and his senior rowing was done at the Leichhardt Rowing Club.
In the five seasons from 1964 to 1968 he was selected in the New South Wales state VIII which contested the Kings Cup at the Australian Rowing Championships. The New South Wales crew were national champions in 1965, 1967 and 1968. 
In 1968 he rowed in the five seat of the Australian boat which won the silver medal in the eights event at the Mexico City Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20776810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776810" title="Louise Archer Elementary School">
Louise Archer Elementary School

Located in the west of the town of Vienna, Virginia, United States, Louise Archer Elementary School is one of many elementary schools part of Fairfax County Public Schools. It is notable for its history and for its designation as a one of several elementary school centers for advanced academic programs in Fairfax County. 
Currently the school has an enrollment of 825 students.
History.
The school was established in 1939 in a black neighborhood as a school for black children. Mrs. Louise Archer served as the school's principal and taught the students with two other teachers. She taught and fed all of the black students. In the early 1940s, the only water was from the Salisbury Spring a mile away. Boys had to go and fetch water, and Mrs. Archer fed the children from a pot-bellied stove. The old school building is what is now part of the northern section of the school near the cafeteria. In 1948, Mrs. Louise Archer died of a heart attack and the school was named in her honor.
AAP program.
Louise Archer has a level 4 Advanced Academics Program (AAP).
Chess Club.
In the 2009 school year, the Louise Archer Chess Club won seven trophies and awards. The school won 3rd place in the country in a tournament in spring 2009, and not far behind in another National Chess Competition. The school has won the Kent Gardens Cup last year and for seven years straight from 2005-2012.
WLATV.
The morning announcements and school news and so on are transmitted on WLATV closed-circuit television that is run by select 5th and 6th grade students.

</doc>
<doc id="20776823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776823" title="Open Isla de Lanzarote">
Open Isla de Lanzarote

The Open Isla de Lanzarote was a tennis tournament held in Lanzarote, Spain, between 2006 and 2008. The event was part of the "challenger series and was played on outdoor hard courts. After 2008, the tournament was cancelled in favour of the Open Costa Adeje – Isla de Tenerife-Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20776829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776829" title="Tommy Wilson (footballer born 1877)">
Tommy Wilson (footballer born 1877)

Thomas Carter Wilson (born 20 October 1877 - 30 August 1940) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Preston. He played for Manchester United, Ashton-in-Makerfield, West Manchester, Ashton Town, Ashton North End, Oldham County, Swindon Town, Blackburn Rovers, Millwall Athletic, Queen's Park Rangers, Aston Villa, Bolton Wanderers, and Leeds City.

</doc>
<doc id="20776848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776848" title="Bob Shirlaw">
Bob Shirlaw

Robert "Bob" Alan Shirlaw (born 9 April 1943) is an Australian rower who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Sydney and his senior rowing was with the Mosman Rowing Club.
In 1964 he was a crew member of the Australian boat which finished ninth in the coxless pairs event.
Four years later he won the silver medal in the bow seat of the Australian boat in the eights competition at the Mexico Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20776857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776857" title="Reptilase time">
Reptilase time

Reptilase time (RT) is a blood test used to detect deficiency or abnormalities in fibrinogen, especially in cases of heparin contamination. 
Reptilase, an enzyme found in the venom of Bothrops snakes, has activity similar to thrombin. Unlike thrombin, reptilase is resistant to inhibition by antithrombin III. Thus, the reptilase time is not prolonged in blood samples containing heparin, hirudin, or direct thrombin inhibitors, whereas the thrombin time will be prolonged in these samples. Reptilase also differs from thrombin by releasing fibrinopeptide A, but not fibrinopeptide B, in its cleavage of fibrinogen. 
Other causes of prolonged reptilase time include the presence of fibrin degradation products, which interfere with fibrin polymerization.

</doc>
<doc id="20776858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776858" title="Abraham Jones House">
Abraham Jones House

The Abraham Jones House is a historic home located at Libertytown, Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story, Flemish bond brick house attached to a later frame structure. Roof features include low "parapets" formed by the extension of the gable walls and at each end of the roof ridge are single flush gable chimneys. The main entrance door is an example of Federal period craftsmanship and design. It is one of the finest Federal houses in Maryland. 
The Abraham Jones House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20776867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776867" title="Essence-Function">
Essence-Function

Essence-Function (體用) is a key concept in Korean Buddhism. The "Awakening of Mahayana Faith", attributed to Aśvaghoṣa (?80-?150 CE), employs Essence-Function. Essence-Function forms a fundamental syncretic and ecumenical application in the philosophy of Wonhyo (617–686 CE). Chinul (1158–1210) and Kihwa (1376–1433) also employ and develop this idea of Essence-Function in their writings in particular ways. Wonch'uk (613–696) employed the conceptual and analytical tool, Essence-Function, as an exegetical, hermeneutical and syncretic device.
A. Charles Muller is one of the first scholars to open the discourse of Essence-Function in English.
Nomenclature, orthography and etymology.
Essence (體).
體, this character is known as Radical 188 and romanized as "Tai" or "T'i" and is employed in both Cantonese and Mandarin written Chinese where it holds the semantic field: [n body [n shape; form [n entity; unit [n style; fashion; system substance; essence [6 theory (as opposed to practice). Korean pronunciation is 체, or "CHE" using the MCT-2000 Romanization.
Function (用).
用, this character is known as Radical 101 and romanized as "Jung" or "Yung" and is employed in both Cantonese and Mandarin written Chinese where it holds the semantic field: [vuse; employ; apply; operate [v exert [n use effect [5 finance [vn need [v eat; drink Kangxi radical 101. Korean pronunciation is 용, or "YONG" using the MCT-2000 Romanization.
Essence-Function (t'i-yung, 體用 : che-yong, 체용).
Wonhyo developed t'i-yung theory into its most influential form in his commentary on the "Ta ch'eng ch'i hsin lun" ("Treastise on the Awakening of Mahayana Faith"). This scripture proclaims the non-duality of the phenomenal or mundane world and the "tathagata-garbha" (considered equivalent to the one-mind of Yogacara). The "Treastise" 
Metaphor.
A tree, a pervasive living metaphor and mythical symbol throughout human cultures and icon of the branching, generation or lineage archetype, is employed as a teaching tool or hermeneutic device for explaining the relationship and operation of Essence-Function where 'Essence' the deep underlying ineffable cause are the "roots", and the 'Function' are the discernible effects, the "branches". Muller (2005: unpaginated) identifies the metaphor of the "roots" and "branches" as an analogue of Essence-Function within the "Great Learning": "Things have their roots and branches, affairs have their end and beginning. When you know what comes first and what comes last, then you are near the Way."
Doctor (2004: p. 101) renders into English a quotation from Mipham (1846–1912) which has the metaphor of 'roots' and 'branches'. Mipham, familiar with Woncheuk's "Saṃdhinirmocana-sūtra" commentary (known in Tibet as the "Great Chinese Commentary" as it was referred to by Tsongkhapa) that employs essence-function, includes in his "Commentary" to the "Madhyamālaṃkāra" of Śāntarakṣita an open quotation from the 'Mother of the Victorious Ones' (Sanskrit: "Prajñāpāramitā"):
Yet although it is definitely necessary to embrace general learning and reflection, it is meaningful to condense one's practice to its core. The "Mother of the Victorious Ones" give examples of those who abandon the root to search for the branches, those who have come to a sublime feast but search for an inferior meal, those who have found the elephant but search for its foot prints, those who do not turn to the lord who offers many welcome benefits, but turn to the slave who gives little and of inferior quality, and so on. There are some who have, in a similar way, abandoned the root of Dharma, becoming haughty from experiencing the mere husks of works, and who also despise those who possess the key points.
Application of concept.
Muller (1999: p. 4) discusses Essence-Function (t'i-yung) in relation to "words, thoughts and actions" which are known in Tibetan Buddhism as the Three Gateways:
The most important application of t'i-yung thought, however, is to the human being, where the human mind is seen as "essence," and one's words, thoughts and actions are seen as "function."
Interpenetration and nonduality.
'Interpenetration' or 'coalescence' (Wylie: zung 'jug; Sanskrit: yuganaddha; Chinese: 通達) and Essence-Function are mutually informing and fundamentally related doctrinally.
Sung-bae Park (1983: p. 147) identifies essence-function as an East Asian Buddhist strategy to convey nonduality:
Since the "t'i-yung or" "essence-function" construction is originally used by East Asian Buddhists to show a non-dualistic and non-discriminate nature in their enlightenment experience, it should not exclude any other frameworks such as "neng-so" or "subject-object" constructions. Nevertheless the essence-function construction must be distinguished from the subject-object construction from a scholastic perspective because the two are completely different from each other in terms of their way of thinking.
Korean Buddhism.
Sung-bae Park (2009: p. 11) holds that:
"...the terms "mom" and "momjit" are familiar to all Koreans, and have their roots in ancient history. Although I translated them in the introduction as "essence" and "function", a more accurate definition (and the one the Korean populace is more familiar with) is "body" and "the body's functions". The implications of "essence/function" and "body/its functions" are similar, that is, both paradigms are used to point to a nondual relationship between the two concepts. There is a subtle but crucial difference, however, between the two models, "essence/function" and "body/its functions". The term essence/function (which is often translated by East Asian scholars into the Chinese term t'i-yung) has a rather abstract, philosophical tone, connoting an impression of being somewhat removed from the nitty-gritty details of everyday life. My primary interest, however, is in the human being's personal understanding and experience of nonduality."
Origins of the term.
The t'i-yung paradigm has roots in the Wei-Chin era of Chinese history, whose predominant intellectual trend was "Unification of the Three Teachings" ideology, i.e., the quest for a theoretical reconciliation among Confucianism, Daoism, and Buddhism. The theory was at first known as pen-mo ("primary-last" or "primary-subordinate"), which developed into t'i-yung. In the initial development of the theory, "thinkers considered one of the three philosophies as 'the primary' or 't'i' and the others as 'the last' or 'yung,' insisting that their own philosophy was superior to the others." However, although the theory was used to arrange the three teachings hierarchically, it also confirmed their inner unity. An especially noteworthy philosopher in this tradition was Wang Pi, who used the pen-mo theory to synthesize Daoism and Confucianism.

</doc>
<doc id="20776881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776881" title="Alan Grover">
Alan Grover

Alan Geoffrey Grover (born 24 September 1944) is an Australian rower who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics, the 1968 Summer Olympics, and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Sydney and his senior rowing was with the Sydney Rowing Club.
For five consecutive years from 1962 to 1969 he coxed the New South Wales state VIII which contested the Kings Cup at the Australian Rowing Championships. He made a return to senior rowing in 1980 and that year again steered the New South Wales state VIII.
In 1964 he was the coxswain of the Australian boat which finished tenth in the coxed fours event at the Tokyo Olympics. Four years later he was the coxswain of the Australian boat which won the silver medal in the eights competition at the 1968 Mexico City Olympics. At the 1972 Games he was finished eighth as coxswain of the Australian boat in the Men's eight event at the Munich Olympics.
In business life Grover was a long-time employee of the Australian Olympic Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20776882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776882" title="United States presidential election in South Dakota, 2008">
United States presidential election in South Dakota, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in South Dakota took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 3 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
South Dakota was won by Republican nominee John McCain by an 8.4% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a red state. Like the other states located in the Great Plains region, South Dakota is a predominantly rural and sparsely populated state with conservative voting tendencies which favors the Republicans, who dominate elections at the state and federal level in the state. South Dakota stayed in the GOP column in 2008 as Republican John McCain carried the state with 53.16%.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
McCain won every single pre-election poll, and never polled less than 47%. The highest Obama ever polled was 43%. The final 3 polls showed McCain leading 50% to 42%.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $287,533 in the state. Barack Obama raised $337,053.
Advertising and visits.
Obama and his interest groups spent $639,435. McCain and his interest groups spent just $1,531. Obama didn't visit the state, as McCain visited the state once, in Sturgis, South Dakota.
Analysis.
South Dakota, a predominantly Republican state, has not voted for a Democratic presidential nominee since Lyndon B. Johnson won the state in the landslide Election of 1964. A sparsely populated state with a rural and conservative lifestyle of many of the state's inhabitants, since then, the state has been won handily by the Republicans.
McCain was able to keep South Dakota in the GOP column in 2008, taking in 53.16% of the total statewide vote over Obama who received 44.75%, an 8.41-percent margin of victory. This margin of victory was considerably smaller compared to 2004 when George W. Bush carried South Dakota with 59.91% of the vote over John Kerry who received 38.44%, a 21.47% margin of victory, resulting in a 13.06-percent swing to the Democrats in 2008.
While McCain did well throughout the state, his main strength was in Western South Dakota, where he often won by landslide margins. He was able to carry Pennington County, South Dakota, which contains the state's second largest city of Rapid City. In contrast, Obama ran best in Eastern South Dakota, losing most counties by fairly close margins. He also did well among Native Americans; in Western South Dakota, the only counties Obama won were majority Native American.
Obama was able to substantially improve upon John Kerry's showing in South Dakota in 2004 by a number of factors. First, it helped that South Dakota received media attention during the course of the 2008 Democratic Primary, being the last state to vote in the historic and contentious primary that gave Hillary Rodham Clinton an 11-point victory over Obama; it was Clinton's last victory in the primary. In the general election, Obama was able to cut the margin significantly by narrowly carrying Minnehaha County, which contains the state's largest city of Sioux Falls. He was also able to win Brown County, which contains Aberdeen, as well as Brookings County which contains Brookings, home of South Dakota State University. He did much better than Kerry in Eastern South Dakota, which is where most of the people live, but McCain's margins throughout the state were too large to overcome.
During the same election, incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Tim Johnson was soundly reelected over Republican State Senator Jim Dykstra by a two-to-one margin, receiving 62.49% of the vote to Dykstra's 37.51%. At the state level, Democrats made gains in the South Dakota Legislature, picking up four seats in the South Dakota House of Representatives.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
Due to the state's low population, only one congressional district is allocated. This district, called the At-Large district, because it covers the entire state, and thus is equivalent to the statewide election results.
Electors.
Technically the voters of South Dakota cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. SD is allocated 3 electors because it has 1 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 3 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 3 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 3 were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin:

</doc>
<doc id="20776887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776887" title="Shaktyavesha Avatar">
Shaktyavesha Avatar

Shaktyavesh Avatar (Devanagari: , IAST: "") is a type of incarnation, avatar, of Lord Krishna. "Whenever the Lord is present in someone by portions of His various potencies, the living entity representing the Lord is called a śaktyāveśa-avatāra — that is, an incarnation invested with special power."
Unlike other avatars which are amsas, expansions, or amsaamsa, expansions of expansions of the Lord Himself, a shaktyavesh avatar is when the Lord empowers a living entity, jiva, with the potency of God Himself.
Shakti means Power; Avesha means endowed; Avatar means one who descends from the spiritual realm, incarnation.
The following description of the various types of avatars is given in the ancient Garga Samhita.
It is stated in the Śrī Caitanya Caritāmṛta Madhya 20.246
and also in that same chapter it is stated:

</doc>
<doc id="20776896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776896" title="Robin Plunket, 8th Baron Plunket">
Robin Plunket, 8th Baron Plunket

Captain Robin Rathmore Plunket, 8th Baron Plunket (3 December 1925 – 16 November 2013), was a descendent of prominent Irish lawyer and Whig politician William Conyngham Plunket for whom the Peerage of the United Kingdom (not of Ireland) was created in 1827.
Plunket was christened on 1 February 1926 at St Saviour's Church, Walton Street, London. His godmother was his parents' friend, HRH The Duchess of York (later HM Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother), who was represented on this occasion by Mabell Ogilvy, Countess of Airlie. He was the second son of Terence Conyngham Plunket, 6th Baron Plunket of Newton and his wife, the former Dorothé Mabel Lewis. Lord and Lady Plunket were killed in an aircraft crash in 1938, and their three sons (Robin Rathmore Plunket, Patrick Terence William Span Plunket, and Shaun Albert Frederick Sheridan Plunket) were brought up by their father's sister, the Hon. Helen Rhodes. 
Education.
Robin Rathmore Plunket was educated at Eton College and served in the Army.
Personal life.
He married Jennifer Southwell, daughter of Bailey Southwell and his wife, the former Erica Barry, on 8 November 1951. The Plunkets, who had no children, lived in London. 
Robin Rathmore Plunket became 8th Baron in 1975 on the death of his elder brother. He sat in the House of Lords on various occasions.
Legacy.
On his death the title passed to his nephew, Tyrone Shaun Terence Plunket (b. 1966), only son of Lord Plunket's youngest brother, the Hon. Shaun Albert Frederick Sheridan Plunket (1931—2012).
Links.
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

</doc>
<doc id="20776899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776899" title="Summercourt">
Summercourt

Summercourt () is a village in central Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is in the civil parish of St Enoder five miles (8 km) south-east of Newquay. The village is centered on the crossroads at of the old course of the A30 road (now re-routed north of the village as a dual carriageway bypass) and the A3058 Newquay to St Austell road.
Education.
There is a village school, Summercourt Community Primary School, which is a combined primary and junior school. It has a capacity of just over 100 pupils.
The school started its life as the National School, Summercourt, in 1828 and was the first school in the area - taking children from Summercourt, Fraddon, Mitchell and even Indian Queens. At first it was only for boys - and consisted of one small room. A year later, girls were also permitted to attend.
Since that time, the school has increased in size considerably to its present size.
The village today.
The village has two pubs, the London Inn on School Road and Stiltskins at Carvynick (previously Viners). There is a shop and a post office.
Summercourt fair.
Summercourt fair is a Charter fair held in Summercourt in the last week of September each year; at over 800 years old, it is the longest-established fair in Cornwall.

</doc>
<doc id="20776905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776905" title="Alex Cullen (journalist)">
Alex Cullen (journalist)

Alex Cullen (born 28 November 1980) is a journalist for "Sunday Night" and "Seven News".
Cullen began working as a reporter for "Seven News" in Perth in 2006, before moving to be a sports producer on "Sunrise" in 2007. Six months later, Cullen returned to the screen as a general reporter for Sydney's edition of "Seven News". 
Alex was appointed as weekend sports presenter in late 2007, before becoming weeknight sports presenter in January 2009 after Matt White left the position to host "Today Tonight".
In addition to working with Seven Network, Cullen has worked for Golden West News, 2BS, B-Rock FM and 2GB.
In April 2010, Cullen was promoted to reporter of Seven's "Sunday Night" public affairs program, with Tony Squires replacing him as weeknight sport presenter on "Seven News Sydney".
Early life.
Alex was born in Coonamble and attended Coonamble High School.

</doc>
<doc id="20776944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776944" title="Phintys">
Phintys

Phintys (or Phyntis, ; 4th or 3rd century BC) was a Pythagorean philosopher. Nothing is known about her life, nor where she came from. She wrote a work on the correct behaviour of women, two extracts of which are preserved by Stobaeus.
Nothing is known about the life of Phintys. It is not even certain whether she wrote the work which bears her name. Stobaeus calls her the daughter of Callicrates; and it has been suggested that she was the daughter of Callicratidas, the Spartan admiral who lived in the late 5th century BC, but this is pure conjecture. Two fragments of her work survive, written in the Doric dialect of the 4th or 3rd century BC. Iamblichus lists a Philtys of Croton, daughter of Theophrius, in his catalogue of female Pythagoreans, but apart from a similarity in names, there is no other reason to connect the two figures.
The two extracts of her work which survive are each about a page long. They focus on the need for a woman to be chaste, arguing that a woman wrongs the gods and natural law if she does not do so. She further states that a woman's greatest honour is to bear children which resemble their father, and that a woman must dress in moderation and not embellish her appearance. Although her arguments favour a traditional role for women, she does argue that it is important for a woman to practice philosophy because courage, justice, and intelligence are common to both men and women.

</doc>
<doc id="20776971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776971" title="GreenCine Daily">
GreenCine Daily

GreenCine Daily is a film and film criticism news site operated by the online video rental service GreenCine. 
The site was originally edited by David Hudson, who developed a format that curated links to articles, reviews, interviews and podcasts. Over the course of Hudson's tenure, the site became one of the centers of the online film community. In 2009, Hudson moved the format to the website of IFC as the "IFC Daily," and later to Mubi as the "Daily Mubi."
Since January 1, 2009, GreenCine Daily has been edited by Aaron Hillis. The site's current emphasis is on original content, and it includes writings by critics such as Vadim Rizov, Nick Schager and Steve Dollar.
Editorship.
The site was originally edited and written by David Hudson, who held in his position until December 31, 2008, after which he moved the format to a similar blog at the website of IFC. Soon afterwards, Hudson moved the format to the film website Mubi, where it became known as the "Daily Mubi." During his tenure, Hudson described the site as "not a blog people come to read about movies; it's a blog people come to find out where to read about movies." Though GreenCine itself is based in San Francisco, Hudson lives in Berlin and published the site from there.
Since January 1, 2009, GreenCine Daily has been edited by Aaron Hillis, a film critic who is also one of the founders of the DVD label Benten Films and the curator of the New York City-based reRun Gastropub Theater. Under Hillis' editorship, the site has moved towards posting exclusively original content.

</doc>
<doc id="20776978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776978" title="Quintana Olleras">
Quintana Olleras

Blas Olleras y Quintana (born 1851 in Avila, Spain - died 1919 in Florence, Italy) was a Spanish painter. 

</doc>
<doc id="20776990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776990" title="Hopewell (Union Bridge, Maryland)">
Hopewell (Union Bridge, Maryland)

Hopewell is a set of historic homes and farm complexes located at Union Bridge, Carroll County, Maryland, United States. It consists of four related groupings of 19th century farm buildings. The Hopewell complex consists of two historic farms: Hopewell and the smaller F.R. Shriner (Sam's Creek) Farm.
Hopewell's two story main house dates from 1818. It has the distinction of having the first interior bathroom installed in Frederick County outside the City of Frederick. The main farm also contains a stone dairy, a frame privy, a frame carriage house, a frame workshop, a brick smokehouse, a brick bake oven, an ice house, and a frame Pennsylvania barn. There are two tenant complexes associated with Hopewell.
The F.R. Shriner Farm lies in Carroll County and consists of a brick two-story house on a raised coursed marble foundation, two smokehouses, an outhouse, a Pennsylvania barn, two corrugated iron silos, a double corncrib-wagon shed, two modern feed/storage buildings, a chicken coop, garage, work shed, piggery, and tractor shed. 
Hopewell was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20776992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776992" title="2001–02 Iranian Basketball Super League">
2001–02 Iranian Basketball Super League

The following is the final results of the Iran Super League 2001/02 basketball season.

</doc>
<doc id="20776997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776997" title="Aspria Tennis Cup">
Aspria Tennis Cup

The Aspria Tennis Cup (formerly Zenith Tennis Cup and Aspria Tennis Cup) is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually at the Harbour Club Milano in Milan, Italy, since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20776999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20776999" title="Vataça Lascaris">
Vataça Lascaris

Lady Vataça Lascaris (1268, in Ventimiglia – 1336, in Coimbra), also referred as "Vatatsa Lascaris, Vataça of Ventimiglia, Dona Betaça, Betaça de Grécia, Vatatsa or Vetacia" was an Italian princess of Byzantine Greek origin.
Lady Vataça was the daughter of Princess Eudoxia Laskarina (1248–1311) of the Empire of Nicaea and Guillermo Pietro I, Count of Ventimiglia and Lord of Tende (~1230-1283). Eudoxia was the fourth daughter of Theodore II Laskaris and sister of young emperor John IV Laskaris, who was withdrawn from the throne by co-regent Michael VIII Palaiologos in 1261. After the conquest of Constantinople, Michael proclaimed himself sole ruler, blinding and displacing the young emperor and marrying the remaining princesses to foreigners. Eudoxia, still a child, married in 1261 in Constantinople with Count Pedro of the House of Ventimiglia and Tende (a region that retains the Byzantine double-headed eagle as a symbol), traveling then to Liguria.
At the same time must have fled from the Byzantine court Constance II of Hohenstaufen (Ann of Sicily) (1230–1307), widow empress of John III Doukas Vatatzes (c. 1193-1254) Eudoxia's grandfather, returning to her native Sicily were her brother Manfred of Sicily ruled. In 1266, after the death of Manfred and conquest of Sicily by Charles of Anjou, Constance fled to Aragon where her niece Constance of Sicily (1249–1302) was consort of Peter III of Aragon and mother of Elisabeth of Aragon. Eudoxia also sought Aragon to escape Angevin dominance of Genoa or/and by the time her husband died. Both Byzantine noble ladies where protected and respected at the court, probably given their importance in the medieval fights and diplomacy between Aragon, Sicily and Byzantine Empire, thus explaining Vataça and Queen Elisabeth proximity, friendship and interests.
Lady Vataça came to Portugal with Elizabeth of Aragon, for the wedding with King Denis of Portugal in 1288. Court lady and friend of the future Saint Elizabeth of Portugal, to whom she was related as a descendant of Andrew II of Hungary father of Saint Elisabeth of Hungary, she was charged with the education of her children. In 1302 she followed the first born Constance of Portugal to Castile, for her wedding with Ferdinand IV of Castile, to seal the peace between the two kingdoms. There she stood until Constance’s death, who had left her infant Alfonso XI of Castile on her guard while traveling to Avila, where the court was to decide about the tutorship of the infant king. Constance died in this travel and Vataça returned to Portugal.
In 1317, Lady Vataça established a small court in Santiago do Cacém castle, given to her by King Denis in 1310/15, where she dedicated herself to the administration of her large possessions until 1325 or 1332, when she followed Queen Elisabeth to Coimbra. She died there in 1336 and her impressive tomb in the Old Cathedral of Coimbra, attributed to Mestre Pero sculptor, is surrounded by double-headed eagles, symbol of the Laskaris dynasty and the Byzantine Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="20777025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777025" title="Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets">
Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets

Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets were a rock and roll group formed in Cardiff, Wales in 1969. Although most notable now for their lead singer Shakin' Stevens, who went on to become one of the UK's most popular artists of the 1980s, the band released several records and toured extensively throughout the 1970s. A version of the Sunsets, containing original members, still tours annually in the UK, Europe and Australia.
History.
Early years.
Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets evolved from the rock and roll scene in and around the Penarth and Ely areas just outside of Cardiff. One of its leading lights since the late 1950s was the Backbeats, a band fronted by Robert Llewellyn (who performed under the name of Rockin' Louie) and managed by Paul 'Legs' Barrett, a local entrepreneur and "card-carrying Communist". 
A keen fan of the group was a youngster named Michael Barratt who frequently used to approach Louie for singing and dancing tips and, soon enough, Michael was being referred to as 'Rockin' Louie II'. By the mid 1960s however, Michael had formed his own band. Originally named the Olympics, then the Cossacks, they finally decided to call themselves the Denims, by which point they found themselves as a support act to Michael's heroes, the Backbeats. Eventually, when the Denims fell apart, Michael wasted no time in forming a new group named the Rebels. It was this outfit that Paul Barrett reluctantly came to see after a recommendation early in 1969. Although distinctly unimpressed with the band itself, Barrett saw something in their young singer who, only a few years earlier, had been hanging around looking for ideas from the Backbeats. He offered to manage Michael on two conditions: firstly, he would have to ditch his group and, secondly, he must find himself an exciting new stage name. Agreeing to both suggestions, the ambitious young Welshman promptly left the Rebels and then, inspired either by the memory of an old school friend playing bat and ball or maybe even an eccentric local roadsweeper, Michael Barratt became Shakin' Stevens.
Deciding that the group would be named Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets, Paul Barrett set about assembling a backing band for his new protege. Several musicians passed through the ranks of the Sunsets during these early days. There was a transitional period as the Backbeats evolved into the Sunsets which saw Dave Goddard and Sid Petherick briefly retained from the old band on bass and lead guitar respectively. Then, after two short lived guitarists by the names of Alan Langford and Mike Bibby, the band finally settled upon Carl Petersen. Early bass player Stephen Pryor was soon replaced by Steve Percy, while the original drummer Brian Williams was replaced after Paul Barrett had managed to persuade former Backbeats frontman Rockin' Louie to hammer out a rhythm for the Sunsets. On saxophone was Paul Dolan (actually a guitarist who was a veteran of the Cardiff music scene for many years) and this early line up was completed by London born Trevor Hawkins on piano, who had offered his services when the formative band played a gig at the Northcote Arms in Southall.
As a hardcore rock and roll fan, Paul Barrett was both surprised and amused at John Lennon's appearance at a rock and roll revival show in Toronto in September 1969 and promptly wrote a letter to the music press inviting Lennon to audition for the Sunsets. The offer may have escaped the Beatle's attention, but it was enough for the Rolling Stones management to offer the group a support slot at their forthcoming show at the Saville Theatre in London on December 14. The resultant gig suggested that Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets were not quite ready for the big time. A nervous Shaky was disconcerted at having to use Mick Jagger's PA system and, when realising he had left his drumsticks back in Cardiff, Louie had to borrow a pair from Charlie Watts. On discovering his snare stand was also missing, he resorted to resting the drum on an upturned fire bucket.
False dawns.
The Rolling Stones gig soon proved to be the first of many false dawns for Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets. After a few low key dates around Cardiff, 1970 saw the band returning to the Northcote Arms in London. Among the crowd during one of these gigs was the Radio 1 DJ John Peel, who wrote a generous review of the experience for his column in the weekly music paper "Disc". He was so impressed with the Sunsets that he even offered the group a record deal with his Dandelion label. With John Peel as producer, the group recorded a number of tracks which Paul Barrett, and some members of the Sunsets, felt were not quite up to scratch. Peel was keen to release the tracks on a 10" LP but the band were concerned that they were seen as nothing more than a novelty act and subsequent events were to distance the band from the radio personality.
Shortly after the Peel sessions, the band were rehearsing at a venue in Cardiff named the Drope when they happened to be overheard by local hero Dave Edmunds as he passed in his car on the way to his bass player John Williams' nearby house. As a member of the Raiders, Edmunds had been a performer on the same Cardiff circuit as the Backbeats in the late 50s and early 60s. Since then, however, he had gone on to greater things forming Love Sculpture who had a top 5 hit in the UK with "Sabre Dance" in 1968. Recognising the ex-Backbeats and being suitably convinced by their performance, Dave offered to record Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets at Rockfield Studios in Monmouth. With Edmunds promising to get the Sunsets signed to his current label Parlophone, this effectively put an end to the band's association with John Peel. Although a much more successful foray into the studio than the Dandelion tapes, the sessions were not without their problems. Remembering Rockin' Louie as a frontman from the Backbeat days, Dave Edmunds insisted Louie sang lead vocals on several of the tracks, much to Shaky's annoyance. One of Louie's vocals was for the Smiley Lewis song "I Hear You Knocking". Although it was, at the time, an unfamiliar song to Edmunds, he was inspired to record his own version later that same year.
As promised, Dave Edmunds got the band signed to Parlophone and the album "A Legend" was issued in October 1970. The album received some positive reviews, particularly for the authenticity of Edmunds' production which was full of 50s style slapback echo. Preceded in August by the single "Spirit Of Woodstock" (backed by "Down On The Farm" which was sung by Louie and was Edmunds' preference for the A-side) the album sold very poorly despite both sides of the single receiving some airplay. The Sunsets' fortunes began to deteriorate further when Dave Edmunds' own version of "I Hear You Knocking" was released as a single and began storming up the charts. When Parlophone had initially declined to release the song, Edmunds offered it to MAM Records instead. However, as soon as the record had reached number one in the UK and was on its way to selling five million copies, the EMI label claimed a breach of contract. The resulting backlash saw Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets removed from the Parlophone roster.
Following the Parlophone disappointment, the band experienced a few personnel changes. After a drunken episode which saw him smash a full bottle of whisky over Shaky's head, bassist Steven Percy was asked to leave the Sunsets. Also, unhappy with being based in Cardiff, Trevor Hawkins decided to leave the group and return to London. Their replacements were bass player George Chick, who offered an exciting visual element with his wild stage performance, and Bristolian rock and roll pianist Mike 'Ace' Skudder, who was also no slouch when it came to entertaining an audience.
With the new line-up the band recorded a cover of Fats Domino's "All By Myself" for a compilation album called "Battle Of The Bands". The producer on the session was Donny Marchand, an American now resident in the UK. Marchand promised the Sunsets that, with his connections in the music business, he could get them a contract with CBS Records. True to his word, CBS did indeed offer the band a deal and Marchand took the Sunsets into Morgan Studios in Willesden to record their second album, "I'm No J.D.", which was issued in the autumn of 1971. Halfway through the sessions, Carl Petersen left and the album was completed with the ace Welsh rock and roll guitarist Mickey Gee. Although he remained with the Sunsets to play a few gigs after the sessions had finished, his stay with the band was short lived. However, Mickey Gee was to perform a major role in Shakin' Stevens' success of the early 80s, adding his distinctive lead guitar to many of Shaky's biggest hit records. With CBS reportedly ignoring Donny Marchand's advice to release the album as a budget price record, "I'm No J.D." sold, in Marchand's own words, "1,000 copies". Unsurprisingly, CBS dropped the band shortly after the album was released. 
Early in 1972, the band were offered the chance to record another album with Donny Marchand for the budget label Contour, a subsidiary of Polydor. The Sunsets were reluctant to agree at first having yet to receive royalties from Marchand for "I'm No J.D.". However, with the promise that the financial issues would soon be resolved, the band (with new guitarist Willie Blackmore) went into Majestic Studios in Clapham and rush recorded the album (along with the single "Sweet Little Rock And Roller") in one day. The Sunsets were hugely disappointed with the results and yet again the record, named "Rockin' And Shakin' ", failed to sell.
Despite their lack of chart success, Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets were still a hugely popular live act enjoying regular and well attended gigs across the UK. They had developed a loyal and enthusiastic following, so much so that they were voted the 'Top British Rock And Roll Group (Of The Old School)' in NME's 1972 poll. Their reputation as a live act soon spread to Europe and the group embarked on a tour of Sweden in August 1972. By this point, the line up had changed again with Ian Lawrence replacing Blackmore on guitar and Tony Britnall (previously with the Fortunes and Jigsaw) becoming the new sax player. Britnall was another showman to complement George Chick and Ace Skudder, not to mention the "actual" frontman Shakin' Stevens. The Sunsets had now grown into a formidable live act which was being lapped up by the Europeans who, unlike British audiences, had yet to tire of rock and roll music.
The Dutch years.
A meeting in the autumn of 1972 with a Dutchman named Cyril Van Der Hemel convinced Paul Barrett that Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets should forget about the unprofitable one-off record deals in Britain and should instead concentrate on the much more lucrative live circuit on the European continent. Van Der Hemel ran a production company named Tulip which focused on promoting British acts who had failed in their homeland. He promised the Sunsets professionally run tours in Holland and other parts of Europe and a Dutch record contract which the band might actually be able to make some money out of. With nothing to lose, Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets readily accepted the Tulip deal and, as a result, spent a large part of 1973 touring Holland with a reasonable amount of success.
A record deal was struck with Dureco Records which resulted in the release (via the Pink Elephant label) of the album "Shakin Stevens & Sunsets" and the singles "Honey Honey" and "Spirit Of Woodstock" (a re-recording of their debut single). The Sunsets were considered successful enough in Holland for them to be placed above Argent on the bill at that August's Emmen Festival, much to the disgust of the prog rock giants who were something of a big deal in the UK at the time. The band were also beginning to enjoy some exposure on European TV, most notably a typically raucous performance on the German show "Hits A Go Go". The album and "Honey Honey" single were eventually licensed to the Emerald Gem label for release in the UK but, perhaps predictably, both sunk without trace. It would be well over two years before Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets were to release anymore records in Britain. Not that the Sunsets were short of gigs in the UK. One notable appearance around this time was at the 21st birthday party for Kenneth Tynan's daughter at the Young Vic theatre in London. Amongst the star studded crowd were Peter Sellers and Liza Minnelli as well as the Irish novelist Edna O'Brien who apparently took a very keen interest in Shakin' Stevens, inviting him back to her Chelsea flat. The happily married Shaky only agreed on the proviso that he could bring the rest of the band with him.
Early 1974 saw yet more upheavals in the band's line-up as both Ian Lawrence and George Chick left the group to be replaced by Mike Lloyd Jones and Malcolm Priest on lead guitar and bass respectively. The irrepressible Tony Britnall also decided it was time to move on and chose to remain in Holland, where he later become involved in the team behind the Stars on 45 phenomenon of the early 80s. In spite of the many British and European touring commitments, Shaky still found time to record a cover of Ricky Nelson's "Lonesome Town", although this time backed by Dureco session musicians rather than the Sunsets. Thanks in part to a prominent TV appearance, the single (still credited to Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets) actually managed to reach the Dutch Top 20. Later during 1974, the Sunsets took advantage of a friend's offer to knock up some demos in his Dutch recording studio. Ironically, these rough recordings, including versions of "Tiger", "Silver Wings" and "Sugaree", were later licensed to numerous labels throughout the 1980s and would end up as probably the most widely distributed of all the music made by Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets.
With Dureco requesting a new LP from the Sunsets, 1975 found Paul Barrett attempting to create a concept album exploring the relationship between the gangsters of the 1930s with the 'outlaw' music created by the rock and roll stars of the 1950s. Taking his lead from the notorious bank robber John Dilinger, Barrett named the album "Manhattan Melodrama" (a reference to the film Dillinger watched shortly before he was shot dead). However, yet again, the band felt they were not given the time to create the record they wanted and, once producer Schell Shelvekins had spent months overdubbing synthesizers and remixing the album to his satisfaction, the Sunsets had just about disowned the project. When the record was finally released later in 1975 (only in Holland), even the sleeve failed to gain the band's appreciation: "I wouldn't have packaged potatoes in that cover", complained Paul Barrett.
With the Dureco agreement at an end, Paul Barrett struck a deal with Dutchman Pieter Meulenbroeks who owned the small Dynamite label. Finding themselves in the most basic of studio facilities the Sunsets produced their most authentic sounding rock and roll recordings since "A Legend". The first fruits of these sessions were the five track "Frantic" EP which was only released at the time in France by the Skydog label. A rare UK release occurred in 1976 when the Phil Bailey-produced single "Jungle Rock" was issued on the Mooncrest label. Nobody was particularly surprised when the single flopped but, when Hank Mizell's original version was reissued weeks later and effortlessly made its way to number three in the UK singles chart (in a manner reminiscent of their 'near miss' with "I Hear You Knocking"), it seemed as if the Sunsets were fated to never make the big time. The Dynamite sessions produced more Dutch-only releases in a single ("You Mostest Girl"), EP ("Sexy Ways") and 10" album ("C'mon Memphis") but these were to prove the final original releases by Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets.
Beginning of the end.
In the Autumn of 1976 Phil Bailey (who had produced the "Jungle Rock" single) approached Track Records with a view to them signing a band he was managing named Rock Island Line. He persuaded Track's Danny Secunda and Mike Shaw to come and see Rock Island Line perform at Warwick University in a bill which also happened to include Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets. By this point the Sunsets had Ian Lawrence back playing steel guitar alongside Mike Lloyd Jones, while George Chick had also returned to replace Mal Priest on bass. Clearly out-performing Rock Island Line, Track's scouts ignored Bailey's group and instead Danny Secunda invited Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets to record two songs with him at Gooseberry Studios. Those songs, "Lightning Bar Blues" and "Lend Me Your Heart", remain unreleased but, according to Paul Barrett are amongst the best recordings the Sunsets ever made. 
Despite their initial interest, Track seemed unsure of their next move. Should they try and attach the Sunsets to the emerging punk rock movement or should they just focus on making Shakin' Stevens a solo star and ditch his backing group? Track's indecision could not have been helped by the increasingly perilous financial state in which the label currently found itself. After another recording session with the Sunsets (this time produced by Charlie Gillett) Track decided on option number two and brought in Mike Hurst to produce a Shakin' Stevens solo single. The result, "Never" was released by Track in March 1977. Sensing which way the wind was blowing, George Chick, Ian Lawrence and Mike Lloyd Jones all left the Sunsets for good and formed a new band named Quarter Moon. Paul Barrett wasted no time in inviting ex-roadie Johnny Chop (real name Colin Hopkins) to take over bass and recruiting Danny Wild to play lead guitar. While Track offered Shaky a solo contract on the strength of "Never", Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets were still regularly gigging as a unit, particularly in London at venues such as the Hope and Anchor, Islington and the Greyhound pub in Fulham.
In September, Track requested a video for Shaky's next single "Somebody Touched Me" single and it was during shooting at the Rock Garden in Covent Garden that Paul Barrett encountered the band Fumble. Contemporaries of the Sunsets on the rock and roll circuit, they informed Barrett that they had a landed a job as the in-house band for Jack Good's upcoming "Elvis - The Musical". With three actors portraying the King, Barrett discovered that the role of the 'middle Elvis' was still up for grabs and immediately realised that Shaky was perfect for the part. While Shaky himself was initially uninterested, he eventually accepted the part after one of Jack Good's team, Annabel Leventon, came to watch him perform at the Greyhound with the Sunsets. 
Paul Barrett was especially keen for Shaky to take the role, realising it was the chance of a lifetime for the singer. Even the rest of the Sunsets were happy for Shaky to take the part, despite the fact that it would most likely leave them without their front man for at least six months. The plan was for Rockin' Louie to take over as lead singer until Shaky was ready to return, by which point the band's profile would be boosted by having a leading West End star fronting the group. As it turned out, Shaky was never to return to the group and their gig at the Broom in Woolwich on 25 October 1977 turned out to be Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets' last performance together.
Life after Shaky.
As soon as Shaky began rehearsals for "Elvis-The Musical", the Sunsets pressed on with their plan to have Rockin' Louie as their frontman. This worked fine until one evening at the Rock Garden (the same venue which had proved the catalyst in Shaky's change of fortune) when an audience became disappointed by the non-appearance of Shakin' Stevens as well as the crazy pianist Ace Skudder, who inexplicably failed to turn up for the gig. The venue's management apparently used this as a reason to negotiate a rebate from Paul Barrett, a suggestion which nearly ended in a violent confrontation. Barrett washed his hands of the group shortly after. While Skudder appeared on Shakin' Stevens' self titled solo album for Track (released shortly before the label went bust), The Sunsets persisted for a few more years before Louie left and reformed the Backbeats with Sid Petherick and Dave Goddard.
By the early 1980s, after signing to Epic Records, Shakin' Stevens finally found chart success, enjoying the first of four UK number one singles in 1981 with "This Ole House" and eventually becoming one of the most successful acts of the 1980s. This unexpected popularity led to an interest in Shaky's back catalogue. EMI had already reissued "A Legend" in 1979 as a result of his appearance in "Elvis-The Musical" and decided to re-release it again in 1981 on their budget MFP label. Both "I'm No J.D." and "Rockin' And Shakin' " were reissued by Pickwick in new sleeves with up to date pictures of Shaky and both were confusingly titled "Shakin' Stevens and the Sunsets". The reissue of "I'm No J.D." even earned a respectable placing in the album charts (although apparently without resulting in any royalty payments to the Sunsets). The Dutch recordings (many issued in the UK for the first time) were re-released by a variety of labels such as Mint and Magnum Force. The most readily available of the Sunsets recordings seemed to be those hastily recorded Dutch demos from 1974, which Phil Bailey had managed to get hold of and licence to as many budget labels in Europe as he could contact. Some of these releases included new recordings featuring Rockin' Louie and even Paul Barrett on vocals and had nothing whatsoever to do with Shakin' Stevens, despite his now immediately recognisable image being prominently displayed on the front cover.
As late as 1993, long after the rush of interest in Shaky's history had subsided, Paul Barrett's sense of injustice at monies owed still persisted. As a result, Shakin' Stevens found himself in Cardiff High Court alongside Dave Edmunds facing charges of non-payment of royalties from former Sunsets Rockin' Louie, Carl Petersen, Steve Percy and Paul Dolan. The prosecution claimed that the former band members were due a share of royalties which Shaky and his management had received from the reissue of "A Legend" in the early eighties. The judge agreed and, while the unpaid royalties only amounted to around £70,000 to be divided amongst all of them, the court costs ended up costing Shaky and Dave Edmunds £500,000.
While Shaky was willing to call a truce after that court case, Paul Barrett was still seething from the non-payment of royalties from the "I'm No J.D." and "Rockin' And Shakin' " albums. As a result, Barrett reissued both albums on a single CD in 2005 under the uncompromising title of "How To Be Awarded Two Gold Records And Not Be Paid A Penny In Royalties", complete with sleeve notes inviting both Sony and Universal (who now officially owned the rights to the two records) to sue him if they believed their copyrights had been infringed. Neither label responded to Barrett's challenge.
After a period of several years away from the limelight, Shakin' Stevens enjoyed a resurgence in popularity thanks to his winning appearance in the 2005 hit UK TV show "Hit Me, Baby, One More Time" which led to his performance at the 2008 Glastonbury Festival. Meanwhile, a version of the Sunsets still exists to this day featuring ex-Backbeats bassist (and original Sunset) Dave Goddard alongside guitarist Lewis Clayton, pianist Neil 'Nutrocker' and drummer Buzz Baker. In recent years the Sunsets has been fronted by Shakin' Stevens' nephew, Levi Barratt.

</doc>
<doc id="20777037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777037" title="Kevin Power">
Kevin Power

Kevin Power (born 19 August 1981) is an Irish writer and academic. He is enrolled in the PhD programme at University College Dublin. His novel "Bad Day in Blackrock" was published by The Lilliput Press, Dublin, in 2008. In April 2009 he received the 2008 Hennessy XO Emerging Fiction Award for his short story "The American Girl" and was shortlisted for RTE's Francis MacManus short story award in 2007 for his piece entitled "Wilderness Gothic". He is the winner of the 2009 Rooney Prize for Irish Literature.

</doc>
<doc id="20777059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777059" title="Ralph Burghart">
Ralph Burghart

Ralph Burghart (born 16 September 1966) is an Austrian figure skater. He is a seven time Austrian national champion. He competed at the 1992 Winter Olympics and placed 18th.
Following his retirement from competitive skating, he skated professionally in the Ice Capades. His son Remington competes in figure skating in the United States and his son Rendell plays tennis for Division 1, Eastern Washington College. Burghart works as a coach in Alaska and recently married former model and actress, Cheryl Burghart. Among his students is Keegan Messing.

</doc>
<doc id="20777074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777074" title="2006–07 Maltese Third Division">
2006–07 Maltese Third Division

The Maltese Third Division 2006–07 (known as "BOV 3rd Division 2006-07" due to sponsorship reasons) started on September 24 and finished on May 7. The Division is formed of 19 teams and each team plays each other once. Mdina Knights made their league debut after they were founded in 2006. Mgarr United won the Division by a single point over Sirens. Both were promoted to the Second Division. The 3rd, 4th and 5th finishing teams played a Relegation-Promotion Playoff with the 10th finishing team of the Second Division. These were Zurrieq, Fgura and Qrendi. The 10th finishing team of Second Division were Zebbug. Zurrieq won the playoff group and therefore were promoted with Mgarr and Sirens.
The Maltese Third Division 2006–07 teams were:
Changes from previous season.
Relegated from Maltese Second Division 2005-06
Maltese Third Division 2006-07 Standings.
"As of May 2007"
Results.
For a complete set of results,see 1

</doc>
<doc id="20777081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777081" title="Amelung House and Glassworks">
Amelung House and Glassworks

The Amelung House and Glassworks is a historic home located at Urbana, Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It is a two story, late-Georgian brick home on a stone foundation built about 1785. The property once had the New Bremen glassworks built by Johann Friedrich Amelung after he came to Maryland in 1784; no above-ground remains of the factory remain. Fine examples of New Bremen glass work may be seen at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City; the Corning Museum of Glass in Corning, New York; and Winterthur Museum in Winterthur, Delaware.
The Amelung House and Glassworks was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20777125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777125" title="H.H. Kemper">
H.H. Kemper

Herman Henry (H. H.) Kemper was an American-born farmer and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Gull Lake in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan from 1934 to 1938.
He was born on a farm in Hebron, Nebraska, the son of Frank Herman Kemper and Louisa Haulker. In 1906, Kemper found work with a survey crew working on the railway west of Edmonton, Alberta. He returned home later that year but, in the summer of 1907, he traveled north again and worked on a farm near Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan. Later in 1907, he settled on a homestead south of Gull Lake. Kemper returned to Nebraska and married Mina Burwell in 1911. The couple returned to Saskatchewan later that same year. After working on a farm near Moose Jaw, they were able to purchase land not far from his original homestead. Kemper served on the rural municipal district council for Arlington.
He was also a director for the Saskatchewan section of the United Farmers of Canada. Kemper was elected during the Saskatchewan general election, 1934, representing Gull Lake as a member of the Farmer-Labour Group (FLG). The FLG was founded in 1932. In 1935, it changed its name and officially became the Saskatchewan section of the national Co-operative Commonwealth Federation or CCF. During the eighth provincial election on June 19, 1934, the FLG had five elected members come to office, including Kemper. He was defeated when he ran for reelection to the provincial assembly in Gull Lake in 1938 and in the Maple Creek federal riding in 1940.
In 1953, Kemper sold his farm and retired to the town of Shaunavon. He died in a car accident near Tompkins while travelling to a CCF rally.

</doc>
<doc id="20777128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777128" title="Kunitz STI protease inhibitor">
Kunitz STI protease inhibitor

Kunitz soybean trypsin inhibitor is a type of protein contained in legume seeds which functions as a protease inhibitor. Kunitz-type Soybean Trypsin Inhibitors are usually specific for either trypsin or chymotrypsin. They are thought to protect seeds against consumption by animal predators.
Background.
Two types of trypsin inhibitors are found in soy: the Kunitz trypsin inhibitor (KTI) and the Bowman-Birk inhibitor (BBI). KTI is a large (20,100 daltons), strong inhibitor of trypsin, while BBI is much smaller (8,000 daltons) and inhibits both trypsin and chymotrypsin. Both inhibitors have significant anti-nutritive effects in the body, affecting digestion by hindering protein hydrolysis and activation of other enzymes in the gut. In soy, KTI is found in much larger concentrations than BBI is soy, however, to achieve the highest nutritional value from this ingredient, both of these inhibitors must be denatured in some way. Whole soybeans have been reported to contain 17–27 mg of trypsin inhibitor per gram.
Structure.
Proteins from the Kunitz family contain from 170 to 200 amino acid residues and one or two intra-chain disulfide bonds. The best conserved region is found in their N-terminal section. The crystal structures of soybean trypsin inhibitor (STI), trypsin inhibitor DE-3 from the Kaffir tree "Erythrina caffra" (ETI) and the bifunctional proteinase K/alpha-amylase inhibitor from wheat (PK13) have been solved, showing them to share the same 12-stranded beta sheet structure as those of interleukin 1 and heparin-binding growth factors. The beta-sheets are arranged in 3 similar lobes around a central axis, 6 strands forming an anti-parallel beta barrel. Despite the structural similarity, STI shows no interleukin-1 bioactivity, presumably as a result of their primary sequence disparities. The active inhibitory site containing the scissile bond is located in the loop between beta-strands 4 and 5 in STI and ETI.
The STIs belong to a superfamily that also contains the interleukin-1 proteins, heparin binding growth factors (HBGF) and histactophilin, all of which have very similar structures, but share no sequence similarity with the STI family.
Action and Consequences of Trypsin Inhibitors.
Trypsin inhibitors require a specific three-dimensional structure in order to follow through with inactivation of trypsin in the body. They bind strongly to trypsin, blocking its active site and instantly forming an irreversible compound and halting digestion of certain proteins. Trypsin, a serine protease, is responsible for cleaving peptide bonds containing carbonyl groups from arginine or lysine. After a meal, trypsin is stimulated by cholecystokinin and undergoes specific proteolysis for activation. Free trypsin is then able to activate other serine proteases, such as chymotrypsin, elastase, and more trypsin (by autocatalysis), or continue breaking down proteins. However, if trypsin inhibitors (specifically KTI) are present, the majority of trypsin in the cycle of digestion is inactivated and ingested proteins remain whole. Effects of this occurrence include gastric distress, and pancreatic hyperplasia (proliferation of cells) or hypertrophy (enlargement of cells). 
The amount of soy inhibitors is directly related to the amount of trypsin it will inhibit, therefore a product with high concentration of soy is suspect to produce large values of inhibition. In a rat model, animals were fed either soy protein concentrate or direct concentrate of the Kunitz trypsin inhibitor. In both instances, after a week the rats showed a dose-related increase in pancreas weight due to both hyperplasia and hypertrophy. This indicates that long-term consumption of a diet high in soy with strong trypsin inhibitor activity may produce unwanted effects in humans as well.
Inactivation of Trypsin Inhibitors.
A significant amount of research is being done to determine the best method of inhibitor inactivation. The most successful methods found so far include:
Cancer Research.
While trypsin inhibitors have been widely regarded as anti-nutritive factors in soy, research is currently being done on the inhibitors’ possible anti-carcinogenic characteristics. Some research has shown that protease inhibitors can cause irreversible suppressive effect on carcinogenic cell growth. However, the mechanism is still unknown. The cancers showing positive results for this new development are colon, oral, lung, liver, and esophageal cancers. Further research is still necessary to determine things such as the method of delivery for this natural anti-carcinogen, as well as performing extensive clinical trials in this area.

</doc>
<doc id="20777138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777138" title="Green Forest Art Studio">
Green Forest Art Studio

Green Forest Art Studio is a visual arts education center offering children's art classes to the general public. It also hosts art-themed birthday parties. The studio has locations in Taipei, Taiwan and San Francisco, California, United States.
The facility caters for children ages 2 to 15 and classes employ a variety of materials and art-making processes including Chinese painting, drawing, painting in watercolor, acrylic and oil, sketching, mixed media, clay, sculpture and print art.
Instructors at Green Forest Art Studio are led Art Director, Emma Peng, whose background includes study of both fine art and art education (focusing on child development). Prior to moving to San Francisco, Emma founded and managed several children's art studios in Taiwan: Green Forest Art Studio (Taipei), Picasso Art Studio (Taoyuan) and New Image Art Studio (Taipei).
The facility sponsors four affiliate groups of artists: painters, sculptors, watercolorists and printmakers. The Center's gallery program hosts local and national level exhibits on its premises.

</doc>
<doc id="20777142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777142" title="Sacred Heart Catholic Church (Pensacola, Florida)">
Sacred Heart Catholic Church (Pensacola, Florida)

Sacred Heart Catholic Church is a historic church at 716 North 9th Ave in Pensacola, Florida, United States. Completed in 1906, it was sold to the city of Pensacola in 1956. The Unity Church bought the building in 1982. On December 10, 2008, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="20777175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777175" title="German re-armament">
German re-armament

The German rearmament ("Aufrüstung", ) was an era of rearmament in Germany during the interwar period (1918-1939), in violation of the Treaty of Versailles. It began as soon as the treaty was signed, on a small, secret, and informal basis, but it was massively expanded when the Nazi Party came to power. Nazism thus transformed the Weimar Republic's Reichswehr into Nazi Germany's Wehrmacht, a military large enough to launch another world war. 
Despite its scale, the Aufrüstung was for years a largely covert operation, carried out mostly in a cloak-and-dagger manner through organizations (some of which were racketeer-style fronts), until disclosures of German rearmament by Carl von Ossietzky in 1931, which brought him 227 days in jail and won him the 1935 Nobel Peace Prize, but they also triggered the Re-armament policy in the United Kingdom, which escalated after Adolf Hitler withdrew Germany from the League of Nations and the Geneva Disarmament Conference in 1933.
The re-armament program quickly increased the size of the German officer corps, and kept them extremely busy until the outbreak of World War II in 1939. Count Johann von Kielmansegg (1906-2006) later said:
"The re-armament of 36 divisions and many other things, kept us so busy that we didn't reflect much on other things. That's not an excuse; it's a fact".
History.
Weimar era.
Germany's post–World War I rearmament began at the time of the Weimar Republic, when the Chancellor of Germany Hermann Müller, who belonged to the Social Democratic Party (SPD), passed cabinet laws that allowed secret and illegal rearmament efforts. During its early years (1918-1933), the rearmament was relatively small, secret, and supported by a cross-section of Germans motivated by a mixture of patriotism-based nationalism and economics-based nationalism. The latter motive viewed the Treaty of Versailles, which was ostensibly about war reparations and peace enforcement, as being in reality an economic anticompetitive measure by which the British Empire and French colonial empire removed the German Empire from future global economic competition by effectively disbanding it. The World War I reparations would be difficult or impossible to pay without viable export markets for Germany's industrial sector, which was even larger than Britain's. The rearmers' hope was that Germany would slowly and quietly build up sufficient military potency until a time when it would return to colonial economic activity (or effectively similar activity of a neocolonial nature, although that name had not yet been coined for it), but Britain and France would decline to fight another war to enforce the Versailles Treaty, thus bringing the treaty's effects to an end.
An example of the Weimar clandestine rearmament measures was the training and equipping of police forces in a way that made them not just paramilitary in organizational culture (which most police forces are, to one degree or another) but also well prepared to rapidly augment the military as military reserve forces, which the treaty did not allow. Another example was that the government tolerated that various Weimar paramilitary groups armed themselves to a dangerous degree. Their force grew enough to potentially threaten the state's ability to maintain its monopoly on violence, but this was tolerated because the state hoped to use such militias as military reserve forces with which to rearm the Reichswehr in the future. Thus various Freikorps, the Stahlhelm, the Reichsbanner, the Nazi SA, the Nazi SS, and the Ruhr Red Army grew from street gangs into private armies. 
One of the reasons why this militarization of society was difficult to prevent relates to the distinction between the government (meaning the executive) and the state. The democratically elected government, being composed of groups of people, inevitably reflected the factional strife and cultural militarism among the populace. But the German Revolution of 1918–19 had not truly settled what the nature of the German state ought to be; in a way parallel to how the Russian Revolution (1917) was followed by the Russian Civil War (1917-1922), Germany after its revolution was not very far from civil war—the different factions all hoped to transform the German state into the one that they thought it should be (which would require violent suppression of the other factions), and they expected their private armies to merge into the state's army (the Reichswehr) if they could manage to come to power. During the Republic's era of democracy, they all participated in the democratic definition of coming to power (winning votes), but many of them, on all sides, planned to abolish or diminish democracy in the future, if they could first get into position to do so. Some of the antidemocratic ideas aimed for zero democracy via totalitarianism (planned on the anticommunist side by Hitler and by the absolutist variants of the monarchists who wanted to restore the recently abolished German monarchy, and planned on the communist side by those opposed to democratic socialism). Others aimed for diminished democracy subordinated in power to other forces (planned on the anticommunist side by advocates of constitutional monarchy within the monarchist sphere, and planned on the communist side by those in favor of democratic socialism). Thus, for example, the Nazis expected their private armies (the SA and SS) not only to fight the communists at present but also to merge with the Reichswehr when the opportunity arrived, just as the Communist Party of Germany expected its private armies (the Ruhr Red Army and its equivalents in other regions) not only to fight the anticommunists at present but also to merge with the Reichswehr when the opportunity arrived. In fact, once that time came in 1933-34 (the Nazis having won out over the communists, first electorally and then in the subsequent power grab), there was a fight among the right-wing/nationalist/anticommunist factions about whether the Reichswehr would be absorbed or replaced by the SA (not the other way around); in other words, the SA was poised to transform from a private army into the state's army, deposing the former state army and absorbing its materiel and however much of its human resources could be tamed and converted.
Nazi government era.
After the Nazi takeover of power in january 1933, the Nazis pursued a greatly enlarged and more aggressive version of rearmament. During its struggle for power, the National Socialist party (NSDAP) promised to recover Germany's lost national pride. It proposed military rearmament claiming that the Treaty of Versailles and the acquiescence of the Weimar Republic were an embarrassment for all Germans. The rearmament became the topmost priority of the German government. Hitler would then spearhead one of the greatest expansions of industrial production and civil improvement Germany had ever seen.
Third Reich Interior Minister Wilhelm Frick, one of the most influential Nazi figures of the time, and Hjalmar Schacht, who (while never a member of the NSDAP) was an initially sympathetic economist, introduced a wide variety of schemes in order to tackle the effects that the Great Depression had on Germany, were the main key players of German rearmament policies.
Dummy companies like MEFO were set up to finance the rearmament; MEFO obtained the large amount of money needed for the effort through the Mefo bills, a certain series of credit notes issued by the Government of Nazi Germany.
Covert organizations like the Deutsche Verkehrsfliegerschule were established under a civilian guise in order to train pilots for the future Luftwaffe. Although available statistics don't include non-citizens or women, the massive Nazi re-armament policy almost led to full employment during the 1930s. The re-armament began a sudden change in fortune for many factories in Germany. Many industries were taken out of a deep crisis that had been induced by the Great Depression.
Some large industrial companies, which had until then specialized in certain traditional products began to diversify and introduce innovative ideas in their production pattern. Shipyards, for example, created branches that began to design and build aircraft. Thus the German re-armament provided an opportunity for advanced, and sometimes revolutionary, technological improvements, especially in the field of aeronautics.
The Spanish Civil War 1936–1939 would provide an ideal testing ground for the proficiency of the new weapons produced by the German factories during the re-armament years. Many aeronautical bombing techiques were tested by the Condor Legion German expeditionary forces against the Republican Government on Spanish soil with the permission of Generalísimo Francisco Franco. Hitler insisted, however, that his long-term designs were peaceful, a strategy labelled as "Blumenkrieg" (Flower War).
Re-armament in the 1930s saw the development of different theories of how to prepare the German economy for total war. The first amongst these was 'defence in depth' which was put forward by Georg Thomas. He suggested that the German economy needed to achieve Autarky (or self-sufficiency) and one of the main proponents behind this was I.G. Farben. Hitler never put his full support behind Autarky and aimed for the development of 'defence in breadth' which espoused the development of the armed forces in all areas and was not concerned with preparing the German economy for war.
Conjectures.
Since World War II, both academics and laypeople have discussed the extent to which German re-armament was an open secret among national governments. A likely element in the thinking of some Western leaders was the willingness to condone a rearmed and powerful anticommunist Germany as a potential bulwark against the emergence of the USSR which, under Stalin, had successfully undergone a late military-industrial revolution. This line of thought was to re-emerge later when Nazi Germany launched its savage unprovoked 'Barbarossa' attack on Soviet territory. Many pragmatists thought it might be expedient to stand by as the Germans and Russians fought themselves to a bloody standstill in the East. The failure of Allied national governments to confront and intercede earlier in Germany is often discussed in the context of the appeasement policies of the 1930s. A central question is whether the Allies should have drawn "a line in the sand" earlier than September 1939, which might have resulted in a less devastating war and perhaps a prevention of the Holocaust. However, it is also possible that anything that caused Hitler not to overreach as soon and as far as he did would only have condemned Europe to a Nazi empire that metastasized more slowly and avoided prompt excision—leaving plenty of time for a Holocaust later, as well as nuclear weapons development, safely behind a Nazi version of an iron curtain. "Unquestionably, such a policy might have enforced a greater circumspection on the Nazi regime and caused it to proceed more slowly with the actualization of its timetable. From this standpoint, firmness at the time of the reoccupation of the Rhineland (7 march 1936) would probably have yielded even better results than firmness at the time of Munich." -George Kennan

</doc>
<doc id="20777182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777182" title="Thomas Gerard Gallagher">
Thomas Gerard Gallagher

Thomas Gerard Gallagher (born 1954) taught politics at the University of Bradford until 2011 and is now Emeritus Professor of Politics at the university.
He has published 11 single-authored books on subjects ranging from Britain's territorial politics, the crisis of the EU, religion and nationalism in contemporary Europe, and conflict and peace-building in the Balkans. 
He publishes regularly in the British media and from 2004 to 2013 had a weekly column in the Romanian daily newspaper Romania libera (Romania being a country which he has written about widely). 
His latest book is called Scotland Divided: Ethnic Friction and Christian crisis and will be published by Argyll Publications in July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20777185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777185" title="Dogs in ancient China">
Dogs in ancient China

Dogs ("Canis lupus familiaris"), known in Classical Chinese as "quan" (), played an important role in ancient Chinese society.
Domestication.
An examination of the genetic evidence by Carles Vila and others confirms that the progenitor of the domestic dog is the wolf ("Canis lupus"). The suggested date of their domestication is about 100,000 BC. While accepting the wolf as the ancestor, paleontologists and archaeologists believe domestication came much later. A reconstruction by a joint team of researchers from China and Sweden postulates that humans may have domesticated dogs from wolves as recently as 15,000 years ago. They found that, while most dogs share a common gene pool, genetic diversity is highest in East Asia, suggesting dogs have been domesticated there the longest. Genetic research suggests that all domestic dogs worldwide may have originated from possibly three female wolves.
The dog, along with the pig, were the earliest animals domesticated in China. Remains of both animals have been found in the oldest Neolithic settlements of the Yangshao (circa 4000 BC) and Hemudu (circa 5000 BC) cultures. Canine remains similar to the Dingo have been found in some early graves excavated in northern China. 
Tests on neolithic dog bones show similarities between dogs from this era and modern-day Japanese dogs, especially the shiba inu.
Dogs as ceremonial sacrifice.
According to Bruno Schindler, the origin of using dogs as sacrificial animals dates back to a primitive cult in honour of a dog-shaped god of vegetation whose worship later became amalgamated with that of Shang Di, the reigning deity of the Shang pantheon.
Systematic excavation of Shang tombs around Anyang since 1928 have revealed a large number of animal and human sacrifices. There was hardly a tomb or a building consecrated without the sacrifice of a dog. At one site, Xiaotong, the bones of a total of 825 human victims, 15 horses, 10 oxen, 18 sheep and 35 dogs were unearthed. Dogs were usually buried wrapped in reed mats and sometimes in lacquer coffins. Small bells with clappers, called "ling" (鈴) have sometimes been found attached to the necks of dogs or horses. The fact that alone among domestic animals dogs and horses were buried demonstrates the importance of these two animals to ancient Chinese society. It's reflected in an idiom passed down to modern times: "to serve like a dog or a horse." (犬馬之勞).
Shang oracle bones mention questions concerning the whereabouts of lost dogs. They also refer to the "ning" (寧) rite during which a dog was dismembered to placate the four winds or honour the four directions. This sacrifice was carried over into Zhou times. The "Er ya" records a custom to dismember a dog to "bring the four winds to a halt." (止風). Other ceremonies involving dogs are mentioned in the "Zhou li". In the "nan" (難) sacrifice to drive away pestilience, a dog was dismembered and his remains buried in front of the main gates of the capital. The "ba" (軷) sacrifice to ward off evil required the Son of Heaven, riding in a jade chariot, to crush a dog under the wheels of his carriage. The character "ba" gives a clue as to how the ceremony took place. It is written with the radical for chariot (車) and a phonetic element which originally meant an animal whose legs had been bound (发). It was the duty of a specially appointed official to supply a dog of one colour and without blemishes for the sacrifice. The blood of dogs was used for the swearing of covenants between nobles. 
Towards the late fifth century BC, surrogates began to be used for sacrifice in lieu of real dogs. The "Dao De Jing" mentions the use of straw dogs as a metaphor:
<poem>
</poem>
However, the practice of burying actual dogs by no means died out. One Zhongshan royal mausoleum, for example, included two hunting dogs with gold and silver neck rings. 
Later, clay figurines of dogs were buried in tombs. Large quantities of these sculptures have been unearthed from the Han dynasty onwards. Most show sickle-shaped tails not unlike the modern shiba inu or akita inu.
Dogs as food.
Dogs, along with pigs, constituted the major source of animal protein in ancient China. "Dog butchers" (狗屠) was a specific (and lowly-regarded) profession. They are called "idle and untrustworthy" by Fan Ye. Dog butchers who rose to prominence include the strongman Zhu Hai, the musician Gao Jianli, and general Fan Kuai (all circa third century BC). 
The ancient word for dog meat was "ran" (肰). Indeed, it was so common that the Old Chinese character meaning "to burn" or "to roast" showed dog meat on top of a fire (然).
The "Zhou Li" divides dogs into three categories: the "tianquan" (田犬) or watchdog, the "feiquan" (吠犬) or barking dog, and the "shi-quan" (食犬) or edible dog. With the exception of the liver every part of the animal was considered edible. 
At the banquests of feudal lords a dish of dog's broth and glutinous rice was considered a great delicacy. For summer, dried fish fried in pungent dog's fat was thought to be cooling. When dog's meat was prepared as sacrificial meat it had first to be marinated in vinegar and pepper.
Dogs for hunting.
Dogs were associated with hunting from very early times. Many words for hunting in the Chinese language are written with the radical for dog - for example, "lie" (獵: hunt), "shou" (狩: winter hunt), "huo" (獲: bird hunt).
The Shang kings recognised "Dog Officers" (犬) who were involved in hunting in a specific area beyond the royal domain. One oracle bone records: "If the king joins with Qin, the Dog Officer at Cheng, there will be no regrets and he will have no disasters." 
There is one reference to dogs in the "Shi Jing", China's earliest anthology of poetry:
<poem>
</poem>
In the Warring States period, the kingdoms of Han and Yan were thought to produce the best hunting dogs. 
Because of their importance and numbers, there was at Shanglin an "inspector of kennels" (狗監; "goujian") who oversaw the raising and training of the hunting dogs for the Han court. 
There is pictorial evidence from early Han tomb tiles of large dogs with collars in the typical pointing position - the body in a slightly crouching position, neck extended horiontally, and one forepaw being under and raised several inches above ground - standing before a flock of geese in flight and several running deer.
Cultural perceptions.
It is clear from the role of dogs in ceremony and as food that they were held in some esteem. Nevertheless, classical literature usually qualified dogs as "hui" treacherous, "jiao" crafty and "si" restless. The Quanrong （犬戎）, literally "Dog nomad-tribe", were enemies of the settled civilizations from the time of the Zhou Dynasty onwards. The tribe claimed descendancy from two large white dogs and worshipped a totem in their honor.
The word for dog was sometimes used in human names. Sima Xiangru, for example, had the nickname Quanzi (犬子), meaning "pup".
Dogs in legend.
According to ancient folk legends, solar eclipses take place because dogs in heaven eat the sun. In order to save the sun from demise, ancient people formed the habit of beating drums and gongs at the critical moment to drive away the dogs.

</doc>
<doc id="20777217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777217" title="Three-bagger">
Three-bagger

Three-bagger may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20777219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777219" title="Bobrov Division">
Bobrov Division

The KHL's Bobrov Division was formed in 2008 as part of the league's inauguration and is part of the Western conference since the second season of KHL when the conferences were established. It is one of 4 divisions. It is named in honor of Vsevolod Bobrov; storied ice hockey gold medalist for the Soviet Union and former CSKA and VVS player.
Division lineup.
The Bobrov division is currently made up of the following teams:
Lineup history.
Initial lineup (2008).
In the first KHL season, the division alignment was determined by team strength and the Bobrov division consisted of:
Salavat Yulaev Ufa, Atlant Moscow Oblast, HC Dinamo Minsk, Metallurg Novokuznetsk, Severstal Cherepovets and Spartak Moscow.
Re-alignment in 2009.
With the geographical alignment of the divisions for the 2009–10 season, the composition of the Bobrov division was completely changed. Only Spartak Moscow and Dinamo Minsk remained in the division. They were joined by the two other teams from Moscow, CSKA Moscow and Dynamo Moscow, as well as SKA Saint Petersburg and Dinamo Riga. Thus, the division was made up of the most westerly teams of the KHL.
Dynamo-MVD merger (2010).
In 2010, Dynamo Moscow merged with HC MVD (from the Tarasov Division). The new team, UHC Dynamo, took the place of the old Dynamo in this division. Dinamo Minsk left for the Tarasov Division and was replaced by HC Lev Poprad in this division. However later Lev was excluded from the league and the Bobrov Division became the first division in the history of the KHL to have the number of teams at 5 instead of 6.
2011 Expansion.
In 2011, the KHL expanded for the first time beyond the borders of the post-Soviet states by admitting HC Lev Poprad, a newly formed team that is based in Poprad, Slovakia.
2012 Expansion.
The expansion to 26 teams for the 2012–13 season caused some re-alignments among the Western conference divisions.
The two newcomers Slovan Bratislava from Slovakia and HC Donbass from Ukraine were added to the Boborv division. In the meantime, two Moscow teams, Spartak and CSKA were moved to the Tarasov Division, while Vityaz Chekhov move to Bobrov. HC Lev Poprad was dissolved and replaced by a new organization, Lev Praha from Prague, Czech Republic. This brought the number of teams in the Bobrov division to 7, representing 5 different countries.
2013 Expansion and re-alignment.
The expansion to 28 teams for the 2013–14 season caused some re-alignments among the Western conference divisions; as such, Croatian newcomer KHL Medveščak Zagreb were added to the Borbov division, while HC Vityaz, HC Donbass and Dynamo Moscow were moved to the Tarasov Division and replaced by Dinamo Minsk and CSKA Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20777230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777230" title="Rudolf Ladenburg">
Rudolf Ladenburg

Rudolf Walter Ladenburg (June 6, 1882, Kiel – April 6, 1952, Princeton, New Jersey) was a German atomic physicist. He emigrated from Germany as early as 1932 and became a Brackett Research Professor at Princeton University. When the wave of German emigration began in 1933, he was the principal coordinator for job placement of exiled physicist in the United States.
Background.
Ladenburg was the son of the Jewish chemist Albert Ladenburg, ordinarius professor of chemistry at the University of Kiel (1874–1899) and then at the University of Breslau (1899–1909).
Education.
From 1900 to 1906, Ladenburg studied at the " Ruprecht-Karls-Universität Heidelberg", the " Universität Breslau", and the " Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München". He received his doctorate under Wilhelm Röntgen at Munich.
Career.
After completion of his Habilitation, Ladenburg became a Privatdozent at Breslau and in 1921 an "ausserordentlicher Professor" (extraordinarius professor) there. In 1924, he took an appointment at the "Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität" (today, the " Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin") along with becoming a scientific member of the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Institut für physikalische Chemie und Elektrochemie" (KWIPC, Kaiser Wilhelm Institute of Physical Chemistry and Electrochemistry) of the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Gesellschaft" (KWG, Kaiser Wilhelm Society).
Ladenburg went to the United States as early as 1932, where he became a Brackett Research Professor at the Palmer Physics Laboratory, Princeton University. When the emigration wave from Germany began in April 1933, Ladenburg was the principal coordinator for the employment of exiled physicists in the United States. He retired from Princeton in 1950. 

</doc>
<doc id="20777247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777247" title="Tarasov Division">
Tarasov Division

The KHL's Tarasov Division was formed in 2008 as part of the league's inauguration. It is one of 4 divisions and part of the Western conference since the second season of KHL when the conferences were established. It is named in honor of Hockey Hall of Fame inductee Anatoli Tarasov, "the father of Russian hockey", who established the Soviet Union as "the dominant force in international competition".
Division lineup.
The Tarasov division currently consists of the following teams:
Lineup history.
Initial lineup (2008).
In the first KHL season, the division alignment was determined by team strength and the Taraov division consisted of:
CSKA Moscow, HC MVD, Khimik Voskresensk, Metallurg Magnitogorsk, Traktor Chelyabinsk and SKA Saint Petersburg.
Re-alignment in 2009.
With the geographical alignment of the divisions for the 2009–10 season, the composition of the Tarasov division was completely changed and only HC MVD remained in the division. It was joined by two other teams from the Moscow region, Atlant Moscow Oblast and Vityaz Chekhov, as well as by Lokomotiv Yaroslavl, Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod and Severstal Cherepovets.
Minsk replaces HC MVD (2010).
First, HC Budivelnyk from Kiev, Ukraine were admitted to the league in 2010 to replace HC MVD after their merger with Dynamo Moscow. However, the team later dropped out of the league before the start of the season and instead Dinamo Minsk joined the division from the Bobrov Division.
Lokomotiv Yaroslavl suspension (2011).
Because of the plane crash killing nearly the entire roster of Lokomotiv Yaroslavl, the team management decided to suspend operations for the 2011–12 season, temporarily reducing the Tarasov division to 5 teams. Lokomotiv returned for the 2012–13 season.
2012 Expansion.
With the addition of two new teams to the Bobrov Division for the 2012–13 season, some re-alignments among the Western conference divisions became necessary: Vityaz Chekhov were moved to Bobrov, while two Moscow teams, Spartak and CSKA were moved to Tarasov. This increased the Tarasov division to 7 teams.
2013 Expansion and re-alignment.
With the addition of two new teams to the league in the 2013–14 season, new re-alignments become necessary, therefore Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod was moved to the Kharlamov Division and CSKA Moscow and Dinamo Minsk left for the Bobrov Division. In exchange, HC Vityaz, HC Donbass and Dynamo Moscow were moved from Bobrov to Tarasov Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20777248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777248" title="Kharlamov Division">
Kharlamov Division

The KHL's Kharlamov Division was formed in 2008 as part of the league's inauguration. It is one of four divisions and part of the Eastern Conference since the second season of the KHL when the conferences were established. It is named in honor of Hockey Hall of Fame inductee Valeri Kharlamov; Soviet Olympic gold medalist and former CSKA player.
Division lineup.
The Kharlamov Division is made up of the following teams:
Lineup history.
Initial lineup (2008).
In the first KHL season, the division alignment was determined by team strength and the Kharlamov Division consisted of:
Lokomotiv Yaroslavl, Amur Khabarovsk, Avangard Omsk, Dinamo Riga, Lada Togliatti and Sibir Novosibirsk.
Re-alignment in 2009.
With the geographical alignment of the divisions for the 2009–10 season, the composition of the Kharlamov Division was completely changed. Only Lada Togliatti remained and was joined by Ak Bars Kazan, Metallurg Magnitogorsk, Traktor Chelyabinsk, Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk and Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg.
Yugra replaces Lada (2010).
After Lada Togliatti had to withdraw from the KHL in 2010, they were replaced by Yugra Khanty-Mansiysk from Khanty-Mansiysk.
2013 Expansion and re-alignment.
With the addition of two teams in 2013, Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod has been moved from the Tarasov Division to the Kharlamov Division in order to balance out the two conferences.

</doc>
<doc id="20777250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777250" title="Chernyshev Division">
Chernyshev Division

The KHL's Chernyshev Division was formed in 2008 as part of the league's inauguration. It is one of 4 divisions and part of the Eastern conference since the second season of KHL when the conferences were established. It is named in honor of Arkady Chernyshev; Soviet Master of Sports, IIHF Hall of Fame inductee and former Dynamo Moscow head coach.
Division lineup.
The Chernyshev division is currently made up of the following teams:
Lineup history.
Initial lineup (2008).
In the first KHL season, the division alignment was determined by team strength and the Chernyshev division consisted of:
Ak Bars Kazan, Barys Astana, Dynamo Moscow, Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk, Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod and Vityaz Chekhov.
Re-alignment in 2009.
With the geographical alignment of the divisions for the 2009–10 season, the composition of the Chernyshev division was completely changed. Only Barys Astana remained and was joined by Avangard Omsk, Salavat Yulaev Ufa, Sibir Novosibirsk, Amur Khabarovsk and Metallurg Novokuznetsk. It thus became the division with the most easterly located teams.
2013 Expansion.
Newcomer Admiral Vladivostok, who joined the KHL in the 2013–14 season, was added to the Chernyshev Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20777277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777277" title="Feliciano Vierra Tavares">
Feliciano Vierra Tavares

Feliciano Vierra "Flash" Tavares Sr. (October 29, 1920 – December 17, 2008) was a Cape Verdean American musician, singer and guitar player based in Massachusetts. He was the patriarch of the musical Tavares family, which included the Tavares Brothers, a successful Grammy-winning 1970s and 1980s R&B band composed of five of Tavares' sons. Tavares was known professionally simply as Flash.
Tavares was born in Providence, Rhode Island. He was a self-taught musician who learned by listening to the radio and Cape Verdean music at an early age.
Tavares, a longtime resident of Hyannis, Massachusetts, was considered to be an influential cultural figure within the Cape Verdean American community in Rhode Island and Massachusetts. The father of all five members of Tavares, whose hits included "More Than a Woman" and "Heaven Must Be Missing An Angel", Tavares advocated for traditional Cape Verdean music. Following his death in 2008, it was noted that "Flash inspired a lot of kids to play music, and he kept the Cape Verdean musical heritage alive."
Tavares remained active within the musical community well into his 80s, in spite an early diagnosis of prostate cancer. He was able to travel to Cape Verde and continued to perform solo until he was 84 years old. In 2007, Tavares and his sister, singer Vicki Vierra, were inducted into the Hall of Fame at the Cape Verdean museum in East Providence, Rhode Island.
Feliciano "Flash" Vierra Tavares died at his home in Hyannis, Massachusetts, on December 17, 2008, at the age of 88. He was survived by his second wife of 38 years, Grace. His first wife, Albina Gomes Tavares, and daughter, Eva Baptiste, as well as 10 siblings had predeceased him. He was also survived by three daughters Jenny Mello, Deolinda Borges, Kathleen Clarke; seven sons (including all five members of the Tavares brothers) John Baptiste, Ralph, Arthur, Antone, Victor, Feliciano Jr., and Perry Tavares; one sister, Victoria Tavares Vierra; and 41 grandchildren, 63 great-grandchildren and 16 great-great grandchildren.
Tavares, a 35 year member of the Bahai community of Barnstable, Massachusetts, was buried at St. Francis Xavier Cemetery in Centerville, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="20777309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777309" title="Ralph Borghard">
Ralph Borghard

Ralph Borghard (born April 17, 1944 in Rostock, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany) is a German figure skater who competed for both West Germany and East Germany. He competed at the 1964 Winter Olympics representing the United Team of Germany and placed 11th. He first competed representing East Germany, then defected in 1966 and competed for West Germany after that. He is the 1963, 1964, and 1966 East German national champion and the 1967 West German national silver medalist.

</doc>
<doc id="20777409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777409" title="Jean Adam (bow maker)">
Jean Adam (bow maker)

Jean Adam (b. 1823 - d. 1869) was a (3rd generation) Master French bow maker known as "Grand Adam" (not to be confused with his grandfather also named Jean Adam).
His bows are highly sought after.
Jean was born in Mirecourt February 26, 1823.
Grand Adam served his apprenticeship and continued to work under his father, Jean Dominique Adam ( b 1795 to 1864 ) until 1842 when he went to Paris to work for Jean Baptiste Vuillaume.
For the most part, "he was inspired by his father and also perhaps by Joseph Fonclause."
Paris played an integral part in his development as a master craftsman. At the height of his promising career, he decided to return to Mirecourt in 1853 where he set up his own shop and produced a great number of bows. 
His bows show a very individual style. Unfortunately he lived a short life, dying at age 46, however, because of the amount of his production we still have many fine examples of “Grand Adam” today. 
He died January 20, 1869
"François Tourte possessed not only the ingenuity to bring the bow to perfection, but also the skill to make bows of unsurpassed quality which are still sought after by players and emulated by makers."
"Both Jean Dominique and his son "Grand" Adam seemed to favor François Tourte's design (octagonal sticks) and thus produced a great many octagonal bows." - Gennady Filimonov
"...one of the top mid-19th century French Master Bow Makers whose bows are highly sought after." - 

</doc>
<doc id="20777420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777420" title="District 9">
District 9

District 9 is a 2009 independent science fiction action/thriller film directed by Neill Blomkamp. It was written by Blomkamp and Terri Tatchell, and produced by Peter Jackson and Carolynne Cunningham. The film stars Sharlto Copley, Jason Cope, and David James. The film won the 2010 Saturn Award for Best International Film presented by the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films, and was nominated for four Academy Awards in 2010: Best Picture, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Visual Effects, and Best Editing.
The story, adapted from "Alive in Joburg", a 2005 short film directed by Blomkamp and produced by Sharlto Copley and Simon Hansen, depicts humanity, xenophobia, and social segregation. The title and premise of "District 9" were inspired by events in District Six, Cape Town during the apartheid era. The film was produced for $30 million and shot on location in Chiawelo, Soweto, presenting fictional interviews, news footage, and video from surveillance cameras in a mock-documentary format. A viral marketing campaign began in 2008, at the San Diego Comic-Con, while the theatrical trailer appeared in July 2009. Released by TriStar Pictures, the film opened to critical acclaim on August 14, 2009, in North America and earned $37 million in its opening weekend. Many saw the film as a sleeper hit for achieving success and popularity during its theatrical run, despite a modest budget and relatively unknown cast.
Plot.
In an alternate 1982, a large alien spacecraft stops directly above Johannesburg. When investigators enter the ship, they discover a population of sick and malnourished extraterrestrials, identified derogatorily as "prawns". The South African government confines the aliens to District 9, a government camp that is located outside of Johannesburg. Following periodic conflict between the aliens and the locals living near District 9, the government hires private military company Multinational United (MNU) to relocate the aliens to a new internment. Wikus van de Merwe (Sharlto Copley), an Afrikaner bureaucrat, is appointed by Piet Smit (Louis Minnaar), an MNU executive and his father-in-law, to lead the relocation. Meanwhile, three aliens — Christopher Johnson (Jason Cope), his son, and a friend — obtain a fluid of their native provenance, storing it in a small canister. Wikus seizes the canister, but accidentally sprays some of the fluid onto his face. Christopher's friend is subsequently killed by Koobus Venter (David James), a xenophobic soldier. Under the fluid's influence, Wikus gradually turns into an alien, starting with his left arm, and he is used by MNU to test various alien weapons which only function near alien DNA. The scientists then decide to vivisect Wikus; but he overpowers them and escapes. Smit orders Venter and his men to hunt Wikus down, while a cover story is published that says Wikus is a fugitive infected by an alien STD.
Wikus finds refuge in District 9 and stumbles into Christopher's shack, where he discovers a lost command module of their spacecraft underneath it. Christopher discloses that the fluid in the canister would allow him to reactivate the command module and in turn, the dormant mothership, in which he can reverse Wikus' mutation. To recover the canister from MNU headquarters, Wikus and Christopher obtain weapons from superstitious Nigerian arms-dealer Obesandjo (Eugene Khumbanyiwa) and his gang, attack the MNU offices, retrieve the canister, and flee to District 9 with MNU forces in pursuit. Appalled by the illegal experiments on his fellow aliens at MNU headquarters, Christopher decides to get help before curing Wikus, which will take three years, but Wikus attacks Christopher and attempts to fly the command module to the mothership, and is almost immediately shot down by Venter and his men. They seize Wikus and Christopher, but Obesandjo's gang seize Wikus, in Obesandjo's belief that eating Wikus' transformed arm will enable him to use alien weaponry. Obesandjo's base is then attacked by MNU.
In the command module, Christopher's son remotely activates the mothership and an alien mechanized battle suit which kills Obesandjo and his men. Wikus takes control of the battle suit and rescues Christopher, who promises to return in three years with a cure for Wikus. Wikus kills all the attacking soldiers before Venter forces the suit to eject him. As Wikus is cornered, a group of aliens kill Venter. Christopher and his son leave in the mothership, while Johannesburg's residents celebrate its departure.
A series of interviews and news broadcasts are shown speculating Wikus' whereabouts and the potential return of Christopher and the mothership, and what it may entail. MNU's illegal experiments are exposed, and District 9 demolished, with all the aliens removed to the larger District 10. Wikus' wife Tania finds a metal flower on her doorstep, giving her hope that Wikus is still alive. The final scene shows a fully transformed Wikus building a similar flower.
Themes.
Like "Alive in Joburg", the short film on which the feature film is based, the setting of "District 9" is inspired by historical events during the apartheid era, particularly alluding to District Six, an inner-city residential area in Cape Town, declared a "whites only" area by the government in 1966, with 60,000 people forcibly removed to Cape Flats, 25 km (15 mi) away. The film also refers to contemporary evictions and forced removals to suburban ghettos in post-apartheid South Africa, as well as the resistance of its residents. This includes the high profile attempted forced removal of the Joe Slovo informal settlement in Cape Town to temporary relocation areas in Delft, plus the attempted evictions of Abahlali baseMjondolo and evictions in the shack settlement, Chiawelo, where the film was actually shot. Blikkiesdorp, a temporary relocation area in Cape Town, has also been compared with the "District 9" camp earning a front page spread in "The Daily Voice".
The film emphasizes the irony of Wikus becoming more humane as he becomes less human. Chris Mikesell from the Hawaii newspaper "Ka Leo" writes that "Substitute 'black,' 'Asian,' 'Mexican,' 'illegal,' 'Jew,' or any number of different labels for the word 'prawn' in this film and you will hear the hidden truth behind the dialogue".
Themes of racism and xenophobia are shown in the form of speciesism. Used to describe the aliens, the word "prawn" is a reference to the Parktown prawn, a king cricket species considered a pest in South Africa. Copley has said that the theme is not intended to be the main focus of the work, but can work at a subconscious level even if it is not noticed.
Duane Dudek from the Journal Sentinel wrote that "The result is an action film about xenophobia, in which all races of humans are united in their dislike and mistrust of an insect-like species".
An underlying theme in "District 9" is state reliance on multinational corporations as a government-funded enforcement. As MNU represents the type of corporation which partners with governments, the negative portrayal of MNU in the film depicts the dangers of outsourcing militaries and bureaucracies to private contractors.
Production.
Development.
Producer Peter Jackson planned to produce a film adaptation based on the "Halo" video-game franchise with first-time director Neill Blomkamp. Due to a lack of financing, the "Halo" adaptation was placed on hold. Jackson and Blomkamp discussed pursuing alternative projects and eventually chose to produce and direct, respectively, "District 9". Blomkamp had previously directed commercials and short films, but "District 9" was his first feature film. The director co-wrote the script with Terri Tatchell and chose to film in South Africa, where he was born. In "District 9", Tatchell and Blomkamp returned to the world explored in his short film "Alive in Joburg", choosing characters, moments and concepts that they found interesting including the documentary style filmmaking, staged interviews, alien designs, alien technology/mecha suits, and the parallels to racial conflict and segregation in South Africa, and fleshing out these elements for the feature film.
QED International fully financed the production of the independent film, underwriting the negative cost prior to American Film Market (AFM) 2007. At AFM 2007, QED entered into a distribution deal with Sony's TriStar Pictures for North America and other English-language territories, Korea, Italy, Russia and Portugal.
Filming.
The film was shot on location in Chiawelo, Soweto during a time of violent unrest in Alexandra, Gauteng and other South African townships involving clashes between native South Africans and Africans born in other countries. The location that portrays "District 9" in itself was in fact a real impoverished neighborhood from which people were being forcibly relocated to government-subsidised housing.
Filming for "District 9" took place during the winter in Johannesburg, South Africa. According to director Neill Blomkamp, during the winter season, Johannesburg "actually looks like Chernobyl", a "nuclear apocalyptic wasteland". Blomkamp wanted to capture the deserted, bleak atmosphere and environment, so he and the crew had to film during the months of June through July. The film took a total of 60 days of shooting. Filming in December raised another issue in that there was much more rain. Due to the rain, there was a lot of greenery to work with, which Blomkamp did not want. In fact, Blomkamp had to cut some of the vegetation in the scenery to portray the setting as desolate and dark.
The film features many weapons and vehicles produced by the South African arms-industry, including the R5 and Vektor CR-21 assault rifles, Denel NTW-20 20mm sniper rifle, BXP submachinegun, Casspir armored personnel carrier, Ratel infantry fighting vehicle, Rooikat tank, Atlas Oryx helicopter and militarized Toyota Hilux.
Blomkamp said no single film influenced "District 9", but cited the 1980s "hardcore sci-fi/action" films such as "Alien", "Aliens", "The Terminator", "", "Predator" and "RoboCop" as subconscious influences. The director said, "I don't know whether the film has that feeling or not for the audience, but I wanted it to have that harsh 1980s kind of vibe — I didn't want it to feel glossy and slick."
Because of the amount of hand-held shooting required for the film, the producers and crew decided to shoot using the digital Red One camera. Cinematographer Trent Opaloch used nine digital Red Ones owned by Peter Jackson for primary filming. According to HD Magazine, "District 9" was shot on RED One cameras using build 15, Cooke S4 primes and Angenieux zooms. The documentary style and CCTV cam footage was shot on the Sony EX1/EX3 XDCAM-HD. Additionally, the post-production team was warned that the most RED footage they could handle a day was about an hour and a half. When that got to five hours a day reinforcements were called in and 120 Terabytes of data was filled.
Visual effects.
Already as a young child living in South Africa, Blomkamp was captivated by artwork and visual effects. “I knew I wanted to be in movies… So I thought I wanted to be in special effects, like model-making and prosthetic effects." The combination of knowing he would find a career in the visual effects area and the advancement of technology allowing better computer graphics capabilities led him to work at a Canadian post-production company as a visual effects artist. The aliens in "District 9" were designed by Weta Workshop, and the design was executed by Image Engine.
Blomkamp wanted the aliens to maintain both humanistic and barbaric features in the design of the creatures. According to Terri Tatchell, the director’s writing partner, “They are not appealing, they are not cute, and they don’t tug at our heartstrings. He went for a scary, hard, warrior-looking alien, which is much more of a challenge.” The look of the alien, with its exoskeleton-crustacean hybrid and crab-like shells, was meant to initially evoke a sense of disgust from viewers but as the story progresses, the audience was meant to sympathize with these creatures who had such human-like emotions and characteristics. Blomkamp established criteria for the design of the aliens. He wanted the species to be insect-like but also bipedal. The director wanted the audience to relate to the aliens and said of the restriction on the creature design, "Unfortunately, they had to be human-esque because our psychology doesn't allow us to really empathize with something unless it has a face and an anthropomorphic shape. Like if you see something that's four-legged, you think it's a dog; that's just how we're wired... If you make a film about an alien force, which is the oppressor or aggressor, and you don't want to empathize with them, you can go to town. So creatively that's what I wanted to do but story-wise, I just couldn't."
Blomkamp originally sought to have Weta Digital design the creatures, but the company was busy with effects for "Avatar". The director then decided to choose a Vancouver-based effects company because he anticipated to make films there in the future and because British Columbia offered a tax credit. Blomkamp met with Image Engine and considered them "a bit of a gamble" since the company had not pursued a project as large as a feature film. Aside from the aliens appearing on the operating table in the medical lab, all of them were created using CGI visual effects.
Weta Digital designed the 2.5 km diameter mothership and the drop ship, while the exo-suit and the little pets were designed by The Embassy Visual Effects. Zoic Studios performed overflow 2D work. On-set live special effects were created by MXFX.
Music.
The music for "District 9" was scored by Canadian composer Clinton Shorter, who spent three weeks preparing for the film. Director Neill Blomkamp wanted a "raw and dark" score, but one that maintained its South African roots. This was a challenge for Shorter, who found much of the South African music he worked with to be optimistic and joyful. Unable to get the African drums to sound dark and heavy, Shorter used a combination of taiko drums and synthesized instruments for the desired effects, with the core African elements of the score conveyed in the vocals and smaller percussion. Both the score and soundtrack feature music and vocals from Kwaito artists.
Marketing.
Sony Pictures launched a "Humans Only" marketing campaign to promote "District 9". Sony's marketing team designed its promotional material to emulate the segregational billboards that appear throughout the film. Billboards, banners, posters, and stickers were thus designed with the theme in mind, and the material was spread across public places such as bus stops in various cities, including "humans only" signs in certain locations and providing toll-free numbers to report "non-human" activity. Promotional material was also presented at the 2008 San Diego Comic-Con, advertising the website D-9.com, which had an application presented by the fictional Multi-National United (MNU). The website had a local alert system for Johannesburg (the film's setting), news feeds, behavior recommendations, and rules and regulations. Other viral websites for the film were also launched, including an MNU website with a countdown timer for the film's release, an anti-MNU blog run by fictional alien character Christopher Johnson, and an MNU-sponsored educational website. An online game for "District 9" has also been made where players can choose to be a human or an alien. Humans are MNU agents on patrol trying to arrest or kill aliens. Aliens try to avoid capture from MNU agents whilst searching for alien canisters.
WETA released in July 2010 Christopher Johnson and Son as sculptures.
Reception.
Box office.
, "District 9" had grossed an estimated $210,819,205, of which $115,646,235 was from Canada and the United States making it a huge box office success, with a revenue 7 times its original production budget of only $30 million.
It opened in 3,048 theaters in Canada and the United States on August 14, 2009, and the film ranked first at the weekend box office with an opening gross of $37,354,308. Among comparable science fiction films in the past, its opening attendance was slightly less than the 2008 film "Cloverfield" and the 1997 film "Starship Troopers". The audience demographic for "District 9" was 64 percent male and 57 percent people 25 years or older. The film stood out as a summer film that generated strong business despite little-known casting. Its opening success was attributed to the studio's unusual marketing campaign. In the film's second weekend, it dropped 49% in revenue while competing against the opening film "Inglourious Basterds" for the male audience, as Sony Pictures attributed the "good hold" to "District 9"s strong playability.
The film enjoyed similar success in the UK with an opening gross of £2,288,378 showing at 447 cinemas.
Critical response.
The film received critical acclaim, with Rotten Tomatoes reporting that 90% of critics gave the film a positive review, based on a sample of 261, with an average score of 7.8 out of 10. The website wrote of the consensus, "Technically brilliant and emotionally wrenching, "District 9" has action, imagination, and all the elements of a thoroughly entertaining science-fiction classic." At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the film has received a score of 81 based on 36 reviews, indicating "Universal Acclaim". IGN listed "District 9" as 24 on a list of the 25 Great Sci-Fi films ever.
Sara Vilkomerson of "The New York Observer" wrote, ""District 9" is the most exciting science fiction movie to come along in ages; definitely the most thrilling film of the summer; and quite possibly the best film I've seen all year." Christy Lemire from the Associated Press was impressed by the plot and thematic content, claiming that ""District 9" has the aesthetic trappings of science fiction but it's really more of a character drama, an examination of how a man responds when he's forced to confront his identity during extraordinary circumstances." "Entertainment Weekly"s Lisa Schwarzbaum described it as "... madly original, cheekily political, altogether exciting ..."
Roger Ebert praised the film for "giving us aliens to remind us not everyone who comes in a spaceship need be angelic, octopod or stainless steel," but complains that "... the third act is disappointing, involving standard shoot-out action. No attempt is made to resolve the situation, and if that's a happy ending, I've seen happier. Despite its creativity, the film remains space opera and avoids the higher realms of science-fiction." Josh Tyler of Cinema Blend says the film is unique in interpretation and execution, but considers it to be a knockoff of the 1988 film "Alien Nation".
Controversy.
Nigeria's Information Minister Dora Akunyili asked movie theatres around the country to either ban the film or edit out specific references to the country, because of the film's negative depiction of the Nigerian characters as criminals and cannibals. Letters of complaint were sent to the producer and distributor of the film demanding an apology. She also said the gang leader Obesandjo is almost identical in spelling and pronunciation to the surname of former president Olusegun Obasanjo. The film was later banned in Nigeria; the Nigerian Film and Video Censors Board was asked to prevent cinemas from showing the film and also to confiscate it.
Hakeem Kae-Kazim, a Nigerian-born British actor also criticized the portrayal of Nigerians in the film, telling the Beeld newspaper Africa is a beautiful place and the problems it does have can not be shown by such a small group of people.
Accolades.
"District 9" was named one of the top 10 independent films of 2009 by the National Board of Review of Motion Pictures. The film received four Academy Awards nominations, seven British Academy Film Awards nominations, five Broadcast Film Critics Association nominations, and one Golden Globe nomination. It is the fourth TriStar Pictures film ever nominated for Best Picture at the Academy Awards (the previous three were "As Good as It Gets", "Jerry Maguire", and "Bugsy"). It was also the first mockumentary-style film to be nominated for Best Picture. It won the 2009 Bradbury Award from the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America.
Home media.
The Blu-ray Disc and Region 1 Code widescreen edition of "District 9" as well as the 2-disc special edition version on DVD was released on December 22, 2009. The DVD and Blu-ray Disc includes the documentary "The Alien Agenda: A Filmmaker's Log" and the special features "Metamorphosis: The Transformation of Wikus", "Innovation: Acting and Improvisation", "Conception and Design: Creating the World of District 9", and "Alien Generation: Visual Effects". The demo for the video game "God of War III" featured in the 2009 Electronic Entertainment Expo is also included with the Blu-ray release of "District 9" playable on the Sony PlayStation 3.
Sequel.
On August 1, 2009, two weeks before "District 9" was released to cinemas, Neill Blomkamp hinted that he intended to make a sequel if the film was successful enough. During an interview on the "Rude Awakening" 94.7 Highveld Stereo breakfast radio show, he alluded to it, saying "There probably will be." Nevertheless, he revealed that his next project is unrelated to the "District 9" universe.
In an interview with Rotten Tomatoes, Blomkamp stated that he was "totally" hoping for a follow-up: "I haven't thought of a story yet but if people want to see another one, I'd love to do it."
Blomkamp has posed the possibility of the next movie in the series being a prequel.
In an interview with "Empire" magazine posted on April 28, 2010, Sharlto Copley suggested that a follow-up, while very likely, would be about two years away, given his and Neill Blomkamp's current commitments.
In an interview with IGN in June 2013, Blomkamp said, "I really want to make a "District 9" sequel. I genuinely do. The problem is I have a bunch of ideas and stuff that I want to make. I'm relatively new to this – I'm about to make my third film, and now the pattern that I'm starting to realise is very true is that you lock yourself into a film beyond the film you're currently working on. But it just doesn't work for me." Blomkamp also revealed that it is to be called "District 10".

</doc>
<doc id="20777478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777478" title="Bijalpura, Nepal">
Bijalpura, Nepal

Bijalpura is a town in southern Nepal, near the border with India.
Geography.
It is situated near the plains rather than in the foothills or mountains of Nepal.
Transport.
The town was served by a branchline of Nepal Railways, which because of the terrain, only reaches the outskirts of the town. It is not served at them moment (2009) as a bridge is damaged. This line is to be converted from 2008 from narrow gauge to broad gauge under Project Unigauge. The line is also to be extended to Bardibas.

</doc>
<doc id="20777490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777490" title="Christmas FM">
Christmas FM

Christmas FM is Ireland's radio station dedicated to the religious and secular festival of Christmas. It is a temporary licensed station, traditionally broadcasting from the 26 November until the 26 December since 2008. The station streams over the internet and maintains social media presence.
History.
It began broadcasting in Dublin in 2008. Cork was added in 2009. Limerick, Galway and the South East of Ireland were added in 2010. With the inclusion of an additional transmitter, Kildare was added in 2011 and 2012. In 2013, transmitters were added in the North Midlands, in the North East and in North Wicklow.
In 2013, the station is broadcasting in Dublin on 94.3 FM, in Cork City on 106.7 FM, in Limerick City on 105.5 FM, in Galway City on 89.5 FM, in the South East (Waterford, Wexford etc.) of the country on 103.8 FM, in Kildare on 88.1 FM, in the North Midlands on 99.4 FM, in the North East on 101.6 FM and in North Wicklow on 99.5 FM.
The format is music driven with the addition of Christmas-themed content, all aimed at creating the 'Magic of Christmas'. As a temporary licensed station it does not carry commercial advertising but does carry limited sponsorship messages to cover costs.
Charity Work.
The station has chosen charity partners in each of its broadcast years with the objective of raising awareness and funds for the partner. Funds are raised through a mixture of premium text, on-line donation and in-branch donation. The charity partners were:
Christmas FM also operates a song competition in the run up to the broadcast period with the short list being aired for a listener voted winner to be selected.
Staff.
The station is staffed by approximately 100 volunteers and provides a 24 hour service during the license period. The Voice Over used in many of Christmas FM’s charity promotional appeals since 2008 belonged to Bob Gallico (1930 – 2013).
The founders and/or managers of the station were Paul Shepard, Walter Hegarty, Garvin Rigby, Daragh O'Sullivan and the late Jim Kenny.
Presenters (past and present) include: Keith Shanley, Niall O'Keeffe, Ray Jackson, Greg Townsend, Garvin Rigby, Daragh O'Sullivan/Steve Davitt, Chris Murray, Hugh O'Brien, Mike Maloney, Lyndsey Dolan, Dave Hynes, Andrea Hayes, Jim Kenny, Niall Boylan, Derek Jones, Jacki Ascough, Shane Pearse, Simon Young, Chris Barry, Damien Allen, Tommy Green, Hugh Browne, Chris Maher, Niall Cassidy, Stevie Bolger, Electric Eddie, Mike Eastwood, Gary Matthews, Declan Ralph, Noel Shannon,Noel McCaul, Paul Scanlon, Ollie Clarke, Isobel Tobin, Lucianne White, Wendy Grace, Mathieu Norrie, Enda Caldwell, Bernie Jameson, Ray G, Brendan Flanagan, Amanda Brunker, Mike Williams and Dermot Breen.
New names to Christmas FM for 2013 include Mark Manning, Ronan O'Brien,John Troy & Sharon Lawless.

</doc>
<doc id="20777525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777525" title="Dolichousnea longissima">
Dolichousnea longissima

Dolichousnea longissima, Old Man's Beard or Methuselah's Beard Lichen, is a lichen in the family Parmeliaceae. It was previously known as "Usnea longissima".
Distribution.
"D. longissima" is found in boreal forests and coastal woodland in Europe, Asia, and North America.
Description.
This lichen is fruticose, with very long stems and short, even side branches. It is considered the longest lichen in the world. The stems are usually 15 to 30 cm in length but are sometimes much longer.
Ecology.
The most frequent host of this lichen is spruce trees. It is currently on threatened status.
References.
Threatened Status

</doc>
<doc id="20777536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777536" title="Transplants discography">
Transplants discography

This is a comprehensive discography of the Transplants, a punk rock/hip-hop supergroup. Formed in 1999, the project consists of Tim Armstrong (Rancid) on guitar and vocals, "Skinhead Rob" Aston (Expensive Taste) on vocals, Travis Barker (Blink-182 and +44) on drums and Kevin "Sweatshop" Bivona on bass. As of 2008, the band has released two studio albums, one remix album, and five singles, and their third album will be released on June 25, 2013.
Biography.
After two years of recording, the Transplants issued their self-titled debut album on Hellcat Records in October 2002. In the end, the album was recorded and mixed entirely in Armstrong's basement. The album was recorded with a number of special guest vocalists, which included Eric Ozenne (The Nerve Agents), Davey Havok (AFI), Son Doobie (Funk Doobiest), Danny Diablo (Crown of Thornz, AKA Lord Ezec), Lars Frederiksen (Rancid) and Brody Dalle (The Distillers, ex-wife of Tim). Dalle sang on the track "Weigh On My Mind", which Armstrong, at the time, described as "their song." The Transplants embarked on a full-scale tour around the world to promote the album which earned the band critical and commercial success. 
After the release of the self-titled album, the Transplants went on hiatus in 2003, due to all members being involved in their own projects, including Rancid and Blink-182. However, in 2004 during an extensive Rancid hiatus, Armstrong decided to bring the Transplants back together. They resurfaced with their second album "Haunted Cities", which was released in June 2005, just four months after Barker's former band Blink-182 announced their hiatus. The album's first and only single, "Gangsters and Thugs" was a hit and the band began touring on the 2005 Warped Tour. After the Warped Tour, the Transplants started to plan a large North American tour with Pennywise and wanted to release a second single. The band had even shot a video for the upcoming single "What I Can't Describe." However, these plans were cut short due to Armstrong reportedly suffering from exhaustion.
Following the end of the "Haunted Cities" tour, the Transplants announced their second hiatus in 2006. Reasons for another hiatus were essentially the same as they were in 2003. In 2010, the band reunited and began working on new material. The first recording to show up was "Saturday Night", which appeared on Barker's solo album "Give the Drummer Some". Their third album, "In a Warzone", is set to be released on June 25, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20777544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777544" title="Joseph Barsalou">
Joseph Barsalou

Joseph Barsalou may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20777553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777553" title="Adam Dixon">
Adam Dixon

Adam Dixon (born on August 13, 1989 in Midland, Ontario) is a Canadian sledge hockey player.
Dixon was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma in his right tibia in 1999 at the age of 10 and underwent a 10 hour surgery to remove the tumor and part of his tibia. After his the surgery Dixon was unable to play able-bodied hockey and was introduced to sledge hockey at the age of 11. Dixon played 6 years with the Elmvale Bears and at the age of 17 was invited to try out for the Canadian National Sledge hockey team. At the conclusion of the tryout Dixon was asked to join the team for the 2006/2007 season. Dixon continues to play defence for the team and was a member of the 2007/2008 team that won gold at 2008 IPC Ice Sledge Hockey World Championships and was named the Defensive M.V.P. of the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20777570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777570" title="Karl Eyre">
Karl Eyre

Karl Arliss Eyre (June 11, 1896 – September 4, 1964) was a Canadian politician. He represented the electoral district of Timmins in the Canadian House of Commons from 1949 to 1957 as a member of the Liberal Party.
Prior to his election to the House of Commons, Eyre served one term as Mayor of Timmins.

</doc>
<doc id="20777572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777572" title="John W. Sedwick">
John W. Sedwick

John W. Sedwick (born 1946) is an American lawyer and judge. He is currently a judge on the United States District Court for the District of Alaska.
Sedwick was born in 1946 in Kittanning, Pennsylvania. He attended Dartmouth College where he received a B.A. in 1968. He then served in the United States Air Force as a Sergeant, 1969-1971. He graduated with a J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1972. Later, he went into private practice in Anchorage, Alaska, 1972-1981. He then served as the Director, Division of Land and Water Management, Department of Natural Resources, State of Alaska, 1981-82. He returned to private practice, 1982-1992.
Sedwick was nominated by George H.W. Bush on July 2, 1992 as a judge of the United States District Court for the District of Alaska to a seat vacated by Andrew J. Kleinfeld. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 8, 1992, and received his commission on October 9, 1992. He served as chief judge, 2002-2009. On March 13, 2011, John W. Sedwick assumed senior status and created a vacancy on the court.

</doc>
<doc id="20777586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777586" title="César Pérez Vivas">
César Pérez Vivas

César Alejandro Pérez Vivas (April 24, 1957), is a Venezuelan lawyer and politician associated with COPEI in Táchira State. From 2008 until 2012 was the Governor of Táchira.
He studied the secondary level at Jáuregui, a military school from Táchira State. Later Pérez Vivas got graduated as a lawyer at Universidad Católica del Táchira. Finally he did the postgraduate level at Central University of Venezuela. Pérez Vivas worked also as a university lecturer.
Pérez Vivas was chosen Youth Secretary of COPEI -Táchira in 1977. Later he became National Youth Secretary of that party. From 2002 to 2007, Pérez Vivas was the General Secretary of COPEI. 
In 1983 Pérez Vivas was elected a deputy of the "Asamblea Legislativa of Táchira State", a kind of state legislature. From 1988 to 1998 Pérez Vivas worked as a deputy of the Venezuelan National Congress. In 2000, he won a seat at the National Assembly of Venezuela. In 2005 he decided not to compete for a re-election as deputy.
On 28 September 2008, Pérez Vivas won a primary election done by some political parties opposed to Hugo Chávez to select the candidate to the governor’s office of Táchira State. On 23 November, he became the winner during the Venezuelan regional elections with 49% of the votes, according to the first bulletin from the CNE.

</doc>
<doc id="20777594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777594" title="Qiaocheng East Station">
Qiaocheng East Station

Qiaocheng East Station (), formerly Qiaochengdong Station, is a station of Shenzhen Metro Luobao Line. It started operations on 28 December 2004. It is located at the underground of Shennan Dadao (), west of Qiaochengdong Lu () and east of Xiaoshahe Lu (), in Futian District, Shenzhen, China. It is near the east end of Splendid China () of Overseas Chinese Town ()., hence its alternate name of 'O.C.T. East'.

</doc>
<doc id="20777612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777612" title="John Cassidy (university chancellor)">
John Cassidy (university chancellor)

John Marcus Cassidy AO, Australian engineer and pastoralist, was the sixth Chancellor of the University of New England, serving from 2004 until 2008. 
Much of Cassidy’s career was in civil engineering. He studied at the University of Newcastle, where he graduated with a bachelor of Civil Engineering. His career included stints abroad between 1975 and 1985. In the late 1980s, Cassidy became CEO of the construction company Abigroup. Having built and diversified the company, Cassidy retired as CEO of Abigroup in early 2004. In 1982, Cassidy purchased the grazing property "Merilba" at Kingstown, where he became associated with the breeding of South Devon cattle, as well as other livestock, and more recent times, the growing wine grapes on the property. 
Cassidy was appointed chancellor by the University Council on the 11 December 2003, and was installed at a graduation ceremony the following March. In 2007, Cassidy was made an Officer of the Order of Australia for service to university administration, to the civil engineering and construction industries, and to the community. He also became involved with other educational institutions, including the New England Conservatorium of Music and the New England Girls School, where in 2006 he underwrote the school’s A$ 4 million debt.
In 2008, Cassidy became embroiled in a dispute with the university vice-chancellor, Alan Pettigrew over the demarcation of roles between the two offices. In June 2008, the staff passed motions of no confidence in the chancellor. Despite attempts at mediation by Sir Laurence Street, on the 10 November 2008, it was announced that Cassidy's appointment as chancellor would not be renewed for a second term, and he was replaced by Richard Torbay.

</doc>
<doc id="20777614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777614" title="William Wilson (Australian sportsman)">
William Wilson (Australian sportsman)

William Young Wilson (13 December 1909 – 30 September 1976) was an Australian sportsman who played first-class cricket with Victoria and Australian rules football for Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Nicknamed 'Weary', Wilson was recruited to Essendon from Ascot Vale Presbyterians and made his VFL debut in 1932. After 30 games he left Essendon and turned his attention to cricket and played three first-class cricket matches in the 1935/36 season. He was a right-arm fast-medium pace bowler and took seven wickets at 38.28 in those matches. His best performance came in a Sheffield Shield encounter against South Australia at the Adelaide Oval when he took 3/122 in the first innings.

</doc>
<doc id="20777623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777623" title="Shoulder presentation">
Shoulder presentation

A shoulder presentation refers to a malpresentation at childbirth where the baby is in a transverse lie (its vertebral column is perpendicular to that of the mother), thus the leading part (the part that enters first the birth canal) is an arm, shoulder, or the trunk. While a baby can be delivered vaginally when either the head or the feet/buttocks are the leading part, it usually cannot be expected to be delivered successfully with a shoulder presentation unless a cesarean section (C/S) is performed.
Frequency and causes.
Shoulder presentations are uncommon (about 0.5% of births) as usually towards the end of gestation either the head or the buttocks start to enter the upper part of the pelvis anchoring the fetus in a longitudinal lie. It is not known in all cases of shoulder presentation why the longitudinal lie is not reached, but possible causes include bony abnormalities of the pelvis, uterine abnormalities such as malformations or tumors (fibroids), and other tumors in the pelvis or abdomen can also lead to a shoulder presentation. Other factors are a lax abdominal musculature, uterine overdistension (i.e. polyhydramnios), multiple gestation, placenta previa, a small fetus, or a fetus with some abnormality. Further, if the amniotic fluid sac ruptures the shoulder or arm may become wedged as a shoulder presentation.
Diagnosis.
Inspection of the abdomen may already give a clue as it is wide from side to side. Usually performing the Leopold's maneuvers will demonstrate the transverse lie of the fetus. Ultrasound examination delivers the diagnosis and may indicate possible causes such as multiple gestation or a tumor. On vaginal examination, the absence of a head or feet/breech is apparent.
Shoulder presentations are classified into four types, based on the location of the scapula:
Management.
While a transverse lie prior to labor can be manually versed to a longitudinal lie, once the uterus starts contracting the uterus normally will not allow any version procedure. A shoulder presentation is an indication for a C/S. Generally, as it is diagnosed early, the baby is not damaged by the time of delivery. With the rupture of the membranes, there is an increased risk of a cord prolapse as the shoulder may not completely block the birth canal. Thus the C/S is ideally performed before the membranes break.
Delivery of the second twin.
The delivery of the second twin in a transverse lie with a shoulder presentation represents a special situation that may be amenable to a vaginal delivery. As the first twin has just been delivered and the cervix is fully dilated the obstetrician may perform an internal version, that is inserting one hand into the uterus, find the baby’s feet, and then bring the baby into a breech position and deliver the baby as such.
Impaction.
During labor the shoulder will be wedged into the pelvis and the head lie in one iliac fossa, the breech in the other. With further uterine contractions the baby suffocates. The uterus continues to try to expel the impacted fetus and as its retraction ring rises, the musculature in the lower segments thins out leading eventually to a uterine rupture and the death of the mother. Impacted shoulder presentations contribute to maternal mortality. Obviously a cesarean section should be performed before the baby has died, but even when the baby has died or impaction has occurred, C/S is the method of choice of delivery, as alternative methods of delivery are potentially too traumatic for the mother. If the baby is preterm or macerated and very small a spontaneous delivery has been observed.
History.
Prior to the arrival of C/S the fetus usually died during protracted labor and the mother's life was at risk as well due to infection, uterine rupture and bleeding. On occasion, if the baby was macerated and small, it collapsed sufficiently to be delivered. The shoulder presentation was a feared obstetrical complication.
In 1690 Justine Siegemundin, a German midwife, published "Die Kgl. Preußische und Chur-Brandenburgische Hof-Wehemutter". This treatise for midwives demonstrated abnormal presentations at birth and their management. She was the first to describe a two-handed method of performing an internal rotation of the baby to extract it as a breech (a variation of which is performed today on the second twin, see above) using a sling. The procedure was useful provided the fetus was not impacted. Once the uterus had contracted around the baby tightly, destructive interventions were used to save the life of the mother.
Note.
Shoulder presentation is a malpresentation that is not to be confused with shoulder dystocia, a complication during the birth of a baby in a vertex presentation.

</doc>
<doc id="20777650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777650" title="Tommy Kearns">
Tommy Kearns

Thomas Francis "Tommy" Kearns Jr. (born October 6, 1936) is a retired American basketball player.
Born in New York City, he played collegiately for the University of North Carolina, where he played an integral role on the 1957 National Championship team. In an effort to rattle the 7'-1" Wilt Chamberlain of the University of Kansas in the national championship game, North Carolina coach Frank McGuire sent Kearns out at the start of the game to jump center. Kearns lost the tip-off but proceeded to score 11 points during the game.
He was named first-team All-ACC in 1957 and 1958 and second-team All-America in 1957. Because of his national accolades, Kearns' number 40 was honored by the University of North Carolina and currently hangs in the rafters of the Dean Smith Center. 
He was selected by the Syracuse Nationals in the 4th round (29th pick overall) of the 1958 NBA Draft.
He played for the Nationals in the NBA for one game. He scored two points during his professional basketball career.
In 2000 he played coach Garrick in Finding Forrester, a film directed by Gus Van Sant with Sean Connery and Rob Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="20777651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777651" title="Audacity (album)">
Audacity (album)

Audacity is Ugly Duckling's fourth studio album, which was released on January 12, 2009. It has a generally more melancholy feel than their previous, mostly up-beat work.

</doc>
<doc id="20777662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777662" title="Biathlon at the 2003 Asian Winter Games">
Biathlon at the 2003 Asian Winter Games

Biathlon at the 2003 Asian Winter Games was held at the Iwaki General Athletic Park in Iwaki, Japan from 3 February to 7 February 2003.
Results.
Men.
10 km sprint.
February 3
12.5 km pursuit.
February 5
4×7.5 km relay.
February 7
Women.
7.5 km sprint.
February 3
10 km pursuit.
February 5
4×6 km relay.
February 7

</doc>
<doc id="20777665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777665" title="Three-decker (disambiguation)">
Three-decker (disambiguation)

Three-decker may refer to:
In architecture:
In food:
In naval history:
In publishing:

</doc>
<doc id="20777683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777683" title="Mike Young (coach)">
Mike Young (coach)

Mike Young (born December 21, 1955 in Chicago, Illinois, USA) is the current Australian cricket team fielding coach as well as former minor league and Australian baseball manager, player and coach. On 6 December he was appointed by the Indian cricket team as a fielding consultant on a three-week assignment.
Playing career.
Young attended the University of Wisconsin-River Falls and he was the team's MVP in 1978. After graduation, he managed to land a contract to play in the Netherlands Honkbal Hoofdklasse baseball league and he played there in 1979 and 1980 and realized that there were other opportunities for American players to ply their skills around the globe. He sent his resume around and was contacted in 1981 by the Queensland Rams, an Australian Baseball League team, which he also player-coached and led to a national championship (the Claxton Shield) in 1982.
Managerial career.
America.
Because the Australian and American seasons do not overlap, Young was able to pursue opportunities on both continents, and in 1985 landed the job of coach with the Medicine Hat Blue Jays, his first in organised baseball. In 1989, he managed the Bluefield Orioles in the Appalachian League and the Wausau Timbers in the Midwest League in 1990. He was a coach with the Rochester Red Wings in 1991 and 1992, then returned to managing with two seasons in the Cleveland Indians organisation.
Australia.
At the same time, he was becoming a major player in the development of baseball in Australia, landing a coaching job with the Australian national team. He managed the team at the 1988 Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. He was twice named the International Baseball Federation coach of the year, in 1997 and 1999, for his work with the Australian national team. This included its results in two Intercontinental Cups, a bronze medal in the 1997 tournament and then to a gold medal at home in 1999. Young's work down under coincided with a period when Australian baseball was booming, producing Major League players like Dave Nilsson, Mark Hutton, Cam Cairncross, Shayne Bennett and Chris Snelling, all of whom reached the major leagues. This boom is linked to Young's work, as he is the one who developed the idea of the Australian Baseball Academy, which is jointly funded by Major League Baseball and aims at grooming Australian baseball talent. The number of Australian players signed by MLB has quadrupled since the Academy's foundation.
Cricket.
Young's career took another interesting twist in 2000 when the Australian cricket federation approached him for help. Fielding has long been an under-developed aspect of cricket, as teams have concentrated on developing bowlers and batsmen. The Australians, observing how fielding was a central part of baseball, decided to exploit an opportunity by having Young coach their players on catching, throwing and positioning. Young was appointed as an assistant coach up until 2005 when his contract was not renewed and instead moved back to Chicago to manage the Rockford Riverhawks. During the 2005 Ashes series the Australian teams fielding had slipped and lost the Ashes to England for the first time since 1987. John Buchanan then made the decision for Australia to have a full-time fielding coach and Young became speculated in the media as the first baseball coach to coach a national cricket team and announced he would like to finish his managerial career doing it. In January 2011, Young came out in support for the United States Youth Cricket Association, modeling the organization's apparel at a photo shoot on the banks of the Yarra River in Melbourne, only hours before the Aussies were to take on the English in a One Day International match. He is also the current fielding coach of the Indian Premier League team Kings XI Punjab.

</doc>
<doc id="20777702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777702" title="Crime and Punishment (1935 American film)">
Crime and Punishment (1935 American film)

Crime and Punishment is a 1935 film directed by Josef von Sternberg for Columbia Pictures. The screenplay was adapted by Joseph Anthony and S.K. Lauren from Fyodor Dostoevsky's novel of the same title. The film stars Peter Lorre in the lead role of Raskolnikov (here named Roderick instead of Rodion).
Von Sternberg, who was contractually obliged to make the film, disliked it, later writing that it was "no more related to the true text of the novel than the corner of Sunset Boulevard and Gower is related to the Russian environment."

</doc>
<doc id="20777703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777703" title="Challenger La Manche">
Challenger La Manche

The Challenger La Manche is a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually at the Complexe Sportif Chantereyne in Cherbourg, France, since 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20777727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777727" title="Ryerson Theatre">
Ryerson Theatre

Ryerson Theatre is a theatre in Toronto, Ontario. It is owned by Ryerson University. It is located on 43 Gerrard Street East and has a seating capacity of 1250.

</doc>
<doc id="20777760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777760" title="Frederick Chapman (sportsman)">
Frederick Chapman (sportsman)

Frederick Douglas Chapman (21 March 1901 – 27 June 1964) was an Australian sportsman who played first-class cricket with Victoria and Australian rules football for Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Chapman played two games at Fitzroy, one each in the 1920 and 1921 VFL seasons, before going to Coburg. As a cricketer he bowled right-arm medium pace and took seven wickets at 28.00 from his four first-class matches. Five of those wickets came in a match against Tasmania at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in 1930/31 and included a haul of 4/69 in the second innings.

</doc>
<doc id="20777783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777783" title="Mario Alvarez Dugan">
Mario Alvarez Dugan

Mario Alvarez Dugan (died December 13, 2008) was a Dominican editor and journalist who served as the head editor of "Hoy", a newspaper published in Santo Domingo, from 1988 until his death in 2008. 
Dugan began his career as a sports commentator and announcer. He became the general editor of "Deportes" in 1958. Additionally, Dugan founded and managed two now defunct Dominican equestrian magazines, "Handicap" and "El Enllave".
Dugan joined the staff of the "El Caribe" in 1966, later serving as the newspaper's chief editor during the 1970s. Dugan also worked within the management of the "El Nacional", but left that particular paper in 1988 to become editor of "Hoy". He remained editor of Hoy until his death in 2008.
He was inducted into the Dominican sports hall of fame in 1993. Dugan authored several sports related books on administrative in athletics, sports anecdotes and the history of baseball in the Dominican Republic.
Dugan died at a hospital in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, on December 13, 2008, just days after he was admitted suffering from heart problems. He was 77 years old. He was survived by his wife, Altagracia Soto, and the couple's three children, including Dominican tennis player, Mario Alvarez Soto.
Leonel Fernández, the President of the Dominican Republic, attended Dugan's funeral. Fernandez paid tribute to Dugan saying, "Don Mario Alvarez Dugan contributed to influence the spirit of Dominicans as a society", and said that Dugan influenced public opinion with balance, good sense and wisdom.

</doc>
<doc id="20777791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777791" title="The Oregon Channel">
The Oregon Channel

The Oregon Channel, a former public affairs television network in the U.S. state of Oregon, was operated by a consortium consisting of Oregon Public Broadcasting, Southern Oregon Public Television, the Oregon Legislative Assembly, the Oregon University System and the Oregon Public Affairs Network (OPAN). It was carried on most cable television systems throughout the Oregon either on a part-time or full-time basis as well as on the Internet. The station operated 24 hours a day.
When the State Legislature was in session, live gavel-to-gavel coverage of the Oregon State Senate and the Oregon House of Representatives was carried until adjournment "sine die".
When the legislature is not in session, other live gavel-to-gavel programming was carried, including the Oregon Supreme Court, and meetings of the Governor and his or her cabinet. When there were no live gavel-to-gavel meetings, other local or statewide public affairs programming was carried.
Officials at the Oregon State Capitol planned to discontinue the broadcast of the Oregon Channel after the 2011 session, concluding that the viewership of the Oregon Channel had dropped too low to justify spending the money to keep it running. Both the lack of interest from local Salem/Salem-area Public, educational, and government access (PEG) cable television channels and the failure of public broadcast to produce a reasonable agreement for transmission to other Government-access television (GATV) channels across Oregon forced this public service to discontinue.
Video of all legislative hearings and floor sessions continues to be streamed live on the legislature's website.

</doc>
<doc id="20777797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777797" title="Jones Hewson">
Jones Hewson

John Jones Hewson (2 September 1874 – 1902), credited as Jones Hewson, was a Welsh singer and actor known for his creation and portrayal of baritone roles with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company from 1896 to 1901.
Hewson began in the chorus of the company but moved up from smaller roles to larger ones on tour and then again from smaller roles to larger ones at the Savoy Theatre in London. He died of tuberculosis at the age of 27.
Biography.
Hewson was born in Swansea, Wales. He was the son of John Jones Hewson (born 1829) and his wife Elizabeth (born 1833), proprietors of the Union Workhouse, Mount Pleasant, Swansea. His older sister was Jane (born 1868), and his younger brother was Howell (born 1878).
Early roles.
Hewson grew up in Swansea. He joined the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company 1894 as a member of the chorus of the original production of "Mirette" at the Savoy Theatre in London. He soon went on tour with the company, doubling in the small roles of Captain Corcoran and Calynx in "Utopia Limited" and playing Francal in "Mirette". In early 1895, he took the larger roles of Mr. Goldbury in "Utopia", Gerard de Montigny in "Mirette", Tommy Merton in "The Vicar of Bray", and Ferdinand de Roxas in "The Chieftain". He reverted to smaller roles later that year but took on the new bass-baritone roles of Sergeant Bouncer in "Cox and Box" that summer and Arac in "Princess Ida" in the autumn.
Back at the Savoy Theatre in November 1895, he played Pish-Tush in a revival of "The Mikado". He soon added the role of Selworthy in the curtain raiser "After All!", a role that he would play whenever this piece was revived at the Savoy thereafter. In March 1896, he created the role of the Herald in the original production of "The Grand Duke" at the Savoy Theatre, earning an encore from the Savoy audience and praise from the critics. Occasionally, he substituted for Rutland Barrington in the lead role of Ludwig in "The Grand Duke". He also played Pish-Tush in matinee performances that summer and again, later the same year, in the Savoy's revival of "The Mikado" and sometimes played the title role or Pooh-Bah during that long run.
Later roles.
He next created the role of Baron Vincentius in "His Majesty" (1897), also substituting at times in the larger role of King Mopolio. Later the same year he played Sir Richard Cholmondeley in the first Savoy Theatre revival of "The Yeomen of the Guard" to good notices and added the role of the Rt. Hon. Claude Newcastle in the curtain raiser "Old Sarah", another role that he repeated in revivals. In "The Grand Duchess of Gerolstein" (1897-98), he played Captain Hochheimer (and sometimes Baron Grog). He appeared at the benefit performance of "Trial by Jury" held for Nellie Farren in March 1898. Later that year at the Savoy, he played Luiz in the first Savoy revival of "The Gondoliers", created the role of Nicholas Dircks in "The Beauty Stone" and played Sir Marmaduke Pointdextre in a revival of "The Sorcerer". He also played
the Counsel to the Plaintiff in "Trial by Jury" and Sir Marmaduke Pointdextre in "The Sorcerer" when they were revived together in the autumn of 1898.
Hewson went back on tour at the beginning of 1899, reprising his role of Tommy Merton in "The Vicar of Bray", and then toured in seven leading baritone roles in repertory: Captain Corcoran in "H.M.S. Pinafore", the Pirate King in "Pirates", Lord Mountararat in "Iolanthe", the title role in "The Mikado", Sergeant Meryll in "Yeomen", Giuseppe in "The Gondoliers" and Mr. Goldbury in "Utopia Limited", until August 1899, when he left the company for ten months.
He returned to the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company at the Savoy as a replacement for the role of Abdallah during the original production of "The Rose of Persia" in the summer of 1900. After this, he played the Pirate King in "Pirates" (1900) and Colonel Calverly in the first Savoy revival of "Patience" (1900–01), in each case earning approval from "The Times". At a lecture by Sir Alexander Mackenzie on Sir Arthur Sullivan, given in May 1901, at which musical illustrations were given by members of the Savoy company, "The Times" singled out Hewson: "a special word of praise is due to Mr. Jones Hewson's delightful singing of "This Helmet, I Suppose" from "Princess Ida"". Hewson's last part for the D'Oyly Carte company was the Earl of Newtown, which he created in the original production of "The Emerald Isle" beginning in April 1901.
Early death.
Hewson's health deteriorated from tuberculosis during the run of "The Emerald Isle", and eventually he had to withdraw from the role. In October 1901, the company held a benefit matinee performance of "The Emerald Isle" for him. He sailed to Australia and New Zealand hoping "that the voyage and a dry climate give him renewed strength", but he died there in 1902 at the age of only 27.

</doc>
<doc id="20777826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777826" title="Eustice">
Eustice

Eustice may refer to: Eustice Seeney 
See also.
Origin of the surname in Cornwall

</doc>
<doc id="20777868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20777868" title="Dorina Böczögő">
Dorina Böczögő

Dorina Böczögő (born February 15, 1992 in Orosháza, Békés, Hungary) is a Hungarian artistic gymnast who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.
Böczögő competed at the 2007 Artistic Gymnastics World Championships and placed high enough in qualifications to attain a place at the 2008 Olympic Games. At the 2008 Olympics, Böczögő placed a solid 54th All Around and narrowly missed qualification for the Vault Final, her best apparatus, with a 12th place finish. 
Böczögő qualified to the World Cup final in Madrid in December 2008.
She also competed in the London 2012 Olympics, after securing a spot for Hungary at the 2012 Artistics Gymnastics Olympic Test Event.

</doc>
